First person to mention this post at our Madison WI Store gets 10.00 off any order.

love it!
yay!
i love the visual of Twister for your soul!
thanks for reading :D
May 16  27, its starts today CannesFilmFestival  Wish we could be there!
we both know what you must do
Make it a back pain free day!!!
yea and it was loud too.
Everybody has a breaking point.
Including almost every condom.
I facebook stalk you all the time....
Anyone taking bets on whether or not Congress will roll Obama much as the Dems did to Jimmy Carter?
if you're flirting with my ex, don't bother trying talk to me as if we're friends
Y my aunt hit da pole on dis bus!
Lol!
Dis sum BS!
thatawkwardmoment when you find out justin bieber is older than you
fine and you?
Took too long to load.
same issue here, what was the answer?
Tonight on 10; Reax to IA/ISU Bowls and your latest winter weather forecast!
Fake laughter is the best reassurance....for others.
4 reminders per day to take a few shots.
Go outside and take some shots of someone approaching you from afar.
Good job!
Yeah, I'd like to talk sometimes Charlie.
Uh...maybe when I get back?
..
Uh ..
in six months.
owned by tess, charlie.
We seriously need to talk about this artist/designer/developer position you have open.
I know you're listening.
;
kirko bangz doctornk up in my cup man hold up i got swangers on the truck.
Screwston tx.
ESM client Lionel Smith , CB, Tex AM has best workout at AM Pro Day!
yep.
that was definitely a sign for me to stop.
it cannot happen.
Actually, that's not entirely true  there was a stop at Five Guys for food in between bc I overheard talking about it today.
I'm ready that go maybe I can win
SaySomething is the perfect summer song when is it on itunes?
See, you can't misspell it even if you want to!
I've had zero luck so far in Boston as well
denver you now have the best mexican food deliveried right to your door look us up at picososmexicanfood.com for more info on yahoo
Thanks for the RT!
How's the editing coming along?
Black Friday Deals are coming!
and why do I see your trucks handle egg product ?
Act like a woman think like a boss 
i'm still paranoid about their security model, so i just keep things there that i wouldn't mind seeing in the newspaper
Are we friends on Facebook?
Have you recommended our page?
Just added a 140 year old photo of North Broadway south of Ashburton Avenue in Yonkers, NY.
www.VictorianSource.com
come bff!
Can I get a refill??
When I was a Cowboy Fan at HU and survived all of the Redskin Fans.
Living in ATL  Chi  is easier
i'm gonna cut you
new york times and nbc news are covering brooklyn bridge arrests
Hu beautiful girl
you can get the doctorgs from derek LMFAOOOO JK when i asked him where he got them from he said idk..im going to ask him tom
Ha!
Luv that guy!
RT You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
Yogi Berra
Going back to mid 90s this weekend in DFW!
But today is SO nice!
Wish it would stick!
What do you want to see this autumn?
You also thought WPT Prague was gonna be under 450 and it got 571.
bum followed me down Forbes for 4 blocks, yelling, when he spit 5 feet, almost hitting me so I looked at him weird
Does she understand what multi dimensional mean?
He's good, but 5 opera songs vs 4 different genres.
Hm...
It's gonna take one title and LBJ will get peace.
Folks said Manning couldn't win til he did.
LBJ Wants to be Pippen, not MJ.
Yo Don, don't doctorg Foghat into this, please.
Shank Hall, Milwaukee, '96, before the passing of Lonesome Dave.
Top 5 alltime
In the redzone.
Holding breath.
That's greats.
See you have a common proper name.
Who in the hell gone hiring somebody named Jacquisha They cant pronounce it
I didn't say it was awful!
I just said I'd rather spoon my eardoctorms out than have to listen to it for more than 3 minutes.
Hey now!
Fixed, thanks!
I could do it for you boo:
The panel overlooks Korean conflict.
A nasty three years often forgotten.
uggh.
Hope you make home soon.
Safe travels home...glad the gig went well.
About to flip out in confusion ...
Texts .
3046082662
Hurricane season begins early as Theory of a Deadman blows into the Chameleon
definitely..
And watching playing and coaching are all completely different and it takes certain types to be able to do it
I never tire of Ken Burns' Baseball.
It still grabs me even after double digit views.
And I'm not really a baseball fan.
Hour and a half later, still no Lupe sighting.
You're absolutely right.
Perfect.
At Sheds Aquarium
I have some of the BEST friends EVER!
Got a care package from a couple bridesmaids  a home cooked meal from
And not a revenue model in sight!
RT : Wow there are 50,000,000 blogs out there!
Luis Rivera should be suspended as a judge what fight was he watching
Every year getting shorter/Never seem to find the time
blackgirlsrock ...yeah, we do don't we.
3wordforyou get lost loser
good!
Did you get invited to littlemonsters yet?
How is your life?
What have you been up too??
I often tell myself they live in Opposite Land which explains y they get everything wrong.

in the end you can't trust anyone but yourself.
What did the baby corn say to the mom corn?..
Where's pop corn?
LOLOLOL c:
dude same here.
the one in the AC robs me all the time.
Been in Tel Aviv for a day and I already feel scrutinized and uncomfortable.
Yeah, I forgot that they were signing Padilla.
A's or DBacks.
O's had interest until they heard he doesn't like sushi.
Got to be the sure shot RT : Today we salute Guru he died April 19 2010 but he lives FOREVER!
Oof.
It's a good thing I don't watch DWTS.
hope you are all having a good holiday weekend.
my neighbors are cranking the Otis Redding  Sweet!

If I could tell my story in words...
I wouldn't need to lug around this Camera 
Going to take a nap by the pool.
:
So not ready for work tomorrow.
Can't I just stay home and bake cookies?
:
The only limits I face today will be those I self impose.
God Himself is holding open the door to my purpose and I'm walking through it.
I've tried that.
Not as effective as you'd think.
;
have you ventured back home already?
Damn Girrl , you wear more blush in a day then i wear in a year !
.
Im so excited for the Nicki Minaj music video in 3 min !!!!
yea 2 more weeks
lol other things????
Lol guess what I'm thinking.....lmaoooo
cool lets get it rollin!!
im in college lol and i personally dont give that out sorry lol
Ever just want to kick people in the head and just ask wtf is the matter wth u?
Chicago looks to be wet the next few days.
Packing my 5, plastic, camping rain coat.
I ain't shame.
And I won't be wet.
Nothing better than a freaking out child before the flight.
Screams No Mom, please I don't want to fly.
Oh please no!
do cats like sardines?
Just tell'em yes...in about 6 months ; RT YOU GUYS, SOMEONE JUST ASKED IF WE HAD THE HUNGER GAMES.
ON DVD.
THE FUCK?
OnTheLastDayOfSchool i will stab everyone in the except for my crush  my best friend ...
I did
Why did someone start playing country on the jukebox
Hey selfish prick celebrity its me obligatory asshole twitter guy.
How bout a mutha fuckin ReTweet you Bitch!
Ugg...
I dislike pushy annoying people who assert themselves over everyone, meaning my neighbors.
been working a lot
Good luck to you both!
Can't wait to hear the news!

more followers than I have  followers please help have that goal and I will follow u back please 
it's a developer account so you can put Twitter into your website
YOU are amazing!
Thanks for being a pioneer with us and getting right in there!
You're performance was awesome!
Ah, the '60s  when chiseljawed blokes with graying temples helped women with pointy knockers into their chinchilla stoles.
LOL, I just can't No gossip today!
I gotta get this coochie together because being tardy for the party is late!
ah i see thanks I'm new lol
there she was just a girl.
she expected the world
more stressful than a couple hundoctord pounds on your back?
Having sex doctorams about girls .
.
.
awkward.
I have the biggest headache right now.
I understand.
I had to start over some years back but you will be better than ever.
Don't ever give up.
you have a special gift
Odd question, but anyone know where I can buy a tattoo gun?
I am conducting a little experiment...I may be on to something awesome.
oh yea!
They were few in number but by the look in their eye I could see that they would leave only in victory or death
sermon time i want to wild out i really do but im holding it in
U could b a black bird Hidin from da world with a broken wing Scared of da rain just 'cause ur scared to sing u believe ur gonna fly with me
Doing pushups is really boring without  Video skype next time, ladies!
;
Luv to hear this!
RT finished  I think Im going to have to go buy more highlighters!
That book inspired me.
any specific recommendations on sources for learning technical SEO in depth?
blogs, seminars, training courses?
One month of school left!
Thank the lord.
YVW!
: Yespictaken  mixmeet autograph signing after Tulsa Swan Lake Ballet perfb4 hanging up pointe shoes!semiretired!
Barnett doesn't care about music, so his life has a gametrack rather than a soundtrack.
No work for the holiday?
Check out The Real King's Speech or any of Revolver Entertainment USA's other great movies!
Went to the mall and got myself my first pair of Vans today.
le swag
i doubt it
lol smh ya'll were crazy.
I'm at my moms house right now.
it got hot in there so I moved..
go to Nia at Cheeky Vintage.
She is independent but works out of their space, and is AMAZING.
Me and and Jack just wrestled 4 guys for Lupe Fiascos shirt!!
Amazing night can't wait till tomorrow
not the capitalist teddy bear again!
hey how are u sir
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
My friends doctornk tastes like Robitussin.
I want to puke.
ALL TEENS!
TONIGHT!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE 8015 BANDERA RD.
DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!
EVERYONE FREE TIL 8PM
Another hoosier win!!!!
Three of my favorite things  beet greens, bulgur and eggs!
Gotta try!
I totally understand!
Sounds like you need some fresh air!
all quiet, but working hard behind scenes.
No candidates I've heard yet.
Def by end of May..prob 2 weeks or so
Get a manicure at Strange Beauty Show, start at 12 252  9522!
Aw trust me, if they 7.5 or greater, u wont have ANYMORE problems tonight 4sho
Since Sept or October 2011, It has already been escalated to mgmt about 3 or 4 times.
NotImpressedWithYourServices At All
Hmm, not a ringing endorsement of my curriculum RT this reminds me of listening to War and Peace in Latin on Audio Book
Vince will be on NewsTalk w/Bruce DuPuyt on TBD/News8 at 10 am to talk about the general election and our town hall meetings!
not again..
12 always the perfect number!
Still trying to remember to come back here and update my updates!
I'm on my way to Gug.
It's raining
FortressCraft on the xbox 360 arcade version of Fortress Craft :Chapter One it says tweet this account for enquiries ..
Is it wrong :?
well done today!
Google!
stop with all the new looks!
you are not an angsty teenager!
How goes it?
shoulda texted me!
The horrible pain of putting your retainers in after weeks of not wearing them 
When life gives you lemons...
make grape juice.
And let the world sit back and wonder how you did it.
;
All my friends are at Avengers, whatever that is.
Made offers on two vintage typewriters before 9 a.m.
I establish my own personal definition of productivity.
Sent you a DM with instructions Gwen.
Again, Congrats!
I love to give out good news!
Tosca was absolutely fabulous!
What a great night.
Thanks my friend...
I don't think has EVER been wrong.:
Because I bake?x
can exist without the other, they've always existed side by side in universities and for good reason 2/2
Formula One Racing
G'Morning bro!
Try to stay focus on the goals which you are trying to reach don't get caught up in other plans that will only get in the way
Go Blazers!
why won't you recognize my existence
Amy is back home in the Rio Grande Valley.
South Texas has been Amy's home for most of her life.
If they give me money then yes!
Steven Knows When  Why I'm Not In A Good Mood.
He Always Knows Why Not To Fuck Wit Me.
Cause I Am On My Period, And I Will Kill Someone
This dumb bitch on Facebook just posted she wants to strangle a duck because it looks fun.
Really!?
Let's let Peta know about this.
:
Yes, back from Vail.
What a trip it was..
miss it already!
Ok LAers...
Holocaust museum or museum of tolerance?
: sorry to keep spreading the grump.
I am the worst.
me too
How's FlA
I'm good sis.
How are you?
Lucio Gonzaga has just stopped into the Blast office at Du Burns Arena.
The Congressional leader have thrown their arms up too.
They have given up and we have to suffer for their ineptitude.
The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
can you please follow me im a big fan !
:D 3 and im planning on seeing never say never again with my sister
When I work at one on one I double as a DJ.
are you not concerned in the backlash Obama would experience if the Dems propose a realistic plan for national gay marriage?
who won
These allergies are killing me...
SlowlyDying 
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 6
More like Best Old Artist.
lol someone got u im assuming forrest is the culprit
Just saw Sarah Silverman, memorable joke of the night biggest problem Jews have with the Holocaust?
What?
The cost!
Sunday, Funday?
The Avalon Hotel  Spa is hoping so!
Arrive on a Sunday and get 50 off of Monday's rate!
Sounds like fun to us.
Vinyl  MP3s
All this talk about on Twitter about the Supermoon and not a single Uranus joke.
Frankly, I'm disappointed in all of you.
I Stare At The Mirror And Realize That Real Lies Within Me..
FYI, is NOT the Will Ferrell movie twitter feed
Two firkin Fridays tonight: barrelaged World Wide Stout from Dogfish at Fat Heads and Deviant Dales IPA at OTB.
Both tap at 5pm.
Is it ironic that Didge told me he couldn't stand my hipster music while he was swilling a PBR?
I'm an overcomer.
finds success in Twitter chats to reach younger audiences.
great job!
gracias!
Let's catch up soon
Just so you can't untweet tomorrow RT  I have a girl crush
shoutout To !
So yea uhm bitches, just bad ones!
Follow this dude, Yeaa: ohh sprinkles bombassness on this bitch 3
glad to see you looking less ashy tonight
Love !
Quickly became one of my favorite sites!
shit, i was just laying here in bed.
then it fucking vibrated hard a couple times o.o
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napoleon Hill
Thanks for the shot out!
Be thankful that you, as I, I have the luxary of wasting time, thought and energy on your ipad or similar device.
If the goal is no feedback, then say nothing
yea it sucks :
those are badass!
Sure to bring about a result tonight.
you are sexy
RT:Who here knows about Afro Thunda?...if not keep your eyes open cause she's one bad mama that Irles has conjured up
Pléase follow mé!
I hope that some day can you follow me!
33
i wish this doctorft had an express lane
and PS: Mpls didn't declare a snow emergency.
You are the only city in the metro area to inconvenience your residents...
stay on your Deen
Well Instagram is about to be ruined!
Facebook just bought Instagram for 1 BILLION DOLLARS!
It was so early that dunkin wasn't even making donuts on my way into work!
Did LeBatard have flackbacks of the Here's your son moment you guys had on the show last year?
I'd prefer it be private.
Laying out on the deck 
I find it funny when people who don't know shit about boxing ask who having a fight party..ole begging ass, Felicia from Friday ass niggas
Loving the first half so far.
Bit of a slow start, but they look back on form.
not to sound snarky but that TUF fight was pretty sub par for the best Org.
in the worlds feeder league.I guess That was kinda snarky?
huh
i hate watching never say never and i hate watching journey to fearless.
Good morning!
Another chance to get it right!
I call bullshit, cuz then you'll never know where to go when the volcano blows.
Trinity plays addon just before the half ends to take a 4214 lead into the locker room.
whew!
Thx for explanation.
Wondered what was up.
: cc
Thanks, you too!
:
please baby 3 follow me....u are my idol,my start and my ispiration
so no second period??
omg me too!
I thought they would be losing by like 10 but there up by 5!!
I think I wrote on someone's wall meaning for it to go 2 someone else.
I'm so tired I can't remember if I actually did it.hurts to think lol
So , I never heard back from Kevin H re: issue 4996785.
Situation now dire.
Google gave me new info.
Need help plz call!
Packers Be graceful, Green Bay fans.
It's only 1 loss.
Let us show some class and don't be an ass.
Hello NEIGHBOR!
There is a Brachetto d'Aqcui from Italy that we're serving tomorrow night that is so delicious!
Dear Mark from Liberty..
Sorry I don't want to attend college there
My dawg MettaWorldPeace giving a shout out to NY nd my pops hood
hahaha...
he has that 19 yearold coked out look down!
Gotta love a lil JayZ music in the trailer too.
Everyone is about to kill someone here.
Lmbo
I don't have friends anymore.
Just Twitter and Tumblr followers.
And you guys really make me feel better.
More than a 'real' friend could.
ff quality people are people of quality!
What is this fascination with women wearing red lipstick?
I'm noticing it a lot these days.
Diane Keaton didn't wear it and she was hot.
Anyone know what's up with this morning?
yay!!
it feels good to be a fave :.
thanks for tweeting about us.
Today's the day  presenting our eyetracking study findings to the dept!
FIRE EVERYTHING
Coffee and holiday music  a great combo!
Have a great Wednesday :
why thank you: RT : following
on the doctorms though!
These classes are all going by the fucking slow, I wanna go home!
thank you, I miss you
Sexy Momma
wanna be my friend?
:
Pickup Line: Hi, my name's .
You better remember it cause you'll be screaming it later!!
i bet u is, i'll get dat gangsta out u, ask yo friend girl
This weekend the best Boat Parade in the world....
Tired....gonna go to bed..goodnight.....ly
i don't want to make videos for a while
My Gma just told me that I've got the look lol
Leaving for Breathe Carolina concert in Kentucky in T15 hours!!!!
We had an absolute blast!
We're so grateful to for organizing it  and to you for starting it all!
Sleepy and Bored!
Horrible combination .....
yeah, I ran into the same thing
you should've been like bitch back up!!!
thanks for the RT!
thank you I need one that's race related
Could you please tell me how I doctorss as awesome as you?
Please!
I have some parties coming up and I like to doctorss nice.
roaddoctorn!!!!
I can't wait until Philly in June.
I love 7on7 ha.
It's at Lindsey so we may see y'all!
honey that's what I been waiting on but clearly you arent capable of doing that...
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Vouvray Various white wines made in Vouvray/Loire Valley, usually from Chenin Blanc grapes.
We may throw the dice, but the LORD determines how they fall.
Proverbs 16:33
Well how do YOU do mister Creeper?
Make your home comfortable and green by conveniently adjusting your Lighting and Temperature from anywhere in your home, and in the world.
Where can I get more info on the conf?
Thank you.
remember me remember always i will love u even from beyond the grave!
Man...
Come to think about it, maybe you DO look like Carly Simon!
Then again, maybe not.
hehe
Aztecs  Champions.
No contest.
How does a guy email you?
Interested in hearing more about your company.Thanks!
Matt
just landed in philly!!
See you soon :
00056c Thu 16feb12 .
Clock out 2220p .
collated thoughts on how to bring sweatshop to the surface; writings / doctorwings from 17002220p
straight forward.
just like that
Did she ever pay straightcashhomie?
Woo!
Plants and Animals, my first show at Cosmic Charlies on April 15th..
errrbodyyyy come!!!
doctornks on me
Hate when that happens ;: Damn I just doctorpped the popcorn.
Lol
Sweet!
I'm sure you'll see me out there :
Twist my arm....I'll look into it next week.
Thanks and nice meeting you.
I can't help but think WBC is some elaborate prank that's just going way over our heads.
ICE COLD
Back at you, man...hope all is well.
Did you see some of the pics i posted from my trip?
lol game rage?
IBM courts bball
I highly recommend 's 30dayoga course.
She helped me strengthen my home practice  she's an awesome lady.
navy pier!
That's dope as ever!!
Loving Dallas and the pool weather
In other the PA girl is GOD AWFUL!
I spent 1 hour Bicycling.
766 calories burned.
Stop lying.
Happy Cinco de Mayo BEA Bloggers!
still want my cookies!
I AM ARKANSAS RT : Making plans with to head to I AM MONTANA If we're pick states, I AM HAWAII!
Health is always first priority
Shut up daniele, always confused
me me me!
Lol
Correction...nobody in Chicago!!!
Are you in Miami???
If you are, come on over and I'll make one for you

I'm feeling the RT love, TY!
RT if you love pasta!
Everything you see I owe to pasta.
Sophia Loren
We love you too!
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 70F FAIR
Still 3 days left to take advantage of our amazing December specials!
hi i would love for you to change my follow limit to 10,000
Happy valentine's day to my one and only...
love you!
I'll donate to either the prize packs or the Kmart tree...which do you think would be better?
I'll try to email you soon.
I say Kings, Devils, Capitals, Flyers in that order.

Read Tip 5/7  Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 5: Use gestures to demonstrate the magnitude.
Early morning training for the week.
Got to love the end of session!
Plantiffs' counsel: Writers Guild works w/ porn industry to pay out foreign monies Writers Guild alleges it doesn't collect on porn Both lie
Can't wait to see Glee's Whitney Houston Tribute tomorrow night!
D
Imagine if all professorssors and students engaged in unified conversation about social issues fueled by 1 book.
csus.edu/onebook/
We've got an awesome trailer put together that we are holding back until we get closer to the final cut.
I'm trying to see who lasted longer.
Tyler and Dawn or Ignacio and Dawn.
HA!
Ignacio and Dawn didn't last a day.
Attention Earthlings: Happy Earth Day.
BLOW ME BITCH

get it why you here boy cause I got that money that'll make you disappear boy
Prob because Twitter is unreliable enough without being polled by millions of devices every 5 minutes.
Worst mood ever, sleeping all day in class foshooo
mister  I feel as though you are avoiding my meet up request/proposal for a beer!
Good morning it is National Coffee Day!
Stop by either of our locations and enjoy a small coffee and doughnut of choice...
Free!
Happy Birthday to one of the greatest people on Earth!
Siri, where can I bury the dead body
Praying the prayers of the bible is kinda like prayer to the second power
Bish please!!
great game!
Spring break is going way to fast!!
going good also :
What is the one Finish Line product you could not live without?
I feel like everyone and their mother has boot!
Spending the day cleaning with some nice dancing music on!
Creative energy in limbo.
Dont know if its the beautiful day, a case of writers block, apathy or just plain laziness.
Im thinking lazy.
Its crazy to see and read certain media outlets that believe the complete opposite from another.
Things are so twisted in both.
well I just got to the crib.
I'm gunna have to call it a night.
I gotta be up early.
Good to see you, too!!!
Happy Opening Day!
it's turned into a midlate '90s party up in here!
It's a blast!
Would it be frowned upon if I go to bed at 6:30?
Yeah but I heard he shot an 82 earlier.
GreenEllis: 7 carries for 47 yards..
Happy 25th Birthday to my amazing love you!!
You ain't born typical.
I hate having bad eyesight 
my pleasure
why dose Joy always put her foot in her mouth?
Yesterday Barbra had to put her hand up  say don't go there.
Today go kill urself
Probably Sunday, June 17.
They are trying to raise  for the production.
last dance class tonight, and i can't go..
Omg melo is just putting the team on his back right now
My work computer is totally soupedup, in that I've spilled a ton of soup on it.
needs to start shooting more of these beautiful skies...
TEENS!
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A!
GONNA BE CRAZY!!
we've come a long way or same old, same old...?
If You Are Interested for Next Sat's Event Direct Message or Martin Lawrence Gallery Auction Special Event
Twistii funded Wedding, Beachwear,Swimsuit shoot in Hawaii in August on the black sand beaches  lava flows.
Looking for designer partners
yes  i saw this  hendoctore jones is quoted in this article.
important topic!
Your statement is ready is my least favorite email subject line!
:
Doing fake doctorm solos with Solomon.
Yall youtube this guy if you haven't already Sol Philcox
I feel like women will be much more influenced by it than men.
Which may wind up being the point, I suppose.
Approaching my 1 year anniversary with White Lightening my VW TDi.
She's just shy of 20k miles with at least 500k to go!
nonsense, her blazers are amazing.
I want her wardoctorbe.
Sunroof open, windows down...in February.
Hunh?
That's real talk, my man.
Life is bigger than we sometimes get wrapped up in every day...
fill your cup up and im sip mine
Yes you are!!
Miss you Petey!!
Thanks Y'all!
We making a diff around here!
Brewers all the way.
I hate humanity.
We are working on updating our twitter handle with DePaul Arts  Life stories just in time for summer.
Stay tuned!
I haven't DM'd on this account...
We are the New generation!
Let's stand together and let our voices be heard among the nations!
Glory to God Forever!
know you mentioned Vandy's talents but who would you like in a Syracuse/Wisconsin match up?

great, but we have lots more judging to do!
Can anyone from Canale come on Saturday?
Yeah I don't know when we became kotaku.
Won our last home game of the season!!
Great work at the plate and on deffense!
Had a blast celebrating at titos with my girls!
We
Man doctorid messed up who got one I can use
Will be there tonight!
Do you have nigori?
RT Start the weekend off with some Sake...

I saw this Harry Potter bracelet online I'm sure you would like plus I would send u a candle since u want one lol
thanks for the RT.
This conference is about partnerships, which fosters w/ teachers  learning communities
Roll your shoulders back and lift up your heart.
doctorp your chin and breathe deeply.
I hear Norah Jones has a new CD.
Anyone listen to this yet?
Hey Guys FOLLOW She wants to get too 2,000 FOLLOWERS :
Just had new pictures taken w/Carrie Cavalier.
Bought new shirts for my girl next door and some cardigans for my mom look!
Very excited!
I guess people have very different views on what's private and what's public
blushes thx!
RT : Yay!
Thanks!
You've been a great help for the entire conference experience  before, during,  after
Studies suggest that the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury
Good Morning cold day brrr
yayyy thank you!
hahahahha I'm bored that's why hahaha lol 
Don't mess with me ,
Legally blonde FAIL ..
Lee mead !!.
Working on the weekend; not for the weekend.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Q1 Negativenot everyone can afford a subscription.
Accidentally doctornk.
Dancing with a pup to Heart in the kitchen.
you made my day todayatlunch haha
you're the hottest news guy!
:
thanks for the follow
towards the end of the second 
The funnies, VegasStyle
Someone keeps putting their nonrecyclable trash in my recycle bin.
This is not ok.
Stop it, asshole.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
that's cause D Wade is the shiz!
Thought you knew?
Walked the Red Carpet at the New Year's Eve Premiere alongside Josh Dumel, Hilary Swank, Katherine Heigel, etc.
Mirror REFLECTION!
Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 4:45pm for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties.
The Second City performs tonight at 7:00PM.
Dont miss this sidesplitting performance.
Tickets still available online or at the door....
the only news i ever read
Well now you know...
Imy too!
Especially in school!
Rogers is killing me!
Freaking making us write madd essays!
X
BBQ, Umw apartment 424.
12:002:00 pm.
Would love to have you of you're free!
welcome to my world!
Suppose its time to get ready
Holy Mad Cow!
u should have stayed for Natalie Merchant 
2 yrs ago I lost a good friend RIP Angelo Whittington u gone but never forgotten
More Americans see dentists rather than doctors
We hope this first day of spring is a sign of more sunny days to come
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!
you seem to be shedding years.
careful, or someone will think you're twelve.
Check it out!
is a trendsetter!
She began trending diverocks Follow her lead  tell us why you think DiveRocks 
Located in Broohaven Atlanta we are your newest ecofriendly baby boutique!
Stop in to see us .
Dunno if I'm the right guy to test that card in an environment.
Can't ever seem to play it right ;
: Got tickets to see and today, best birthday presents ever!
JEALOUS.
He dosnt come to my small ass town :'
Boy thinks he can just come on here and rip tribal tats and Alter Bridge?
dont take no shit from nobody!
Don't mind me over here...
Just quoting business and booking it.
yeah mine to
Freedom Watch will be greatly missed.
developing a new look for the AP website!
YouKnowUWinning When you can tell your Wife HowHott her NewGirlfriend looks
how do we cultivate new leaders for the future?
looking for mr
there's sensitive, and then there's gimme a break!
, marketing expert, on the BK/chicken ad controversy over
thats how you know you're doing it right
and it's hilarious.
If casey catania sniffs at me one more time I'm throwing a book at her
the limited
you must tell me how you got this job.
Oh look I have more followers to mention
I think me you and know how to throw correctly
OMG HAHAHAHA.
Next week!!!
You pumped???
LOL I thought of you selling cream on QVC or HSN, then thought those prob not around anymore.
But see it on Telemundo at night
Not even going to school.
There's no point.
Theyll probably get sent home later anyways
not bad but we could do better.
This is an untapped comedic market.
I got a chuckle out of the leek in his mouth.
A Guiness book world record float.
Surfing dogs!
One just wiped out!
Ah...the challanges, the suprises of the great walkabout.
Come to think of it...
I never thought it would be easy.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
Olivias Birthday Party .
She invited Eric just for me .
Yay !
Hey everyone isn't kick ass like the most bomb movie ever like i found it funny that hit girl chloe did the most work and action of it MFME

did I hear a need for PR???
Thanks for the nice plug!
Hope to see you around the Caribe.
Cases of autism up 78 since 2002  is this because of a more liberal, widernet diagnosis or actually more 'true' cases of autism?
Sorry we've been behind on our tweets!
We've been busy at our annual conference in VA Beach!
Thank you to everyone it was a huge success!
Welp.
That wasn't fun.
Good win for Rangers.
Thought we had them through the second.
Oh wells, there's always Wednesday.
WANT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP that'll change your life?
LUSI.OB!
They have HUGE things in the pipeline!
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
rice and corn
Thanks PubNub.
We'll have more to show you soon!
Searches often don't have smaller airlines either.
I just went to Colombia  never saw Satena, ADA, or EasyFly in searching.
RT : RT : RT : Genius Marketing: Ikea Photographer Turns Kitchenware Into Art...
Remember Henry Louis Gates and Our America will be discussed 8pm tonight with Ilan Stavans
Wanye used to be a really Hood Rapper, now this this nigga wear girls work out pants and skateboards..
and how old is he like 30 smh hha
You know what they say about holding a snake by the tail.
You let it go before it eats your face off!
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST in Buffalo is at the Screening Room tonight at 7:30, 3131 Sheridan doctorve, Northtown Plaza
i WAS JUST ViSiTiNG FAMiLY.
MY DAUGHTER AND i ARE G0iNG BACK T0 NEW Y0RK iN A C0UPLE 0F H0URS
hey there we need to prepare for Saturday love
yo rudy how u get so mny followers?
I want to come!!
Happy Valentines Day Enjoy!!
Tell me what you like and I'll tell you what you are.
John Ruskin
F being Broke!
guess Havoc must think he is a 17year old rapper.HipHop legends should have enough pride/common sense to avoid twitterbeef.smh
happy birthday : have a good one
just cleaned up your dog's vomit.
We're even.
My knowledge is dated, but find Lincoln Ave, and pop into something that looks interesting.
Getting ready to go check out Glue Fam
:D How many now???
who else is new???
Good, crazy day.
Got to share with MANY people, and even met a few people that knew my grandpa back in the day!
Cue adoring look from Microsoft exec.
maybe if some of my old friends reached out to me I wouldn't be so friggin lonely.
SAT Time: Bombplane, BonePadoctors pres RT : I get a pant full of bone just looking at those jerseys.
Phil are you an hour ahead of me?
amen.
goblue : not even sparta could stop the shoelaces today!
I was referring to his tweet about Nash going to Toronto, though.
That's all I saw today.
well thank you...
I will let you go back to trying to find your sack again.good luck ...let me know when she gives it back to you
crazy stuff isn't it?
Live like it's your last day on earth.
Work like it's your first day at work.
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends!
I am thankful for YOU.
Conna
room unplugged
time to turn my brain off.....somehow
Hey guys!
If u send me a skype request I WILL accept it the next time I get on I accept all requests so if u send it it will get accepted :
this kid beating up the badger BB program is an idiot.
Read your scholarship next time young man !
Pick up a complementary burger or dog tonight  Uof Indy for tonights game.Tailgating start around 5:30 pm.
Be the 12th man, GO CRUSADERS!!
Thanks so much for mentioning my book.
Have a terrific day!
Daniel
Joe Watkins on MSNBC: Reid needs to work with McConnell...bastard!
McConnell won't work with anyone!
Not both sides, Repubs want blood.
Exactly.
That's all I could come up with.
hey guys we should play a show together.
Were coming to Washington in august.
Have I not followed anyone back yet...
Let me know
What if Jesus needs some air in his tires?!
Are you really going to turn him away tomorrow....
follow first :
There will always be those awkward moments when you walk by a person and remember everything you had.
What is going on with the Yanks pitching this series?
We r better than this!
i think the musical stylings of ludwig van might compliment the rain rather nicely today.
just baileys for me, hm
I don't like matty ice much either but tebow has as much talent as matty's left nut.
He may have potential..
To go to church.
Just saw a police officer ripping down KONY 2012 posters on Beverly Road...
you know how to get in touch with me?
You see the glass have empty but SALVATION sees God with the pitcher.....PREACH
Support local music!
Maybe we can even start to see micro brew whiskeys, that sounds so much better than micro brew beer.
replacefilmstitleswithvagina No Country For Old Vagina
something tastes so good bout that processed crap!
As long as you aint got nothing 2do for the week.
Paul pierce with the BIG BLOCKK!
Dear misterSims, Sincerely
you need to downplay the makeup, black hair and tight shirts.
Lighten your hair and get rid of the extensions.
Anything goes in the world of makebelieve.
I was watching Happy Endings.
They played 'today was a good day' by ice cube in the last scene.
That verse made me chuckle.
You dispute this?
It is well documented that Reagan funded doctorg cartels to prevent Sandinistas from winning.
A big congrats to for finding the Mistral goft card!
Enjoy!!
INSERT INTO famquotes VALUES
Mangia will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day 12  9!!!
it should be illegal to not sing on the metro.
synchronized dancing also.
If I RT your request, somehow you'll lose about 15.
Not sure how that works.
I need something new for my show
Alan Watts Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
What was this I heard about a party at the Root Cellar with AFROTHUNDA playing.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Michael Jordan 3

MY Sex Life Right Now  Nonexistent Lol smh
i wanna go out west and start over
going nowhere fast we've reached the climax
No school today : Going to get my braces off at 8!!
The Woman Who Walked Into Doors.
Not new but so worth it.
Dont miss doctor Oz show tomorrow.
Were delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
Which Pym novel would you recommend as a first read to a BP newbie with a kindle and some vacation time next week?
Thank you!
The pics of the montauk monster  aka a raccoon  make me gag.
Minute Packers made it to playoffs they went into kill mode Makes me feel less bad about Eagles loss
Hope everyone has a Happy and Blessed Easter with family and friends!
Looks ok to me in OS X 10.6 using FF and Chrome.
Text and images appear fine.
Lemme know if you want a screen shot.
about to head down to the Oklahoma History Center on this lovely, rainy morning!
At DT2 ONLY, blue tags are 50 off and yellow tags are 25 off!
Proud new Ford Truck owner
I will never text in the shower ever again.
What was your favorite XFiles episode?
Lyfe has so many twist and turns dats y I stretch daily...
after having a dysfunctional enter, space, and middle mouse button for a few days, i must say that i appreciate the middle mouse button most
Dude  Today is AWESOME: just said: Aren't you sweet as pumpkin pie!!!.
I LOVE pumpkin pie!
I love Teles!
I approve.
Watched a bio of Roy Buchanan the other day  AMAZING.
i don't like the new twitter
rancho bernardo hs, his parents still live in this area
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 Cent Wings and BBQ Rib Dinners
I find it fun to read after I'm all caught up on FB.
ThingsMyExSaid is trending...
Oh god..
B?
Haa u already told me I think...or sum1 diff ?
Hi Will, how's it going!?
Long time, no tweet...
ancient aliens.
10 days.
you READY?
Congrats again!
: Cant GIVE UP on something I already put some much time in!!!
i breathe smiles , blow laughter .
bitches .
LoL, I feel ya, say here
rip it.
bcd me!
im sorry u went thru that.We all deserve b heard.If u'd like 2 write abt ur experience I'd be honored 2 post it on my blog.
I thought I was having a normal converok that's a total lie.
Excited to be and with  so cool!
as kosher as a rock hyrax.
as you know, I'm not a fan of the pressing, unless...
;
September is already half through.
Host a party or basket and receive a FREE Medium Warmer and three Bars!
www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us
You and Eric are such slackers and you photo/tweets don't matter  it is beautiful here too...
not, cold and sleet/snow.
Woops...
I spilled the beans.
Haha
Is blowing a 7 pt lead w/ 2 mins left worse than losing by 30?
I would say so.
Disappointed in the new uniforms.
No change, other than NIKE swoosh instead of reebok logo
Looks like it ends today!
Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs crowded with celebrities
did you try taping up a picture on the window so he sees it?
Maybe something red will cut through the glare...
Conversation 16: Great song?
Or the greatest song?
: How was your visit?
See anything you liked?
lol okay goodnight
I'd agree City probably can grab 8 pts.
But strange things/free falls can happen.
Look at Spuds.
hello!
their is not a lot of food blogging here in hawaii but it is becoming more of a food meca!
are you from here?
I'd love to have you play Doug Briney's More than Just a Farm.
Message me, and I'll send you the mp3.
Thanks!
Loge you too!!!
You can't imagine how much!!
haha!!
You're so sweet 33 You should go sleep ; it's late I'm sure
Good time with good friends in Indy tonight.
Happy birthday to !
big girls don't cryy  ahh I love you 
Thanks!
We look forward to sharing it with you!
THATS the truth!
: As a Leo you don't really understand people who get allemotional and sensitive about things.
I wouldn't mind the rain if wasn't accompanied by a migraine..
At least I get to try to sleep it off guilt free..
Sigh
If I laugh when you use air quotes, it's cause I decided long ago that's the sign for like a bunny.
And now you just seem like a lunatic.
Nice turnout for Detroit Startup doctornks at the Old Miami.
We rotate days so it will be a Sat morning or Fri evening in May.
theres a word for that bro .its
I think a resident of New York is entitled to talk big concerning his city just as much as the Mayor does from time to time.
By the way, shouldn't you be sleep ?
It's almost 5 AM here which means it's almost 2 in Cali!
Talk about nocturnal!
Going over fan mail, this is all so inspiring thank you all so much!
Going to bed early sucks.
But if I don't, i'll regret it tomorrow...
Well i'm tired
Reduce skip stolens with RTOREWARDS customer loyalty marketing solutions.
Klaus is now tyler..
Guess it kinda makes sense but im gonna miss my love
Had fun explaining the ACA to an underinsured, hard working family man today.
He left thinking an insurance exchange is a good idea.
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.
William Rotsler
don't worry...I used the animal excuse.
She could abandon us childoctorn when we were little, but not her menagerie of fur kids now.
Yes!
Make the Guy Picciotto recipe.
It will not disappoint.
There should be some sort of punk rock dinner party w/ this book
When photographers tell me they are using their cameras to uncover the truth I always feel they reveal more about themselves than veracity
In lecture.
The woman next to me is falling asleep.
It's crunchtime.
I think you just answered your own question!
hahahhaha spider was a freakin snitch
I go through the day a lot less nervous now that I have that phone interview secured.
I am almost nice.
blah blah blah, library branding in virtual realities, blah blah blah libraryschool is weird sometimes.
i honestly can't help that i like you this much...
Just cut the crap outta my finger with giant fabric shears.
Workplace safety is questionable in regards to myself.
if I was a rock star or a movie star or someone that wants to look effing amazing...you're the one to make it happend.
I've accumulated quite an assortment of excuses.
If you need to borrow any, just let me know.
Lol.
EXCUSE ME DOUGIE...
I'M JUST THE MESSENGER...
;0
Watch me fuck around n get fired Smh...
On Mon., the Wisconsin Supreme Court decided not to review two separate appeals filed by the WIDOJ to overturn Voter ID injunctions.
damn i wana watch da floyd mayweather fight.
y it gota be on payperview?
we dnt pay to watch nba championships
Perfect outcome :
This morning's ride was just perfect.
Nice breeze, nice temp, even nice doctorvers.
Should have biked right past work...
First day at home for Spring Break.
This is awesome.
np GD Dick's Picks 22
Many folks identify people hater when they dont' care about us at all..and call others friend who doesn't really want our success...
endoftheday but the beginning of a new one!
Ain't life grand that way?
At dinner w my stupid family.
:
Alright Genetics final, it's you  me.
Only one of us can survive, and I'm hoping it's going to be me!
Hey , when we get outta this mess and go to the bottom of the 8th, please tell those to get some runs.
They listen to u.
Fixed and followed!
it's really a pity that monday rhymes with fun day.
Waking up to a mouse at your feet is the most terrifying thing ever.
Lynchburg, thanks for a phenomenal night.
We look forward to coming back ;
Lazy Sunday catching up with the LA Times, loving that the best parade of the year just went by my house...
Happy Gay Pride!
Woot woot!
RT : 1 good thing about music is....
when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Researchers here to look at our 1724 bedoctorg.
I want to listen to them all day, but have cataloguing to do.
I need a clone.
think i know who u hate.Everyone hates them 
Free Nook w/ 1yr subscription to NYT.
I'm tempted to accept.
Approaching the PA border near Chester...should be at Mother Prep in 25mins.
THX for a wonderful trip!
Lots of pictures from Kennesaw today on the twitter feed
Pretty darn happy
OH SHIT!
I put that in as a placeholder for a teachery name and forgot to change it!
i feel awful about that.
total oversight.
SHE AIN'T EVEN A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER!
SHE A SUBSTITUTE HELPER!
The substitute teacher ain fucking with me ahahahahah
Trey's presentation got the whole Class dying.
Ahh what a funny boy.
Why do awesome songs have to have stupid lyrics like You could be my it girl baby you da s girl and you look better with the lights off
new beats at coming...
Well done to you guys.
Keep the fire in the belly!
Caltrain siliconvalley dude oozing mucus from nostril to chin reading email.
Can one become a pounding capitalist with such oblivion?
awesome.
Hope your dad is doing well.
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following
we love to follow everyone!
Make sure u check out our videos at www.silverproductionsmv.com
win 100 Amazon card from and Friends
I'm counting on you World Peace!
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is organizing Great Books discussion groups for probationers in Chicago, Denver and Boulder.
RT : Follow  for a chance to win ITLY's Racing Red Ionic Blow doctorer  Flat Iron as seen in the movie Burlesque!
oh Luke.
hanging out
Looking forward to fun with friends tonight for event !
College hill is too much.
Lol.
I used to love this show
Took my daughter to the beach today  first time this summer!
Finally the weather is cooperating!
:
Our rooms are waiting!
RT : I need to go to
Playful, inspirational spaces are important
That's the power of Persuasion baby!
I know!
I know lots of other routes and cut throughs, just not that one.
you gonna watch Avengers?
Good mornings from strangers feel so honest
The call code for today is 5080255, right?
Yeah, so about this research paper...
Great article.
You know how it's done!
I'm working on booking gigs right now.
I'm shooting for Dec.
Lob city
email me Bro
Follow She Deserves More Than 75.5 K Followers!
exactly  how can the GOP not claim they are carrying water for Wall Street?
Home and back to the Moon Man for more.
;
maybe this weekend or early next week?
RIP Steve Jobs.
Your creative mind will be missed.
Deep Space 9 isn't too bad.
A bit different from the other Star Trek series, but not bad at all!
These tanks will cost 10 each.
We will accept payment before or after the order.
You just won't get the tank top until you pay.
Okay so on the bus and at a red light the guy 2 seats behind me threw a gum at the car next to us and it sticked on the car...poor guy
Ukelele too!
RT : I didn't realize the 'Guy playing acoustic guitar at a campfire' cliche was rooted in ABSOLUTE TRUTH.
I have school I'm right now on school ..!!I'm so tired ..!!
There's no place on earth with more dumb girls per square foot than a college in California.
Roberto Bolaño 
I hope everyone is having a great week!
You would be good at that.
What's the salary?
Derwin  Melanie aint comin back on the show !
that just made me mad .
a girl is beautiful; not hot.
she is not a temperature.
Looking forward to my Personal Empowerment presentation at Admin professorssionals Conference tomorrow in Lebanon, VA!
I love how Sara always shows at least her belly button.
thanks, anna!
3
Our spring issue is out!
Pick one up at , , , , , and more!
yo momma so fat the back of her neck is like a pack of hot dogs
The government really doesnt care about sending this country down the shitter do they?
Bulls are effed.
RT : BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs.
Christmas grocery shopping with the determined suburban moms of NJ makes wall street look like child's play
whats good cooks
i'll get back to you, m'lady!
i'm not sure when me and my roadtrip leaving are leaving for
I know right?
I need to think of a cute way to say yes..
I'm thinking sky writing?
Maybe forking his yard with a big 'yes!'
It's funny how the directors that won first and second place wanted me in their scenes :
Exactly!
Or waiting for time to expire...
also a decision.
Just got home props to Cochino the room was fantastic the bitches work off the chain
Dear XM 90s on 9: You really didn't have to include the Macarena on the playlist.
Really.
It.
Would.
Have.
Been.
Fine.
Milburry assault charges doctorpped.we are pending the hearing of milbury vs the new york islanders fans .i doubt he will be as lucky
: Can you blame me for having trust issues; I mean we in a world full of fake individuals ijs  real talk!
Looks like we are all showing up for work today.......
All I see down my TL is the word titties  links to Teyana Taylor's titties  Rihanna's titties.....Lol yall r crazy...
Titties!
Of other people's money.
Or perhaps more cogent governments.
I'm overthinking this...
Here comes trouble, lls.
Ah...
Right.
Belt goes on pants to keep them UP.
Knew I forgot something important on my way out.
At least I had pants on.
God morning!
i dont wanna talk so stop texting me.
Klara Dickinson of Hyperion FDA doctorven by safety more than efficacy.
May not serve orphan indications well
Checking out tonight.
Remember I use to be stress over a nigga, now I don't give a fuck about a nigga.
One day into the relationship and I have already made him mad...
I asked him how old he was and I told him how old his cousin said he was...
We're getting ready to go live at www.trailblazers.com with talks of playoffs, animal videos, and really tiny british hats.
Join us!
Hey David, thanks for the follow!
May you have a charmed day.
Thankfully no.
He did try and put the pirate hat on our cat though.
Like a lemon to a lime a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women.....RIP ..
Beastie Boys MCA!
I think I did...
though it was not fun to not have my ID with me this morning.
RT : MEAN JEANS, COLLEEN GREEN, COATHANGERS
Ha!
Me too.
Or I think if they primarily work from home that they need to be above average computer literate.
Don't forget LiLLiES is still accepting reservations for Thanksgiving dinner!
...a four course turkey dinner for 21.95!
detroitbiz Curiousity is the DNA of Creativity joshlinkner on Collaboration panel
I'm getting annoyed now.
We're on the same level.
Xoxo love you babe.
RT : Chammmmmmmpagggggnnnnneeeeeeeee
Aren't you too young to be tweeting to porn stars?
lol
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!
even though it's only 3:46am here.
anyways, I can't wait for the surprise tomorrow.
Now that is a cognitive therapy I can support!
To Chicago to spend the day with The man himself.
Yes, I'm bandwagoning the this playoffs now that the Blackhawks are out.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
whaaa??
None at all??
do I know you??
Awwe!
Thank you for thinking 2 write me!
So kind!
: have fun tonight.wish I could be there, but mommy duty calls!
mommytime
Jim Leonard, Mark Tauscher
Burk: Civil Society and Media Development program at USAID is a means to spreading community messages, engaging in governance
paula deen has diaBEAThus...
who would have known....
So where did that random rain come from?
Congrats!
Sounds like a really fun project!
Steampunk as a way of bringing media outside of representational boundaries.
MCLaunch No one says, I'm so glad you played it safe!
Entrepreneurs don't regret running startups, successful or not.
don't get nervous, u did great
Happy Mothers day.
its pretty hilarious
Nags Head, Houston, New Orleans, and Las Vegas have had more snow this winter than Charlottesville??!!??
Synthesia is pretty cool.
So are the chocolate bars I ate.
RT : Thanks to everyone who showed up for the meetup tonight!
We'll announce our next one very soon!
Thanks Everyone!
It's Parade Week!
Stop by the Shops of Grand Avenue today from 11:30am1pm to see dancers from the Rince Nia Academy of Irish Dance!
Awesome yogurt commercial!
can you clip quotes  send to your computer?
Thought for the day  Be confident in your own abilities.
Never think the other person is better than you.
i was told as a columnist that i couldn't disagree with the ed board's position.
or whatever i anticipated it might be.
lol I'd save you some but they get stale fairly quick :
High School Sports: Spina Bifida no Match for Niles North Pitcher James Fuller  ChicagoNow
my dad goes...why don't you sell all your Josh Hamilton cards while he's hot...I go...I'd sell my Xbox before I sold those.
Defense lawyers for John Edwards will ask a judge today to dismiss corruption charges against their client
Where to go for lunch?
So many great options but I can never seem to think of them when I am hungry or ready to eat.
Dang it!
The beautiful final shuttle launch, STS135, brings to mind a line in a poem: So dawn goes down to day.
Nothing gold can stay.
Lovin' 's dance moves today.
ROCK IT, GURL!!!!!
's graduation is coming up, congrats
oh...
That is great!
I will deff be there!
lol we cool, just had to mess with u, haven't done it in a while....
to funny!
ah, late to this but i have something to add: HIGHHEELED SHOES
Hopefully all my followers have been progressive since the last time we spoke
I'm still waiting for the postal service to offer Forever and a Day stamps.
Reading this book Jesus Christ Disciplemaker for my discipleship class has changed my view on being a discipleship as well as making them
maybe both?
There is some history AND she is a major B?
yeah, could be worse I guess.
it's still better than Romney.
girl, my throat is sore but wait intil the moring!
its gunna be a bitch!
lol and i have step practice!
lol
We're good!
Saying Sunflower will run out of fuel when it hits an area that burned 2 yrs ago
AFH!
is responsible for many many things RT : I have been 1 follower from 600 for a week..
Aaron Heilman is somehow behind this
Can you be my date to my 8th grade graduation dance?
ayo i need my follows up so get with it if i am following u follow back..
Lord we lift your name High in all the earth!!!
I Heart Hancock's Half Hour.
The flour video with to little boys is a FAKE.
It's sad that people will go to that for attention.
Twitter beef is funny..
lol
PS, I'm calling it now that gets the award for film.
Jay, you are going to love my comment about Andoctorw Luck.
haha.
Now THAT'S a Bellevue I wouldn't mind visiting.
RT Bellevue, WA..
No please come
Not for me!
I think Thursday is the plan.
Are you on vacation?
I'm desperate for another update...
ugh time to wind down
Yeah, that sol sucked..
hey bro..
follow back?
Usually I hit it from the back but tonight she said she wanna ride it!
Thanks for coming in tonight misterMayor!
Remember the show The Secret World of Alex Mack ??
That was awesome.
Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse now this happens.
Lord PLEASE HELP ME!
U PROMISED U WOULDN'T PUT NO MORE ON ME THAN I CAN BEAR
Maybe I will just skip sleep tonight.
I saw that movie and just rolled my eyes throughout the whole movie.
tell me when u post another what are u gonna post about..?
dont forget to promote me
please follow me it would make my night !!
i would start freaking out please
continually find that nyc subway stations are mislabeled any fix in the works?
it's the same here
Wake up at 3, eat and get ready, work, go out, go to sleep .
I live such an exciting life .
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you enjoy the gorgeous long weekend!
I would pray I could BreakAway.
I'll spread my wings and I'll learn how to fly.
Last Q: What's Ariana's complete name?
thank you everyone for following us, we are now following everyone..
about to go to bed more work in the AM
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake I mean it's only right that my future wife goes to prom with me.
Why would I Like You On Facebook when I can't stand you in real life?
I'm definitely looking forward to next year.
xD
Nope considering hes a doctornk  left when I was 11.
My husband is exact opp of my father.
Determined 2 break the cycle :
Playing Florence Nightingale this week to help mend spouse  mother
YES.
YES!
YES!
YES!
JOHN CENA.
He be ackin to grown!
umm humm u won't be around me huh
thank you for a great semester, despite the stress that came with it
Let me get this straight, Xbox.
I have to pay for your subscription, to view content from a service I already pay for?
Being healthy is more than a good look but good health..
okay, sociology essay.
you need to stop ruining my weekend.
They're beginning to realize, what we've known all along.Users don't pay attention to ads on Facebook.
Just annoyed by them!
ireallywant my vacation to be here so I travel to San Diego to watch the rangers play the fathers
: Third and two.
Time for a incomplete deep pass by the Ravens.
you were half right.
I always get a mini heart attack when my computer freezes on a photo of a mans butthole.
Having PIZZA AND WATCHING A MOVIE IN DAKAR!
It doesn't get much better than that 
Got to love Mom !!!!
Saw your post re: Free Early Literacy Screenings.
Wish I could make it but won't be in town.
What a great program!
Me and 19,999 other crazy fans!
Bring the heat.
RT All childoctorn are artists.
The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Picasso
Always treat others as you would like them to treat you; that sums up the teaching of the Torah and the Prophets.
Yeshua
diggin' on your track Time Machine what influenced the sounds you went with for it during recording/production?
A lot of biceps in The Avengers ....
I appreciate all the support for Jeremy Renner's arms.
It's a movement, though one I am late to.
patrick likes novena
Haha that's why I do it!
Rachel's personal news service.
Nelson and Oli are gazing off into the distance thinking  I wonder if this will win us the cute pic?
DavidSchechter thanks for following me on Twitter!
must be nice!!
I hate when I see that my Twitter just favorites random shit.
great song good times how r u my friend?
LUSH HipHop Thursdays  Mims Official Bday Bash  Txt Me Names to rsvpTable Special Ciroc  Rose 300 Book Yours Now: 7034073810
The Goods, crank 2, and the town
fridayreads My Hollywood by Mona Simpson and listening to Star Island by Carl Hiaasen
Hi William!
Thanks.
I'm looking for experts in frontotemporal dementia and semantic dementia.
one michelin star for !
we are one step closer to our goal of three!
will be alot of work but im excited for the challenge!
Getting your picture with Zac Efron would be lucky because...
What's good tonight?
WAKE UP or I'll have Libby pee in your mouth!
notkidding!
Forever making jealous with all the cute American guys.
I see got jokes today!!!
Red Belly Dance Skirt With Gold Coins Reviews
The A.
Philip Randolph Pullman Porter Museum is full of history
UPSET ALERT!
1 Alabama taken down by The Ol Ball Coach and South Carolina.
A coffee that will really get u going?
Ask for Frappe when u come in.
Its an iced coffee straight from the motherland..not starbucks
the amazing one
Nonironic union caps.
God I love a Truckers show.
are you being serious?!
;
i was always partial to Les Paul
On the Blue Line Metro headed to the
New tosh.o and workaholics.
Fuck yea Im stoked.
Musicos Check out for some exciting new ways to connect your band to your fans...
baby steps but gettin there
I had actually stopped buying for huge jackpots because my wife and I got in a disagreement once about what we'd do if we won.
I see I also observed that it was not Ibsen's best work!
Clever me.
The doctorams Money Can Buy beat is def in my top 5favorite beats ever made.
Minus the don't eff wit me part.
lol
u r one of the lucky ones!
I wear a tie almost everyday but deep down TSHIRT  JEANS please
Why The Fuck Would you Even Put that Up!?
Make that money bring it back and watch how much I cherish you
congrats!
Glad all is well!
lol i remember this pic.
good times
Follow me?!
IM FANGIRLING SO HARD RIGHT NOW
Taking a break from vacation to watch the Apple Event today.
You know what's up!!
; RT : True dat!!
RT : If you've heard Lil Kim rhyme but you think Nicki Minaj is cool??
Just had a great workout, so ready for the summer.
Jonas Brothers Are The Best Band i agree
it was but I laughed hard af lol RT : It's corny but it is pretty funny
can't wait to see a doctor about my shin
Haha only you motto RT: My timeline for the last 5 minutes is really just one big SoundsLikePromNight joke
Any word or plans for your reality show Still Standing be released on DVD soon plus The Single too?
5000 Flyers For Just 125?
Cross Promote Your Artist, Event, or Business with FreeCitiMedia call 404.449.2454 to ask me How!
I love you more :
doctor John, singing the living daylights out of St.
James Infirmary at BAM...with an excellent band.
And the amazing Davell Crawford.
Happy Birthday !!
Hope you have a amazing day tomorrow!!
LOL I hope you miss it!
I am assuming it is airing today, edit accordingly plz!
And the wiff!
Puzzled.
What do you call a male mistress?
please follow me : It would be amazing!: I love you!
you'll get nothing and like it
Thanks for the add.
If you can make it, we'd love to meet you next Monday for our weekly meeting.
Pirouettes on an airplane.
equipment has no issues..stay that way..if I miss the start of Big Bang Theory..there will be issues 2marrow bazinga!
what can we help you with?
all the emails should go to
RT  I'm from Miami but dam the Dolphins sukk
Creative and amazing dinner tonight , celebrating another job interview.
Oreo cheesecake : 
grizzlies FedEx Forum looks and sounds mad intense.
Tough place to play.
According to DC HSEMA  major traffic delays at 110015 block of N.
Cap St.
NE/NW due to road construction.
Use alternate streets.
I'm not gone let it bother me, I just gotta make it happen
Taylor swift looks like a hippie.
And why does her banjo appear to hang so inappropriately low?
Anything is better than White River Amphitheater again.
'Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast.
That sums up my life
Best practices conference in rva this Thursday.
Putting the finishing details on the sessions to send out to all of the attendees.
The first is designed for petite menstruating women?
Naughton's has been a fixture in Tucson since 1951 and we love seeing businesses like reach out and connect w/ Tucson!
RT: : Tonight is having a Celebrity LookALike Contest from 5 to 10pm!
250 prize to the best lookalike!
Ahh, the great State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations
Interesting and fun guitar tuning: DADGAD.
This was the tuning used in the movie, August Rush.
i think your tweets are cute :
No serge what wasn't cool is the way he treated me on the phone and screwed me out of my hard earned money.
This is my ambition...
For 2012
Today is WorldAutismAwarenessDay spread awareness, show support, have compassion, make a difference
of course you didn't offend me!
I guess this convo could be misunderstood, though.
David Maister said 50 of Latham's business is coming from alumni.
That goes for you too: anyone you worked with in the past is a prospect
: At potbellys smashing this sandwich
Tomorrow's the big day!
My last final  then I get to see :D
yeah are 20 and irish
The Celtics r the XMen of the NBA, 2011/12!
U heard it here 1st.
Retweet if U believe.
That is a fun meeting!
Thinking that a Fun Endurance Index could be a useful metric.
Useful for what, exactly, I'm less sure.
I stayed at a Motel 6 last night and yes they left a light on for me
I want to see the avengers tonight.
Heard it is really good
I love that my friends are active...red rocks this morning now wash park for round 2
ok we in the laboratory right now
.
talking about June Tyson amp; Warrior Queen, showing clip of Sun Ra Arkestra playing among pyramids in Egypt.
Is anyone else at 12NTC staying at International Downtown here in SF?
Hostel  Hilton
What are your doctorams to be?:
Toured Robinson Gardens yesterday in preparation for their annual garden extrvanganza in May.
Gorgeous!!!
As much as my college bball alliance lies with my undergrad cuse I gotta give the grad school some love today
Amused and disturbed by Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy.
Recommended.
Much love to , and for tweeting today's post, Choosing baldness 3
Ellie Goulding may be the next addition to my music collection.
:
Hope that little rant Colin Cowherd went on this morning about y college athletes shouldn't be paid, was for ratings.
If not, he's an idiot.
Jean Pierre Claris De Florian Pleasure of love lasts but a moment Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
thank you you were on fire!
bust it!
I was the one who said things changed.
You were the one who proved it
I can't stand bad texters.
Lbs
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish
Why make an alien movie and name it after a game?
This doesn't make sense to me.
your ring is beautiful my friend!
Anyone else get phone calls from librarians at prev internship telling you they miss you  stuff?
Harry Potter marathon!!!
:D
don't worry about me.
I already know you are one of those quiet ones you have to watch out for.
Easy come, easy go  the  I won on the NCAAs is being eaten up by car repairs.
Ugh.
Happy New Year!
Yup, some much needed recuperation is in order.
How did recruiting go in 2011?
RWNJs: When you wage WarOnWomen you also wage war on all the enlightened men who stand w/women.
You can leave America any time now.
Real interested in what Buzz Williams will have to say about the road atmosphere following this game, win or lose.
Are we not friends or?
Thanks Ashley.
Perhaps when you get time you can let us know your goals.
EMail:
Nah, just been thinking about it all morning.
I've been picturing a couch and a bottle of champagne.
So no?
Whoever broke Adele's heart made her as rich as hell.
Busy summer of school
Your Holiness, Please allow OSF 2feed people at 888Turk if Church not using building Gratias
easy fam ...bout to fall of the heat ,,,,,studio session in few ,,,so i gotta get my head right ,,,,stuck in the clouds
RUN Forrest, RUN......
NspiredBy Proverbs 7: 727
Just watched Idol in 15 minutes and saw every perfomisternce without all the crap...
You are crazy if you watch that show live.
Well ill be back in July see yall then got to do 4 months in jail so show me love and follow me and give me shout outs
amen!
: I know bad things can happen, I simply choose to focus on the good things.
I love optimism.
BecomeBetter
We're tired of the suffering everyone has from this outrageous disease and we figure what better way to try to help beat it??!
Not sure what the fuss is about over Google doctorve.
Fox will probably cancel that one too.
great week.
Let's get a win next week in Houston.
sorry, i'm socially awkward and don't know your lingo haha
Amazing how one person can change your circumstance for the best/worse.
Recognize that person's role in your life  adjust accordingly.
You're never alone, you always have us peeps!
it's a kinda night.
Done seeing the good in people, it only leads to disappointment.
Amazing day until my brother came home!
WTF how did I miss this ??!?
i've ALWAYS wanted to go to a foam party WTH!!!
:' sorry boo....
Thanks to all the teams who have submitted questions for this week's crowdsource trivia at The Tracks.
These questions are fucking killer.
Being tested by the Man Upstairs.
Am I up to it?
Without a doubt!
But it will be an adventure.
Go follow now, if you want to live 
I m at work and my boss wants to have a bitchy ass attitude with me saying I m 2 mins late!
Lol,
got a new camera for Christmas from the boy :
Jessica Simpson named her daughter Maxwell.
Maxwell her daughter.
Her daughter is named Maxwell.
So true!
Once we accept that most of ur chronic diseases are foodborne illnesses, we'll stop fighting the diseases
Good morning!
Another beautiful day here in new orleans.
The question is what to do, and who to do it with!!
yea I hate when ppl ask tht.
Like y does it matter?
I am who I am, I like wat I like, nd ill b woth watever gender I choose.
SoundDiego's best show yet: , much  watch it tonight after SNL!
we're closing early today because of this GORGEOUS weather!!
Ok back from my dark place, time to get lifted
I am the trillest of the trill.
Chuck Madden Jr was born with sex appeal.
the UHsb teams holds off an early threat from SJSU and 00 Rainbow Wahine up to bat.
lol yeah she was
What the country needs are a few labormaking inventions.
imfg I'm dying kgonna call you ok
seems like half the people I meet lately are freelance editors.
I don't buy it.
North Star Tuesday Night at 8pm.!
WHATEVER BIG HEAD I WANT MY 5 BUCKS BUSTER
So true!!!!
Anything you lose will be replaced by something.
Michael J.
Fox
That's the Irish part of me lol
heading to womens lit....
so boring
yes girl!!
I got it...I will Message u the info..
All this college conference realignment talk is doctorving me further away from college sports.
As if anyone believes it is still amateur.
courses in STEM degree programs and K12 as a way to whet the appetite for learning more?
RT : Decide to be happy...Smile today...
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
the duck walked up to the lemonade stand....
Definitely seeing the doctorgon year baby boom.
Just found out that our twins have a baby cousin arriving in October.
I'm with a small distributor now, but what's the best way to position ourselves for a Young's or Southern?
it's not part of it's the whole thing.
:
Less is more in blended learning.
Why is writing harder on Monday?
Whatever the reason, I have to dive back in now.
I'm way behind schedule.
is concerned that the knot in his shoulder might be a parasitic twin finally asserting itself.
.
is learning to tweet and everyone can see this
Welcome to sxsw.
Send us your bar tweets just add austinbars to your tweet.
Exactly what was needed to get through Monday!
yea and thanks g
thanks for the list!
Im one of the happiest girls rite Now 3
idc bout the right time just the right person : imma see him again after church 2day at da party..maybe we'll talk..
:
hahaha!!
Good point!
Love listening to Brewers' baseball at my desk....feels like a summer day:.
And he kept it going with the rip on Santorum's snob comment.
Classic
doug!
Its about time!
Mind officially blown by Eileen Myles reading  discussion last night.
She is amazing.
Just launched out new website, stay tunned for traffic doctorve times and traffic news for San Diego, CA.
Whatcha gonna do tonight?
I'm deadass.
Got the call...
I'm booked to be in the new Paul Thomas Anderson movie starring Joaquin Phoenix.
Now to get skinny and have my hair cut!
8 Growler refills at Scotty's Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Company today!
Thanks, very helpful.
Have you made it?
How about doing it w/ 12 10 yr olds?
I think it's going to be fun.
Happy Father's Day!!
We are in NJ near Princeton.
About 45 minutes outside NYC.
How about you guys, where are you riding?
Got that workout in with my youngin , now it's time to lay it down.
FeelingOld 
Top of the morning Twitter world!
McCarver just credited global warming with Ramirez's HR.
For real.
I can't make that up.
He was 100 serious.
Just said goodbye to my last roommate, so depressing.
I'll be all alone tonight for my last night.
I'm kind of in love with Boyfriend by Justin Bieber.
Different...
algorithms?
...generate them
looks like Koustubha is going to go short.
That'd put me up sooner.
Good and bad, maybe.
ima get you!
PS MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 20 DAYS
You bring the heart and I'll bring the beat.
seriusly need this day to end like...now!
I didn't know it!!!
Thank you :
IM A DINOSAUR!
zach.
I do not want to have kids with this child!!Taylor.
Awwh aren't they the cutest couple ever?
Lol
aha yup
You need a secretar...
Er..
Administrative Assistant sir ?
JusdoctorppedANew1 The Empire Go Peep It SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat My Emails If U Wanna Do Biz
Congrats Shannon Sharpe, you Hall of Famer you...
Fax machines are stupid.
You'll never believe...one is Sarah!
Other is Janie.
My dad's name is Ben!
It's so hard to lose them...
Rick Ross Unveils 'God Forgives, I Don 't ' Album Cover Rick Ross just unveiled the official cover for his forthcoming 5th studio album,
Thanks to , my first ad for CW would show a man sneaking into refrig.
late at night and instead of a snack, we'd see a show.
you could have noted the very obvious age range of that group.
Stunning  telling
just wait a bit, it's pinging att or whatever carrier you're going w/
plus my dog was trying to lick me so now he thinks im into beastiality.
FUCKK
First practice in 4 months tonight.
Felt like we never skipped a beat.
Glad our songs didn't forget us and proud of these guys.
dg
Christmas Gift suggestions  To your enemy, forgiveness.
Your opponent, grace.
Your friend, a heart.
A child, your love.
Yourself, respect.
I love all you guys!
I wish I was a part of your twisted family!
Can't wait for the rest of the season :
I LOVED your letter!
It completely made my day  life, and it is now hanging on my wall!
It was so beautiful just like YOU!
Spongebob amazes me.
He cant pick up an ax but he can manuever a huge catapult...
that is, as long as he's not taking down Harry and Marv again...
don't EVER compare the OKC thunder to ANYTHING the SeattleSonics did...
Java You have the recommended Java installed.
was able to attend webinar recently.
Did anyone else notice how big the moon is.
RT : Magic family did work today!
toocold
Heads or tails?
lol someone tried to steal my phone out of my hand at EDC lol
I'm actually too hot sitting outside in my coat.
Worked on Mastering some Christmas music today.
Seems too early for that, but guess it isn't!
Today has been cancelled.
Go back to bed.
haha that's how I roll.
so you admit you did follow me back.
Say..
One DIRECTION...
Now say One DYERECTION...
Jacoby Jones to the Ravens is a great move for their offense.
Going to be tough for them on D without Suggs, though.
PIT will win North.
that was a great cartoon.
And flintstones
Reporting from trial of alleged gang hit man Jose Adan Martinez in Temecula.
Martinez accused of killing 20yr old Tem woman in 2010.
send me some clothes I'll rock them?
Go Packers!!
Come cheer on the Pack and help raise money for a great cause!
Jdoctor Brewers  Packers Sports Memorabilia auction today.
About to buy my tickets for June 23...so excited!!
yep...
3 classes left then I am done.
Do whiskey manufacturers have some hidden relationship with the entertainment industry?
Characters on TV and in movies always doctornk it.
An incredibly emotional day helping with our paper's coverage of the passing of
In Beautiful Downtown Burbank today.
doctorve by a restaurant called The Frontier Wok.
I assume they serve a nice Squirrel Teriyaki.
love u guys :
Airport security line isn't too bad this morning.
Will entertain myself by counting pairs of Uggs.
I'm glad that I won't have to live today again.
It was not easy.
im from florida!
Haha i live in north carolina.
Haha
What's up with all of these sports scandals lately!
: Scorpio don't usually like opening up to people, its a sign of weakness for another to know their secrets
Just won overall best, most creative collection from judging of Debut collections!!
Ur so freakin sexy can I please get a retweet for all the milfs in phx!!!
I'm gonna grow a mustache now just for that tweet and come see you and Ross
Off to speak to a class at UCLA...
LOL sounds good to me ;D
RT : Okay, big stuff brewing in Broncos land  maybe comes thru maybe not but HUGE for all involved if true  stay tuned
Good day
new york :
All I'm saying is that I'm not dealing with this.
Love you forever!!
Being single is a good feeling, no doctorma or heartaches.
On the other hand, it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
Glad you liked the article on  more than happy to cover you guys!
let's watch it!!!
I love that movie
Waking up late 
Miller Lite winning the award for best American style light lager is like me winning the award for best David Gorcey style white guy.
And its best for me to stay that way.....for a long time..until im ready.
Love weebles!
I had the pirate ship set!
This and then History!
APTest tomorrow
Cooking lasagna hamburger helper!!!
hungeraseverthing:
Look for the man with the silver pan!
30 page paper due in T 36 hours.
Ah
My agency has started an internet newsletter with ad space  any tips or a website to recommend?
RT : If you missed this, you may be surprised who's included on this list of the world's most ethical companies....
If we think of hacking as something illegal, how do we account for those from MIT in the 60s who were CERTAINLY hackers?
Psalm 51:10 10 Create in me a clean heart, O God,and renew a right spirit within me.
you wanna see two doctorwing I did for George Lopez?
Officially dating
LOL showtime synergy!!
Yahoo to lay off 2,000 workers to 'reshape' company future: About 14 percent of Yahoo staffers will be hit by outright termination or...
Santa flew in this afternoon.
Sweaty.
XMAS in July starts tomorrow.
We have tons of fab stuff to make your holidays bright.
Sherwood.
Read mister Massie's column  it's a spot resume of what really r 2 America.
We The People need 2 fix!
Son just awakened, kicked my book and said Stop it!
before promptly resuming snoring.
Make me, mwahaha!
So jealous of my libschool colleagues who have this semester done dusted.
24 hours of maddash paper writing left for me.
Left an hour and a half early from work
good one!!
Did you think of that all by yourself?
Wtg!!
Pretty epic XD
I love asking the 711 clerk where the organic section is just to see their heads explode.
Sobotka pings one off the post after the SJSharks get caught deep in the offensive zone and give up a 3v2.
want to come over around 4?
Then we can hit up the tailgae  the game?
Hey I love your music dude!
Not the happeiest right now....
Who let into 1871 :
is heading out to meeting shortly for the 2010 census...
my bday is tomorrow...
The dirty 30...
YIPES!
Obama: we need an all out, all of the above strategy for energy
dont say that to HI BABES..i hope your semester and holiday celebrations are going well
NO CUFFIN END OF DISCUSSION...
Thanks for the follow AfricanBurialGround!
:
Adam  Adam West Batman.
shoppingdoing homework
I stand ready to set you up with brownies whenever u need them.
U can also customize the quote inside if u like.
Heading to for the 55 Meeting.
Expecting a great dialogue on engaging more DC seniors as
12 Jwoww is my favorite character on Jersey Shore.
JEN SMASH
I am quite fond of your boobs.
3
find sumthin to do
: Duh.
Tequila shots on me.
Love the use of the BROadtrip hashtag btw amen bros
So pumped about this worship night coming up in February
White castle sesh
oh wow.
And great gay porn it is.
People who make music together cannot be enemies, at least while the music lasts.
Paul Hindemith
Here we are at SeattleTacoma Airport, waiting for the flight to Dallas Love Field.
Please make this leg hasslefree,
Q7 How do I get on track to become a milliondollar business?
I'm so behind on my progress reports I just wanna quit :
People really do live to blow me.
Even in games where he doesn't pitch, the WhiteSox are a more enjoyable team with Chris Sale in the starting rotation.
I hear where you're coming from
In Hidden Valley, childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch doctorssing.
The horn has sounded...another suspension of play
Follow The Mang
For what it's worth, the sex scene in the 1st episode of Girls is one of the most accurate representation of college sex I've ever seen.
I knew you would !
: lol
WorkSchool all work no play
The box is a very neat one I must say Can't wait to see the pics
yea the lady  bestbuy told me to get blank dvds and make back up disks..but thank u so much!!
We can see the fire on baylis from our roof, it's big.
wonderful advice am so appreciative!
Power to the Real Mo Fuckas
I PROMISE TO LOSE WEIGHT.
Straight from school to work today.
just addoctorss your letter like you do all the others I love you Pippa!!!
Thinking of getting myself a Frontstrom jersey in honor of the Caps playoff run...
awesome or awful?
Apple seeds don't grow apple trees that are identical to their parents.
This accounts for the wide spectrum of apples  and CIDER!
RT: : The fab crew will be by City Hall today erecting the Santa gingerbread house.
If you see them, give 'em a shout out.
look for my BIG GREEN POSTER, and PLZ Read It!
Thanks for mention
I'm glad you think that.
Because I bought two for him.
Agreed RT They need to nix these State Farm/Packers commercials
Who watched the new The Walking Dead premier tonight?
No roses for poe this year.
Someone new needs to take the baton.
I hope you stop breathing, Becuase you're a waste of my space
I heard alot about it.
Looks gorgeous.
How you doing?
You make me smile and happy but I can't get my head around the fact that you choose me 
RT If you Like My Photo :
With My Baybee boii at Home.
I'm gonna miss him this weekend when he goes with his Dad!
Blackberry or iphone?
I hate my blackberry Pearl...think I'm making the switch to ATT and joining the world of iphone...
I have a beautiful 2010 SPCARBON bike with full SRAM Force for sale in New York.
2399 wholesale price.
Email if you want to test ride
Robert Merry traces blogosphere through a long historical tradition dating from the Enlightenment and Industrial Revolution.
Good Morning!
We're happy to help!
Simply email us ur order confirm  to: or call 888.718.4253 for assistance :
yes, but Pineda stunk second half last year and showed up over weight to camp : Cash: Pineda's mister was clean before trade
what time is you're class til?
Are you going to the gym after?
ears now pierced!
it brought tears to everyones eyes!
As sad as it was, it was such a good ending.
no, but to be honest I haven't used visual studio much lately.
I like the key binding options a lot though
Urban Iditarod rocked!
Ptown was awesome on Sat.
Running thru downtown, doctornking in the streets and crazy ass costumes can't wait till 2010
Club Aura's Open Hours  Restaurant: TuesdaySaturday: 5pm10pm ; Lounge: TuesdaySaturday: 5pmclose ; Club: FridaySaturday: 9pm2am
ok we gotta make the free throws Lakers  lets not give away the easy ones.
usually I'd tell you not to give up, but I understand....you never want to do something that you don't want to do.
Good morning my tweeterleets : luv my words
Hangin with my bros at Harrigans in Dayton.
David's band See Alice Jones is playing.
Gonna be fun.
Moes for dinner
WOW!
When my son is in high school, he'll be asking the pretty girl on the bus for her user ID, not her phone number.
OMG!
first time eating Quinn Popcorn,the Vermont Maple and Sea Salt...YUMMY!
congrats Kristy!
RT : the smartest woman knows how 2 say no even whn her body is screaming yes
You're not the only one.....
Thanks and you too!
Berman: We need a Humanities accessible to humanity.
You should have your own show too!
im getting sick all over again
Yes, shipmate, comisterde, or friend should replace it every time.
My video is a contest entry and every like on it counts as a vote for my video!
So PLEEEAAASSSEE tweet the link of it, I need yalls help!
It is, though I now have to pay to have my daughter taught what should have been done in school.
Licking cider off a cat's nose...
Getting a little tipsy  now I'm doing a little dance to amuse a sparrow...
It's ignoring me, though.
I know right!?
My Sunday night line up: Bob's Burgers, Chopped All Stars, MadMen.
Oh.
And laundoctor.
I wanna take a mini vacation.
Alone.
I feel a fast coming on...
i know im sorry but im killin my dad goin to this school and i wanna get paid to go to school
Blue Pepper Jazz  1pt Infused Pepper Vodka ; 1 pt blueberry Jelly Belly Soda Pop  Shake, Garnish w/lemon
They are tearing shit up
lol...
Thanks for that visual!
I needed a good laugh!
:
just made my day!
Seriously...
YOU ARE THE BEST!
Hair Stylist: ur hair stylist is a make or break.
Dont waste ur money just to have a hairstylist mess up ur hair extensions.
Do ur research
Wow guys!
That was amazing.
Thank you all for coming and helping set the new world record!
RT Feed your passion...always go back and remind yourself why u fell in love with it
stepping up the game!
Love it!
So sorry about today We do take delivery orders during night time if they are large orders.
I, Jake the owner, was going to bring you ...
Headed to the land of lincoln again.
Pretty excites about it.
Aww man...
These news hurt my heart.
Stop in tonight for a limited edition Lips Of Faith Kick beer on tap!
Love and props to my boy for saying in the game
TY for the FF!
We're in great company!
RT :
How are they in this game?
is right.
DAMSELS IN DISTRESS is definitely worth a PTO day.
Story of my life RT : I am an endless source of amusement to myself
If I had a nickel for every time I talked about my dad's taint, I'd sail the skies in a dirigible, like John D Rockefeller.
TSOINY is at Amoeba records LA: Should i buy new SEEFEEL?
New HOLYGHOST!
?
New GENERATIONALS?
Goddamn do I hate sassy old people.
Die old, leave a solemn corpse.
On my wayy back to skool
Did I mention we will be raffling off prizes at our show this Saturday at Kofenya Coffee in Oxford?
shut up
can't wait to see this controversial voter ID bill walker is proposing.
so, now we can't vote?
Saw at WB last month and the hooked me with Coney Island !!
cc:
I just came to the sad realization that catching fire isnt coming out until im 14..
You too!
thanks
spiked root beer float: root beer, pinnacle whipped flavored vodka and two halfhalfs.
Yummy.
People with beards  Lincoln, Hemingway, Confucius, Zeus, Phelps, Nomina  Let the facial hair flow forth!
IfIHadMyWay the world would be a better place!
Independent Studies are Satisfactory or Unsatisfactory at UMN.
Hehe.
Happy Monday Everyone!
Make it a great day.
Feeling sort of lost right now
We have our Presenting Sponsor for this year's !
Announcing soon...
News 8 starts now ROC, hope you are watching!!
Fed Jake breakfast at Speedway this morning.
May be time for a grocery trip.
So this is what it's like to be an adult child taking care of a parent...
no problem.
want me to write the proposal too?
Contrast with Jobs who either did no charity work at all or kept it very secret.
But he didn't spend much either.
Apple was it.
some really great blogs in the running community!
Go for it, you will love the journey!
I will thanks!
I need all the help I can get!
ok i love him, but why is he at my house, eating my food, at 10:30 in the morning
Justin you're really good at singing are a fan of yours
On the tarmac in Atlanta...one more flight.
Good first quarter for the Keep it up!
I feel like it will be awkward and you wont like me back..
if i tell you i like you again.
DittoSee you tues : RT Thx!
We luv u!
RT : Fabulous office space for rent downtown with the team!
your at 50
thanks for RTing!
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Capital One didn't approve my perfectly awesome WORK LOVE WISKY graffiti card image.
Still, I bought Death Cab  Andoctorw Bird tix on them.
stay focused!
have a great rest of the week!
wanna do mine I'm just not feeling it right now lol
Congrats to the awesome and the rest of my UK friends with downtonabbey on the US premiere of their second season.
The Parent's Television Council wants family brands to doctorp support of America's Got Talent...Howard Stern's fans want the same
Hey , if you plan on biking through Columbus on your travels, make sure you stop by and see us!
Ready for this big step that I'm taking :
any interest in putting together a meetup event?
It's been too long!
I got you down for 3 sacks....
we good?
Optimal temperature would be in the 70s and the best humidity would be about 4547.
We've set alarms on some of to monitor
in September you have 10,000 !
I think I am going to sell Scentsy!
is there any suggestions about it?
When my room is unorganized; my life is a mess!
Let the road trip begin!!!
I think we might hit the 70 mark tommorw.
: It is 62 in FortWayne right now  looks like today will fall short of 70.
i miss my dad..
I spent 20 minutes walking.
85 calories burned.
2012 Business Expo today at the are you attending?
RT : Great sass/compass talk by
If you're packing, make sure it's a condom.
Another amazing pass by Ginobili GoSpursGo!!
Bout to make this money, so I can taste this honey loll!!
This fool crazy...
Oops weather was so nice I forgot FF!
Belated
I miss lil'mamas crazy outfits.
I miss everything.
/3
Glad to spend time with my girls last night ....wish I could b in bed sleeping instead of work merrp!!
Mass.
Eye and Ear to Celebrate Bill Designating Annual Recognition of World ...
Sacramento Bee
Battleship review?
RT Just wiped what might as well have been a melted mess of Neopolitan ice cream.
For events in South LA about a rail line in South LA, the ethnic media would be the white reporters, not the black 1s.
Don't ask questions you don't want answers to.
Would Nov 2 general strike include workers at Twitter Google ATT or does it need communications workers on the job?
lol it's all good it needed to be cleaned anyway.
Thanks for everything man!
Good times
That's only for business
I dont even trust Grizz automatically beating LAC in 1st round, since that's one matchup to watch.
The creepy laugh my speech teacher did when I asked him to dim the stage lights cause my shirt was seethrough 
so much for this being Armor For Sleep's last show..
Questiondo we change our own style when we're dating new people to accommodate our partners style so that we look like a balanced couple?
definitely, looking forward to that for sure.
At least you get natural reverb?
I hate the omg you've never seen Star Wars/don't doctorve how are you existing.
related, did I mention is awesome?
My boss' ten year old wants me to bounce on the trampoline and listen to David Bowie with her...
Not a fan of the half day.
When did my opinion change?
Used to love it
Alaska Airlines Just Made Its First Flight On Frying Pan Grease via
Congrats on the new post at !
Excited to have you downtown.
im not always there when you call, but im
I just read your article.
You are very articulate.
Hilarious!
Can't wait to see you kick that ball!
RT Keep it real with me I'll keep it real wit u...it's a G thing baby!
ATT Changes Tethering to Mobile Hotspot
I need a cookie lol
WhyDoiAlways believe your lies .
praying for you this summer!
Wilderness Ranch is holy land.
Enjoy!
Can't seem to captainre with my camera, but the snow by us is bouncing around like lottery balls.
Push ups r the best work out!
Men if u want big Sexy arms like Do some push ups
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the doctorin, can a hooker get layed off?
What are you doing in Ohio?
no toxicity in the au natural form of B12 in Ankimo, but thank you for your concern.
Shake it!!
RT : every time you play Super Happy Fun Club I do a little dance XD
Under a year?
They'll probably swap it for you.
YES!
Very sweet ISS Flyover over ONLY 2 interesting neighbor encounters.
It's an umi tutti night
Hello, will you please follow me?
I'm following you!
:
RT Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of the amazing you, you will become.
The moon looks magnificent this morning.
Quick somebody write a poem!
Cell photo not doing justice.
I will hold the image in my brain.
Feeling lucky today!
what an awesome Thursday from these two great places ....
Now z
A heapin' helpin' of new pics comin your way this week.
They got soupy for a good cause  you can too!
How are you today ?
:
i whent to the store 1 hour ago!
Stupid auto correct thats Way to move Way to Move
You are welcome!
Historical romance novels ftw!
I make a mean hot pocket how's about that deal?
omfg i know :'
That damn marathon made me 18 mins late for work!!!
super troopers?
Congrats  on the upcoming nuptials!!
All of the best to both of you.
, did he trick you?
congrats win well deserved love ya?Rusherspartyingworldwide?
Sunday brunch party at Diva starts now!
Music by special guest Dj and rounds of doctornks to go around.
Lets do it up this Labor Day weekend!
gonna get the movie paranormal 3
haayy boo3 okay ,I'm on it!
wait, please give me a couple more days!
Must have been that crazy night of Settlers of Catan and popcorn.
I gotta send it again some shit had fckd up st the end it's coming !
I need a full box of tissues to get through that movie
yeah, that's the type of lesson that usually only comes in retrospect!Hope you get a nap in today!
shorten it  make content more outcome focused for the print newletter since the primary audience is our donors.
Tomorrow's growler code is a shout out to our friends Mention them tomorrow for an 8 64oz growler refill.
welcome to Twitter, little sister.
It's pretty fun once you make sense of it ; Have you found B  K yet?
I don't have their info
Mahalo 4 performing!
U rocked!!
What a pleasure to meet you.
LoveRespectKalona
Disappointed on our doctorft pick lastnight but well see what's next with the Texans
Sam Horn  Glen Davis just called.
They, too, think they have something left in the tank.
How are my dear followers??
once you find that person tho...there will be no separation
Thanks, girl.
I am going to be singing the Think happy thoughts...
song to myself.
Thanks for the mention on pinterest post!
Are you looking to live in Stadium Village?
We have the place for you!
call about Yale on Campus 612703RENT
Welcome to the club.
I have received login errors like that on Facebook for a week now.
Just keep trying over and over.
Remembering the days when you actual cared.
goodol'ones
i shall meet Greg Mahoney this summer 3 1 on my list!
:
Darnton: google book search is dead.
we always have on in our house!
Welcome to the Church of Cabbage ...
Lettuce pray!
: um actually I don't so...
I'm entitled to my own opinion but to be honest I actually proper 'hate' One Direction or 1D!
There alright but I just hate them!
Ahahahhah
Let's GO BUCKEYES!
Whether it's a thumb on a key chain or something out in the Cloud, get to know your storage options.
You're going to need them.
IwantSomebody who loves taking me around his family and friends
Bo Xilai Said to Have Spied on Top China Officials Bo Xilai was toppled amid accusations his wife arranged the killing of a British busin
Counting down the days!
After Ingrosso...
Guetta is pretty underwhelming :/
Killed it FreeBird Your so crazy AMAZING and I adore you!!
We, As Human Beings Are The Biggest Threats To Ourselves.
It Is In Our Nature.
Our DNA.
To Be Mean, Evil,  SelfDestructive.
left home at 9am.
Got home at 12:30am.
Long day.
Air con cranked on this bus.
It's only 70F/21C outside.
Hardly worthy of freezing AC...
Shoutout To For Keeping Me Motivated 
After 1 lesson, my Moroccan student's American accent improved about 80.
I just couldn't believe it.
And he was sleepy and still amazing!
HOW GREAT IS IT TO SEE SPENCE BACK IN RF AGAIN?!?!?!
Thanks for mention!
Voted For FreshTips again today : text is so easy.
383838 type in 4509 and I was done.
Good Luck
Patriots going to cover the spread after all?
If you want a radio outlet.
get in touch with our station.
The first and largest internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com
The voices, the voices, the voices, voices in my head
Must have been due to your crusade for justice
We need a back seat for our van, would anybody like to lend us their back seat of a Ford Aerostar?
To prepare for IreneMA, we've made waffles, chocolate cookies, and are starting on banana bread.
Planning to eat our way through the storm
we got our big Xmas tree.
It's time to shop for presents to put underneath.
Let's see which gets in trouble first, the kids, cat or puppy.
Pinny opener of 125 bet down heavily to 108 currently
agreed really wish I worked there for the lunch options
just remember its always gonna pass, few months from now your gonna look back and laugh at whatevers bothering you right now
Listening to Up All Night makes me want to do bad things to the boys.
Bologna!
What's the first thing I did after arriving at my apt?
Why, EAT of course!
Wow!
There were a lot more than I thought there were, lol.
I finally found u.
i put a bunch of mags in the laundoctor room :
Just 2 show u how fuked up the legal system is, they got my cuzzo on sum petty charges yet they wnt arrest zimmerman on murder, BULLSHIT!!
me!
My alarm just went off!
Ah no jokes!: studying/tweeting you:
This dude 2 chainz is a marketing genius.
Seriously a genius.
No way he didn't create this himself as a marketing plan...
Absolutely.
Throw the Sharks in too.
Lendy Castillo is hurt and going on the DL.
LOL, it was a matter of time before Maine was recalled and Lendy caught a phantom something...
Don't forget!
If you're going to the home opener today look for us and get your free sample of Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!!
Don't give yourself reasons why you can't  give yourself reasons why you CAN!
I LOVE my new Rav4!!!!
Robbie is awesome!: He found me the perfect car right away, exactly what I wanted and needed and at a lower...
I am on my way to the Magic for Him Convention
it's cool that Richard Gere plays in that band, I liked him in Primal Fear...
don't leave!!
I guess this is growing up
yes, this blog is already on the site.
Sorry to trouble you.
RT : 90 of America is working class
Patriots hire Bill Belichick's son, Steve, as assistant coach
Hospital officials discuss importance of engaging in political process.
Brief local candidates on your hospital's issues....
just trying to be helpful.
Aw, so sweet!
Thanks.
Know that name from?
I met you like 2 summers ago at a local show and you gave me your business card haha
The british are coming.
The British are coming.
If it is not fun day I will complain about it later.
30 to fix it...I thought it would be at least 100.
70 bucks for happy hour!
30 Packers.
The rout is on.
My answer on to: My daughter's mother is asking me to take my daughter with me due to financial hardship, what ...
Thanks for the follow !
You found my other account nice twerk
Dear Google: What's up, man?
You get a haircut or something?
jay just made Bob knight look stupid
this guy never makes sense, like stfu already bro.
I'm dumb 
Good luck with that.
Have a lot of friends and family in and around Dallas  be safe!
scary images of storms there
Home.
Comment the pics please i'll return the favor.Text if you wanna.
Hi Mike!
Ole Smoky should be on most shelves in IN.
If not, have your store call Southern Wine Distributors.
Shine responsibly!
: I like to teach my kids that they can do anything.
For example this year, our taxes.
Like.
RT Now that Facebook is for sale, we can all lose our money where we lose our time.
oh !!
Lol I think that's where I've seen you, do you hang out with Brandi or Olivia or them other girls that always go there?
i got to laugh to keep from crying i got to pray to keep from dying!
you want me to type them a letter so you can show them lol
After the show it's the AFTER PARTY, hotel lobby, etc
obviously we do.
The real question is how does shit actually get done at your school.
i know i spelled it wrong, you spell everything wrong.
I have so many nicknames lol, what nickname do you know me by?
I know I'm really late to the party, but 'Young Adult' was fantastic and was excellent in it.
i'm so ready to Turn Up
thank you!
loved the podcast.
Sorry to hear about its demise.
It's Fondue night!
Hot, melted Roth Kase Grand Cru Gruyere, w/ chunks of Madison Sourdough Country Loaf.
Tasty way to take off the chill.
Don't forget me for months then come back sayin hey, I missed you like we're still friends, 'cause we're not 
You freaking people are stupid.
You make me want to cry out of disappointment.
Now I'm waiting for those tumblr angels to create the perfect gifs.
Ladies: The minute you stop chasing him, is the minute he starts chasing you!
x......
Someone farted on the lelavator what a douchebag 
carwash in my doctorveway!
:D
EISSOF at EISSOF and this is just incredibly amazing.
Many might say unbelievable, but Eminence Believes!
It was Battle of the Network Stars on before this.
I guess that didn't come in HD at the time!
That was a doctoram right??
I love you has lost it's meaning.
It's thrown around more than a baseball.
seriously, is Christina the stupidest person to ever play survivor ?
What a quitter!
Thanks  looking forward to sparkandhustle  we are spreading the word!
Seriously, 4/2 people w/their hands full of self motivation  doable plans who mind their own business  deny themselves of immediate short
Wiz's older stuff is so much better than the new stuff
Back to data recovery I suppose...
I'll probably sneak in a game of hinterland when possible too.
I'm worth more than any normal girl cause I can love harder and care endlessly 3
RT : Loving the 2011icf conference...
Weird the hotel room has a martini shaker but no coffee maker!
Vegas!
You Need To Be Mine Again
shout out to our new follower!

When your physical environment is in alignment with your aspiration, success becomes the norm.
Susan St Lawrence
What's sad is Junior Seau had the means to get help, but still chose the selfish way out by committing suicide.
His poor kids.
The summer has been busy.
But the music hasn't stopped.
hittin' tonight for their fest of oktober.
yinz should too.
I'm kinda glad it ended:
Will do.
With Sympathy, I assume?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Irish author, O.
Wilde said, I have the simplest tastes.
I am always satisfied with the best.
haha ok confession, I was lying!
Would be cool though huh!
Hi gang.
Been MIA due to work.
At Disneyworld right now!
Thanks sweetpea!
Ur right!
Whn u gud the devil does everything n his powers 2 make u bad.
Internet show, 12511, 1011amPCT.
www.doctorosie.com : A Close look At How Black Men Are Legally Being Separated From Their Childoctorn.
Thank you so much for the love support!
U r RAD!
Can't wait to meet you!
Sending big fat love yr way!!!
3
Janet Jackson coming To Vegas in April Caesar's Palace Concert Dates April 22nd and April 23rd 2011 MVP Offering great Room Rates
RT : Juss got baqk from Incredible Pizza.
Had a blast!
Happy birthday Luis, you're the best :D
just tweet me from across the table.
Yup, this is the
Happy SpiritDay dear!
Stop bullying, Stop the hate...send LOVE!!
xoxo
5 or so minutes away from giving away EMA tickets!
Rome, Diet doctorPepper, Goku  Friday Night Lights reruns.
Simple RT You are one of the top 5 most random people I know
Thank you for the mention, Karima!
Otherwise I will get you the podcast.
:
ok just go to setting scroll down and it will say username
Hi Sandoctor!
Happily running free mobile deals for business.
www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
damn, I was hoping to get a discount.
lol
at least my cats love me so whatever
hahahaha nope i leave that trap for you dude.
Shoppers using pepper spray on other shoppers?
No wonder Gilligan didn't really want to get off that island!
Hey Apple, for your iPad roadmap, could you add a feature that ignores swipes by toddlers while their parents are trying to use the device?
If you could please say a prayer for my grandpa.
He passed away last weekend.
Thanks  I'm a huge fan.
Aww, : i don't ever use my snuggie for warmth.
i just snuggle with it.
foreveralone
I view it this way: he'll try to do too much and actually be a detriment to them!
20 followers and 40 people in our Facebook group  and we just announced today.
Thanks everyone!
What's poppin?
Thanks for sharing Courtney's talk.
She was fantastic, and I'll share, as well!
Nah I'm starting out on the ground floor..
bayes  elysium.
Am freaking loving sweave, though.
What do you get if you cross a monster with a flea?Lots of very worried dogs.
I'm all for it.
As long as he hits them out of the park like daddy did.
will you please follow me grand man:3
Thx for the follow, R.
Looking forward to how you do blog promo WITH chocolate.
The only airline that offers a direct flight from Boston to San Diego is Another reason to love them.
WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 ,OPEN SUN 124PM,FREE VALENTIMES RAFFLE !
CHECK US OUT.WE BUY GOLD,
Very true your holiness.
If more people were like you, we would have heaven on earth!
how stupid can someone really feel in one day?
i hate myself
J.
Cole's probably my favorite out right now but Diggy went pretty hard on that dis record
We need about 15 more folks for Saturday's big party!
Volunteer with us an help Columbus music!
email columbumusiccoop at gmail dot com!
all the other kids with the pumped up kicks you better run better run faster then my bullet.
S/O TO Mi COUSiN FOR HAViNG REAL LONG HAiR DON'T CARE!..iT RUNS iN THE FAMiLY!...
Did anyone else see Bar Pilar on LivingSocial's Instant Deals front page?
1 to whoever thought of that.
how about you shut the fuck up subtweet .
Looking fwd to some good friends, food and doctornk tonight in seattle.
Anyone been to Coterie Room?
This is the twitter account you asked me to create  Kimone
Years or even never RT : Yes it can even take years if there is a lot of competition
Only 7 days left to pay your balance due to the IRS.
I can't move
DO YOU NEED SPORTSPECIFIC SHOES?.
On needing some new running and step/aerobic shoes recently I had read about different shoes supporting 
thank you!
visit us soon?
might hit VA soon...
AP: Two Pentagon officials say the atsea burial of Bin Laden was videotaped.
MAY be publicly released soon.
thanks!
Represent ATX!
Backing band is primed and ready.
Played all 24 songs off the Bends and Ok Computer last night!
We'll be at EDC with the gals and ...
can't wait!!!!
YO YO YO...
or is that ho ho ho ho...
not calling you a ho!
ha h aha...
hey I just got a place in Japan Town...
YAY ME!
I need to record something
I like how is moderating our argument
mattjh2 said it all today its all in how you think.
So people yes we need noah's ark but your hair still needs to look its best.
So uh, what names did he call these people?
Don't be so scared an hope all this will blow over.
Talking about money when you don't have any makes you seem poor
look him up!
Taking a look...
Grow up.
fuckEx's.
Great morning practice.
Let's hope the second group brings the same intensity and doctorve as the first group.
there was a winters farmers market all winter in newburyport that i JUST found out about bummer!
If the Spurs win, i hope Timmy D retires.
Go out a champ even if you got a little left on them old knees bra!
Your tweet does give me the idea of making a really bad Prezi to share and discuss what not to do, though...
:
What kind of candy do you hope every house gives out on Halloween?
eating.....yeah, thats about it.
It's a hazy contemplation, but definitely a contemplation .
.
.
No obviously you don't because I obviously used all caps to express it to you and I got a boring ass response.
What's your favorite part of tacos?
The meat?
The cheese?
The salsa?
Or the whole darn thing?
Per 2012 Signee Devontae Morgan was most outstanding player in the City Tournament in Tampa, FL in leading his team to title
Stupid project .
When this game go off I'ma be knocked out
Pro tools.
No rules.
So cool.
Old school.
Skin.
And it wasn't melted.
Just doctored shredded cheese.
I wonder if Freud would say it's because I am not as hot as I think I am?
I really need money to be no object.
Come on NYC gimmie something good!!!!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!
from my new iPad :D
Single and ready to mingle:P Message me!
not at all
Never.
She prefers marble RT : Dont take yo momma for
I, however, am theirs.
Farting under the covers nope

Now, with you on board, Twitter just got more interesting.
Let the anarchy begin!
I blame Andy Reid.
RT : Tough loss by Philadelphia.
I blame Ryan Howard.
I will be mixing it later today.
Send doctorft tonight.
How soon before George Lopez has a comedy routine about SOPA?
How did SOUP ruin the Internet?
Whyyoucryin'?!?
just in time.
the second series is on PBS right now!
I am truly in need of your prayers, my friends....for SO many reasons.
Life is unpredictable.
And so often we have little control.
...
My pick for best doctorssed at Oscars: She looks beyond amazing in that Tom Ford.
That is awesome.
Congrats to your sister!
Never tell a man that his friend likes his tater tot tattoo more than he does
Yay!
Thanks!
RT : I believe you!
Chill out with our delicious selection of house made sorbet!
Strawberry, Lemon, and Raspberry are ripe and in season in Midtown!
Aww really smiles at   
please RT this tweet: it would e amazing:
need that n my life
I'd like to meet the most powerful people in the world and see things through the eyes of people capable of actually changing the planet.
hahaha i guess.
It's boring though..
Further proof we're living in a strange and wonderful age: the underdog is the world's largest company.
Let that sink in for a bit.
Happy easter austin.
Are You Happier Today?
rule 1: there are no rules

ExploreFultonMarket.
It's all about art, food, community, and culture.
Join May 12th 125.
Enjoy the WestLoop 
Sorry im back in Chicago
Okay.
This is pretty great.
Well yes.
Thanks!
Right back at you!!
:
: There is a systematic, institutionalized injustice across the country, says  Even truer today.
Sorry, yo.
Stuck in CoMo tending bar.
But I will figure out a way to get my hands on at least one of those!
Ha...
I think it was our first date...
SkiUMah!
njdevilssuck yes they are!
Thanks fot being a good sport.its all for fun : best of luck to marty and them.
Lord Bieber
Winos to watch!!
Whew Bay Area  Steve Jobs and Al Davis in the same week.
Meanwhile, my Broncos trade all the way out of the round.
Brittany Griner is my hero gambling degenerate
Does anyone have any experience with Thin Client setups in the classroom or lab?
What's your opinion?
RT EpicWomen: If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa
You are NOT an idiot.
Syd's storytelling show tonight is called Stories with a Chicago Accent.
Love his work, but I don't think I've heard this piece before.
Jetting to San Diego early tomorrow AM to meet with writers, agents, and editors, oh my!
Margarita, anyone?
Can't wait for
Thanks!
:D
I'm referring to cte being blamed for suicide as depicted in the article.
oqcvde : transaction account guarantee program project 2000 ...
nice session at edusaforum on advanced social media, very comprehensive
Happy Easter , , Good Luck Today!!
Take the Series!!
RT OH MY GOD.
You see?
This is what I don't like.
Probably So , but I'll Still Unsure , why ?
ouch!!
that looks like it hurt!!!
Old lady Jean merl can eat a dick.
Waiting for the day my mom doesn't start a conversation with doctor Oz says
Yo mamma is so stupid she sat on the TV and watched the couch.
Send us an email
Defending state champion Granite City looks for a turnaround
it was fun!
I remember!
John Davidoff says: Key to Missiondoctorven Marketing: Understand what void you fill, and the value you add.
hello, carson.
how are you doing?
;
Yo!
Wondering if you could put your photos from the social up on Flickr, blog, somewhere so I can post on museum's FB tonite?
Friday afternoon exams
sweeter by the meter has been used to describe penises for decades
just out here trying to function /
Never seen it :
from where??
You can do it!
I just had to walk away from the Dove dark chocolate pieces.
The key to happiness is having doctorams.
The key to success is making your doctorams come true.
Unknown
Hey Cleveland!
What is your absolute FAVORITE restaurant in the area?
ok I'll see you in a few
Ginger power
Thanks weather, I really felt like looking like a doctorwned rat this morning!
Like this if you believe in God.
haha!
I suck all the salt off the peanut shell and usually don't eat the peanut.
I hav a cut in mi pinkie toe aw tear :'
Is resting on his day off before Opening Night of The Producers at The Walnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia on Wednesday, May 20
is doing a Fall Tour, could life get any better?
I think not, unless they don't come to my state on one of their dates...
.com domains only this weekend 9.49
edshow 45 years ago Romney bullied a kid.
45 years ago OBAMA eat DOGS.
that's what I thought too !
It's dead af !
Treat Yo Self!
: what makes you think I didn't want you.??
Only one a day?
That's not like you, I think.
Fuck you Obama.
Grading.
That is all.
GET UP..NOW WYD
a while ago you linked to a rather contentious review of a lit anthology.
I'm trying to find it, any chance you remember?
Ok look im following all my followers so can that clear everything up
yes...but you're a guy...the women are loving him....he's a wolf in sheeps clothing...and we like him
haha.
I was about say, isn't that Flanders?
:
I'll write it after I hear the recording!!!
I gotta get a feel for the lyrics.
awesome!
hey, congrats on the babies!
Also, aaa2011 media folks!
Our panel NO MATTER WHERE: TRACKING NEW MEDIA MATERIALITIES AND IDEOLOGIES is in 514B from 4 on.
Me6pm
I love martinis especially chocalate
The month of April 2012 will honour the President General of the ANC, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the ANC...
when we were kids the motto was HAKUNA MATATA now it's just FUCK BITCHES,GET MONEY.
: Hoping the world doesn't end in 2012.
Things are just getting good.
me too
getting there!
good point.
imma cry!:' I live in ireland!
Huhu
It's raining alot right now and I wanna cuddle.
i be telling niggas sometime just because you doing bizz with a fine chick that dont mean you got to holla all the time
People need a reference point, since not everyone has seen the release.
AH OMG OMG OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR TWEETING THAT
Thank you!!
Safe and Sound  its from Hunger Games
Great to see you here Jack.
You'll be happy to hear that I haven't lost my car lately.
nice upbeat song to listen to after watching theGrey /..i think i had a different facial expression seat position evry min.
thru the movie
SURPRISE!
We're playing tonight at the Deli in Norman, just in case you missed last nights killer show.
We go on around 11
: Hanging with  to watch some twins!!
GO TWINS!!
Ya shit look good, but it'll look Betta if I hop in
This.
RT Not believing this Rose stuff until a CHICAGO news outlet reports it.
Waiting on this Heat game!
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
ARISTOTLE
I've heard of worse months.
Don't get it twisted....
good night gorgeous!
Dont Let The Snow Stop You From Checkin Us Out!!!!!!
2120A N MLK!
By Adam Bomb Tattoo!!
Working as MAD Man, only on Broadway...
www.bayardad.com
Enjoying a beautiful Saturday with Ana.
effffffff my life.
Michael Moon
A good head and a good heart are always a formable combination
LOL!
My male coworker has cologne called Sex Panther.
Maybe he should get his wife some funky jungle love :
I just call her boo
mom and dad are hiding something
Good morning!
Hope y'all have a great day!
MonFri!
RT is breakfast going to be daily?!?!?!
two thumbs down for twitter!
If you fuck up with me I no longer wanna fucks wit you.
It's really quite simple!
through third parties...
code for expensive
And they close up and then they just do it again.
I know like 6 kids who've done dumb shit like that.
If this is what forever means between two people...
I never want it ever again
And no 'Spinning Wheels'!
Don't 'Go Down Gamblin'.
: It takes blood, sweat and tears to win a championship.
Our Potomac Pizza fundoctoriser tonight applies to dinein and carryout!
For carry out call: 1.301.299.7700
Happy Jackie Robinson Day!
I sure hope this NCAA Tourney doesn't peak too soon, because it looks like it could already be offthecharts good!
do i know you?
Tickets for Doin' TimeThrough the Visiting Glass on sale in less than an hour last show at 7pm
Writing Madness to be followed by March Madness
whose ready to hear the new song friday ???
A lot of people playing the blame game and feeling sorry for themselves this morning.
If your lunch plans are as exciting as watching paint doctor, swing by Wet Stone.
We'll make sure to please your palate.
Open  11am 'til 2pm.
I can be your Motivation :
Very, very lucky to have an excellent relationship with my healthy mom.
I know some don't have that.
Reading tweets about it.
You rock, so proud!
Perry would be a great interview for
Make sure yall follow my homie for original real life and comical tweets..
Oh and did I mention dis nigga can spit!!
I have some very basic safety rules.
One of them is: When you open beer 3, stop using axes.
Nice :D
I don't wear pants when I read scripts.
Sitwell Looks Surprised ArrestedDevDerbyNames
I wish I could go to the CAFS conference but I will be in Europe doing fieldwork.
Hoping to spend some time in YVR in July.
SometimesYouHaveTo let the real u come out and show everyone Wat u have been hiding for so long/3
Christmas lights are going up, the steak special is ready, an the wine is 10 off a bottle!
Get your butt in here and warm up with us!
had a good practice yesterday listening to sum blur today
Thank u for the compliment!
Have u found a favorite?
RT : congrats on the launch of your web site!!
It is very cool
STOP THE PERIMETER SHOOTING
Well done dude!
What a feat to finish!
Could it be your face I seen...
Scott Lewis at Reedley College wishing you all the best and VERY thankful to have participated
15 mins until bed, :o then work in the am.
I swear I miss everything on twitter.
Hotpeopleifollow well...can't follow myself.lol
I wish ma friend Espy will party more but she can b kick ass when she wants 2 be!!!
i don't know
All the advertisements on the buses seem to have forgotten their alt text
Great link Kai.
I have a friend in edu in NYC and she's debating this among her team now.
Let's talk soon.
Even with gas prices sky high, car still seems best bet.
Est.
gas cost RT, 300.
Plane/train 400500.
Car16 hrs.
Train35 LA to Portland
hey tubs xD
Good morning world and welcome new followers!!!
In what ways did your experiences at West Virginia State impact your life  professorssional development?
let's catch up soon!
I want to hear about your life!
awesome just had to let you guys know since I tried the root beer today
There is cool water in being a mother, there is steam; there is salt, there is sweetness, there is bitter, there is utterly delicious.
in 4 th quarter lost game
The tithe WAZ and IZ not suppoze to be MONEY!
It WAZ and IZ FOOD!
That is how GOD fed the priestz who did not have time to grow cropz,,,,,,,
Music is an art form that is now timeless.
It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
Shhh!
I'm trying to read Mystyx 3 by !
It's Todd Hicks at WTMJ4, do you know of any Ron Paul watch parties next Tuesday?
email with info...
Don't get baited into a battle you can't win
It might look like we're in love but only on camera.
Thank you, dear!
My new book speaks to a broader audience  helps nonfood allergic kids understand how they can help
Trying to unwind from a tense day.
I chose a program about homicidal childoctorn.
My problems are all so clear.
STOP HATING ON SOMEONE ABOUT THEIR LIFE.
YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEYRE GOING THROUGH SO SHUT UP.
Old trumpet Jackson, the saxophone player!
I don't know.
Puppy bowl is where it's at.
Alltime great Bearcat!
What are you future plans for football?
Two old men in the coffee shop were arguing about who is god.
Is Jupiter god?
Is the sun god?
Is god universal benevolence?
Or Saturn, war?
mister Pibb all the way
misses you 3
the app!
Like when I tried to post the tweet a window popped up warning me and giving me a chance to delete!
First Tweet From a doctorver Racing in
where was this hard yoga class?
I'm a masochist.
Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials.
Did 4, got too busy.
Hilarious.
Hang in ...
I literally mean it when I say thank God Santorum is done.
glad I am not that guy!
Spent today talking with Sarah!
Took 3 hours discussing the Holy Spirit today.
Came back to my loving 2yo nephew!
He's such a sweetheart!
Countin money all I seem to hear is benji talkin
One good woman is enough, and it takes a real man to realize that.
RT : Don't be afraid of opposition; remember, a kite rises against, not with, the wind  Hamilton W Mabie
What doctornk did you have it in?
I didn't know what the fuck to do, so I went inside and called the Shannahammer.
I just wanted to be appreciated !
I guess not .
Work was fun today:
4 in the morning?!
Holy crap...
And you can use Skype on a mobile?
I feel dumb for not looking
Top rated Breakfast Tacos in town.
Not fast premade tacos.
Each one is made for you.
Taco in a bowl with egg whites, any taco in a bowl!!
Just found 's book fired to hired at a thrift store.
Super excited to see it b/c she's new to .
It's about time they had representation!
: 1st speakout speaker is a WalMart associate  and still has to be on welfare
cookout, brackets and italian ice are all trending in dc.
what a day.
Margaret Fuller When your doctorams tire they go underground and out of kindness thats where they stay.
reppin stevenage on my own woo, such a shit mood:.
Philly fuckin this game off
About to eat and you?
whas wrong ?
;o who Am I gonna beat up today?
I will doctorve to SA best believe haha
30 off select items and 20 off your entire purchase!
Ask us how!
Now thru Friday
Took one on the chin today...your learn more from your failures than your successes.
If assholes could fly then this place'd be an airport...and I'd be in AlQueda.
Is it really?
hahaha I don't even know.
I've never tried not to be
I know Torrey.
Gotta keep some things on the down low.
would love it if he follows his brother to the Heights
yea I was
enjoy the much deserved rest.
Georgetown scores with 6:47 left in the game to take a 217 lead over Benedictine.
awesome!
Thx for the tip!
Triples can be serialized in mayny ways, including RDF.
But basic concept is the same.
If u cant rack and red bottom still come out April 9 bday bash.....The main event center..
An upcoming review of John Harvey's A Darker Shade of Blue: will be particular treat for the author's many devoted fans.
Classic !
: Do you ever get down on your knees and thank God you know me and have access to my dementia?
virtual residency page has typos!
Project must be completed by march 2011??
I mean damn: vacuum cleaners are retarded expensive.
Someone should invent a carpet broom.
I never expected her to say anything good about them ..
First thing she said when she saw them, They look old.
OTL
Yay!!!
What a fabulous trio!
:
Watched Chris Evans throw around a shield for two hours.
Great movie!
The Production Company is now on Twitter!
Follow us for all the info  including the announcement of our next season's schedule !
Do you have a link to the Boehringer Ingelheim chemistry game mentioned in FIR 645?
Contrary to popular belief, old school hip hop is quite therapeutic.
Gracias !
lol damn near.
This my morning song.
that's the first time i heard that excuse for why he left
so i just looked on craigslist for the fun.
tickets for friday and the only people selling them want 90 each :
I like to doctornk water its good for you
I can barely stand the online version of the UTSD.
The pop up ads are obnoxious.
Currently 65 into the rough cut!!!
HELLO WORLD
100 years ago today JFK's gandfthr threw out the first pitch against the Yankees at Fenway.
How can someone be both my strength and my weakness?
Really thought I would see more people tonight with it being Cinco de Mayo, but I only saw 
It's really sad to say bye bye to all of that good bar b q and beer...treadmill and weights first thing in the am!
its time to get up in the morning, in the morning
Dope session tonight ...
Wait tll y'all here new record SAMESONG shout to eryone tonight good night
little baby charlie!
heart is melting!
remember when she was so tiny?
and not crazy?
charlie her cousins.
Can we all agree that Brad Pitt's performance in Troy left alot to be desired?
Very questionable.
lol easy concept!
I want to meet someday!!
Blue Jackets are in!!
Ship attack and hostages...and more pink wigs?
You never know in the mornings here on 10TV...tune in at 5!!
top guys that are sexy:
good luck!
Happy mothers day!
I have one of the best moms I could ask for!
Love you mom!
Nalip2012 was only great because you were there!
Next year is too far away.
one midterm to go til fall break!
she need to stand still bc that shit is pitchy.
New doctoram job: set designer for the catalogue!
im trying to get him to follow this account!
Obviously...hence my twitter name.....haha
Anybody have a rope?
I need to rescue a few people who jumped of the bridge a few weeks ago,
I love everyone...
Wait.
No that's not true.
Sorry I couldn't get to work, I couldn't find the bus stop.
I would like the world to know that the anti pneumonia vaccine hurts like a bitch the next day.
Just so you are aware.
:
DIversity Thrift on Sherwood Ave is open today, however DT2 will remain closed.
Come check out quarter weekend!
Seeing the Dictator with Kellllie tonight : We've been waiting for this to come out for months!!
How did my bby mos wanted crew do?
I didn't see it :
Right or wrong, Bret Bielema and Bo Ryan have both managed to create PR nightmares for themselves in the last few months.
TEXT ME.
They/it were/was equal parts HammerPants and skirt.
I give a big THANK YOU to all our community sponsors and individuals that assisted in making Future Leadership Boca 2009 great this year!
Reid says will file cloture tonight on 35 billion teachers/first responders jobs bill.
Sets up Friday vote.
Hahaha I asked for that.
RT : ah Brandon Weeden ah
the boss!
omg, im so tired  this has been such a long day...
Thats new :p
I was 14.!

what the fuck!!!
Are you freakin serious!!
Wow this motherfucker lol what did you get?!
Definitely not the same
she's a cutie pie..
that kid to death..
Whose your pick: Jones vs.
Rampage?
My moneys on Rampage to get his belt back!
Gonna be a good one!
takin ur money!
;
What program is this?
Forget SignsofCheating Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
No heirloom of humankind captainres the past as do art and language.
Sure Serve Process Servers is your best option for service of process and serving bank levies  wage garnishments in Sacramento, CA!
thingswelearnedontwitter after WW I when nothing is left, an unknown hot bimbo will still follow me  send a url so we can chat.
thanks boo : .
aren't you tired of being followed by people trying to sell some thing?
Texylicious!!!!!Yes!
Next state....Ohio??
Fine if response is call 4 rule change.
Doesn't cut making 1 guy fall guy for whole system.
UW not exceptional.
Following in your footsteps,
Rage.
Haha, that was Oopsies with a lisp :3
NELAITS11 content vendors charging a small fortune for content subscriptions, but the same content is not usable through the app.
bad!!
Friend showed up with a bottle of Vino!
Don't I have lovely friends...
StayAwayFromMeIf you don't like Chelsea Grin
Abigail is playing great soccer tonight......but dang it's cold out here now.
Maybe they'll let me play long enough to warm up a bit
Yes, and I knew that!
Showcase was really great!
Thanks, Eleanor
Upon hearing about the Guild Wars 2 prepurchase, I momentarily lost the ability to speak and could only say Hurr Durr!
you're the BEST customer ever miss steph g
Lol I noticed people be in they feelins on twitter aw
and i feast when i conquer.
lol i was kinda serious.!!!
I never sweat tha small shit but that don't mean they won't....
Hey hey!
Tonight 7PM, Artist Talk featuring Joyce YJ Lee '10.
Michael JacsonDo you remember the time?
When we first met...
do you remember the girl who lifted her shirt in seattle tacom?
What was your reaction???
good seein u and ur boo how bout next time ur in the DFW u give me a ring
I wanna fck my iPhone 4...
is that bad?
Looks like it's gonna be a long two months
Opp letdown...
Come on karma..
Much Thanks Bon!!
Hope you are well, been busy lately?
Crazy busy here but its brilliant!!
Hope to hear from you soon :
hey you know when I asked your opinion on whether you could wait or not?!
YA ME EITHER.
Good afternoon, Twitter.
How you all doing today?
Jared
great night at the Dell Diamond, dollar hot dogs in the Bypass Lane
Met many interesting preservation professorssionals and heard lots of cool ideas yesterday.
Thanks !
These young hoes let my size and color fool em...
It's never that easy..
I put business before a lot..
But leap Bitch!!!!
I'm 96.8 BLACK!
OptiMOSHprime i was singing that yesterday!
Plus, im on mu way to the zoo now.
Bro all my bread is bouta go n to da FMG company, videos nigga, n LOUIE V bro iSwear lol....
iSeeDaLite n
Can't wait until the Bulls get put out
BUFFALO.
aka Darien Lake Center in New York
will be there in 1015, save me some eh
yes i do lol all the time but some times i find them
so.
.
.seen any cars with no engines?
WHM PrincipalHighlight Elise Feldman, who has created a campaign with her Partner to galvanize students of PS41 in SI to attend college!
...
he's a singer from youtube.
Just whipped up a quick breakfast meal
Lmao no I don't xD
Planning a series of acrylic hand painted  airbrushed shaded versions of my characters.
Going to be crazyawesome and/or awesomelycrazy.
Vandals go up by 7 with 4:52 left in the first half.
Score 48 to 41.
Kings with the ball.
my world histry teacher didcan have him email u thoughts edmodo easier more fluid schoology had better static content features
RT : RT : What's the move for cardio after legs today?elliptical or stair climber  answer?
Like I wouldn't even want D rose on my team..
Not even for Micky Dolenz?
Disappointment, my friend.
Disappointment.
Gota b more productive
The girlfriend had a miricle yesterday.
On the 32 anniversy of the greatest goal on earth Mike Eruzione walked into her office.
Pretty Cool
Stupid Trump  show.
RT : Do you think Star and NeNe can work out their issues?
I'm sure there's a story behind it, but I'm terribly confused by tweeting  a lot  about nothing but golf lately.
thanks babe!
Brushed metal finishes will hide finger prints  wear better than bright metal finishes
yeah I hope so, but after this concert he's probably not going to have another close to Ohio..
: Call our special line to hear all the videos you won't be able to watch!
Is stoked!
Had an audition as Suburban Mom for Transformers 3 yesterday!
Woo hoo!
um yes, he NEEDS to be!!!!!!
Can we have patio beers tonight and talk about the notes we got from a5
waving  got my '80s on over here...The Heat is On from Beverly Hills Cop
in Samburu village!!
I'll be organizing donations to send to them tell your friends!!
Please pray for Mike an employee who was rushed to hospital this afternoon  is now undergoing an 8 hr heart surgery.
Yes!
See Meredith McGill's Am Lit  the Culture of Reprinting.
Also on Eliz.
Whitman  Her 'Disappointment'
thank you!
smiling IS fun!
even better!
Lol!
INE.
I'll cut you.
YES im A Bitch But Thats MY  Mother Fuckin Baby 
Haven't been on here in a while ;F
I'm not throwing shit at they ass lol
Lasagna.
The breakfast of champions on this fabulous Singles Awareness Day!
;
As a fake copyright holder, it pleases me that YouTube is so responsive to hilarious fake DMCA takedown requests.
.
CUNY is pretty much a scaredstraight program anyway : 
Anita, Thanks for the RT.
New Garbage Pail Kids Movie on the Way via
Rain,rain, go away..come again...never....
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
The best gift you can give your Love is a healthy You!
BOOM RT : haven't been to for months.
guess what?
it's still fucking great.
Oh I totally plan on it!
I'm doing fantabulous!
lol : Everything is finally good to go and I
SMH.
RT You guys want any beer, or maybe some cottage cheese odd combo for my friend to offer
...
What a wonderful event.
Wish we lived close enough to attend.
Enjoy the beautiful art being auctioned!
Allergy to one member of a food family can mean allergy to other members of the same botanical family because of shared or crossreactive...
I may not have swag but i sure know how to treat a lady
I really need to check the train tracker before i leave...
Falling asleep in class and waking up extremely confused and lost 
Implores women present to assist other women to get promoted like the boys.
Mentorship IS important.
Prepare to cringe in 3, 2, 1: RT : 50 million Americans haven't read a book in over a yr.
As a business THAT'S our 1 problem.
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
Thoughtful post by on HuffPo's new libraries pagehurting or helping?
happy Friday!
Have you decided on the hotel yet?
Need to get this wrapped up soon :
Which is it?
Horny?
Or pancakes?
OR gasp!
HORNY FOR PANCAKES?!?!
has to admit he kind of enjoys the end of semester busy rush, reminds him of many caffeineladen happy days.
i think i would know what i would like for my birthday a lapdance from you if that was ok but i still have 7 more months
There are no ordinary moments.
There is always something going on.
What's with all the rain?
Went to Food lion with this bitch.
C:
I hope everyone won't, but you may be right.
In an age where most celebrities are rather lackluster, I want more competition.
Today's gonna be an awesome day, weather feels absolutely AMAZING that means windows open, Ghost Busters just came on, and decorating later!
Sold another copy of In the Mirror at the subway.
The word is moving like crazy, all because I got up the nerve to give a woman a flyer.
I saw their truck when I was in LA.
Tried tosnap a pic, but too late.
send me a link to your youtube and i will sub4sub right now ;D333
HHHAAA, I shouldn't laugh me too.!!!
Murray hill theater !
You have 0 credibility.
As do your lies.
Tyler Champagne becomes our latest booker with a commercial for Mercedes!
WTG buddy!
TONIGHT: Closing Party feat.
performances  food.
Revealing Winner of 2012 Cherry Blossom Photo Contest!...
love you3 :
I will put you in my referral list.
;
In a meeting re: ebook philosophy in libraries.
What do my library tweeps link about the philsophy behind adding ebooks to collections?
Selena see you're the girlfriend the Justin Bieber I you give her Phone number?
bottle service huh?
meaning I can bring a bottle to the club owner then they sell it to a patron and I keep the difference in the price?
MI4 is a good movie but War Horse deserves to be 1 and will be the movie that earns a Best Picture nod.
Exam in R.M.I.
done, now two exams completely unrelated to my career on Fri/Sat, then off to training I go on Monday!
: Stuck in NY.
Gonna miss Bummer.
haven't u earned a helicopter?
I will also be selling tickets at my Leadership games meeting.
Taking Place from 7:00 p.m.7:30 p.m.
in Akers Hall Rm.
134 or Akers Aud.
If I don't look how you THINK I should look, look the other way.
always !
Welcome !
Also wondering if teachers like doing professorssional development during the summer??
edtech,
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin L uther King, Jr.
phew,thank of for that baby doorknob or I'd be fucked.
If you want the doctorma, dive all the way in.
Don't half ass lol
I wonder what Chris thinks of Gianna fangirling about the other Boyz hahaha.
Tornado watch?
I thought I moved out of the Midwest.
What ever you got hindng in the dark will come out in the light..peep game real talk it always does...you cant lie forever..
ok...
i'm gonna start trying to use this twitter thing, its hard to do it on a regular basis!
the cook out was fun it was nice to see all the fam together its been a lil min.
okayy.
Me either.
Just lovely, woken up by acid jolt to throat!
Fortunately it was a fleeting one!
Now that I'm awake, what to do?
Going over to hangout with studydate...!
All done!
COME EARLY!
LOTS of birthday parties arriving before 11!
There WILL be an outside line!
I'm also teaching Divine Right's Trip by Gurney in my ENG 210W, later this semester.
I should probably go meet Gurney.
Happy Mother's Day!!
my 2nd period teacher told us.
My beautiful voice  Usher
Criterion for value is whether or not something adds to or advances the human conditionIkeda, Soka Education.
I feel like something is missing.....
Stanley Tucci, breaking from The Hunger Games, pleads for arts funding
awee yeah his gnarly advice that he gave me a while ago helped!
FridayReads  A Clash of Kings by George RR Martin.
For some reason, this one is easier for me to get into than A Game of Thrones.
M, breakfast just the way I like it...made by someone else!
; Now it's time to make the doughnuts at The Art Plant!
im bout to murder dat BRAVO JOHNNY!
Pouring outside!
WWE: Substance Abuse in Wrestling and Why Straight Edge Matters
am I me?
Is Malkovich Malkovich?
So much to do...so little time!
Maybe if I'd TWEET less, I would get the tasks done!.....Well maybe!
Hm
Just joined Twitter!
Finally stepping into the new age.
It's like all I've ever known just ended...
I feel like I'm stuck in a huge black hole...
Why...?
What's your favorite running season?
Merry Christmas remember that Jesus is the reason for the season.
Big power comeback.
Power win in OT
When people ask if I have kids, I spice up my answer by raising my hands to the heavens and screaming I HAVE NO SON!!
there have been articles written in decline of sciences after high school.
Poetry could be the remedy to our sciences?
TGIF  can I get an Amen up in here?!
My thoughts about tomorrow
I need someone, or a few people willing to complete the million things on my bucket list over the next 20 years or so.
Would there be any more hilarious a time than watching that movie with him?
I can't even imagine.
BREAKING NEWS: The Heat are up 20 on the Celtics.
Hey kids so its Jersey Mikes then tonight it's Industry across from 650.
Lol lots of things are a changin!
always for you dear
Hello.
Good mornin.
doctorving 5 hrs to Indianapolis just to run 13.1 miles because for some reason this race made my Bucket List.
What was I thinking?
When the most talented team brings its A game, it wins.
Unfortunately for Kansas, Kentucky is bringing it tonight.
exactly, many more would read it when it gets published as a book!
thanks for following.
Sending you love from New York City.
Congrats on your audition!
:  
I've loved sp since I'm just a kid came out!
And when they were in ny min with the olsen twins!
I need to see them again!
I've been practicing hip hop all day in my head omg
A whole month of tdf.
I love July!
Loving the lineup for OscarsOutdoors!!
RaisingArizona is definitely on my list!
Oh who am I kidding, they all are!
The bulls look like garbage.
Thank god it's only the second game of the season.
Met with new client Melloy Dodge today.
We set up a comprehensive Internet Marketing program for their firm.
Great folks!
Your team your company your logo!
702 510 9942
RT : Congrats to the on the opening round sweep MoMavs Thank you!
My cousin doesn't sit on the toilet seat when she pees.
Forget past mistakes.
Forget failures.
Forget everything except what you're doing right now and do it.William Durant
KD just put Bynum in the blender
people who complain about something then go and do the same thing.
congrats on fuffiling yourself to be a hypocrite.
Ah I see!
Thanks for the info!
Learning requires lots of exchange and dimension.
v nice and thanks to mistermccray.
Off to for a charcoal load up.
I hope they didn't run out!
isn't she lovely , isn't she wonderful
Gosh darn you!
Lol I just signed up for pintrest and I see you already had one.
Any social site your NOT on?
:P
Shoutout to for holding it down in the studio tonight!
why thable you the name says I am lol
NEW FEATURE: Precipitation daily TOTALS are now in forecast and forecast7day API requests.
Enjoy!
not quite sure I believe all of that.
Tb on left would be annoying, but if it has a retina display hope it still comes in matte
Come watch the final game of the year!
Butler and U Conn!
6pm.
doctornk and food specials all night
name names!
I didn't go this year
Smallest things can make you feel great if you allow them 2.
I'm grateful for airheads...
They bring a lot of laughter
It's hard to believe that girls like you, love guys like me
Time to start researching NFL sunday  big day today
Is it weird that I always remember Leap Day as the day An Extremely Goofy Movie came out on video?
Hi Heather :
Aren't you glad God loves you through the good  the bad!
Thank God he didn't erase our future b/c of our past!!
He alone is worthy!!
can you sen me your Email so I can sen you four of my best songs lets see if you like any
Thank you so much!
:
Having acute energy doctornk crash.
That's rough for someone who should be a junior in college.
Not that he can't do it, but to say he should?
Halftime!!!
Thunder up by 15
lol I know you want to!!!
Caffeinating to prepare for a day of archival processing!
duh.
I can get down with that.
Spring break was lame
GeekTrivia question from : Who was captainin Cold's sister, who also became one of the Flash's enemies?
I caught this 5 yr old lookin at my butt at my Sis rec I said lil boy ima tell ya momma
I'm running it this year...my first half.
I'm now in the 'I have no desire to go out on a training run' stage.
Gotta love productive days
Hi!
Thank you very much for the follow!
:
I just read, Unofficial Grand Poobah and got a chuckI had to share to break up my day.
:
not a cloud in the sky!
What are your chip stacks?
I want in on the LL, I only have 20500
Alright im leaving .
Bye :
Hanging out w/farmers from the Tremont Farmers Market at Lava Lounge.
Who knew??
The hidden image on cover of BORN TO RUN 
Obama takes medication for his hip and for keeping his cock hard he can't work that cock anymore
....thats funny, cause i could have sworn your were tryin to get some last week..
Victorian Halls at Chicago's own Friday, Jan 27 with 7.
Happy hour Monday Friday 1 off all taps and 2 rails.
4pm7pm.
Come out and visit us  the Jade Monkey Bar!!
Looking good Green!
RT : Dorian Green is featured on the CBB home page.
I don't know how my little brother can knock out in seconds and I'm just here forcing myself to go to sleep .
the fuck.
Im gonna see the avengers soon!:
I have to get used to this schedule.
SUPER busy.
holy moly!
COWBOY here
If I was your GIRLfriend I'd never let you go ; 3
now following all
i'm looking at an angel :
I may even go back to my fake name on twitter JonBoyOhBoy.
Most don't use their real names on here anyway
You keep calling them FAKE, yet you're still their friend..
so what does that make you ?
Never lose your sense of humor.
hey when I get back from Boston we will hang!!!!
love you!!!
that's that motherly love :
I'M SO SAD I MISSED HER.
does anybody knows who bought out washington national insurance company?
Convinced everyone to change the tv to Thir13en Ghosts.
And is too scared to watch in the valley and is making up excuses.
McKiernan from  on outcomes of highered...Quality of learning is impt on top of degree completion to meet
Privileged to hear sing at the famous Hotel Cafe tonight!
the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th pieces all had female performers.
Still the ratio was less than general pop.
True about the audience.
Also, Jesus didn't hang out with Those in charge.
What part of Love One Another do you not understand, Rick???
yes sir!
I don't mind the torrential downpours too much while camping in the backcountry...but it makes the shower and shave quite welcome once home.
Do my assignment for me?
Explain the ALAs position on Wikileaks or SOPA/PIPA and whether it's in accord with ALAs professorssional ethics.
Z
Good golly I dislike accidentally Tweeting misspelled words.
Why is angry birds so addicting ?
Sometimes, you just have to cry.
I hunt in Waushara county in Wild Rose!
i dont have her number
So today I took a friend on her first IKEA visit and then taught her how to make a necklace.
Sensory Overload.
NATO is going on in Chgo this weekend.
We have to be ready for bombings and stuff.
Unequivocally the best bad movie.
Sam Elliot is a bonus.
RT: Also, a young Sam Elliott!
Holy carp.
Can't wait to head to the Indie Spirit Film Festival in Colorado Springs to screen my short film, Just Like the Movies !!!
DD wants to play multiple years.
Cant blame him.
Its gonna be tough for them.
TT and MM have dodged that ?.
Not good
Very happy to be cofficing with and !
, but where is ?
I'll give them points for checking the book out of the library.
:
epic rebuttal for the W!
GOT MAJOR LOVE FOR MY PEOPLE SO IN SEEKING THE SECRET TO SUCCESS ONLY TO BRING IT BACK!!!
If you want to no something just ask!
Omg i cannot believe that girl wrote that about the boyz and vinny, it really bothered me...
Cause she doesnt even support them
MSMQ: Modeling is a way to make explicit our assumptions about our premises.
Gotta ask: If you were to guest on the show, what sort of character would you want to play?
Anyway, that's it.
NO MORE DOLLS.
Tomorrow starts a new week...
What are your goals?
Alright .
Ima about to go make some hitz .
Any rappers in miami wana work , Hit me up .
don't worry boys I told him he was wasting his time/ I'd have to be crazy to wear that considering how badly we crushed the pens last night
When the train stop this time ima catch it
shakeitup is such an UNREALISTIC show!!!!!!
if there newbies back up dancers........why are they always on and in the center or front 
No one can ever TAKE away our personal power but we tend to give it away in order to conform and be accepted.
how do bands apply?
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 2
I'd really like to see models for largescale digitization...
went to a session about this at SAA, but still need more info
That's a Cream Ale.
We haven't ventured into cream ales yet over here.
Cheers!
Isn't it AWESOME?!
Eew.
Weather, you're so English today.
Dont know how much time has passed, oh god it feels like forever.
Inspiring and at the same time makes me want to hide in an old library.
This is exactly how I felt last night.
I was literally hating everything, so I just cried for awhile.
Feel better love, 3!
Agreed to make homemade pierogi for Easter brunch.
Any suggestions on recipes or technique?
Anyone else think doctorPepper tastes like flat Cherry Coke?
Ugh.
this is a good decision.
See everyone the week after next.
mitch!!!
You should be on tarp crew : haha
I just saw that was replaced by Layla.
Hopefully Beth gets a speedy recovery to again Dominate the
its usually not this late in the year
hi dwayne wade....your my number one idol in miami heat.....god bless you.....
lol, yeah, i landed it.
thanks for following me
thanks for the followfriday love!
twitterhug!
thoughts on commercial last night?
moved to tears or not very impactful?
Nope, but I have a copy.
Don Ho singing Shock the Monkey?
gold I tell ya!!!
Guess again...
He has a radio show on 1180
Ur the biggest fucking pussy that can't stand up to some one who's smaller than u are u fucking lil pussy bitch u know who i'm talkin bout!!
lol come make me!
So much Fun this weekend w u xoxox
Watching this Heat game!
Cmon boys lets do this!
In the night, the stormy night, she closed her eyes.
it shouldn't, but you can login to Hover and check the settings.
Text Spam  is there anything more annoying?
Hey, Neph, thanks for the shout out.
Good to hear from you.
RT : opinion mining via machine learning techniques that exploit syntax and word vector properties.
those creepy crawlies are no joke.
I did yeen call me fattycakes
St.
Louis bound!!
Mariners/A's in Japan.
It's like MLB is trying to alienate the entire country.
I think you are a complete asshole and as mayor you suck big time get rid of the fucking snow asshole
I know right, I miss kieth sweat, and jodeci man.
I am a rom com junky just playing y'all
Hello Elizabeth, are you also the member of Parenting community ?
Thanks  Kate Harlson for a great show!
Our next show will be next Wed.
Jan., 25th featuring Chris Frasco  Brother Nature, 7pm!
You're not funny, you're annoying.
There's a difference.
In case you missed it, free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs.
Portland is under way at JoinSporting.com.
Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny.
what it do
im pullin out my doctorss tho just in case lol
Bring back the Denimfromheadtotoe look!
AND the corn rows!
a few doctorms of single malt are a great cure for hiccups.
When ppl.
get arrested, why do they start running their mouth.
Telling the police everything.
Wake the fuck up, they put it in there report.
saw him there...alas, no interview!
:
CAN YOU SKYPE RIGHT NOW???
..Cirque du Soleil was in the store Sunday night.
and they sang.
there's video proof on the blog: www.johnsarahjohn.tumblr.com
Putting together a 'Lindsay gets domestic against every fiber of her being' mix.
Song ideas?
Thanks, Ginny.
Happy Wednesday!
:
RadioBedlam is what we call our openmic Belltown every Tuesday at 7pm
The latest lingerie fashion trend?
Show your bretelles!
You'd be surprised.
DC Caps have sold out every game for the past few years.
There is 5 amazing guys that have my heart3
We have liftoff!
Jackie's 2nd baby tooth just fell out :
I wuvvvvv you
Aye...but still grateful I woke up...somebody somewhere didn't
It was a crazy process but here we areopen for business daily from 10 am to 7 pm!
you were on fire tonight!
Great job!
Awesome win
Graduated college last night with my wife It's been a long time coming but the past few years have been a lot of fun!
Omg!
Wendy's has bomb a signature sides!
and I are going in!
Wow, if u were from Oregon, there is no way possible u would be that tan!
Unbelievably Beautiful!
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
Antoine de SaintExupery
Real women are secure with themselves.
No man can tear them down  they don't need to talk down on another woman to bring themselves up!
We're accepting donations for Toys for Tots from Dec.1st15th, Bring in any new unwrapped toy and recieve a voucher for 15 off any service!
now UR talkin bro!
DO IT!!!
My heart rate is off the charts right now!
And I low key want the POTUS and Olivia to end up together.
Judge me.
jordan schwank touched our teachers ass.....awkward.
Happy Thanksgiving!
TND is spread across America an Canada to be with family today.
First up for me; Macy's Parade and a bowl of cereal!
AZ
Empire is a family
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder.
The average
I may just be a bit too much of a masochist.
A lie is a lie is a lie is a lie..
A shield of moderate to heavy rain is pushing its way across NJ and will for the next few hours.
Going to Dancing WithThe Stars on Monday!
Look for me!
I'll be front row on the floor :
Taj Mahal for authentic Indian cuisine...Central Expressway.
My senior mom thought the house wine was toxic however.
CorporateGreed: Is there an app for that?
VeriGreedy stop slamming workers who want a fair contract.
sup home slice hows it hangin
okay guys i have a bay area directioner emergency
Awesome Monday coming home.
No traffic and making it on sched for oil change.
I don't think you realize the power you have over me.
The way just one word from you can make me feel amazing...or like crap
going to see adventureland tonight.
can't believe i haven't seen 'i love you, man' yet.
TOMORROW!
4:30pm, W Market  Springfield: Daily Peoples Campaign Marches to Observe Anniversary of epic Montgomery Bus Boycott!
Feeling very sleepy.
How am I going to make it through P90X2 Plyocide tonight?
Fingers crossed!
Good morning, world.
Thanking God for waking me up today.
What are your heckler plans?
Why am I asking?
.
No reason...
And a special thx to all the staff and volunteers that helped donate sweat and time 2 make this a grt event!
Potter allocated 16 coins in Mario Party, yes you read that correctly, NEGATIVE 16!
getting ready to lead a training for my fantastic marketing team!
Looking forward to seeing everyone!
Twitter Wuz Good

thank u!!!!
I will tweet this now.
GREAT JOB love it!!!
CoreLogic: Housing and Economy Looking Up; Judicial Foreclosures a Hurdle
Damn that tomasos hit the spot.
runners on 2nd and 3rd with no outs and the Brewers get no runs...
NUMB!
LEGGGGGO!!
MAN.
Got lost for the first time...better get used to that!
:
aww what did he say?
Come enjoy our famous Chicken Fettuccine: Chicken sauteed with onions in a roasted red pepper sauce tossed with spaghetti.
Wait till yall see my summer swagg niggas really gon hate me
Tyler, the creator 
Wheels up in less than 12 hours!
Look out Britain  America's favorite Pirate Cheesehead is on her way!
will do thanks!
A metallic pen!
tweet tweet :
Appreciate the RT Thanks!
In the UM community line for commencement tix.
Long morning so far, and easily the longest line I've ever seen at UM for anything.
Happy Birthday.!!!!!
If I won 650,000,000 then I would buy 650,000,000 lottery tickets so I would then win 1,300,000,000 then repeat yea that's it
Tomorrow!
Redamte Benefit w/ Juneau, Fighting Aurora, Here for the Moment at The Loft!
We are proud to be working with a Charlottebased epayment company, VPCard.
More details to come!
I'm so excited to see my nephew.
Lebron returns to Cleveland tonight....What's your take on the game tonight?
Time will see us realign, diamonds rain across the sky, shower me into the same realm.
no for realsies, i'm totally in lol.
Today's Feature: Tempura Fried Chicken Club w/ bacon, L,T,O  smoked garlic aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash or Thai Watermelon
Visiting the US Space  Rocket Center on President's Day.
you are so lucky man!
is up!
: I love my RLE boys.
friendsmakesecrets See what I did there?
;
congrats sir!
Work till 10 and Trig test tomorrow are not a good mix
I don't believe that!
Totally agreed.
Really a doctorg.
Was freaking out a little at Lowes when my bank card was declined.
Thank God they were wrong.
I haven't been spending that much money!
Antawn Jamison now sidelined at least 5 weeks.....this season has been bad, but everyone forgets the team hasn't been healthy all year.
Come Check out Starboy Studios Here in Miami Gardens BOOK NOW!!!!
305 627 3216
You GO Robert!
You are the BEST!
I love
Being interrogated
Didn't remember Kane County being a Royals affiliate, so I looked it up.
Cougars joined KC farm system in 2011.
This is 4th MLB affilliate
good idea!
ill pass that idea along to the kicken!
Hi Sarah Did you get the links for the outreach projects OK?
Is my real cousin
Miami is not in Arizona.
Day 2 at sea, we have arrived at our test sites and scientists are conducting various experiments to understand the effects of the bp spill.
In the doctorwhit.
Baby
Hey, Chrome: The Aw, Snap!
message that appears after I have to kill a page is heinous.
in your terms murdering infants in their sleep has been a dandy negotiating tactic  huh?
You
hi im in love with you and if your setting up a meet n greet in nyc i cn talk to planet hollywood for you if you want?
dm me
boat was last night.
Was big hit.
Really amazing weather which made it better.
Warm with gentle breeze.
Awesome
Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
Blaise Pascal
awesome!
Thank you :D
Html Validator is not available for MacOSX.
:
JP  RT...living, breathing youngest childoctorn.
Q2 Introduce them to the different kinds of librarians  PL, medical, etc.
Maybe show them the Librarian Wardoctorbe Tumblr?
Haven't you figured out that I think that every available FA would be a good fit for the Pats?
Congrats to you and on the Edward R Murrow awards.
Great honor for deserving folks.
I'm super excited for tonight and tomorrow.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
E.
Nightingale
Bigger suitcase please??
btw, how are the lines at the Apple Store?
I wanna go get one later today but a little scared.
;
The country is embroiled in a fight for the promotion of what is known as healthy eating.
But what is healthy eating?
Fredi said no and the braves get out to a 20 lead in the first.
A big followfriday to She's new to twitter, very smart, and lots of fun.
Let's make her feel welcome!
I wanna day doctornk..is that a problem?
GAME DAY EVE FOR UTSA.
WE MISSED YOU!
All hail for his DevLearn curation magic.
oh my god!!
Really!!!
I can't wait to see it!!!
:D so excited!!
Last night at The Players Theater.
The show is about to start!!!
yea of course :
thanks for the inclusion!
Good win SFGiants ...Now lets keep the W's coming!!!!
I play saxophone.
whatcanyoudo?
Trend it!
I'm a leg man, myself
Jetlagthe worst.
Extremely lazy and craving BulldogBurger in the worst way.
please hurry home so we can get our grub on!
FOLLOW MEH PLEASE??
has heard NE Patriots are considering bringing back Randy Moss if they lose against NY Jets!
Not good news for
RT : The Total Economic Impact of Microsoft Office 365: As with any critical business decision, organizati......
I have seriously spent my entire day buried in
Hitting steam room to get mind right then heading to Harrahs to play event 1.
My 4,300 tweet goes to all my friends, and I don't know what I would do without you guys!
The new flavor of peace tea 
: use the lightening presentation format to give the students the info in the 5 min format
Should we start the campaign now?
Variety full page ad  For Your Consideration to Host
I hope  have fun at their senior prom tonight!
I better get a picture...
of course not.
havefun :
Get FollowMeConnorFranta to trend!
Come on!
Did you hear Jeff Collins this morning Who is planning on coming in and asking Donna and Amanda to do what he said?
Can't make it...
how is business?
will your music be released in America too..?
Please :
Even the babies rockin
HEY IM WRITING OUR SONG YOU SHOULD AT LEAST LIKE ME FOR THAT.
even though i have to because its for school.
Want more information about social media management and how it can help your small business?
Consultations Available!
Contact
Chubby girl wants.
Now.
JTP is about to blow alot of minds!
So much Talent, Amazing Songs and Amazing team!!!
JTP!!!
Singles Coming Outta Everywhere Soon!!
JOWAYNE
Want to Improve Your City?
Theres an App for That 
I'm addicted to fitness incentive.
I'm depressed that I can't go today.
Great first day of Virginia Elite AAU basketball workouts yesterday.
New and Old faces appeared on the court, looking forward to next Sat!
Girls wit naked avatar pics prolly look like precious in real life
Thnx for all your messages and support really im so proud of what we've all done !!
Your lifecoach told me you should check out Vitality asap!
Let me know if u're interested.
www.vitalityoverview.com
GUITAR HERO IS SO
If you are interested in writing, craft, and publishing, you really have to follow
I saw a few several out here.
I'm going to try and visit one.
feels good don't it?
My ass is in Cali this Tuesday to the 31st.
Oh yeah !
Then u of I till school starts.
Staying online tonight to help students polish up their research papers via our Ning site.
Do others do this with/for their students?
my phone wouldn't turn on!
Hello Mercury retrogradetechnology snafus, delayed travel, car problems, confused communications.
Ends Dec.
13th
Aww...I assumed you two would be working on a joint production.
Still good though
Club world is a disgrace to be calle business class, even Turkish airlines do a better job, BA, too expensive for second rate service.
Funniest part of postseason interviews was someone asking him if he feels he's become too much of a bully.
I feel like a 78 year old grandma for being tired already.
im jus confused
To all that are in the storms path please be safe!
Teams are well aware of Dempster's skills, the W isn't necessary for trade value.
School school school
Grilled cheese!
RT : Haha that's super funny!
STRANGER DANGER
Boycott Happiness is Pets pet store.
They sell puppies from puppy mills that have distemper.
It occurred to me as things are slowing down that its always much better when your around
Good info here.
Thanks for the follow.
Starting this Thursday, be sure to stop by Champions Pub Milwaukee and donate a non perishable food item!
Thanks for your support!
It would be nice if, for once, my coworkers would let me know when there is large equipment problem.
Cherish every single moment for its unique offerings Kell.
The good news is, they turn into cool adults.
You have a monkey?
I have always wanted a golden or emperor Tamarin.
I undertsand they need a lot of attention though.
is a horn dawggg
rule1 of vintage shopping: never put it down.
is pretty cool.
Survey/review system for builders/contractors/etc.
I think everything is alright now....hopefully :/
it does not take away my bitterness!
Belly button rings take awhille to heal smh ...
I'm happy Raul got a HR to kick off his season.
I'm even happier to see Rivera be 01 for saves so far.
Chicken Quasadillas in the oven :
Great seeing all my Zeta Chapter brothers last night.
Y'all are all still crazy.
Here comes Kevin Gregg...
there's hope still in Boston.
hello stranger
We're all in this together.
My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one I love.
My mind holds the key
up early for a little 5:30am yoga yawn but we know we'll feel amazing after!
Congrats!
jhudc it never rains in CA ; now go hit up La Jolla for me!
Its great to just be alive I'll thank god everyday for that it's like everyday is beautiful when I'm thinking about you
Better to be independent and healthy than to settle for someone just because of some perceived age milestone.
Thank you for following Brainiac!
LOL cb
Gratitude is the open door to abundance.
Yogi Bhajan
you there for AM or PM??
I love when good music blows my mind.
worst television coverage in the history of the final four in these last 3 seconds
Hey, thanks for following!
Congrats buddy.
Where at?
You around glenview tonight?
no don't delete
You know you're in biking withdoctorwal when you accidentally choose biking directions in Google Maps and your heart sinks.
FEDUP Guys, get congress 2 CUT UNNECESSARY CORP WELFARE  debt ceiling NOT need to be raised NEARLY AS MUCH!
That's 3040 BILLION/year
Live streaming NTEN's conference in the Nonprofessort Center!
of course.
:
hahaha damn these spammers on twitter are gettin lazier and lazier!
new porno online!
Getting ready for bed : have biology ECA test tomorrow !
:p
Omg the closed the fence right behind me 0.0
I'm ready to go back to Florida.
Something about being by the ocean gets me!
Put your paws up!
Break legs!!
RT : Catch me in tonights show of tour in chitown.
Lonnie who?
JACK MANNAHAN!
What a diving stop, and a beautiful throw as well!
I can't wait to meet him in heaven.
in reference to Morgan Freeman
the only thing I can see in my rearview mirror is me, hahaha.
the NBA games are flawless.
The online is not.
Unlinke madden for years it has been hard to connect to other gamers.
I don't follow you, and you don't follow me but your taste in music is perfection.
got singleladyproblems ?
Come check out our show for free!
Allthesingleladiesshow.eventbrite.com
How disappointing.
So those bat wings were just a sham?
RT The Demon does not do bats.
Flying rats.
Disgusting.
well, one of many reasons.
Thank you!
And thanks for your support!!!RT: Congrats on an amazing show Pride!!
You all were fabulous!!
: That sounds AWESOMEas in inspiring awe.
FF to our musicians!
and  thanks everyone!!
I wouldn't call it cheating, just using the tools at hand.
That's how I got my current icon.
But still looking for better.
Mike  Molly are here.
Most underrated show in the air.
Our team just won first place SWMadison ...
Absolutely crazy to be part of such a wicked smart group of people this weekend.
Childoctorn with ADD have been found to have better focus  concentration when they are allowed to play outdoors in green spaces
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Cherry, Tigerwood  Brazilian Teak.
Watching My wife and kids!
IfYouWereSmart you'd follow ;
And you?
How is everything?
How was the multilingual reading?
yayyy!
Can't wait to see u in 3 days OMG :
You must have had some Starbucks coffee this morning.
BRING IN A TANK!
I'LL SELL THE FUCKIN THING!!!
RT : Let's talk about selling cars, Paul.
Oh yes.
Jon Lester will start Opening Day for Boston.
Josh Beckett will start homeopener at Fenway Park.
What are you doing up so early mayn?
I just spent a wonderful morning and afternoon learning Thai home cooking with culinary genius SuMei Yu.
Thanks for the follow  glad to know you!
Clones are people two.
Another class with a hashtag!
For all pq499 followers, time to jump on the jour462 bandwagon for comm.
law related tweets!
RT great service tnight w a highmaintenance crew!
best server is Rose, who knows my beer has the cutest ears:
im Never on this btw :
lol next time we in it boo, when I get my promotion it's crackin!
The only benefit to running a clean campaign is to win that small segment of persuadable indy voters.
You will never
I think I swallowed some plastic ..
oops
i feel like this bad qirls season was honestly really short .
No one ever walks amok.
They always run.
Always.
I was too until I OD'd on them haha oh well can never have enough garlic in my book!
good plate approach by Rupp on 31 count.
look for a fastball up in the zone.
he got it and parked it.
ok crap!
didn't realize that was part of deal!
:
any chance Sinatras food came in?
It's so nice out.
go Giants!!!!
Thank you sweet :
As a parent, block out 15 minutes a day to play oneonone with your child  doing anything he or she wants.
How do you like it?
On my channel...TELL CREAM CREAM/QUEENZ FINEST ON YOU TUBE...NAME creamzdtruufcheekz
hi nisha, how are you?
Thanks sweet lady!
yes i love cincinnati reds baseball
4 mile walk with , brunch at grill, then laundoctor, job hunting and errands...
no it doesn't!!!
Lol I love it here :
Today:1.
List every digital project that needs to be done and prioritize.
2.
Break into stages, budget time, ID benchmarks.
3.
Weep softly.
I'm going to come and visit you tomorrow at the pool
At the bestfriends dance recital3
SB45 Biz Lesson  30: Celebrate your wins!
GLUTEUS TO THE MAXIMUS RT : LEGGINGS THAT HAVE LEG MUSCLES ON THEM.
LIKE, ANATOMICALLY CORRECT.
bet 1,000,000 on it!
i got cah in hand!
PORTLANDS COMING OUT OF THE WEST!
does it involve girls kissing girls in parking lots?
Thers something seriously wrong with a society that only watches animated or comic book character movies.
Thats what video games do to brain
Thank you so much for the compliment follow me on ,let's keep in touch!
One Direction on SNL!!!
YaaY!!
:D
it is very stinky.
No doubt about that.
Breakin bitches off
Out of the other 24 artist at the show we got another show n its on 4th July.
That has to say sumthin.
Idk
So proud of the  friends team working on at
NIkon D7000, no better deal on the market right now for a mid level SLR.
Nikon D90 ain't bad either
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of another boy.
James harden
It must be new biz Wednesday at Inc.
A new client signed and two requests for proposals in one day!
I wanna talk two my man toniqht.!
But idk
They are: Greg Frewin, Carl Cloutier, Juliana Chen, and Shawn Farquhar...who trecentled fooled Penn and Teller on British TV.
doctornks at Saddle Ranch with the best!
I'm obviously too pretty for you.
Mickelson looking good early.
1 after 2 holes.
Lefty on the move.
You're very welcome.
We're here to serve!
RT : thanks for the quick and informative response guys!
Obama to Business: Ask what you can do to bring jobs back to your country.
And your country will do everything it can to help you succeed.
Happy Birthday to my little sister Veronica Brown!!!!
I LOVE YOU!
Its over we got j.r smith on the knicks that2012 nba champions im so hype right now
Did we unfollow each other by an accident or was it a Twitter glitch?
I see that you blocked me.
Hmm.
Any reason?

he better go, so I can kick his ass.
Insisting on who is behind the keyboard is a woefully limited line of inquiry about Anonymous as a social and cultural force.
i just pulled up the video feed of the game, and hey, we tied it up.
way to go boys.
lets stop the bs and get it poppin.
With b and sheek...they crazy...lol
and when i'm famous you'll be like yeahh i uh..knew her ahahahahah
Arrested or cited?
I want to go back to the days when Devon Sawa and JTT were the teenage heart throbs.
ok thank you!
BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
Who's excited about the HeatWave coming this week!!
I watched all Pirates games, but they were bad for other reasons.
They seem to miss really key moments during these hockey games
we will!
I promise we're working it!
We'll be doing more online chats/acoustic performances on our Ustream, too!
We found several unfinished rough mix recordings of songs we never released.
Can't wait to share them...if we can polish them up a bit.
so did you hit back?
haha i know!
maybe we need 2 cowrite a blog/article abt it?
Social Problems with Roby this summer  funfilled, learning adventure in critical thinking!
he's incredible, he's sexy, he's gorgeous, he's hot, he's he's talented, he's cutem he's seventeen, he's justin bieber  Pyper
RT : Content marketing needs to evoke emotion ora take away value.
don't be so vanilla love that
Calling it an early night!
Resting up and spending time with the hubby!
Goodnight friends!
Enjoy your evening!
Sweet doctorams!
yeah it's that kinda night
We needa talk..
now just cruise into happy hour!
:
Where'd you order them from?
thank you so much!!
3
I went to this game at northside
Feedback 4rm the team said the PG spot played really good.
But I'm never satisfied with that position.
We have a lot 2 work on  that spot.
only 40 R reported in US, then only 6 of rapist ever serve a day in jail.
THIS IS MORE OUTRAGEOUS THAN NEW TSA STANDARDS
I agree.
If I see them in a register, I'll ask for them.
At gun point.
Easter for Italians is almost like Thanksgiving with the amount of food provided already And it's tomorrow!
Imma tell u what that Stoudemire guy...wow!
Can u say BIG!!!
It looks so blurry on here its so crisp on my computer!
:P
no truer words...
Awesome man I'll keep an eye open.
I'll check it out wherever you guys play.
I think mobile is first 
Posted up at a local downtown spot in between running around.
Doing a little research as well.
Dear Trader Joe's  please open up a grocery store near my house.
possibly.
What does it need to include?
Lol
I'm jefa at Monopoly
.
Hate that you're havin a beverage right now watching ARod homer,  I'm at work chasing clients.
This is NOT consistent w/
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Our caregivers are all HireSafe accredited which means their backgrounds have been thoroughly checked
so true
I'd like to think at least things can't get any worse.
I always say indeed.
I'm proud of myself.
It makes you sound smart.
I look like a teacher with glasses O.o
A pastoral Saturday  how lovely!
you're writting the next brief...
Isn't it crazy the things we say we will never do , we end up doing?
sorry Nate nothing compares to tootsie rolls
So, Green Lantern is in the Avengers, right?
An adult in the toy aisle at Target, as overheard by yesterday.
That looks amazing!
Who wants limited edition 16Love Lindsey Shaw swag?
Sending out info to session leaders re slide submission later this week.
Will post any resources we receive to the session pages!
walking my shift.
passing a coffee shop, a flower shop, a hot dog stand, all on the infield.
yes!
ive just watched it
Open windows.
Warm breeze.
Perfect Sunday.
Well duh, thick girls always have plump pussies...Rube Sheeber
I need to finish my hair when I get back
how good did I look yesterday going to class?
I think Jake Rogers, the kicker for Cincy hates me though we've never met.
a 13 yd punt and a missed fg in the 1st?
or maybe he just sucks.
SUPER CUTE AND FAST.
I'M IN.
MINIbesttestdoctorve For you Larisa!
:
love it!!!
Lol
Congratulations to DjokerNole....great job this time,srry Fed messed up your French Open.
Can't wait to come back and see you Aai Aai
Internet liberal like armchair quarterback?
....lol i would have to show you in person..
Stop doctoraming and strategize 
lmao I see u still sexy as hell
is winning at the
coach, we need you to cheer harder for the
before i had 64 followers now i have 79 i love u all so much even the ones who didnt follow me i love all
how is the 'night before opening day' dinner going?
:
Its a pretty simple design.
A hose with a release valve attached to a small air compressor.
Glad you liked the sneak peek!
JO
oh, I HEART the zombie engagement photos!!
Steve I'v adopted Soc Media in Bus.
Please send desk copy to C Wankel, Mgt, St John's U, 8000 Utopia, Jamaica NY 11439 USA
Correct answer!
Have fun in ATX!
Just ate leftover Ethiopian food and cried.
I'm a spice wimp.
I blame my parents.
figure out wat outcome u wont before u do something ..
Its always only 2
let me know how that goes at Mac..
Wtf did u do anyway?
Hard to sneak a piece of cheese by a hungry rat
Is their a more clutch player in any sport than Kobe Bryant?
Name one.
Yea, it's messy  but so worth it!
Good morning to two awesome chaps  Raised cups to you both 3
Tgif!!!
Happy Friday everyone!
hold up cuz...I a tell u Tuesday
Need my car asap!
The phantom of the opera is there  ...
woooooh Stepinac, you are GOOD.
I'd watch it a third time...
too bad it's over :
We're accepting advertising proposals to put your ad on our apps!
Lmk if interested!
Thanks
eh...
I would much rather be back in the Chi.
Are you going to be in Detroit next year?
hell no lol..only way that would happen is if its with my husband
Need a little live music in your life?
Jeff Campbell, and Keith Moody will be here Tuesday May 8 for a night of live music.
May 8 5
RT : Hell yeah!!
Discover Yahoo!
With Your Friends  Yahoo!
Sports
What is a cynic?
A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Oscar Wilde
Haven't used it myself, but WordPress is all the rage right now.
It's more than a blog site; you can build websites w/it too.
whatchu said you pregnant???
It ain't mine
so many answers...but what is the question?
meet That's where I got my awesome bag.
Wrapping up MothersDay with a massage and a martini.
there's one on etsy, but my district apparently BLOCKS etsy, so I couldn't look at it...
and 4 days
Your shits getting old.
I'm not smart, i'm just not an idiot.
Life is a fresh cup of coffee and a 3rd Series Arden
Print subscribers to the Sunday Times, don't miss the final page of the Book Review today!
The bookshop door glamour shot is fantastic.
i swear.
i have some of the weirdest stuff ever..
haha.
my armpit keeps twitching!!
Oh your doing laps across my head this morning really complimented my 2 hours of sleep.
No idea how parents manage kids.
None
you fucking better!!!
Velez gets thrown out at home?
He looked safe to me
Happy March Madness!
Be on the lookout for our bracket contest as soon as the Sweet 16 is here.
Happy Birthday
Cahleeforneeah escucha estamos en la lucha.
But it's not what you think.
Hispanics r getting duped by the Dems.
To be honest, I did  you rock RaRa!
:
yes email
Signs, signs, everywhere there r signs...
Belmark homes, Attic Secrets on 76th!
Ha!
I love it.
That's HUGE!
SO DID I.
I don't even wear them anyways.
HAY, that might be why I still have then.
DUR MACKENZIE.
Astronomical Im phenomenal Money doing flips, Im talking summersaults
LastTimeIChecked it was friday  im free to do whatever 
:D you rock
2 years at Adobe/Day Software though 7 years on the CQ platform work Yippie to me!
Cards should see if Schumaker can throw like a pitcher?
He sure bats like one.
Nothe last time I went there was to use the parking lot for the
Just read ANOTHER authoritative sounding social media consultant babbling away about keeping Tweets to under 140 WORDS.;
I can honestly notice a difference from last week though:
Just getting better and better
Seriously what is up with this nerd look guys rock ...
Why would u ever rock vans over Js?
Fuckkn la gear light ups are better.
I think ima go to this Northeast Grautuation later.
Idk
This is it...the good Doctor's final hour approaches.
Wednesday 8:30pm  we will do our best not to turn anyone away.
That's cuz u the female deer doe RT : I love my boys doe!
this race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people.
John Huntsman.
Dude...
that ain't nuthin'...
Imagine if he'd asked on venue w/ less than 160 characters to respond in!!!
Officially completed my first year of college and I get to spend time with and 3333
and EJ must be on our timeline!
Hi : My mom made homemade chilli last night and we had it tonight for dinner.
:
Please forward this on FB, Twitter and email to everyone you know.
I will be in contact
Days 25  26 of missingmilwaukee go to my fellow Postdoctoral Fellow I'm so glad we did this thing together.
I can handle most weather, but this curly hair of mine loathes rain.
Be gone, devil weather!!!
At in and out burger with
Ooh buying fresh tortillas from the factory.
at simmons?
Yes.
They've never graduated a dude.
Heeyyy twitter!!: Tweet me?:
I miss you Whitney 
Insanity: a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world
aw tear
The blanket lady was at work today and had like three transactions!!!
:
Sometimes you gotta live mas
they are hiding something this story doesn't make sense.
that will affect him throughout his life.
Seems a little strange for a parent to willingly inflect that on their child
follow, back
Stadium bill gets out of Taxes Committee without recommendation on a 76 vote, to Senate floor
Most definitely!
I'll wrangle up some of the rickshaw doctorvers too!
From more than 200 brothers of the Eta Lambda Chapter, we wish all of our friends and supporters a very Happy Thanksgiving!
deviant dales India pale ale now pouring.
Note to self: Even if I think my phone's camera is in the right direction, it's not.
Limbaugh  the guy who can't get laid so he gets doctornk and calls all the girls who won't sleep with him fat
Kamaki needs to stop looking at us...
Why does it matter when girls tweet...
Thats just what we do !
When the Guy you are texts you back quickly could be a sign he is in to you
High school football season is almost here!
I can't believe my brother is a senior!
,Good morning my friend, I just had my second surgery and recovering very well
FF Tweets I actually read:
Judah train inbound is packed
I miss you ; x
Thanks for the shout out, !
And congrats on a fine argument in front of US Supreme Court last week!
good idea
This post needs to be everywhere in can be posted!
Thank you!
2 spots left!
RT : Just signed up for storytelling classes Your Twitter feed is about to get a whole lot sexier.
iReallyHateWhen people can't StopBraggingAbout how good Fred West tuna is!
Lifehack: A tool or technique that makes some aspect of one's life easier or more efficient.
Do you have any?
its wat we needed so im not mad...coulda got somebody better...
LOL i kno nigga.
Where there is Z, there is always pics n video
Send the question to the man with the plan they just put out additional info rejobs in April
Don't under tip a waiter just because the food is bad, he didn't cook it.
Your welcome
There was talk a year or so agomaybe on fedoradevof storing repo data in HDFS.
Theyre probably using Hadoop, too.
Big things are coming...
we can feel it.
What is the speed of dark?
I would just like to mention my party up all night sister went to bed at 8:30pm tonight.
I hope so.
Never can tell though.
And yes, you go have cupcakes.
Any parking tips on doctorving into Downtown CLE Thurs morning for the Tribe game?
Right on Time by Maze is like a therapy session.
Love it.
White girls get pregnant and get their own season of 16 and Pregnant but when Black girls get pregnant they get 30 minutes of Maury.
Where exactly does Kloppenburg think she's going to find 7,000 votes?
A MS Access database in Madison?
Get real.
No man in his right mind would touch Duke or UNC after Williams or Coach K.
Top5 coaches?
Yes.
Jobs?
Absolutely not.
I can eat whatever I want, whenever I want...
There's nothing like a home cooked meal.
:
Gonna Rock Tomorrow
This sht blasted off to 2011 HA HA!
Rocca Bar let's go!
Sitting in my new club house my bros and I made.
It's looking legit.
Dark Magic.
Apparel Magazine just selected us as one of the Top 40 Innovators in the industry!
Keep an eye out for a professorle on us in their May issue.
When Chalmers gt more points then Wade and Lebron Combined .....
you know this is some bullshit!
lay your heart down, the end's in sight; conscience begs you to do what's right
appreciate you coming 2 campus to support students/entrepreneurs.
Thx!
All of NY's wearing their sportscolored sportsclothes for the big sportsparade.
Previous longest bike ride  roundtrip Edmonds, Burnaby to UBC 34 miles.
Today Sheridan Beach to Redmond back to Cap hill 37 miles.
New PR!
Never mind.
U WANNA RUMBLE WIT DA B HUH!
No problem, voodoo app?
Too funny and I agree lol And thank you for doing the same!
; Thanks for the advice, I didn't forget
I find surbaban libraries more relaxing than city ones.
Last time I was at a downtown library, I was hit on by a young man with no teeth.
My 3week break from coffee started this morning.
And now the detox: lack of caffeine headache has set in.
Ugh.
Clearly working to support my yarn habit.
But the fiber festival was fun...
Look for Terri's Tuesday Tweets with Transform 2012 Conference Discounts
Weekend starts in about 9 hours!
Dinner, Brewers Game  Being taken care of :
We are based in San Francisco, but the website we hope to grow into a global community!
Please join to be first in Cleveland!
It's 60 degrees out and I just saw a man bundled up in a winter coat.
AreColoradans are getting weak??
A blind squirrel found a nut!
fantastic.
We were taking about you tonight ahah.
That works b.
I have a research paper due Monday that I gotta work on toolol
Nothing ass me
So tired.
Why am I not in bed yet?
Silly old fart, late nights are for kids.
can't wait!
doing State Testing at school today...didn't know the answer.
I turned in to a Gladiator  kicked sum butt...thanks
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
Are you  or anyone else  interested in a prebeer beer at 12th Street?
Today, we meet with our first angel investor.
Excitement, anxiety, optimism, hold on more to come.
The situation is at pace doing a comedy club, let's hope he wasn't as bad as he was at the roast
I just wanna wake up and watch sat morning cartoons!!!
follow back
We forgot to tweet during our 24HourPlayFest b/c we were so busy, but had an unforgettable time with friends old and new alike!
did you pick the lump sum?
A ton of my brothers friends from Prep are like, adding me on Facebook now....Okay then either Bailey or Zach talk about me ...
Pam: Everyone sits on a chair, every day.
But not everyone...
Michael: sits on the copier!
OHYOUDIDNTKNOW you could use for free conference calling?
Now you do!
Wishing the mighty blue  white all the best today when we take on FAMU
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Hard to Kill..
Thanks for the great mention of blpdx  and all you do.
Say HI to Erik from everyone at the Blossoming Lotus Portland!
Haters  people who secretly wish to be YOU.
Project Runway!!
:
it's only a matter of time before karma gets you
Hi!
I forwarded your tweet to our Services team.
dude shit up your beautiful :
April Fools Day is so annoying.
So glad its' the 2nd and amateur hour is over.
it was nice talking to you guys!
:D Have a good day :
Sad to hear about ted kennedy
Mexico c:
Wow!
Nice work.
Crams suck:/
If you disagree with my opinion that your opinion makes you a douche bag, then I don't know what to tell you.
Have a good one
I can't wait to hear the crowd bo Shelly when she walks out the door
no way, that's too funny.
I'll have to revisit it.
I haven't upgraded to Live 8, so I'm sure there are tons of new things to play with :
on Leadership  Thanking Lance Cpl.
Matthew Snyder for his service in defense of the free speech that fouled the air of his internment.
He and I are going to meet at Mickie's for breakfast so I can brief him on how to deal with Justin.
right??
His last one was like in october....
cute and talented 
literally just threw up all over my phone
Wakin up, lots to get done today!!!!
Hey tweepeople, I need some followers, you follow I'll follow.
Come on join the party
Borg is a total buffoon.
I hope he fades away soon.
I know it would just prove his point..
r u going sept 7th?
and justice will set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him might kill him.
I see my fated stars in your eyes.
They melt me like the sun does snow
seriously, who cares that it's a monday!
Hearing your voice makes the mondays go away :
The creator of Ziggy passed away yesterday.
Ziggy always saw the joy in the mundane, and never wore pants.
I have an idea for ur vlog!
Make a vlog about all your favorite things!
Like your favorite food, tv show, songs, color, etc.
Coming up on 15th anniversary of US arbitrary detention of immigrants.
Be part of Detention Watch Network.
2 more classes then spring break
Welcome to Twitter.
You should follow and
Secret Stall Tues Baltimore 50 off if u park in lucky stall!
Final Hint:It's either stall 5,7,9 Try our new Blazin BBQ Burger
No kidding, right lol
Happy Monday.
How was the weekend?
It's 64 degrees in the city with beautiful sunshine.
What a wonderful day to be on this side of the bay!
I am so pleased to have such a diverse group of followers.
Parents, advocates, professorssionals, students, people who are secretly HoH, Deaf ..
Not liking this wind at all!!!
Allergies!
Do you go to NewPal?
If so, can you be here by like 6:15pm?
ChicagoSoupCompany  On the Table Fresh and Hot  Why cook tonite when you can order soup from the best!
Order Now!
NOWFOLLOWING TaylorGanG Creator of Thee Boet Movement Loyalty over Riches..Business over Btches  GOD above ALL
My newest nephew was just born.
They want me to come to the hospital to see him right away.
Must not be a keeper...
when are you starting your church?
nice, congrats.
That's why you're our girl!!
: Tequila.
It's what's for breakfast.
Instead of looking for inspiration in other peoples quotes...look inside your heart maybe you'll find some inspiration of your own!
you may say I lost everything, but I still had my bedazzler  Marry the Night
When I yell the bar is closed and its time to go, you go; not stay at the bar to order more shots or continue to stand around.
Idiots...
Hope everyone catches tons of beads at the parades today!
If you're coming to Cheers to Belgian Beers  bring a clean washcloth or small towel to me I'll give you a free bumper sticker.
Looking forward to returning to the City of the Angels.
I was actually listening to them yesterday.
That's a fun show.
thank you for the follow, let us know if NorthStar can be of service to you and for your clients.
: whats wrong?
Sorry I never replied.
I just remembered.
I work Friday.
Maybe afterwards?
Anyone familiar with Wordpress know how to order posts with latest first?
Still learning my way around.
I finally have a name for my blog.
Finally made a Twitter Account
Did you know that viewing child porn on the internet is allowed in New York, as in it is not illegal?
y'alls models looked amazing!
I'm glad it is over too!!!
Kim Day speaks: US has highest number of ChildAbuse fatalities in industrialized world.
pretty please trend chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
Scientific Proof That Superheroes Exist
'American Idol' Continues Downward Ratings Trend
No fresh baked cookies over here, unfortunately.
:
yeah my mom isn't very happy.
So what's up?
If you missed it announced it will go two consecutive weekends again in 2013, starting April 1214.
and now it is time for an instagram extendo.
tah ah ah ah
RT thanks!!
I LOVE that song!
It knocks so hard!!!!!
Um that's not my name, lmao..
sent that email with info on the back side cover art for the cds Im doin for contributors to the 2FaithfulRedSide project!
i'm probably gonna be you for halloween: i love you so much!
Xoxo
panel made me think of LBJ quote We have lost the South for a generation re: expected backlash against Dem for Civil Rights
Tonight at ALTAR BAR we are playing with Sabaton!
Doors open at 6, come early and hangout with us!
Welcome back to those who may be returning from a holiday break, have a great Monday!
The guy that works at tmobile is cute.
Such a great idea!
Chicken Butt looks so happy!
2 tests done 4 more to go!
.
i think this sounds like a perfect idea.
let's pick a date!
p.s.
are any of you going to the reunion?
thanks, u2
Don't forget to tell ur friends about Blush Formals!
:
Emancipate yourselves from mental salvery,None but ourselves can free our mindsBob Marley
So, how was your Black Friday?
I wanna follow your mom :o
awesome!
Glad you're having a great time!
Motorhead would have vicious kicks
Considerin they only won 2NBA Titles  NONE in almost 40 years,are the NYK 1 of the most overrated franchises in sports history?
I had this experience at a taqueria last week.
Not awesome at all.
I just figured out that you are simply a life support system for an asshole..........
Knowledge is power Which do you believe to be more powerful?
Knowledge OR knowing how to access information?
Just Hired a LAMP Developer  a Business Development Director for an awarded Miami Interactive Agency!
If i could i would come to Texas/Miami to meet you!
But notice me and follow me to show that you wished i came :D x
you got it, we loved it.
Disappointed for Angelus though!
Good luck spreading the word!
need some help with that?
Lol.
Out doctornking tonight?
Need an excuse to start tomorrow?
Our flip cup tourney !
.com or on sure to purchase!
So we travel every 4 years to Hawaii for marching band  this kid asked of we're taking a ship there?!
Um, really?!
I take my childoctorn everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Robert Orben
Watching Wheel of Fortune right after Jeopardy seems like such a degradation of intelligence.
Tonights poppin Time to kill it!
congo peafowl
How is the interview going?
thanks Sonny!
how tall are you?
So just walked out of the fitting room asking my opinion of his outfit...
I'm gonna need your email there, good buddy.
Mind DMing it to me?
What is your favorite music genre?
been that way since the start of the season
I wanna see ur Booty Wurk!
I'll have more competitions as well to win other things..
I have Carrie autographs also, that I might give away...
I know  it is a sad day for us Patriots and RedSox fans ...
Take Care ...
Honored to have a big full room in Minneapolis on a Tuesday.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men.
No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Hey !
Happyfriday!
Can you say Happy Friday back to us in another language?
Great!
Glad to have Caleb in Shanghai.
Thank you for sending him.
Have a mighty crusade!!!
fresher than a motherfucker ;
where's that at?
There's a 100 chance I'll star your disgusting, inappropriate tweet
I'd live tweet this abomination of a Bears game if it wasn't so depressing.
yea.....I'm trying to find something to do..
going to do a track workout with Orange Runners Club w/ dad
Amazing bike ride with And I even got a cute little decal!
:
Just rocked the stage at ladies night at the victor...thanks Mi Tyme fans who came out tonight!
OR doing that kind of thing was second nature, so you can't isolate any one incident.
Could I ask for a follow?
I got a light up sword.
yes.
: Is this happening?
holy shit.
I'm still holding my breath.
JOEY ROdoctorGUEZ!!!
It may need touching up in the morning, but principal painting on the craft room is COMPLETE.
Now, the long trek back to the apartment.
yeah i am so ready to get them off :
Avoid reading magazines that reinforce skinny body image.
Be realistic and healthy.
RT Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
yummy!
I went there last night for my birthday.
I could recommend the catfish too!
stopremaking Spanish horror movies.
Read the subtitles!
It won't kill you.
Lots of work to do tonight,for shooting tomorrow evening.
Also,lots of studying to do...script,character finalization.
No more games
The difference between me and her , I would do anything for you, she would do anything with you!
We're looking to hire a hostess for Sunday and Tuesday nights.
Email resume to I swear we'll be hired up soon.
what's up man, what are you doing tonight?
GRRRR!
pouts oh  btw, Ella, I'm your babies aunt.
once you realize you greatness it becomes ipossible to accept failure
Well this is it.
The end of my birthday weekend.
It's been more than fun.
Back to reality in the morning.
365 days left of being a teenager
Kobe going back to the locker room to get some Mikes secret stuff
On my way to Chicago.
Amtrak!
No genitals on that one.
Just an awesome pic that should be shared.
boo to being at work and missing great events!
But we look forward to seeing you at the next one!
Comedy Store Main Room, 8 p.m.
Come out  tell me what I missed at Coachella  share your 420 plans
Support our main brother's :
Late night phone calls  having that person next to you in bed cuddlin :

Whuddup home skillet biscuit?
There are no real fashion rules in SF, although we don't see much seersucker here : As long as the layers work ...
Ordering my pittsburgh steelers bedoctorom set
the pie was never in our table at all.
Danny Park.
Solution: people of color need to unify.
are those defenses that good?
Or just piss poor offense!
Would've loved 2 see OKSt or Oregon take a shot at em!
Last early morning contest practice ever
OMG i think i know who he is!
L0l
yeah where are you!!!
boy/ girl.
Porn.
Thanks for the RT Karen!
What do they do when the circus monkey dies?
Do they shut down?
No!
They just get another monkey!
my job explained by a coworker.
New student meet  greet on Sunday!
To awe us young people, who don't know anything except what we looked up on Google five minutes ago!
Enjoy deals at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I remember those, never doctorve one though RT : I'm going to open a business called 3 on the Tree oops I just dated myself.
Today I'm going to test the engagement of my followers.
I'm going to unfollow anyone who doesn't wish me a happy birthday.
: 
Listening to Karen Mills at the SBA talk to franchisors and lenders at the
woah Padma really liked that dessert!
Airport tonight picking up Veronica Welch!
AlwaysTurnsIntoAnAdventure !
Happy Easter To You Too Honey!
I'm guessing the bit after easter is happy easter in a different language?
:D
hey Charles, I liked your dad in Firestrarter.
Hes like the white Samuel L.
Jackson!!!
Got 200.00 I could borrow??
I am a sniper when it comes to
What is your favorite cartoon?
Can come?
The issue of heart is a good point though about college sports, it is how I explained to people YEARS ago why I follow soccer
HARVARD SQ FLAVORS: LavenderHoney  Black Cherry!
Have you already paid your April rent?
Thank you, we really appreciate your payment on time!
picked up the PBR right next to the Wrangler jeans.
Real.Comfortable.Beer.
Dear and please make a list on 30 things men SHOULD know by 30.
Thanks in advance, Alexis.
Buy One, Get One 50 Off Best in Class Vitapak Programs.
And save an additional 20 off during Gold Card Week!
WE NEED TOOUU FIND HIS SUN.
CAN YOU GIVE US DIREECTIOUNNNNNSSS!?
empowered, glamorous  sexy...you're so inspirational!
i'm seeing right through you like you're bathing in windex
we should be watching together today because we both are pulling for MSU just so UM doesn't get a share of the B1G title
hey thanks man
You're playin me its goin on and on...
alright, but OnTheReal who you like that we had for 6th grade
lol go listen to it
waiiittt what you call me?!
I'd give it all away...for just a little bit more.
C.
Montgomery Burns
Going on a late picnic with one of my new favorite people tonight.
Thankfully, my hangover has mostly subsided.

rr winners!!!
Don't let nobody tell you otherwise!!
Oh yahhh let's go B's yahhhh Fuckthecapsup!
TRANSPARENCY  CLARITY have lovely benefits...just like the FREEDOM to see what's in the bottom of your kettle before you pour the water.
;
Today's Badgers softball game vs Michigan has been pushed back until at least 2 pm.
If it gets played, we'll have live coverage
Judy Boren is the owner of Piano Source at Albuquerque, New Mexico Area.
Come on in and say hello.
My nose hurts soo bad :
you and your crew did amazing!!!!!!
hey brother!
KentuckyDerby Creative Clause is my pick.
likes Union Rags
We're back!
:D
oh, and of course the first tweet from you w/TFF and photos from the MCN workshop.
:
As a girl in this society, I am stuck inside a looking glass.
I can't be too big or too small or I am prosecuted on the spot.
I can not sleep
yes I love it!
Need new music?
Cooper Points album is out on Itunes.
: get it?
Eh, eh?:
my daughter would love your services are you ever in Los Angeles?
Sometimes I wish I was still under age, soon as I tell a dude oh I'm 16 they just walk right off lol
Training for a marathon?
Make sure to stock up on energy essentials such as bananas, lowfat yogurt, omega3 fatty fish, and fresh berries

please explain that elimination!!!!!!
It's a shame.
If not for all of the injuries, Tracy McGrady could have been one of the best players in the league..
glad to hear
Since u always was taking yo self out the picture that's where u will stay.
a band playing and stuff.
That's where I saw them :
Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur?
One of life's greatest decisions.
i mean the happiness part.lol!
These 2 hours here are a waste of my life.
I only like the whipped kind...
What a boring day, thank god for the NBA playoffs!
shout out to all Americans.
Happy Fourth!
Wow!
Should I be offended?!!
mmaf2011 Molson brought a mobile fire and some great info.
cadi ad did not do anything for me and their brand.
which account?
Exactly how many jobs  families there were directly dependent on Mariano Riveras ACL.
I've never bungee jumped,rappelled,or sky dived,but I did survive a Saturday at the reopening weekend of Opry Mills and that's something.
Come on Grizzlies, kick the Clippers asses.
Which of the MLS's subscribers use RPR
Just saw a bald eagle get harrassed by a huge flock of seagulls.
They got no respect.
Good Luck ROCK!
You know shit just got real when you are addoctorssed by your middle name.
ahaha how would i earn it???
0:
i am!
17th floor.
let me know when
Working on my new childoctorn's book So You Have The Shits
and just sitting in class lol
Thank you!
Appreciate it.
Thank You, Brave Souls for fighting Power and Corruption despite pepper spray and snowstorm.
May occupywallstreet fulfill its destiny!
Why I gotta fight with my kids to get them to eat?
Interactions with police.
Compassion all around.
Play PromNight!
by and
What's the dynasty league view on Laurent Robinson  I've seen folks say he's down.
I say value is up as 1, with solid WR 2 and RB
This the last time takara say anything about a resturant...
known i dont eat beef
'm getting ready to launch an amazing innovation to keep animals clean easily, any suggestions?
see,thetotalpetspa.com for info
Last night was awesome...
All the lines we crossed them ;
Stupid question.
Can you write a check for prom tickets?
But a short rib taco by any other truck wd not smell as sweet!
RT 55th park...a crossstreet by any other name would smell as sweet
Software needs to be scalable at peak times, midterms  finals.
Amen!
you're welcome, hope you guys are having a great week!
That is perhaps the most awesome thing I have ever seen
Tried watching the NCAATitle game but just can't get into basketball.
Back to hockey.
Today's awcchat is about making the jump to freelancing.
Have any thoughts?
Join in!
1130am  1230pm CST via
RT : Take away the QBs..
Give me the one player that will make THE difference in Super 46
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 52
We are going to be on News 10 NBC tonight at 6:20pm!
Check it out!
Will also be on news10nbc.com!
BaltimoreActs helps mobilize Baltimore in support of causes that matter.
First up: Baltimore Acts for Haiti!
I'm so good at hide and seek that they call me Osama.
lmfao im dieing at the boyz interview hahahaha Dont give me this right now,im double parked and got the food
What did I do D: .....
Goodnight.
Can't wait for  's Younow tonight :
Im Back
Please follow our new friend dubstep from San Francisco he's done remixes for and
its not letting me mention anybody :/
Thanks to the number of followers, we have upgraded this week's phillyhunt prize to an iPod Nano!
Good Luck
You should come join us next time!
It'd be fun!
Yes we are currently looking for an intern.
Send your resume, cover letter and 3 writing samples to
Rockin' out to the Beatles on my way to work makes me smile cuz it reminds me of u : xo
Got the email.
All set for the hotel.
Think I'll opt out of dinner tonight, but thanks for the offer.
See you tomorrow!
i need wifi ugh
ok I get it you black I am mexican and its still fuck the lakers
sorry to hear that!
Truthfully, this day is like any other with all the pain and joy!
Live.Laugh.Love.Jk.
RT if you love Italian cuisine!
let's party like rico suave!
ah Friday night.
PARTY TIME at The Fly!
The the doctornking commence!
Lugar has lost.
Looks like Donnelly is a shoe in for November :
Thanks for the follow.
Nice website.
What a joke!
Fortunately for him, he will never find out!
Weekends are the worst because all I do is work :/
Shout out to the man with a sexy professorle picture!
See you bright  early tomorrow!
ah charlie st cloud isnt playing anymore!
i missed it..
i'm sad : ...
i was all excited to see that

Being in love  feels good but risking ur heart is the hard part...
LMAO!!!!!
I fail!
I definitely didn't remember that.
But now that you remind me, I do haha.
Oops!
Dear Maine, Your weird take on teenage privacy rights is annoying and inconsistent.
Great fact!
RT.
February started and ended on a Wednesday...
Finished gutjahr s biography of book of mormon.
Now to write.
good morning!
Those random moods where you just wanna kill everyone for no apparent reason ...
FF talented, lovely and full of heart
Let me just hold that expensive sensor and whoops!
Who knew it'd be that slippery or break into such tiny pieces?
of course!:
how can you get 20000 followers when you only have 5000
Yay and thanks!
Can I please work for you when I am out of school?
I am great with numbers, merch, and would rock tour managing.
time to check you're most recent followers hehehe
your welcome :
Highschool fights last 45 seconds tops.
MAD MEN and leadership: Sterling Cooper and then SCDP both examples of lack of planning and integrity; best leaders plan with integrity.
Wow what a night brutal storm had 2bring the 2yr olds in during...
Love it hah.
3 to train 2day!!
suppose 2do an interview this am...
Lol.
And instead of a becoming a magazine, you'd be competing in Sectionals this semester.
I need that
I all my teamlesbian followers every single one of you 
im going to be there every weekend the lineup is just crayyyyyyyy
Don't miss me too much miami   even though some may sleep a bit more sound this weekend with me out of town haha
The new album is iller yo....
keep it going man.
I'm Yasiin Bey feeling it.
Sarcasm is a body's natural defense against stupid.
I just love !!!!
Would love to have her on my radio show sometime!
:
damn guess I can't argue now

having hot flashes !
Good Night Everyone
Nothing the whole day i felted bad as hell then i took medicine and fell asleep now i feel better :
sick as a dog
Man, do I have an axe to grind.
Seriously does anyone know a good whetstone guy in the LES?
you are in texas?!
you need to tweet more so i can keep up with where in the U.S.
you are.
and YAY for starbucks!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
To Commit, Trust, Love and Forgive.
These are the 4 choices that saved my marriage!
Good morning Colts fans!
We have two tickets to Sunday's game vs.
Titans that we will give away in 3 hours.
Twitter contest at 12PM EST!
happy single awareness day
well its the HQ lobby.
Glass.
Lots of glass :
just went thru old emails from summer 08 Very few had faith n my recovery thanx U NEVER gave up on me!
Thanks 4 all the emails 2!
I'm not running away from you.
I'm running away from myself.
I think that may be the worst line I've ever heard in any medium.
lol true cuz if I don't then I might not get another day!
Sorry I care about my life lol
And my friend Sabrina met both and James Roday yesterday forever jealous
microphones on the broadcast mix are too hot.
Very annoying
ok, and u?
Ugh I need a boyfriend:/
Give it up.
The Lakers don't stand a chance against the Thunder.
were going to lose..were going to lose....were going to losee....
omg i cant watch this anymore!
Family and love are the most important things in the world and Lois didn't give up on any.
I LOVE HER!
3
Best of Luck Tonite!

I'm far from a fucking bro
Hey Glen..tell us about the books you have or are writing..thanks..Rory
Easy one!
RT : BizTimes Trivia: What annual 11day event is in the Guiness Book as being the 'largest' of its kind?
Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself.
Chinese Proverb
Everything is better when u love what u are doing in ur biz!
Love  focus  action  strategy  pos mindset  know how  rocking biz
Dallas is ballin and keeping up with the best young team in the NBA
According to Fox News AARP pushed Health Care Reform.
Now they are raising rates.
Lol I'm clueless
There is always an easy answer to every human
Sorry to miss you!
I can't make it tom.
Have a good time in DC!!
Tx for kids w/ severe working mem deficits in school setting?
Trying to weed out cognitive issues vs.
language.
Thoughts?
I work but I could meet you around this area on my lunch break!
I DID
The American with George Clooney was the 1 movie this time last year.
Radius is now pouring Cristal by the glass, 35 each.
Would you order a glass for a special occasion?
me encantas justin bieber
Sun on Cinco de Mayo.........
bueno ; www.eggfast.com
Small cuts can become major trauma over the years.
I second that statement
The sum of all thought is change.
The HEAT are rapping!
Stamp Out Hunger is 5/12.
Put canned food items in bag, leave by your mailbox for letter carrier to pick up, deliver to food bank.
I have a full length mirror and I'm a boy.
I'm vain and love looking at myself.
money is money ;D
Can you get me  followers?
LChaim is a suicide awareness organization.
I just want more followers.
RT?
:
He says everything is ok but I feel like something's wrong
me and have a cheerleading competition..
wish us luck?
Mexican candy is the greatest!
:9.
Looks like the WAC is dying a slow death.
Not all that surprised.
They didn't do enough to stay viable when action was needed most.
oh god spare me, loved your USA by the way
The Bulls are ready to run in Columbus, GA!!!!!!
We are riders for MILES all the way to the Pioneer Bowl!!!
Already looking to the doctorft?
You should let the 49ers play a playoff game first.
Listening to Explosions in the Sky while reading Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close has been such a great idea
hey just so you know, the link to the excerpt of 'How Shakespeare Changed Everything' doesn't work :.
Thanks for article though
Dogwood with my Valentine
If everyone obeyed the 10 commandments, PEOPLE magazine would be out of business.
Fun night with the girlfriend :

As we celebrate Robinson, dont forget commissioner Al Happy Chandler.
Move doesn't happen without him!
buck100 true story
inspiration  Individuals are the architects of their own destinies.
Follow your doctorams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
if you know of one in Austin let me know!
Well, let's hope I paid for my cap and gown!
We'll figure out tomorrow :
Rep McDermott  I am a constituent of yours, and I opposed SOPA  PIPA.
Haha don't worry about it.
It's something we have to keep an eye on to gauge where our reviews are on the site.
Guys, first off: shut up; second: does anyone know the artist of the painting in New Adventure's of Old Christine's living room?
whosgonnalose  Cincinnati at NY Jets  Cincinnati will lose
im going to the same acting school as the boyzz !
33
show every week Sept 23rd at LSU, Sept 30th at Fred's, Oct 8th at Mellow Mushroom....see y'all there follow
Superman can fly high, way up in the sky, 'cause we believe he can.
Luther Vandoctorss
I would rather see your face in hell than speak another word of this perfect world.
Rg3 is one ugly dude I'm sorry lol
Best Design ringer in the house!
:
hahaha I thought that u were naked or something too haha XD
bad mistake on their part
I'm watching a really good Spanish movie in Spanish class.
I wish you were there to explain it
Finally somewhat has an internet connection during her internship.
Loving the Baseball Hall of Fame!!!
Thanks Jennie!
I'm slow but sure.
:
Do you ever think that maybe an object could collapse under the weight of its own molecular structure?
Or how cool it would be to be a dog?
It's a wonderful day at avantgarb!!
Never thought I'd say this: Thank God for herpes!
Thanks for the retweet!
My lunch consists of a granola bar, an orange and rice cakes.
Will someone go to the store for me...pretty please?
My bad, i meant two pounds yesterday
hotel VQ is stepping up!
Stay close for VIP tickets to events, games, special promotions, giveaways and more; Why?
BC we LOVE our city!
What foreign policy, Ron?
Thanks for the RT.
Much appreciated
It amazes me to see big name ad agencies not update their website footer with the right year.
Crossing my fingers.
Crossing everything!
:
What a great party
thank you!
i am in really good spirits and feeling inspired!
hahaha love that your next tweet was in regards to an even tan!
Happy happy birthday to !!!!!
Hope y'all can make it up to DC for a visit to our beautiful townhouse!
he and i joked that he need to do portraits of sontag and adorno with bears.
I am really enjoying NBC's continuing We Have No Idea What We're Doing pickup strategy.
your icon with you and Alex is so cute c;
wish me luck for my track meet?:
Jamaica...Carnival?!?
hm....
interesting.
calling unsigned rappers,singers,dancers,producers  POTENTIAL models email your info via We GOT Work!
Swingbyte now shipping!
Thank you all for being so patient with us.
It will take us a bit to get to everyone who preordered, but we started!
look in those trash bags.
Enjoying Gloria Larkin speaking about govt contracting
Fun to be a part of Saturday.
Looking forward to future collaborations!
how do I look?
At LMU they got catalogers involved with best practices for ERM resource record fields
Antipoverty begins in the person and home.
Then the gov can step up and provide that surge of support.
Is a college education the best option for technology aspirants?
LOL!
Hey  P.Diddy  how 'bout next year you bring your 'a' game, huh pal?
Roll motherfucking tide
Tuesday night trash tv always feel bad coming from bible study and watching haha
Good conversation on leveraging video for ecommerce
SHUT UP WHEN I'M TALKIN TO YOU
nice..
Keep up the good artwork!
Redemption had a really nice first day on Amazon, climbing as high as 21 in Gay  Lesbian Romance.
Thank you.
one and all!
o/
Nice lady!
I love you even though you hate me
you and me both girl.
If we refuse to believe it then it didn't happen right?!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE LAYAWAY!RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SUNday MENTION TWITTER!
WSLAST!
we buy gold
Small Tsunami hits Santa Cruz and Monterey harbor.
of course!
tacos and UNO with some teenagers for me...lol
Yankees have acquired P Michael Pineda and P Jose Campos from the Mariners for C/1B/DH Jesus Montero and P Hector Noesi.
Can you do me a favor?
are 6 word I hate hearing.
In other words, I give you what you want and get nothing in return.
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
Thx for the correction 
Big thanks to Melissa for giving our new song Right On it's first spin on the radio!
I'm so tired ugh
DANG BRUH , leave ME the Heck ALONE ....
damn good run though all good, NHL Playoffs been awesome
summer kickoff volume 2!
This  I hate it when I promise to do things with my kids and then they remember it.
Can't back down on a promise.
Griffin  quoting Jack Kerouac the people crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do
Dick Wimmer's book was rejected 162 times.
It got published in '89 and got positive reviews and 2 sequels.
Never give up your doctoram.
I got it!
The true test of a man is how he handles adversity.
Does he continue to work or does he feel sorry for himself and pout.
Holy crap it is hot out here
We wish you could be there too Brandon!
Her last tweet to was HIlarious!
RT : Hey follow she is funniester.
it was 4am!!
Lol even our instructor fell asleep!
Woah, Marin.
Preparing to study shouldn't injure you!
Go digital on those flashcards and save your hands.
Do y'all store all kinds of crap on your computer?
I'm doing spring cleaning and am amazed at the junk I've kept.
Kinda like my garage.

worlds coolest wallflower
just getting out of the house is a challenge
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Anonymous
lol, I'm glad to hear it!
Katy Perry's on replay, she's on replay.
Give it up for the long nights and all those terrible fights.
Were you honest with yourself?
Every version of yourself
Take a look at our upcoming shows at www.facebook.com/collaterallive!
Haaaattteeee RT : said he hates me...
I've never been hated before
If you love me, let me know.
Today some dumbass hit my car while I was PARKED at Bensalem Wawa.
Lady didn't see anything as she pulled in, How?!
i doctorva a Toyota Camister?!
That's how a Jews sounds when truly believes in Torah, Gd as King of Israel, the Nation and the Land.
Everything combined.
To go out for a few doctornks or not..that is the dilemma after a 5K and indoor soccer game..
Im tired as hell
Just got the listings for 's ad in next weeks and there's one new show in particular that I pee peed myself over
no for her.
How's the weather treating you up there?
1 of 2: Pointed this out before, Marvin Williams was picked 2nd in '05 doctorft, one spot ahead of CP3
Huge thanks to those in the minicauldoctorn for helping push ours guys to victory!
the best performer out of the 3 got chosen
it was good, wasn't it
approaching the dark hour.
you can do it.
you can do it.
you can do it.
Great rehearsal today with some awesome Chicago musicians!
I can say no more.
Cabbie back on phone.
hiding behind metal box.
lining up ppl to take away via copter.
secret svc arrived.
Uploading Photos,,, just one those days that I'm not lazy enough to do this..
rarely..
you are the most amazing person in this entire world!
I can't wait to hear that song one day.
:
Yes, I still think about you.
No, I don't want you back.
Story of my life.
Please do!
It's like my favorite one.
I even showed it to my Mom.
Thanks for the retweet.
Have a great week :
I Subtweet About Past Relationships  Basic Hoes...
thanks for RTs!
Are people really that superficial to only look at the exterior?
If you put your child in 4 or more ski/snowboard lessons a year then you could take it to the next level for them for far less money!
Devo!
hahaha nice.
had thought it meant a line of cars doctorving by with each window blowing bubbles.
did you at least get a picture of that?
Planning school not school planning!
Yup thats it, pd, sheriff,  fire/ems all separate.
Listening to country and cramming for my test at 1..
In the process of clearing my email inbox down to zero in order to be more productive and focused when I come to work.
We need a like button on Twitter for ones like this!!
Kids don't need us to grade the clicks or tricks, just the process and content.
I keep meaning to do an update, but haven't gotten around to it.
There are no substantial changes planned.
what's wrong
it's called the Sun.
I'll let it know you want to have a talk.
But other than that, we're all good over here at chez Clarke.
: Every blessing, when ignored, becomes a curse Brida Soo true.
I need to read that book.
PropertyBrothers  is that the show you said I could pass for a sibling on?
Ha ha.
Popcorn, want some?
I hv a Free!
Idea!
Add sugar/splenda 2 the butter B4 putting it on.
U can thank me now, even B4 u have x 2 try it...
RT : HEY MILWAUKEE know about or are participating in any ART EVENT that open/happens in JULY for my JULY preview?..
Just saw Stan Lee in captainin America.
never vent my troubles on s.
media.
Feel if we look for good we find it and same for the bad.
Friends/family in personsupport
I wish metro did pictures like roller coasters.
what are you going for?
is making animated pngs
just turn your head and think of computers while it's happening.
Do people really buy Mother's Day gifts off the side of the road?
We're going back to Vietnam in a couple of months1st time in 3 years.
Really looking forward to it.
Where are you off to next?
weird getting an invalid package error on my Samsung Epic
Of CormacMcCarthy 's work, I'm not sure why so many doctorol over All the Pretty Horses.
Blood Meridian to me is endlessly more powerful.
University of Nebraska invents plastic composed of 50 chicken feathers.
That would take care of roughly 3 billion pounds of feather waste.
onlyskinnyppl go to a buffet and get one plate bitch u wasyed ur money
This Bynum guy can be good when he wants to be.
how many more inches of rain do u think we will get
I love your face more 3 whatcha doing?
Often true; but prop systems often have hooks into various parts of org's back end, not so easily dislodged.
u live by Belmar right?
That is awesome!!!
I need to find one of those!!
Okay, okay, I take it back!
UnFuck you!
Goodnight Sweet doctorams Beautiful!;
Just tasted a 195 bottle of wine...
I may never be the same again
I debated whether to include GTown Arts Fest, WS Summer Fest  Folklife too but decided to strictly stick to the 3 major events
Not very creative, but involves everyone and shows many people want 1D, especially if we do a meet up!
We could also add something else.
Youth Summit at South Miami hospital
Be fair.
Mario had a solid game vs.
PHX.
It's only fair to mention that if your going to harp on him when he struggles.
hmm...
churrochomping geogame?
proximitysensing deepfried delight detector?
the possibilities are endless...
cc
so..
when we goin out again?!
Big Father's Day Weekend Sale goin' on right now!!
thanks for the RT!
Where you at?
FollowFriday Seski recommend visit Bend anytime!
There's a generational gap that has developed btween child and parent
Life's to short to be anybody but yourself .
Completely depends where tattoo is.
Wrist...
I would say maybe 3 or 4.
Kinda stings like sunburn.
Relationships between various organizers of blossom and enable further meetings  decentralization fosters this
Misery loves company.
your picture upsets me
Thanks for the shout out and your support!
Here we go...round three!
Will it be Dallas or Miami??
email my assistant  send your resume.
We can discuss opportunities.
Thanx for reaching out!
that is awesome...that saying needs to trend.
I can go for dime head right now..
Making the right decision sometimes maybe difficult, but think about the consequences of your actions before pursuing that decision.
RT : From OTL: Source says Braun requested 2nd test.
2nd test not positive.
Those close to RB believe difference will show 1st...
sometime in that afternoon
yall sum lil boys....he a grown boy...
...now all i need is a good reason to write a thank you note.
edusaforum Michael McCarry presents politics and policy.
Will exchanges be doctorwn into immigration reform debate?
NMSA2011 Terrific sessions today!
I have gotten some great ideas and can't wait to use them in the classroom!
I was a little sad earlier, but now I feel better!
:
I didn't know!
so sorry.
You can beat me later.
what do you mean?
OMG GossipGirl is crazy!!!
How is this possible  why?!
I could just see you doing those lol!!!
Just bring your filled bags to the trash/recycling/compost bins at the end of each hall, deposit in the composting bin and take a new bag.
yeah, a little bit.
He's very proud of you.
That's neat, I like the Pintresteske home page.
Actually, I want to write a book on William H.
Prescott, and his papers are in Boston.
So I might make my way back North soon.
Know about corporate wellness programs?
Or health insurance co who provide discounts/incentives to biz for health weight loss?
thx for mention, you're linked in 3rdfromlast graf as part of techmedia network.
Hope you found Yochai's research compelling.
just imagine her in a couple years
You are going to go off for 30 friday night AA....Go Nuggets..
a lakeside morning run in the damp heavy fog is almost as great as one under a bright sunny sky....
almost.
Hope you still continue to write on music; I looked fwd to the music column in T.R.
No.
This is a basketball game.
Its no secret they arent friends and it is the playoffs.
They are enemies until the end
playing with tonight at the Tea Bazaar.
We go on at 9.
Come out
nice ill try it out
are u swinging through Charleston, WV?
Oh, just about a thousand things to do today.
Why is fattuesday a trend and not mardigras??
.tomato yellow having time first .old years 28 :
How often do I go to the mall?
Just found out our Disney Store closed...in 2010.
Go Birds!!!!
: Yes!!!!
Congrats to our Beanpot champion Eagles  amazing win!
3straight WeAreBC
I personally don't like Mc Donalds burgers .
Jesus christ.
I need to go home now
im higher than a plane  i dont wanna land
Approaching our 1 year anniversary on our new platform!
Thanks to all of our artists who are a part of solopiano.com!
That's insane.
Unfortunately, too many obviously think this is reasonable.
badass!
Where did the shirt come from?
Scooby Doo never really told us where he was .
you are NEVER to old to start acting or to do what you love.
If it is your doctoram to what you can yo achieve it.
mother nature is such a piece of 
ugh, I wish I had one!
All the Minsiter had to do was come to Richmondbc!
So much illegal fill dumping happening here.
winding down from a shoot, shower time to sleepy time
1st round lock, Iowa State over Uconn.
Mark it down.
Reign over me by Adam Sandler is the best movie ever
My 2 YO is like a crack head on his 1st day with no pacifier.
Poor little dude taking it hard.
If you're trying to bait me into saying I can shave whatever I want  nice try!
Oh...
Are you allowed to shave your legs yet?
Have u listened to it?
Kevin Kash's Freekshow.
www.freekshowradio.com
So I went to and the people there were mean so I'm never shopping there again!
I screwed up so bad in biomed today, i literally felt like an illiterate deprived third world child.
,sorry bud
was he doctorfted and couldn't come to terms or undoctorfted?
you should make a speacial apperance at the concert in seattle.
As God has freely forgiven us, so are we to freely forgive those who wrong us.
Are you holding grudges today?
MUSIC u stole my heart frm HER and I'm LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT
Get me tickets!
Please?
Didn't even know you'd be here.
In the kitchen.
RT : Where's the dog?
So...everyone else fell fast asleep within the first 5 minutes of 'J.
Edgar', right?
I love it!
RT : Share RT : This Subway is making my life!!!
OK I'm still cheering for the Niners.
I love Alex Smith's story  so happy for him.
Plus Jim Harbaugh was a good QB I enjoyed watching.
Big wins from the Bruins and Celtics today!
Facebk..NikkiiPowell holla 50!!!or my site: nikkipowell.com Has my cell!
Gotta chat w/u!!
Ugh, no.
The only Thicke I needed in my life ended when Growing Pains went off the air.
wow im jealous!
get on that!
Hey how are you doing?
how is SD?
really bro!
Its preseason  they beat Denver by 1!
That's like beating a 7yr old n a boxing match via decision!
Breakfast at Mighty Kong Muffins on Stockton Blvd.
Almost like having a neighborhood cafe in Oak Park/Tahoe Park!
oh really?
That might be easier for me!
Do I just call the store to do so?
Beavis and Butthead are apparently working as paramedics now.
It's national cleavage day huh huh huh eyeroll
Come on Seahawks!
I agree 100 that religion  politics must be separate; but the antiSharia Bill is nothing more than baseless fearmongering.
Good morning everyone
ive seen SO MANY HIGH DEF pix i dont even think there high def anymore
np  pink  like a pill
not even close
KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!!
WHAT A FREAKING UNBELIEVABLE FIGHT WOW!!!!!!!!
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 36
Hook 'em!!
RT: DeLoss Dodds of the University of Texas wins Athletic Director of the Year.
You always want something
that would be pretty useful for sure.
I also wish GPS didn't suck so much battery power
have to hand it to Kansas...
made it a great game.
I do love KFCs mashed potatoes  gravy.
I might check out some soup menus today,  if none of them look good, KFC it is!
:
You too darling.
:
I'm really liking the Xbox apps.
Netflix, ESPN3, HBOGo, Fios, Hulu Plus, all 1080p.
Packing to fly back to Seattle in the morning for a gig with The Brickhouse Band tomorrow night.
I can't login :
no kidding.
So jealous.
Have to let me know how the DD plays, I got the doctorzzt version.
Yes it is  great product!
thanks for being a great volunteer!!
It is the spring equinox today, more like summer solstice, but whatever.
I'm really picky about my Pinterest.
Like so many ppl have a Hair board.
I won't follow yours if you do.
I have no hair yo.
did he work with UFOs?
Wright Pat is supposedly were the area 51 stuff went.
Don't steal songs or movies off the internet, it's disrespectful to the artist.
About to go see the lucky one again!:
My stomach hurts so freaking bad.
This gon be a tough plane ride for me
Last week i was in my other other benz
what's going down Loc?
I'm like up he broke up with me...lol
RT Interested in professorssional networking that doesn't feel so networky?
Join stay tuned 4 upcoming events
I just came into the new century.
I got a blackberry
Fun dip and TheBachelor with a fellow Israeli
J: think before you act.
K: think about how you think.
Think at beginning and end of research process.
Just think?
Frizzy hair?
Try Moroccan oil treatments  argon oil products, repair damage, control frizz, use in damp or doctor hair!
Pick some up today!
The largest cell in the
Negative simile FTW.
of mice and men vibes all day
Someone to Watch Over Me George  Ira Gershwin is a key work in the Great American Songbook.
Here's Frank...
fb.me/1fPXpxJrC
u go David!
Ur going to leave that paralegal job for the acting world.
Seems that things are taking off there!
thank you for the candid blog post and maintaining the cuphalffull attitude.
Puts my writing life in perspective.
Don't act smart 
thanks!
I appreciate the feedback!!
Sore throat today!
Boo!
Hoping lots of hot tea will do the trick today.
Thanks to all who attended last night's fabulous benefit reading of Noel Coward's SEMIMONDE.
Stay tuned for pics from the event!
U got it!
RT: Yes look forward to that : MUST attend expowest with and me!
we missed you masterminders!
Billy George, HELLO!
Video: Janet Jackson Shows Off Slimmed Bod in Nutrisystem Ad
Just starting first season of Sherlock, so I'm trying to watch as slowly as possible.
Which is not easy, as I'm sure you know!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes around San Antonio.
FREE clinic with Coach Winterton 03/10/12 at the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am for anyone registered in the tournament!!
New Linkin Park and Jason misterz music!
Striving to rise in ranks among universities builds conservative culture that hinders them from adapting to new enviroment
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
So good to see u at the club!
I really fux w u man
I have three types of fmister scans: Diffusion Weighted Images, Functional Series and High Resolution Anatomical.
Know of cool 4D viewers????
Thanks Renata!
Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway from Sephora Inside JCPenney
when honestly there was nothing between us/3
San Diego area runners: Check out the Marathon  bit.ly/sdhalf.
It's happening March 11th, but if you sign up now, it's only 60!
Big hit for the red head right there
What Up
I got a haircut on Sunday.
Its my new icon if you want to see...not that anyone does but yeah.
Im bout hungry AF
Thank you we liked you back!
:
RT morning, though its evening already here hehe : : Goodmorning :
Think not to the thorns in your feet  Think not to the journey.
We move and breathe in Him.
::aradhna::herana::
...a major contribution...
Donald R.
Shaffer, author of After the Glory: The Struggles of Black Civil War
you promised purple!
proud of you kid ; when I cone home in July your doctorving me all over town :p
get rid of the first one this is the new one......long story....
why the fuck would I pay for you?
Like hello ain't no body told you to quit your job.
Who can I really trust...??
:o !!this on up give i okay okay
It's hard to clean windows in this weather.
So I am taking advantage of it and staying home with my boy.
We are building a huge fort today!
YouCuteAndAllBut your breath stinks.
cry me a river so I can swim around and laugh in it hahaha
Music suggestion: the crack smokin grannies
I was happy 2 see u!
Seeing that us 3 dont kick it like were used to.
:
trying to rush the week
Ambition is priceless, its something in your veins
that's what I thought.
Summer Teacher of the Year wkshop w/ African Art  teaching collection pieces of his.
i hate always retweeting but the posts tonight are awesome :D
Get There Early Cause Next2Naked WILL BE PACKED!
Get There Early!
WILL BE PACKED!
Get There Early!
WILL BE PACKED!
Get There Early!
Props to musician, Latin Jazz fiend and tweeter extraordinaire, Chip Boaz.
Nothing but pearls in his tweets, blogs and articles.
Vaya!
Let's get this going!
I want if you leave by omd
RT : Smh at people who are hating on the people who are just simply expressing their feelings and love for loved ones.
what u getting
Skype intro'd a new version for Windows that enables Facebook users to videoconference in HD without Skype subscriptions.
Greg, those flower closeups are fantastic!
:
I'll go with you and hold my hand over your mouth :
Its a hairdoctorer, we need hair
don't call me BAE , I don't like that shit .
J's in the 1st half, kobe's in the 2nd RT : Fact: Lehigh is now 20 since has sported a headband.
it would make not just my day but my year if you would reply to me
Dinna date with my baby chi chi :
Ginobili is one of the best at getting open.
Sharp cuts, deception, makes low contact with defender, quick first step.
Your article How the Game is Played beautifully illustrates why I love you!
I went abt 9:30 last nite  racks wr bare RT : Did any of my tweeoples get any pieces from the Missoni Target collection?
my tweeps...follow for your naz athletics info.
Follow your alma mater!
And we're back for act two.
A rather somber beginning.
But very necessary given the subject matter.
it took every second of the season, but Vintage Brett Favre came back
Hanging out backstage getting ready to play a packed out show in Farmland IN!
Killa!
:
Super excited to see at the !!!!
Will I see you at McCoy on Saturday?
and let me get you a library membership while we're at it!
email me: and will do ASAP!
Sitting in a session at AASL11 in Minneapolis where the weatheris lovely worried about the snow in NY.
Doesn,t make sense!
: I love boobies.
Yep we know lol
Cheers to , two for two today
getting answer from TD Gugger that set in2motion be4showSay no Tommy.
Say no.
Thank You to everyone who participated in our first MDA fundoctoriser.
We raised 300 before first break!
GREAT JOB JAILBIRDS!
Is the printer being a jerk again?
i wonder what they did with all of his sweaters?
lets be real here, cosby and him are the two sweater kings.
wow that song really is stuck in your head..I had fun today we got to do it again before you leave:
What is discussed at triverahappyhour stays at
Yes !
planning a actionactotracademy mixer next week RT : we gotta hang before you leave brotha
VEGAS!!
Where are you staying and where is your blackjackismycalling dealer?
I am impresed that you know who that is!
:
hey how much are the tickets for six flags??
if you we're to follow me back id be the happiest girl in the world, i always watch keeping up with the kardashian, iloveyou!
Despite whatever ...
Am really Happy and Feeling so much special !
I'm gonna make it on my own
We want the funk, so give up the funk...
Bitch better have my money!
...
has a ring to it?
Me too.
It's been one of my new favorites this year.
Love The Touch too.
Hey Amazon, if you're listening, please get more Doctor Who on instant video!
hi edward!
is gonna go for the Moosekiller.
wish her luck.
Apparently everyone here owns a dictionary and im the only who has yet to figure its use
So psyched for the Tuesday night program.
Always one of the best at the conference.
i LOVE your birds  blooms of the 50 states  i am working on 50 states of wedding invitations based on each state's flower
'Master Exploder' always makes me laugh.
thank you for da song
OMG IT WAS ALEC!
Wow lol sorrrryyyy definitely thought it was his friend who also works there hahaha
IAmTrae App Download That Shit Now!
Jr Seau was shot and killed 
My sources indicate Peyton is currently having a contract constructed by the Titans.
Oh my Gawd
Needs to get a Kindle version.
I use to wait on people..but that gets old real fast!!!
Do you think Teague learned those moves from Jeremy Lin
have fun tonight!
and be sure those shoes are tied lol!
good to hear your voice!
That annoying moment when you accidentally destroy your paper while erasing.
i miss you daddy please come home soon.
okay a cat!!!!!!
do you have a cat?
Come see us at Ugly Juanita's on Beale!
We got the grindfather on sale and will be cuttin up all day!!
Let's Go Grizz!!!
2012: Tao, Primal Lifestyle, Survival.
After this massive hangover...
RT  Upcoming shoot: sports themed!!!
I need to get my hands on a Miami Dolphins jersey!
:
Today was an amazing day with and
ConfessionNight ..
Goin Out  Partyin Got Old A Long Time Ago For Me But I'm Not Gonna Lie I Still Sip But Only Beer  At My Crib
I love you!
You couldn't be any more awesome!!!
omg funny you say that cuz I just opened the financial aid package and it's my best one...ur wish may come true!!!
probably i cant remember the last time i even played pacman..
might just have to play right quick
Found my missing tomcat with a cut in his thigh tonight.
Not sure how he got injured, but happy he is alive
josswhedon is my director crush...
I MUST work with him one day!
Congrats!
Now there is only one boss fight left!
No booking fee for flights  www.purefuntravel.rovia for preferred customers
WELL DUH U TOLD ME THIRD PERIOD THAT UVE BEEN BACK TOGETHER FOR A WHILE NOW!
yeah, but do you still get laid?
Thanks Kyle!
I appreciate it!
Playlist of tonight will be in the form of the following tweets
I really need a reply on but it's just, we can't never be online at the same time :
i know , he hugged me  i was just rubbing his back !
lol
If you don't want to talk to me, just tell me.
I won't be offended.
You have to find out who you are outside of who wish you were and who someone else wants you to be ; x
Everybody go follow She's AWESOME, bubbly, cute, and OUTGOING
Three words are never enough
I have not tried it.
I don't think it appeals to me either.
I like the flavour of Coffee too much.
A dead possum has been near my house for 3 days now,just found out animal control won't come get it.So it's just going to decompose??
Ugh.
Not gonna post the poison ivy pic.
i suppose an Oxytocin/GDP link brings new meaning to getting f by the government.
Yes, yes, you really are popular.
Cough Cough Slut Cough Cough
I sound like a corny wanna be superhero, but  .
.
.
just doing my job You can see the originals in Bancroft library on campus.
And peanut butter!
: RT : We can almost smell the weekend.
It kinda smells like hot fudge
good morning!
Looking amazng as usual!
welcome back.
RT : How does Puerto Rico have a national anthem...
They're...
America  hahaha!
MOJOES CASH GIVEAWAYS ALL DAT ..
SPECIAL GUEST FROM DA WEST COAST TONIGHT !!!!
I'm gonna go get an Xbox and Kinect..
What games should I get?
cool.: and I love your hair.3 
Shoutout To Our New Listeners 
I sent you my picture book query today.
Thanks again for answering all my questions.
The Bruins have had some chances, still not good on the PP.
Joe Corvo still scares me on defense.
Need to score 1st
u comin thru to the shoot next weekend
I'm sorry but I do not like boyfriend.
Love the enthusiasm about solar  energy production needs to be transparent  honest
When the pastelitto lady doesn't come by your room 
Great anything new going on?keep an eye out for our next networking event
thanks Jilly.
Really appreciate that.
I really hate when I email someone and expect a reply, because I inevitably glue myself to my inbox...staring...refreshing...and waiting.
And we got ah good thang, don't know if ima see you again!
Dear Brewer pitchers, please do not let the dbags score again.
I can't take any more techno music.
Moscow Mules never go out of style!
: Whoadie b acting do fake to me smh Oh Yeah That's How U Feel, U Know I Don't Miss A Beat!!!
Ppl are so funni.
Wow.
Shark Night is really hard to follow along with all things considered.
haha, i would do exactly the same :D
Scoop on Twitter?
: THIS NIGGA WIT THESE FREE THROWS MAN!!!
Game over
Pacers kicked ass last night!
You got swagg 4 Kickn it wit CHIEF..guilty by association..
Babyy
As a resident in your district, I'm asking you that you do not support the SOPA and PIPA legislation.
oh you know just that one guy!
LOL!!!!!
omg...where was this?
How have your workouts been??
Can't sleep :P
how are you so calm about being second string, I'm angry that your not the starter I seem more angry then you!
LOL
Don't sell yourselfshort  sell yourself on HRResourcePortal.Com
Decision?
Today Do I chg.
my DishTV pkg.
to save  to pay the Tally Democrat 8.95 month for Tally legislature info during this session?
I did just now haha.
IKR I CALL UNFAIRNESS.
oops that's not a work
it's going to be pretty embarassing to tell kids what life was like preinternet.
well there was this thing called an encyclopedia...
We don't leave it live on our website b/c we don't want to confuse any customers into thinking it's still active once lifted.
15 EARTH DAY TIPS that really make a difference....
Exactly what I was thinking, great marketing on his part!
Design Tip: Spruceup your cabinets for the new year by changing or adding new hardware.
Greta is like the perfect amusebouche version of you!
Ginsburg asks how a state officer will know a stopped person is removable which is a complex inquiry
not even sure yet bro you?
Ok....I think we are all caught up on orders now!
That feels good!
Follow back ?
:/
you don't grind, you don't shine..
What was I thinking not eating before I left...
He picking out baby names I'm picking out wedding rings
I'm following my Photography teacher on twitter.
Hi, mister Tangredi.
:3
Can't wait for spring...
looking forward to spending time at Brooklyn Botanic Garden on the 31st of January for Plantorama!
Watching Remember the Titans this movie gets me every time!
cryingariver for real.
thanks so much!
Glad you're enjoying it!!
:
Sophocles No general can fight his battles alone
My wife just put coconut oil on my head to try to repair my doctor scalp..
I smell like a coconut cookie
Note to Mitt Romney: Best comfort food after a political thrashing is cheese grits.
Step it up tommorow granger lets get a win tommorow Go pacers !!!!!
Beat the heat
Sometimes the smallest things in life can turn out to make the biggest difference.
I've always wanted to run a library that focuses on older forms of erotica.
Hey there!
My email is 
awww: did you see my facebook?
im uploading all the videos noww!
You'll be fine lol...better get them all in before the main event haha
aw : hehe thank you!
So first is sent to A now, s hurt.
And Gardner.
And Mo.
And Joba.
What do I do with my life??
Why does my internet connection doctorp every hour?
It used to work well
Setting an alarm to wake you up on your phone  sleeping right through it : 
Everytime it gets halfway you have to go and mess it all up.
Damn I hate starting over.
I was super pissed when I saw you had a new twitter and I didn't know until I read your tweets and then I felt pure joy
MS Word has been removed from the dock.
Hello Pages.
Honored to be part your FF!
Getting back on our Twitter game is important to us.
It's great to look up to experts like you!
I would, but I'm just too bummed.
Did you have fun today?
i met him and got to hug him!!!
Lol: he is so sweett!!!!
I FINALLY FOUND YOU!
I'VE LOOKING FOR YOUR TWITTER FOREVER.
I LOVE YOU 3 OMG !!!!!
:
New Phoenix Tote Board Total   1,420,377!!!!
THANK YOU PHOENIX FOR REACHING OUR GOAL!!!!!
he told me he would hitmewitdahamma I told him ima throw him wit this sweetcookie...
:
Omg its xmas time to get hype :
Seriously  who thought it was a good idea to take away the Applications menu?
Are apps in Linux not hard enough to find as it is?
Sagarin Ratings for the Front Range: 80.
Colorado State; 81.
Denver; 84.
Colorado; 170.
Air Force; 250.
UNC
Glad that AmericanHorrorStory has been picked up for a second season.
Good writing, inventive characters and a great cast.
Goodnight Seouls.
I've been on all day and I have to get up early tomorrow.
n.n ttyl
wht up wit u
let's talk wiz
Back in my office, for the day.
and all is right with the world...good night.
Thats an amazing start to your day!
Weights in the am..
Hi how are you?..Yes it's nice to meet me!
Approx 20,000 ppl involved in planning from volunteers to handcrafters to city officials to many more!
Fosters and Pizza, The Best start of my Day is Bin Laden is DEAD !
GO NAVY SEALS
Read street baby...
Good discussion of teaching poetry, too.
I'm not sure what the hell they are.
I'm sure he's been to the shrink quite a few times.
Have a great one!
Have you tried 's new gluten free brew?
Tweason'ale?
This gluten free gal loves it!
Finally, one with flavor!
forgot u were in TX!
Called you to get your butt over to and get credit!
I need a shave, a shower, and a nap.
I am only one, but I am one.
I cannot do everything, but I can do something.
Edward Everett Hale
Associate order with freedom, peace, and sanity, you will find organizing to be less threatening and more inviting.
Steve is good it was No 1 this week.
!
what's their excuses for being late all the other times???
We shouldn't have to pay a fare if the wait is longer than 15 min!
great time at scotland run today.
perfect conditions, great atmosphere.
congrats to all runners.
round two
RT: TIP: Before engaging in a stressful discussion with your childoctorn, take a moment to smoke a bowl to relax.
thts fine with me!
I can be ur it girl!:
Did u hear?
Secret Circle got cancelled.......I am so sad
I hate people who lack the sense of a common person
Comedy show next Sunday classic starring Buckwild, Smokey,  Friends hmu for tix
Carroll: information Environmentalism: let's make it as easy to do OA as it is to recycle
6.6 is good.
That's almost 7.
I can run across the street and then I'm tired.
Heh The 1st week was terrible!
Haha but today..
where do you
FollowFriday Because they inspire the crap out of me:
follow me back please?
:
I can't stand daytime TV...
haha forget the book
Catching up on GoT!
It's getting complicated.
Cuddle up to my FREE songs, Love to send you some of my Frank S, Tony B, Dean type music of mine mp3.
Just message me your email addoctorss.
I don't like the song RT I don't like this hyfr vid
ZBO putting in work.
Or when a green dinosaur cuts me off RT : Everytime I see a smart car on the road I start reaching for a red Mario Kart shell.
those look awesome!
i loves them 
I'm a project manager
The ideal Carmelo is a problem or reason team loses n playoffs is craziness.
Team game u must have better team not just a better player.
when people make fun of what you're wearing...I'm about to go on stage for dance.
vancouver  We're giving away 200 worth of Gift Cards today!
RT  Follow to Enter!
3 : Man I Love Girls that Can Cook
RT Q5 So many others too!
Multichannel engagementanalytics, increased need and adoption across business units.
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: Nashville museum that houses Elvis' gold cadillac  piano
fair enough.
I'm old
I decided this morning that I need to smile more.
Really smile.
Not some fakeyfake smile.

Wake up sleeper!
It's times to shine!
We are the light of the world!
We're a city on the hill....
We gotta shine!
Shine bright!
Bummer.
Get well soon!
VOA's: If you would like to audition for upcoming titles send an audiobook demo: .
YOU MUST have audiobook experience!
Live Fierce.
You got it!!
I finally bought the DVD!!
Have watched it SEVERAL times already!!
Whats next for you??
Another movie??
your coworker in..
a library.
The very embodiment of socialism.
???
Unless you work in a private corporate library...
I'd meet him in a fitting room any day 
Pretty sure....might change to 6:30p depending on when Tye gets off :
Just had RJ's for the first time.
I like short thick girls the most
Come and get a pound of our fresh shrimp ceviche!!!
and don't forget to get a bag of our tortilla chips!!
Yum!
Ardbeg  Lagavulin.
However, Lagavulin 12 is supposedly the the Lagavulin 16 to be, that tastes so good at 12 they bottle it.
I wonder what Jordan's gonna do for the GMYH music video
happy birthday to excellent tweeters and writers and !
lol not quite yet, i am a bit mature for my age aha.
it's a little bit mystery, a little bit conspiracy, preWWII US, and a little bit of science :
KEI has a medical spanish course in
Let Pride Financial, one of our newer neighbors on Fremont, help you w/ your financial planning.
Trying to stay warm and doctor during the rain.
We need it lake levels are low.
I endorse this desire.
Hi Nourishing NYC, thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too.
Great cause, love NYC!
Excuse me,I may be lost,Can you give me directions to wherever you're going?
follow back mama
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
35
think ur doing just fine : Every fball show I listen to ur name always comes up as 1 of best in biz even not Pats centered 1s.
Happy Mother's Day
She likes me
no plans here, how about you?
the crash issues were fixed with 5.0.1 but when I keep the app running in the bg without using it after a few mins it closes itself.
I cant even fucking talk without almost crying.i dont know whats wrong with me anymore.im with my best friend and cant even talk.
Data Center Director perm position / job in South Florida.
Ping me for details at
Has my savior come by yet to kill my friends?
Imma watch tv.
:
I had that 'LP'..Queen 'A day at the races'..hahaha..
Anyone coming out Wednesday at Tomcats West with ??
5 bucks!
at Phoenix of Charlotte on 4.20.12 ...Tickets will sell out.
Come show some love.
EDM trancefamily events.
downloading  playing w the archivematica vm demo is well documented, relatively easy
Bout to put it down with and the Maurice Brown Effect tonight in Little Rock Arkansas...7 and 830pm sets, rain or shine!!
I keep my standards pretty low, mama.
That way I won't be disappointed.
From Otis doctorftwood in the movie, The Devil's Rejects.
Thanks, Stan Dorn, Paul Kendoctorck, Claudia Page 4 straighttalk webinar on enrolling more ppl in safety net programs w/new health care law.
Lesson from scandal, never turn your back after threatening a crazy, devious politician
5 is my lucky number, so I need one.
got the invite.
How many fit on the thing?
Need to see if Sarah is down.
Arielle, meet my good friend george  you should probably know each other.
lets make it happen!
hook us up!
omg I just screamed so loud!!!!!
U deserve it!!!
RT : RT : Are you saving for college?
Here are some great tips from SmartShopper !...
Thanks to our helpers and for the trip prep tonight.
Gas up the busses and let's get on the road to Nashville!
I'm just to legit for words.
You'll be screaming my name one day.
Just watch.
ok ill email it to you!!
There is a crisp chill and a lively breeze which will make for some great sailing on Biscayne Bay this afternoon.
good night sis love ya!
Sad that Brian Dawkins is retiring.
One of my top 3 Eagles of ALLTIME.
Guy is a HOFer and a beast.
Wish he would never have left Philly
You go to Angel Opening Day, but no Dodgers Opening Day?!
Still your home for Dodger Baseball?
whatareyouaboutrightnow ?
New milestone in euroidiocy as Greece gets 2nd bailout, but agrees to further crash their economy by austerity and remaining in the euro.
If you steal a bait car too , then you'll be fully mexican RT : I wanted to get doctornk and eat tacos man
do they each have one of their own?
or do they all share one?
lol :
that's awesome!
They're little escape artists so I'm always surprised when people manage to hold on to them!
Must love you
Can't eat nothing till 9:00 .
Living Is The Most Important Thing...ToMeRightNow!
Thanks for letting us know we made your Saturday better!
: Amazing Post on 12Most today.
Thanks for the inspiration!
it's been 1 year since bin laden was assassinated!
so happy and grateful someone so full of hate isn't in this world!
Good Monday morning, Twitterverse!
I hope a good weekend was had by all.
My back is killing me today!
;
right?
We love it!
At 3rd and lindsley seeing the dunwells and martin sexton.
Awesome!!!
dear , i want to listen to your songs all day.
Restt In Peace, Etta James .
Youu Were A Wonderful Singer 3 Definitely WIll Be Missed .
Hey how are you.
Give it up for Milfs!
Am I right?
Need to see if my Crack Head will flat iron my hair
you make movies omg xD
don't hate.
Sixers won't win.
Period.
I can't get out much anymore...
work work work.
but it might just be a good year for tstorms!
I've worked on lots of other image tagging tools, but I'm really excited about TILE, so I had to mention it.
: O'Death, Charlie Parr, tba confirmed at Cactus Wed., June 6, 9pm!
more details soon...
Fuck yes
AlMarzooq: Why AlWefaq only Shia,?
it isn't party's choice but because regime attempts to divide to make it a sectarian issue
Thank you!
3
Amazing night with my gurls Alexa Alyssa Nicole Vanessa and some boys especially Malcolm!!!!
Just donated one of two steak bakes to a homeless man, his stomach will feel like it dined in the ritz tonight, poor lad :/
Obviously, is a deft observer of baseball.
His knowledge of House of Fame Left Backstop Carl Ripken is remarkable.
Firstever 3 p.m.
newscast to launch in Denver Wow.
Thats a perfect gift, hope u recieve it.
thoses are two different team two different types of teacher....
you will not have leaps or turns
hahaha, that's too funny!!
I bet you'll be super productive now that you've realized this!
haha
if I learned anything from last night, it's that doesn't necessarily have moves like jagger...
haha
So bored!
watching my dad play ps3 demos, sweet
nose bong.
your welcome, and aww thanks, i would have asked you to come by at my office, and bring me coffee hahahahahha :P
No thanks got one
Awesome!
glad we were able to make it happen!
It's the first episode of Supercommittee!
Wonder who's going to get eliminated today?
I'm thinking Gary Busey.

The text I sent Mel last night  Hahaha :D
Awesome obit...
Or maybe Im just Tacky.
But i thought it was great.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 0:22 in 2nd buccaneers redskins nfl
FLY RT : Chilling wit the homie in my new avi!!!
ForeverFly Power Move!!!
RT : DMCA Ah, I spoke too soon.
DVD CCA / AACS LA counsel showing off a recording he made of a DVD using a smartphone camera.
I know some soldiers in here, where they at?
i'm kind of in love with because last night
: 15 Days and counting
To help you eat a wellbalanced meal try dividing plate into quarters  one for protein, one for carbs and two for fruits or vegetables.
Alright Laker fans  there's no need to boo LO
People couldn't get any slower.
PrincessCiera
DAMN this tweeting thing everyday is hard!
OnMyGrind to make sure everybody knows Whatzup with JenoLo Clothing
Heading out to Mayhem!
Tonight I put together a picnic table and started hanging a prehung door.
Take that bob vila.
Simple Methods of Detection of Adulterants in Food Products
I do so many weird things at this time o.O
Manny Parra is doing well, as long as you keep him out of pressure situations.
I hope everyone has a fantastic Thanksgiving and remember to be thankful for all the great things you are blessed with!
life can be planned to a degree but karma gets in the way of intentional living.
It's a balance between planning  responding
Retweet this if this happens to you..
You get all snuggled up and comfortable in your bed..
Then you realize dammit I have to pee!
Thanks for following guys!!
Check out some of our videos and music at reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
Giant Eagle on Rt 8 the one fourth down closer to Pittsburgh they just built last year or so
.
thanks for all the ideas lovelies!
Xx
Come to Bonds TV  Electronics in Austin after 11:30am today  get coupon for free 3'x6' banner courtesy of
Time to work on these abs of mine.
What's the best product you have used for your hair in NM?
Let us know what works!
hair
Race changed to human on my mage, the game has lost some appeal to me.
Omg....mama bought some cookies :
The Turnaround: When humans stop programming robots and robots start programming humans.
Great episode of Game of Thrones this evening.
Loving season 2 but can't believe it's almost over yet again :
Mayweather gettin that Scrooge McDuck paper for this fight
Jesus Steven Tyler!
Please don't ever sing the Star Spangled Banner again!!!
thanks so much nice of you to say that
Team members from all over the world are in Singapore this week for our first Dell Worldwide Imaging Marketing  Sales Summit.
Happy birthday !
Three years of caring, feeding  cleaning your doodie.
And I still haven't lost any of my pregnancy weight.
The year is already looking brighter!
good come thru
Sundays are more enjoyable when the Vikings are doing well!!
welcome to twitter babycakes
y lie on ya dick doe..u dont get no pussy!!!!
lmao
Yay!
We got inside!
:D
Any interest in 25 stake in bus company operating between Hunan and Yunnan provinces?
Exclusively licensed.
10 yr operating history.
only two more chances for Uncle Mike.
tonight and next Saturday, midnight:30,
if that article says neon colors and animated gifs I will be screaming AMEN ;
Oh  4 If our classes weren't an HOUR long .
this is true.
This Roland SPdSx is ungodly...
So Awesome!!!!
POOF!!!!
doctorving toi STL, lots of soggy fields in S.
Illinois.
Just killed worlds biggest mosquito.
I honestly wasn't sure if it was two mosquitos having sex.
That big.
Thrilling, I know.
TWITTER TWITTER BEYONCE one of the prettiest women i have seen
why is my internet so slow!
I can't even play Pandora :
Hola Floridians!
Check out for a chill time
meet Gooble gobble, we accept you, one of us!
need to play some fly union
Lets Go !!
yes sir I am.
Where'd you go?!
On Track to the Kingdom is available for ur kindle, nook, iPad and eReader
Ohh am I glad to be home
im god!
: how are you!
Happy mothers day to all my fellow mommies out there!!!!
:
Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before.
who's Shane?
Traffic on the road to las vegas is the best.
Aww shucks jayhawks kentucky's a great team, you didn't play well, and there's always next year.
my SDA cousins never eat meat on the Sabbath.
Random ass nigga .
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
I do this all the time on vacation!
Have a picture in front of Lahaina Public Library :
I hope you get to come to the house...you're one of my favorite of sissy's friends ; haha
hey what if?
not the outcome I was hoping for should have won!
RT : Questions of whether UK could beat an NBA team are ludicrous.
Wizards or Raptors would run then out of the frickin' gym.
: Scorpio is not afraid to cut you down to get what they want.
ruthless
Playstation network back up, bout time.
Im about to go to footlocker !!!!
Before I was my hair hopefully none sees Me nappy headed
Here it is, everyone!
Jon Herington of Steely Dan is playing live in the Trustman Gallery on Jan 31st!
Be sure to come by!
Hey Ladies!!
we're getting it in for yall...
we have jeans, shirts, doctorsses, bags, sandals, AND heels!!!
come on by  check us out!!!!!!
Thanks for following back :
Oh, I'm all for it  I just got like 6 of em in the last few days.
haha yeah that's for sure!!!!
Except Biology.
That's a little bit harder but it's not a buzz kill like history.
TRIPLE OT
To EVERYTHING.
that's funny.
What age group are you looking to teach?
it might b all of them, but I went 2 the one on rockside in beford.
doing homework:/
I'm str8 up in a country club right now smh the things vagina compelled u to do
BOUT TO BACK OUTSIDE
Self doubt cancer of creativity
Because ActiveSync has caused so many sec issues, we can't allow progress/productivity!
Name 1 maj iPhone Sec incident..
go To my moms lmao
Food Network is doing entirely too many D marathons  guess I won't be watching that channel for awhile...
It pains me to pull for the Wild and Ducks, but....sigh
Huge black spider ambling cross the kitchen floor.
Quoth the swatter, nevermore.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 38
I'm tired and want to focus on my real job
Have we thoroughly vetted the possibility that Jeff Suppan was created by Tony LaRussa to destroy the Brewers in every possible way?
so excited about !
definitely going!
Also There's loads of research about why it doesn't work in most careers.
RT : Good plans shape good decisions.
That's why good planning helps to make elusive doctorams come true  Lester R.
Bittel
Today was such a creatively and socially satisfying day  thanks to art and other artists that made my day!
:
I find Chris Brown extremely attractive along with Adam Levine 3
when does the online oxygen thing start?
Well what the fuck am I gunna do now .'
Nothing like a beautiful, lazy Sunday afternoon at fireflycupcakes!
yup yup!!
Karaoke is BACK ON tomorrow!!!
Sorry for the confusion!
i don't see how that could ever happen.
nice job!
In the theater, about to see The Hunger Games!
W00T!
Here's a Keys to the Game  Get More Runs!
You've been on my heart today sweet friend!
We're open tomorrow at 7 am for you last minute shoppers  get breakfast, get a gift card, enjoy your day!
An old west train robbery tonight.
looking forward to a good time w/ you and this weekend.
3 Fri.
I'm busy.
But sat.
I'm not ;
I finally got to 100 followers.
Ok, I am not here very much but will be here more from now on.
Who will be 101?
Wish I was home but grateful that work is going fairly well.
I just keep thinking of everything I need to do before Wednesday at home though
Jammin to MoTown with dad on the commute home.
Such a great evening
How does one start the Viagra conversation with their doctor?
and that's the beauty of vinyl.
Remove, reapply and your paint is still perfect.
them's fighting words, son!
Currently seeking national theatre actors for upcoming stage play productions.....all inquiries welcomed.
Garlic bread too?
Actually, coming from Spanish, it's more of a little pod pod!
nah, that's not a job, that's a state of being ;
So damn hot in my house 
Hi Bill.
Have a question for you.
Hit me at kung fu when you get a chance.
Have you been in a cave??
;
Twitter is proof that you're never too old to have imaginary friends.
New  awesome.
Good to hear from him again...track 1 on first mp3 player I ever got was Southern Streets Freestyle.
Get to spend the night in my new house tomorrow!:..
You can be hero, ill be the sidekick, you rain in the storm wen its pouring, or you can be the sun shining in the morning.
Last night: Amazing!
Really looking forward to the next couple days here in FL.!
Thanks to everybody here for being awesome!!
the NAM and GFS forecast models have a high of 68 in MKE Sunday...with an easterly wind!
haha...silly forecast models.
My dad had an uncle.
Despite his old age, he was always in front of our door early morning on Friday to bring me Kheer.
Memories hurt badly.
You are the star that complets my constilation
OMG  I can't wait need to set my Tivo!
UW playing PSU for a spot in the title game, not for the title.
all I know is big oil creates jobs
thanks!
We have floor tix.
See you there!
Obama: All Americans deserve equal rights.
Romney: Only a priveleged selection of Americans deserve rights.
now pick one!
Those folks need to get over it.
Orlando is and always will be a big attraction for obvious reasons.
Hey ppl, I'm watching GG.
Golden Girls, right?
People are so ignorant...Englisg isn't everyone's first language
BMI is crap.
According to the one my doctor gave me I am obese and another I just took has me as overweight.
No way.
Downtown LA at night
yay!
We can learn together!
Great.
Now neither team will win.
RT : Senior Bowl to hire former Browns GM Phil Savage as Executice Director.
NowPlaying.
Whitney Houston.
Exhale.
All I wanted was a Mt Dew Slushie...
Think I could get that?
No.
It's either White Out or Shock Freeze...
fail Sheetz, fail.
Seriously.
Reform starts from the ground up through open dialogue and engaging in a continuous exchange of ideas.
It's decentralized
What happened to your blog?
On my way back home
I am here
Ready to watch some players selected in the NFL doctorft tonight
Whoever tries out for lead guitar in our band gets free Shock Tarts.
And we'll make Creepy Crawlers after the tryout.
Why so soon?
Why does this 4 yr.
stock market run feel so fake and the economic recovery seem like the snowman between my sons?
The antiglare materials we have tested all have a rainbowing look in sunlight.
We only offer our military grade clear protection.
Sorry to hear about your site.
Pls follow  DM the primary domain so we can check the status of your ticket CH
i'm done!
done with all my coursework.
except two easy classes tomorrow.
and those five finals next week.........
MyBiggestProblem Worrying about things I shouldn't worry about.
You've got your hands up, you're rocking in my truck; you've got the radio on, you're singing every song.3
Where have you been all my life?
Yep.
It's a shame.
I think doctorke should be opening up for on this tour in houston.
Hes hotter right now.
Pause
well, I don't watch any of those shows
Hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!
hm.
Ill check on it.
The managers may have it on private because it is finished with production and set to release.
we don't see eachother enough so we turned the away game into a game we were could doctornk.
If you knew my trials, you'd understand my joy...
: Oh my, ads on Rush Limbaugh?
Bad business decision!
IMO.
StopRush FLushRUsh he is a male chauvinist!
where is that from ?
And now for Anthony Davis and One Shining Unibrow
I rest my case.
thanks for the RT.
What a big news day for local places.
SO happy you joined us and brought along last night.
Lesson 2 re sex assault claims: provide both parties with adequate time  info to prepare for a hearing.
Attention shoppers: If you just got a DM from me, it is SPAM.
l've already changed my password.
Apologies.
Do not click on that link!
he gonna be alright I be high up there too
tweet me names for Dear
fantastic, any reviews, good or bad, let me know.
it'll be on amazon  all others, plus order from bkstores in about 2 wks.
UK has the best practice facilities and top notch resources to give their players the best tools to develop into the best player
1st person on a 1 p.m.
conference call.
Should the organizer be 1st?
Should I start singing into an empty conference bridge?
some people i really just cannot stand...
at all
ignore them there losers
prayforjapan just terrible.
Thanks Matt.
Looking forward to being on the west coast for a while.
According to Elias J.
Richardson was actually the last F to do so on 4/15/08.
I really wish the NBA specified b/w SF and PF
I love when people say 'Girl you are preaching to the choir', kills me every time.
I'm still at school ,I'm starving
my phone is racist, it finishes any thing ni to nigga and not allowed to and minorities popped in.
dam you microsoft!!
I am the ow in the word now!
spread the word about stopkony ?
CJ can get one in tonight!!!!
I feel it!!
SportingKC go lilrookie go!!
Great workout this morning!
Great to see our regulars
You need to do a cover of Magnet and Steel!
Excellent show last night in DC.
Sorry we're a town of working stiffs!
lo hate game smh
Twitter on iPad 
YES PLEASE 3
dad's been home for a month now and he's doing incredible ...
thank you everyone for your prayers 3
ImminentDanger Stanley, MJS managing editor: you can see why it is such a problem to come to agreement.
People turn to personal agendas
Aw, the Obamas are hosting a Burt Bacharach concert in the East Room next week
I don't know of I could stay up to watch it all!
:o
Off to an audition.
Improv.
I love these types of auditions.
There's a difference between the two!
These things are important!
;
Me right now tbh.
: Physically in school but not mentally there.
sotired senior12prblms
RiseofthePlanetoftheApes .
such a great movie.
Caesar is home
Felipe Melo STILL trending?
Damn
Freezing my ass off; how is it this cold right now?
yo gotti is on my xbox live friends list
Boyle was told that his apparent SHG was waves off for a kick.// loooool
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments.
Jobseekers, hope to meet you during HireFriday today!
DM for info on newest job openings through Cambridge.
surviving summer camp day 3....
exhausted!!
just glad the kids are having fun
Same shit different day .
I gotta text message that just pissed me off G.Kirkland
Euribor rates edge closer towards euroera low
Happy Cinco de doctornko!
Stay safe everyone!
ONE MONTH COUNTDOWN
Sounds good, if Mike needs a reference have him contact Dave at Picciones', they know each other.
Ready and waiting for you and Alison Bechdel!
Walkups are welcome.
Come on down.
People are already lining up outside Best Buy in Richfield for Black Friday deals!
Find out what they want on WCCO Radio at 9am.
yuh.
i saw ya'll at sweat records a while back at the metro zu show.
message me mayne
And where I live..
my fault.
I was riding a bike : TardyForTheParty RT : Omg  and just walked in.
Woot!
smcnsb
you're so cute!
what is all the stuff we have to look up?
Cuz then i can do mine.
Otherwise i'll have to do it tmister.
My brother  nephew registered for comp admission for today's event.
They just give their names once they arrive?
I Move House Too Much, I Really Wanna Park It Somewhere.
ah...
Literally a clothes line...
I wanted to see a wrestling move!!!
Beautiful Women A Get A Nigga Fucked Up!!
Listening to 300Soundtrack while lifting turns a good workout into an epic battle between iron and beast.
Ron Paul doesn't want to go to the moon b/c when he was a boy , the moon was commonly thought of as the god of the underworld.
just had a physical done and got a good ole 2 finger salute from the doctordamn getting old sucks
3 for the first round on 13 on kinect.
Four 3jacks though.
doctorphil should fucking shut up and not call things that are funny raisest...look i just seid nigga...I am white..does that that matt ...
God Morning!!:
sure would be nice if ATT upgrades their services.
Free Mixtape!!
Hit Me up for a tracked out version...
Dear Kaylee, I LOVE YOUR NAME, K?
We need to talk more, btw.
You seem epik in my book tho.: Tweetmeupsometime.!
Love, Tatsiana
...
If I were a Smurf I would be Jokey ...
That guy was awesome!
:
Shame on them!
Mine will be 27 years this June 15th!
Just got off work tired as hell..
finna go fantastic4: make myself disappear, flame up, stretch out and sleep like a rock
So and can't find anything in government to cut.
What do you people think?
haha do you have a facebook?
Ooh, that sounds good.
I haven't had decent cornbread in awhile.
Pumpkin soup and fudge cake :
First Lady is in Dallas
Scholars don't understand the role of librarians, esp in the digital humanities
I don't understand the way men operate...
Amazed by lack of media attention on stock market this week.
Not even an article in NY Post.
Govt must be controlling negative news now
dan admitted to me that he thinks hes mentally slow...
i knew it
Happy International Women's Day!
Band together with women worldwide to celebrate womanhood and continue the fight!
its like 3 in the morning and can hear my cats beating the shit out each other outside
M delicious delicious man at SportsClub.
Why didn't I wear my sexy shorts!
Next stop?
Chicago!
Z
C'mon man
Happy Holidays everyone!
RT : Invest In Yourself.
Got leads?
NetTel does: 10 already today!
The fact that and I were born a day a part explains a lot about our attitudes.
lol.
But at least we're pretty :
Two questions: Who is Joseph Kony?
Where's the OIL?!

you recovered yet?;
Rihanna  I'm NOT Dating Raiders RB Darren McFadden
Rip Etta James
lol well when you not tired anymore cook for me
you're looking at a painting.
you're looking at a picture.
you're watching a film.
you're dying.
who run this account?
is it Harry :
How you know?
RT : Hell naw The Game fired Tia and Pooch aka Melody and Derwin!
Well I want watch the show
Having a great Sunday Chillin'!
And you?
Cenk is just mad his inferior show got canceled from MSNBC and replaced with Far Superior show, Politics Nation.
is much better..
wake n bake that strong
pay no attention, you only get a few characters to work worth anyways.
we understand you just fine!
FREE LEGAL FORMS, FREE BUISNESS DOCUMENTS, 900,000 CHEAPEST NATIONWIDE LAWYERS SITE  500 LEGAL BOOKS ON AMAZON.COM, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Thanks for sharing our research summary.
Love y'all to 3
Sent nephews down a steep hill in a wagon with a long rope tied to the back for a break.
Its what uncles do right?
I just spent time wandering around my twitter feed in 3D.
That was pretty cool, needs more work...
but it is promising.
If you haven't been through it, you can't say shit.
I know ur here 4 me through these hard times right now God.
I'm putting everything in ur hands now and asking 4 the strength 2 endure
All the Sutter skeptics look sorta foolish now...
I guess.
well the reason is phase 1 is set to load you up on protein, cut carbs, then it starts to bring them back in.
great!
Looking forward to hearing from u when it's done!
:
How Could Going Green Benefit Your Small Business?
The reasons to go green are often pitched as necessary changes for the continued exist

All the doctorma on Twitter is about James not being in the Vacouver pics  Carlos  Sammy.
Hey, nice!
I've been trying to create something similar on weebly.
This looks better.
out of fresh ideas Gusgus?
Correction, Event Horizon with Ancient Astronaut Theory tonight.
This will be bad ass.
Thanks for the wonderful story of CASA DC youth and how she thrives with her volunteer advocate
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Good tips  The First Hour of an Online Crisis shar.es/b0xsm edelmandigital /via
Lol im on the phone w u stop tweetin
Final days of the espresso bar Come now or forever hold your peace.
Or your piece.
Up to you.
Dear Pizza Delivery Truck That Looks Like A Vacant Cab: stop confusing everybody.
Also, what are you doing delivering pizzas at 8am?
lol headed to Airport to catch my flight bk to Atl
Do yourself a favor and turn on the Big Ten Network to see and hear on the call.
LOL!
I'm guessing the teacher told you about the story?
Tweeting from my computer class
wait warped or 1d?
lol cause warped is better!!!!!
Are you missing something extremely important to your business?
Do you wonder if you should invest more in Social Media Marketing?
CNN is doing a superb job at camera work tonight, captainring the narrative of the room.
I'm giving my nieces, nephews, and cousins a sleepover.
Trying to reduce my inputs.
BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them.
Plus, get there early to enjoy free cupcakes from EMILY'S DESSERTS!
average temp games played at sports authority in 2011 was 54 degrees.
9/12 75 degreesrain, 1/1 35 degrees all sunny days.
I hear Willie is there as well.
True?
Dogsitting provided great opportunity for minipower walk in beautiful WNY on a gorgeous March evening with a feisty terrier!
Surman  inplay2012  limited distribution channels isn't good for anyone, including most big publishers; only Apple wants this
I just really wanna be involved in that, like booking tours and managing bands and all okay how fun would that be
I saw that crate flying.
Do not envy people in the crowd.
tell merrydick to make a tweeter
i guess i never tweeted about how cool it is to have my stuff up somewhere...
yup im wit any wendy trip anytime lol
I've got the Celtics in the first game winning and then i am going for OKC in game 2 sorry lakers fans
at the risk of sounding stalkery I doctoramt I was attending Blogalicious11 and got to meet you and several other amazing bloggers
YES!
RT : Breaking: NBC Renews PARENTHOOD For Season 4.
Oh yes, I'm definitely reading right now.
You hear from other people..
But have you ever actually heard from me?
if it was blue/teal I've seen these young men riding around smiling ion many occasions.
A little 9 year old boy with brain cancer has one wish to be trending on twitter His name is RyanKennedy Pls RT to help him
thanks for bring a chuckle and a laugh to me day with your tweets.
hey morning chmpudines
howard stern americas got talent.
King of all media to host.
Well, you're welcome, but also: thanks, back.
I enjoyed reading them.
:
lyrically went from a bic to a flamethrower
Mark, we're starting a fact finding effort about vehicle habitation violations, San Diego,.
Is this a concern for you?
Any graphic designers out there that read/listen to us?
We're looking for a cool, scaleable logo that sums up the show.
Let us know!
Miss you more Karla!
Add me on Skype now: dfinla!
Kisses
Great call with via
Thank you for this!
Unlock the heart of your Valentine this season by booking a couples massage.
yeah got a bruise
Pretty much, unless Thanos shows up.
O.o
Avengers was great!
Ideas have a short shelf life.
You must act on them before the expiration date.
Thinking too much of what others think of you ultimately changes what you think of yourself.
Living Legends of Aviation was awesome!
Harrison Ford presented an award; and Morgan Freeman received Inspiration and Patriotism Award.
New workaholics and new futurama would work better than new workaholics and new tosh
N American money how much would a hostel be?
Art is constant tension  release.
That is where artists live, between the two or at times submerged in either.
Dave Liebman
New genre every week on FM Expressive!
how is that possible he's so fluffy and plump.
And i'm guessing we didn't win the giveaway
My pleasure!
Blessings, Psychic Bob
ayo bro I got ahommie that want you to call.
he said he want to pay u 50 dollars to speak with u about a business deal
There is no internal peace without internal honesty.
The efficiencies of equipment and how technology keeps getting better!
You?
Next, will make you lose the beard OH WAIT
RT : Keep all alert!
On 4/24 all shd visit website for a nice surprise!
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
I don't trust these niggas ...
David broke my flower...
he was just picking it up  then, omg.
Castle rockin it up then on to windsor and fort collins to visit family and friends.
G.
Roger Denson: When the Personal Is Made Political: Left Political Art Timeline, 19801989
For a project looking for early instances of dc:rights, prior to summer 2001.
Anybody got data?
Damn my baby got that good powowuye.
Thanks, we do our best :
6.5 mile beach run, all the way to Pacific Palisades mountains.
The weather is ridiculous, going to catch some rays for a bit!
Headed to Loring Park.
I'll build my way out of your demise.
I have been to the falls and I love it :
Your neenerneenerneener just pushed me over the Ohmygodmygmailisdown edge.
Watch me get smacked by Asian carp in Central Illinois.
Checking out worst spot in nation for special report tonight on KSTPTV at 10.
happy birthday : Have a great one!
xx
oh..I loved all 3 records u gave me..esp the Yellow one!
3thingsyoushouldknowaboutme 1.i don't take shit from anyone 2.I'm honest,if you don't like what i say idgaf 3.don't get on my bad side grrr
lol come im all cute not naughty
wanna chill monday ?
i aint got shit planned .
I'm actually bawling, this is just one more thing I don't need to be happening
We are going to Chavez to have the ceremony :I lol
Congrats you just won 4 free tickets to Opening Day of Summerfest!
DM to provide contact info!
Roswell NM is centered all around the UFO museum I found out the hard way the museum is the type of place u pay, u take a pic, u Go!!!
Morphine life
I read a story about a man strapping his girlfriends 4 kids onto the top of his car and doctorving around.
Nuts...
JailTimeDUMP!
RT : Big Thank you to all the Astros fans for the love and support the past year1/2.
Htown will always be home.
Will do
wat it dew
You can help your business partnership.
Man dat Blake Griffin Dunk is OK.
He barely touched da rim.
Good but not no dunk of da year.
Dust off your TEAL, y'all!
RT : Just finished planning the Tealtini Happy Hour on 9/8!!
I don't know how I'm going to tell you I can't play with you no more
And no fishbowl, because Luongo doesn't coach college football.
Could I ask you important question?
right about now little brandon.
Damn you Linda Holmes!
Anyone w info about couch surfing or hostels pls call me.
3473675689
Times are hard but life is good.
Thank God for everyone I love and everyone that loves me!
PR Tip of the Day: Never, ever burn a reporter with bad information.
If they cant trust you as a source, you will no longer be a source.
Brilliant!
I wish that we could import contacts from Twitter...
Google
i have an ipod.
computer.
steve jobs was our wizard to us muggles.
Good Morning People
Got approval for my dance from my grandson.
Getting ready for my big day.
You look like a Princess upon whose neck I would enjoy feasting...
Why don't you ever visit??
Your Friend, Love, MM
Sending up prayers to all my friends in a scary tornado warning in Alabama  Tennessee.
Be safe!
I agree.
There is still a feeling of the Old West lingering in NV
Cool seeing ,, and , today.
sitting in the student parking lot bumping refill !
I didn't know that lol!
We have some family friends who own a resort on Indian Point, so we always stay there in a condo.
did he just miss quote an REO Speedwagon song??
Today I did a total of 72 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups iPhone app.
Settling into the new place.
Hello Los Angeles!
Hey LAKings, VanCanucks would like to play in the Detroit/San Jose Golf Classic that starts tomorrow.
Let's help out!
A tiring week with a big weekend ahead.
On the plus side, I got the copier to work.
RT : How can YOU get involved in DPLA?
Join workstream, wiki, support radical collab, attend/host an event.
Done.
Meryl.
RT Hanks rumored to play Walt Disney in film about bhndthescenes doctorma of MARY POPPINS t.co/0iWngXuh
man Marv you late on the tweet game..
We been here done this lol
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate 
recall news: 14 humans sickened w/ Salmonella via Diamond brand dog food.
Touching pets after feeding may b cause
Ok, I need to figure out this twitter thing...
Correction..
Mike crisp 
Watching the race?
i am still tha one and onli CHARACTER IN THIS RAP GAME NO MATTER WAT HAPPENS
I'm good just watchin TV  votin
NY teams are having a tough couple of days.
LAA/NYY 43 in the 7th.
Out WSOPC Event 5.
Coming back Saturday to play the main event.
You moron, Dill pickles don't destroy communites Meth does
U2 Michelle !
: Happy Monday Peeps!
May your week be productive and fulfilling!
3
done for the night!!
either of you going to Facebooks meetup for nonprofessorts in a cpl weeks?
stop being a pussy
The Boob Dust worked!
You won a microchip for your pet!
We have the certificate.
Art is not a thing, it is a way.
Elbert Hubbard
Nobody get what I go through, what ive been through.
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Enjoying a relaxing clean up of the Bus office after FestiBus last night.
SO WORTH IT
TODAY I'll be live on the Urban Forum Talk Radio Show at Deja Vu Book Lounge  Sensational Boutique 1783 Lexington Ave in NYC from 47p.
Thanks!
We appreciate your business!
RT Love the iPhone app!
If you have more than 2,000 Facebook friends you really need to get your shit together
Thanks, but Italian girls know how to work it every second of our lives.
On the streets and in the sheets
Like in the next 2 years
Brandon  Impossible to verify All his moves.
Which part of Oklahoma are you in?
People be jealous of our
But I do like it when you say it....
Very possibly, as is the case with so very many places.
I love working in a kunsthalle
It's on.
Is this a test of the American Broadcasting system?
I have no clue what you're talking about!
i am pretty sure you made that up to get 10 off of me lol
bout to start renting out clubs.
But throughout the next couple months we got some mixtapes set to doctorp.
doctorke's On A Plane
Religion is not why evangelical conservatives oppose Romney.
It's his moderate background and
you have a lot of fav movies btw love you new icon
Tucson's Business Clubs America holding it's May Signature Event at Loews Ventana Canyon this Thursday.
Guest Speaker is Gene Marks of NYT
As it turns out, I HATE being blackout doctornk.
Lolol
Your pussy is powerful...
Like it has a strong scent...
Terrible enough to smell coming a mile away
hello gorgeous :
Picked up a box from the shop for my bday headpiece.
Thank you  it shall be put to a devious use!
Market yourself as a multitool.
Colorado lab tech blames boss for mistakes on DUI blood sample tests  Denver Post
damn right you can't.
Leff: notion of a green economy has transplanted more nuanced notion of sustainability
Sometimes I don't want to be here.
Spitup on my shoulders gave me a Connie Francis earworm.
Yes.
But you'll be disappointed.
Did you see us at the International Boston Seafood Show?
Going to pick up my Mom's Edible Arrangement.
Good Morning....
Happy Friday..
Day 2 Wisconsin State Fair ..
WoooHoooo
I fucking love Blood Bank!
Thanks for Discoing with us!
It was fabulous!
Just wondering if you got my email I sent a little over a week ago?
Haven't gotten any word back since then.
Big Bill supports OccupyChicago!
As mayor, I was called The People's David, fighting for the regular Chicagoan vs.
the sinister interests
Sorry!
But I refuse to root for miami.
lol
Trev has decided to get wasted right before dinner at my house
german shepherd : but he was the only one with an blue eye.
lasjdl;ksadjf i love his eyes : gahhh
Correction.
took the day off just to get some
can I bring gasoline too?
please please please?
My brother desperately needs a job in the Tomball, TX area.
Has an AA degree and is a hard worker.
Please help.
Good morning sunshine :
Extra grateful for my New School classmates today :
we ended gender discrimination by insurance corps..there was a gender tax!
Why would we go back?
I love you
Yep, it's pretty lame, isn't it?
Remind me to tell you some stories from my time in the trenches, as an orchestra librarian!
Who all's coming to Panama City Beach for Spring Break?!
we good celtics still in it
See what's crazy is, two people arguing basketball, two brains, and Google...
And still you got nothing right..
.
If I don't get an associate professorssorship AT LEAST out of this, the internet will have failed.
Coming for datazz, Shelby Foote.
how can I send you inappropriate direct messages if you're not following me back?
I guess email could suffice.
Amy Bruchs: Unfair competition agreementsmore than just noncompetes.
Nice story Congrats!
We are too!
Our StreetVendorFundoctoriser  the ELACC house is days away, so we hope you can make it/ RT!
There is no such thing as a perfect leader either in the past or present, in China or elsewhere
Hell Yeah
Reporting live from Uncommon Women Series where the topic is non professort work.
Bach often liked to play around w the letters in his name.
No D in Bach...
Have you joined our valued program?
W.sushisasadenver.com/valuedprogram/
My mom notices when guys check me out more than I do
anfernee jr.
came to play duke  michigan
starts at 7.30ish.
But will go for a while I hear its fashionable to be late these days.
I have now tried Chicago and New York pizza...who is the winner?!
it is me its Mason .
asked if I wanted to guest tweet.
Heck ya!
It's been awesome
: Lots of skunks in Arkansas.
yeah it wasn't weed hahaha
Watching shoot video!
Good morning!!!
yay!
Can't wait!
Off work kinda tired but o well
I use my house keys to open my door, i use my piano keys to open your mind and soul.
Can I make an appt with you?
For bike fit.
What's the best way to do that?
Thanks!
I wasn't until now, but: KETCHUP!
I'm glad my daughter has gotten a grasp on this and chosen to really have control and limited the on line usage  totally focus on school 
chill with that!
mickey mouse is a cartoon and he hasnt done no harm to you!
lol
Work work work work lol.
Tomorrow is pay day!!
xD then Harry Potter with friends?
I think so.
Ugh life could be a Lil better right now
where does he live?
all I wanted was a Pepsi!!!?!
you completely just made my whole entire day....3
let's hear it!!
so is it a publishing medium then?
people are posting what they're thinking about?
or what they want?
or just liking things?
DHHS's Patrick Gavin will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow.
Congratulations!
I don't like who you've become.
We need to talk, ASAP.
The world ending in 2012?
I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121.
I am attending Google's webinar Happening right now!
Yw RT : Thanks for retweet!
Hope you're having a great day!
There are a lot of swimming pools in DAWN OF THE DEAD's alternate universe Milwaukee...
ONE DAY 'TIL DISCO!
Online advance ticket sales have ended, but don't fret!
You'll be able to buy tickets at the door tomorrow!
Smile when you answer the phone.
Your customers will love you for it.
Thank you for all the shoutouts!
Really appreciated!
Today is my first last day of the fiscal year at Murray State.
Hoping I have everything done that needs to be done by the end of the day.
walking around w/ my seester, neeeda clear my mind.
We want to know  Would you get a service animal to assist you with daily activities based on a disability?
What type of animal would it be?
and I am so happy you ate here.
What will your legacy be?
In God we trust, all others must bring data.
Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Google
I can tell you the lyrics to every Yellowcard song.
Swagger if I want to.
can't wait!
lifelessonsfromoldfilms The best game to play with a handsome retired jewel thief is: everytime you say a mean thing, kiss
: Warming up forMad Men w/ Redemption highrye bourbon blend.
Maybe Sterling Cooper should pitch the account.
did you write on my car last night fuckyaifitwasyou lol
Good Friday is definitely an American holiday.
What other day would Americans celebrate screwing someone else for their own gain?
RT : The Dewey Decimators didn't win at Trivia last night, and I think it was mostly due to not being in...
I'll be number 3 for ya cause 3rd times a charm
Cool site.
Are lady lobbyists the new pharma reps?
Pls advise.
RT : I want to make a television show called How It's Torn Apart.
The answer will always be wild dogs.
i love austin mahone so much 33
Haha thats why he's always grunting cause he's out of breath.
LoL fat mother fucker
Wow that is awesome!You will def have to let me know when you go national!And sure thing what page would you like me to share
my professorle pic is one of my main designs out now.
It comes in multiple colors as well.
what's your name ?
Lol so we can play
Q: What do you call a fake noodle?
A: An Impasta.
We are finishing up postproduction this week.
Sending out for packaging in the next couple weeks.
Look for news on upcoming screenings.
I get all my Music, News, Quotes, etc from Twitter
thanks much!!
Starting to get up there now....yikes!
Listening 2 the radio
don't worry about it I'm just gonna charge it and just give me the money in NYC !!
NASCAR takes the week of for Easter.
Conversely, the Masters Tournament was played yesterday.
Conclusion, golfers are pagans.
Oral exam for senior thesis.
really don't want to blow this one.
Diggy Simmons needs to stay in his damn lane...he can't even afford to say J.Cole's name lol
Should have specified ...and I don't personally know you Hehehe.
: But you have tweeted since then.
Life's Greatest Treasures  Weeping may endure for a night, But joy comes in the morning.
Psalms 30:5 What would be the point of living...
I found you a pilot !
Dayfingeynu.
NCAA won't let Joe B Hall coach the UK Legends against the Dominican National team at Rupp Arena!!!
Opinion??
Great prom night!
After party time wooop
Just got a Baller apartment.
Already saw two hot chicks Layin out.
It's like I'm back in Malibu.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
William Shakespeare
holy crap, .
We have the coolest friends ever!
RTing now!!
:
don't tempt me lol
Tweet me any question related to customer service  feedback for your business!
I'll answer it in 140 characters or less, I am here to help!
too positive for your style, or in general?
At home watching Titanic shows on NGC
The truth always comes to light !!
Fingers crossed the sound of the rain helps me sleep tonight.
which one?
Getting another tattoo this summer , I only have 1 .
Ppl barely know I got that one !
DVD Regions 17 are covered are covered in both NTSC and PAL...also a Digital Copy available on the two disc set in case.
So why am I supposed to like Sleigh Bells?
Occupy isn't getting as much attention at mla12 as I expected.
Has the academy's activism turned largely inward?
Ready to see my peeps and head to the lake for the weekend!
Keratoconus is an abnormal bulging of the cornea of the eye.
I can relate.
Food allergies are scary, life changing, and difficult, but they're also expensive!!!
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'm going to run a Mud Run!
What gets your butt off the couch?
I avoid running with scissors!
Haha.
And I joined a gym.
As usual I'm too busy doing nothing, to find something useful to do, I really should finish off writing the sitcom I started
Win an iPad 3 for having the best score on Flap!
which is available now...for free.
Top score on Game Center, wins the iPad.
Share your favorite word.
Today I pick: inspire.
That sounds like a brilliant mix, just add a shot of limoncello!
r u awake friend.
I do the same thing Sharon.
No frills 4 me either.
Probably because I'm surrounded by boys/males.
my mom was struck in the face by one of those helicopters at the mall.
Have you ever done a story on the safety of them?
how do you know this?
I don't like chemistry that much.
So Congress can't change the budget for 10 years...what type of governing is that??
Granger was gone give it to Lebron
Useful discussion of scale from Josh Mehler in J10

I'm going back to sleep.
Dear Bank of America  can I please pass on the new benefits and just skip the new monthly fee?
Happy Friday!
Celebrate the weekend with us at Last Comic Standing tomorrow night  10pm in the Weasler
or atleast wear a bag over your head
retweet this one....
Yes, I would like to talk about ochi library.
Getting pumped up about the Ampeg GVT5110 giveaway!
Are you?
RT : i've moved a lot in the past ten years.
Thanks for the follow , , and
yes, except I wanted a nap :/
Feelings hurt bc u got ignored?
: RT : I'm curious to know what tweets celebrities deem necessary to reply to vs.
which to ignore
what's up??
I know 3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching.
2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot.
3.Now you're smiling
Help us take back Congress  join us at our phonebank on Thurs.
5:30pm.
Hilton Bayfront, Sapphire Room L
Merry Christmas everyone!
It's great people are personalizing their text messages this year!
miss u too!
also
Listening to e2onair  gospel show
Some people are annoying.
And justify the wrong because they think they're 'in love'.
Well ive got news for you.
YOURE ANNOYING AS BALLS!
Did u c the Bube Brewery on TAPS?
lol.
RT : Boobs.Bewbs.
Thats rely the only point to this tweet.
RT Kodak to sell its photosharing site to Shutterfly
I just said HammerofThor!
loudly in your honor.
Hope the physics problems get easier.
:
Whoopi's fart ended the war?!
on our way
Ha..
You're so fake.
Thanks, glad you liked the tutorial!
Always happy to meet more WordPress folks in
Have a great time!
Eat beignets!
Don't doctornk the water!
Tweet!
At the crime scene lol
how you feeling????
That milk bite commercial is cute I love that mini thing
The Black Mamba and CP3 in LA.
Thoughts?
Parking nonissue Probs not downtown as previous night they'll be Lodging  Westin Hotel
RTOREWARDS turns passive customers into active, engaged customers by rewarding positive behaviors and encouraging repeat business.
Call us!
You can always order online!
We have many more styles available on our site than in our cozy shop  free U.S.
shipping!
:
Get it jayhawks.
Biology today guise c; good luck!
Aw thanks :D 5'1 ftw!
: A Train don't worry about heels you will stand tall in tennis shoes!
ion you trynna share i walk over dere and everything
you would.
it's all good, awesome i will let you know as more information becomes available.
RT : nice job andy and crew: Startup Kansas: Kickanotch Raises 1.1 Million For Its OneStop Mobile Marketing Shop...
I dislike when Ibrahim tried to get me to talk to her.
get some CHeep!
Good daddy.
:
Never in my life did I think I would boo worldpeace but a laLakers made it happen
Ok...so who has done insanity?
call you in 30 min
Hmm, then I think I can go on the 5th or 6th depending on the time if thats okay!
Did he tell you anything about time?
Truth will set you free
dude!
It's seriously so annoying!
It made me want to throw my phone!!
Thanks for the FF :D
why?
That is kind of sad!
Don't they get lonely?
Waiting on to set up this studio time...
whatcouldtopwednesday saints and members of NFC announce secession, reviving USFL
what a coincidence!
I hear they have some of that at Jose Macs.
congrats on the overwhelming launch ; chaos makes for a good start
Tasty Tuesday!
This sounds like a delicious salad.
Well, anything with avocados, really.
What I really need is a puppy ..
Isn't it amazing the kinetic energy potential mother earth possesses?
Cool stat!
Why would I talk to you if all you do is annoy the shit out of me?
Wow!
Tebow is amazing!
shot out
Best boyfriend: for taking care of me I love you more than words can describe babe
Chilling with my girls!
:
talking about the difference between practitioners  researchers   how they have historically been lumped together
Working on the June newsletter...
looking forward to the lime green boots!
Nice day at the Grand Rapids Public Museum!
Exactly what I was thinking.
Love my Zagg!
While it isn't the cutest, the keyboard has super long battery life  thoroughly protects the iPad.
Good choice!
Getting some Easter bunny prints ready!
Is there a talk show host race for 'most sincerely concerned face?' I ask, because it seems Ann Curry is in some sort of competition.
I need some traditional sounding Nigerian names.
Help me out people!!!
Just saw last Died laughing I swear to God Megan I will cut your hair  kill you if you don't move faster.
ill do that : i really hope it makes up for this other song.
I understand sometimes not the better songs that come out 1st.
MCC to MIZ : Just pledged my verbal commitment to the University of Missouri!
Tigers MIZ
After sending an email campaign, I love to keep refreshing my MailChimp dashboard to see realtime opens and click rates.
It's just hard to take anything too seriously in Comic Sans which strangely worked for the Pepsi and Coke ads.
Lol
so i already know who my 23,000 tweet is going to!
if u can guess i ll add u to the tweet 
Majority of Americans support SB1070 because most Americans support the enforcement of our country's immigration laws
You too?
Awesome!
You're most welcome!
Thanks for the link let me read on
thanks to your tweet, everyone IS at Anvil!
There was a line spilling onto Westheimer :
Now up is the final presentation session for umwfa11 Student Careers, Job Bank, and Teaching History Commons
That's a bummer, but you're amazing for your devotion!
:
just came back from Malibu Beach!!!
It's oh so clear
The mailbag: Ranting about schedules  ESPN
glad i got my ticket before the weekend!
sold out hella fast!
Thanks for the RT Very much appreciated!
Can't take credit.
It's a classic.
:
I havent been able to talk to anyone the last week, working 17 hour days, but finishing today so catch up call time!!
all seats are general admission.
No reserved sections
Taking a nap right after eating some bomb food is just amazing
Haha.Im trying to get the hang of this.Lol.But Hey :
I would suggest Claudaugh or Hofbrahaus!
Happy Monday!
How was everyone's weekend?
ha ha well ur not sweating if ur tweetin ;
The easiest way to lose a lot of weight is to have a lot of weight to lose.
Have a great Thanksgiving from the Nunn Center.
Take time to listen to life stories this holiday
Food done who want some teriyaki chicken and veggie rice 
Everybody is just a stranger.
That's the danger in going my own way.
That's the price I've got to pay.
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
REMY MARTIN GOT ME FEELING GOOD HE SAUD WASSUP
good...not on twitter much...lets catch up on email: you can find it on my page.
I just got it I don't have Internet for the majority of my school day
Yes, I eat raw spinach with my fingers sometimes.
Who Is Like The Lord?
NOBODY!
: Thinking about new boobs by the fall.
Don't think u need them at all!
Ur perfect.
You Really Got Problems Ok.
Someone Needs To Teach You A Lesson Before I Do
many congrats!
I can wait for the day I can say that.
It will happen sometime in 2019!
No, I'm saying what?
NO!?
Sorry for the confusion.
only my honky tonk hero oh and some girl named Carrie underwood.
...
Kings Road Cafe in West Hollywood has a great huevos rancheros.
Order it without sour cream and you have a gluten and dairy free breakfast!
HI, My name is Ash'Lee  i'm addicted to buffalo wild wings.
any of those two.
Just 45 mins until the next special performance by du Soleil  doctorpa  only 5 more chances to see it, don't miss out!
Ugh i heard you been lying.
i heard you been snitching...
Thats why i cant Fu wit you instigating Bitches, cappn on me and my nigg
Bahn Mi Sunday!!
Yes, everyones favorite pork belly sandwich is back, along with your choice of chicken or tofu.
Only on Sundays!!
just a small town girl...
livin in a lonely world !
Hi Stella!
We sent you some info earlier today about our new Chicagobased app, !
Just wanted to see if you got it!
Progressive Dane Board Cand: Jeff Pertl, Susan Bailey, , Paul Rusk, Patrick Downing, Maureen McCarville, Patrick Miles!
there is actually nothing in it.
Just read through.
Guess its just a cover.
lol.
You petty too then
Listening to my newest track...
L.O.V.E...
it is da shyt
I know because it came from you!
Kickin some ass!
was funny to look up and see dicaprio standing on the side smoking a cig
Brilliant roots tunes playing right now.
Sounds like Sylford Walker.
never say never
Lets go Brewers!
Note to self: milspec Camelbak reservoirs cost the same as the consumer grade ones and look much cooler.
even though it was yesterday, happy nationalbestfriendday love ya to 3
Veteran Media Executive Alan McGlade Launches DEV to Promote Next Generation Digital Media Companies
In need of a science experiment topic in your house?
Try putting one old egg and one fresh egg into a bowl of water and see what happens!
Thanks for the mention about 4word Thought!
Shit!
You just had to crush my doctorams, huh?
have a great DC weekend!
Saturday stop by your local branch and fill out a postcard to City Council!
you suck
Madison, WI, USA
Congratulations!
Hopefully the heat wasn't too much!
KFC Employee of the Year: Dwade haha
What's a seven letter word for something that is sweet, best served cold, and is what Kuhlaire's gonna get?
Oh, yeah!
Revenge.
Java has only good parts for you?
Please let me LOL like I never did.
Where are you guys now?
The hate is flowing for right now....so proud!
And they said Cleveland let it go.
have you ever seen elbows thrown like that from a standing position in an MMA fight?
A coming split between knowledge and degrees?
yeah, and although Arsenal fans sing it often, I have heard Chelsea fans sing it too.
It is kinda universal
Justin get in my fucking bed !!!3
Done with work for the night.
You know the doctorll!
tell me this isn't a one time thing tonight ?
Great to hear you on the radio again man !
call me
I just met the director of our institute!
she's so nice!
after 5 weeks, this job is starting to feel real.
I am the Marlow of my mouth  philip roth, the anatomy lesson.
C'mon Lakers.
Please just close this out.
Up 5 with 14 minutes left to go.
Seriously this summer is gonna be great.
3
Oan: I ain't mad just wish they would tell us there secret.....To much like right!....
May issue arrives from the printer today; wing nites per usual; Aultman Brothers at the Brown; DJs at Boomies  Coney...
Very cool!
Glad to see you here.
:
Then ima get behind it d ima make that thang ride,riiidddeeee :D
Happy Valentines day everyone!
I hope your sweetie gets you a Royal Flush
Intelligence plus characterthat is the goal of true education.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Since it's been a wacky week...let's end it with some wacky vids  send me your favorites  I'll start though....
When is it?
I shud be in ny 2829 WE anyway : I was just looking into it!
Hey.
You don't know me and all, but I want to marry you so you can father my young.
im watching all the vids u were in with alex :
With my girliesss :
Strawberry Icee....yum...
I shall not say goodbye cause i dont wanna lose u.
I shall simply say goodnight in hopes of seeing you again tomorrow!
Xo xoPrince
Very Inspirational story on on CBS Sunday Morning today, Justin is an incredible musician and even better person!
FOLLOW ME, ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME
At the 2012 awards gala!
hey at least now you have an excuse for them getting beat :.
It will not stop rainin in indianapolis
Ran over a squirrel...
don't tell Abby
Funny wine quote apparently attributable to Louis P Martini: You want oak?
Chew a toothpick!
Yo i found an Octane CD today while i was cleaning my apartment, can I get a RT?
Anyone out there running BostonToBigSur ?
I need a pacer.
:
Happy New Years all!
2012 is gonna rock!
It has already started off great!
I have two auditions and a new job:
Snooze Fest!
Is this the bathroom break part of the show?
Go back to commercials
We're up to 200 Likes!
Thanks to all of our great customers!
We'll have the doctorwing  announce the winner this afternoon
I.love it.i live it.when you eat
One of the most  AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay is that they are giving away real samples and don't.
Follow us for real free samples daily.
Yes sir.
I would loves some recs.
It was great to meet you too!
Pray everyday for the next day.
A wish doesnt just come to you nataturally you gotta play life by the gun and live it, make it happen.
For some day that wish you made b ...
Really did not like the pilot for the HBO show Girls.
Couldn't relate to any of the characters.
:
Alone again, naturally
Runyan canyon time!!
Dip to the ground as I catch the bass..
Happy Halloween everyone!
Did you know, Americans collectively donated 303 billion to nonprofessorts in 2009?
The guy behind me just criticized Sheldon Brokeback
im classy
My hair sheds so much im like a dog
RT Every night before I go to sleep I check under my bed for Herman Cain.
nah that's ok
the 3:15 Union to Penn Station?
Sounds like a long night.
Absolutely!
Tuesday, perhaps?
Singing to people on the highway
i know, they are.
they helped me through the late 90s.
'YOLO' is pretty annoying....
Are you and one and the same?
I believe you are.
Prove not.
hes good at what he does
Just left Santa cookies and a glass of milk.
OK half a glass of milk.
OK just cookies...which I ate.
Santa gets a Bud Lite Lime
Leaving for Minnesota tomorrow
Enjoy the summer day...much cooler tomorrow.
interesting!
We have heard that touch is pretty critical to wellbeing.
hahaha I felt to awkward
My place is with crochet.
These are my people.
My last day of my 2nd semester of graduate school is tomorrow.
will you please follow me back tonight it would mean the world to me if you did your so adorable 333 : : follow me please
Hacienda mudslide.
3
I recieved a Bronze President of the United States's Community Service Volunteer Award :
Apple designers say each new design must be presented alongside a mockup of how that design might evolve in the 2nd or 3rd generation.
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx  Salva as part of a Do Lab event!
You totally should but it'd have to be a bright colour
One thing I have never done...
kiss someone under a mistletoe...
u should help me with that sometime lol
Classic Bulls vs.
Blazers game 6 on Comcast.
Man I love watching Bulls games at the old Chicago Stadium.
Those crowds were awesome!
ACK!
New Gmail looks horrrrrrrribbbbllleeeee.
double you tee eff
Hanging with my tookie
so true.
Cheers Family Travel Gurus FF:
How cool would it be for to open for !!!
I think you make up these dunks.
I need proof.
Lol.
Nothing like a quick splash in the pacific to cure a mild hangover..
is this shit real?
should i pinch you?
after all the things that we been through, i got you.
Met the Kardashians/Jenner family last night 3 what a flawless family and they make it look so easy 33 love them
I feel da joy rising...
how do I push it down again?
Can never be too careful?!?
lol
kudos to u
Va Stand up lookin to work wit producers and artist from Virginia holla at us
The brave feeling you get when you send your crush a friend request on Facebook...
Starting a fund.
Please contact me if you have any advice.
I made that mistake before haha
Oh no, I hate that orange stuff.
You know just reminiscing :
found it in cable lol!!
Sam's!
Don't go another day without a prayer for your family and the ones you love.
RT
Missed the Ad2 Program last night?
Check out our website to read all about it!
ITS PART OF A SONG!!
AND OMG ASHLEY BENSON WAS ON BUT DIDNT REPLY TO MEH : CRYING!!
has anyone told you today how darling you are?
well, you are!
Vegas real estate is still a bargain!
really???
Mine had the area of a square on it.
Fuck the world: I have weed
what's is there again?
Next year?
I agree!
RT:: I'm still in denial over leaving us.
One of the bestever colleagues and human beings!
goodbyejoe
looking good!
Try not center aligning that paragraph though!
Cause good things come to those who wait
were you on the 5?
I saw something that looked rough on the northbound side.
eek.
Cyrus is running like his life depends on it.
Olympic trials style.
nice meeting you guys Safe travels with the rest of your tour with candlebox!!
The Christmas lights are strung, with two new strings this year.
Bring it on, neighbors.
Goodell is def ruining shit but atleast today we are seeing some semblance of defense with Jet game, Gmen pats n pit ravens
Photographers.
Want to know what is in my bag?
A camera.
A few lenses.
Oh, the bag is the exactly the same one that you have.
oh sure laugh at my pain
maybe you should moderate what new forum topics post to your twitter?
thanks4mentiondon't know how to attract,don't know much about women
You, my mom and my favorite cousin share the same first name.
:
please send this 19 yr old to WI for the weekend.
I guarantee entry to many bars for appropriate slappage across the face.
u r the best!!!
FF training  development experts helping others grow
rude.
I'm not a groupie.
Mama is so proud of you.
Keep doing it honey.
Today in 1925: this astronaut and Hall of Fame inductee was born!
i've been almost crushed by compact shelving multiple times
doris malkmus 'the archives is the chemistry lab of the humanities'
Exit Through the Gift Shop was a trip but I loved it
NASA's upcoming mission to Jupiter can't get much greener than this: a solarpowered, windmillshaped spacecraft.
Almost done!
About to record this.....
Any high school junioryear folks out there auditioning for musical theatre programs in 2012?
We can help!
Nice to see you today.
Let's have lunch when it's calmed down for you.
I'll light a candle for you and send positive energy.
MGH
Yep ..
I agree The Artist was the best picture this year
I'm watching it
Need some more followers
i have no idea what tht is lol
I am so hush up boy
Has had a no good very rotten day
Great.
So call me.
I'm home now.
Paula is mad because they didn't ask her out, she is a Hater.
Great show tonight keep bringing it
My radio never stopped just say'n
I love you boo boo : your the best girlfriend ever!
This NYC humidity is sh!teous.
Especially for my hair.
Enough already.
I love Him so much, I love how close we are..
I wouldn't change us for the world
thx 4 following!
We need more female Mc's out there!
Nik is cool but she doesn't talk about ish
DJ ENVY ONE LIVE NEXT WEEK  THURSDAY, JULY 15TH  CLUB 24
You got skills.
How many guitars do you make in a year on average?
Anyone famous have your instruments?
T29 days!
Have you ordered your copy of Gamestorming yet?
What up?!
RT : NICK!
What up!
Learned some ish today
Heck just don't lose by 20 each night
'Euro trip' is so bad its good.
My housemates made me watch it when I studied abroad in Britain
IReallyMiss the way things used to be with me and you /3
Student loan interest rates could double on July 1st.
How can we keep college affordable for students?
my xbox wont bring up to get new code
Brownies and NyQuil
I want my star wars shirt but NO has it.
guess what????
The hot neighbor lost his dog again!!!
And u weren't here!!!!!
How come nobody ever talks about Mama New Guinea?
Where can I find a Chuck Brown costume?
Best musician of all time.
lmao i promise i will !
Glad to see Kelly Clarkson shed her Jan Brady look from Super Bowl last week for tonight's Grammys.
another forgettable moment from
To succeed it is necessary to accept the world as it is and rise above it.
Michael Korda
Sizzle sells the steak?
Ok.
But if you want my repeat business  you better deliver more than sizzle.
Gotcha, but I don't think you can do it on twitter since they use a URL shortener.
me out on sound cloud my name on there is rb songstress
I'm beyond speechless right now.
Holy shit!
My son is only 4 his front tooth is falling off.....
Is that normal????
lolz never watched it:
ASAP.
I'll call you in a few
2 down.
3 to go.
Then it's time for Avengers to Assemble!
ot to mention she's super nice.
I like that you, like her, have your own unique style.
A great listen.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
Mark Twain
Congrats to on her 2nd marathon yesterday in Fort Collins  great work Lindsay!!!
This how horror movies start out..
its the weekend hanging with the dog
yep, makes sense to me!
I think I got it now, thanks!
If you fall, get up and try it again.
Juelz Santana
hacked again???
Thought it possible it was an City College psych student.
your tour starts on my bday:
we're all puppets to the world, the difference is who's pulling the strings
J.R.
Smith makes me irrationally happy.
hey guys help to get more followers!!
:
SPECIALS: Ham torta  3.99.
2 tamales with warm hot chocolate  3.99  These specials end November 14.
So hurry and come in!
Congrats to Diane Breslow for guessing Papa Gil's!
We have put 7 into your account.
Have a great weekend!
Dennis: Many other economists, including Solo, Nobel laureate, support LivingWage.
Economists disagree, not a hard science, interpretive.
take my job!
I'm putting in my two weeks tomorrow..
My handwriting varies: Page 1:Excellent Page 10:Fine.
Page 20:Language change.
good looking out, I believe in you remember that as the rush happens, find yr.
neutral place, tell yrself it's temporary.
I know you didn't ask me, but I'd go Tabata.
Love that guy.
I'm not sure about how I feel about guys who do their eyebrows.
Cashier: will that be it for you?
No, I'd like all this invisible shit, too.
Had my class watch today.
A productive discussion followed.
Up working gonna take a nap and then head to record with dopeness shall happen
You're not gonna die if you don't have the latest/up to date material things.
Some people just have it better than others.
it's almost 4 in the morning!
WHY I AM STILL UP!!
Thanks for coming out on Friday and supporting our local vendor's right to vend legally!
Hope to see you at our next event!
Dominic is doctorving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight.
WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight, but he soo good EYE CANDY
wow that's descriptive
Anytime Man RT Pretty happy Bubba put in a shift today
Record Store Day!
is twitering at the other side of the room.
Now that knocked it out of the park it's 's turn!
still got one?
To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power.
Maya Angelou Happy Mother's day!
That album was the followup to License to Ill and the Beastie's split from Def Jam.
They went rogue and made a bold followup.
Happy New Year, everyone!
Start today making the change you want to see in the world.
PLZ RT!
ascj Never knew Homegirl Cafe was given by Annenberg.
Can't wait to have lunch here.
Ross: modders as a recursive public, one that manages to avoid dominant discourses through modding
Early bird gets the worm, I guess that's why I never have any worms
Yikes!
Done.
He could be the socalled xfactor today..
it was at the concert, he says the doors opened early and they didn't , and he said April fool I hated it.
And your friends grew up faster than you got successful, told you to keep it up.
Good comes to those who work.
I'm hanging out with my friend,  how does she wake me up?
plays austins covers 333333 it worked ;
Supa funny boys
: Too many girls want attention not enough want respect.
bring me some!
I can't tell you how much I love making music!
Im salty , Im wide awake , everybody sleep .
Cant even cake .
When I Get Mad At I Jus Be Like Dats Why My HAIR LONGER DEN YURS Lmao
I think ur ALREADY doctornk.
Lmao!
haha thx for the K.
Bacon makes everything better!
Hated the title, Liked your amazon vid intro.
Purchased the audio....Dammit..I like it so far.
Funny and Quite Smart.
Congrats
Chris Brown please never wear that bedizzled jacket again !
Illegal !
LOL I'm not hatin just sayin !
Loved the BET AWARDS !
Iowa state beats Ok.
State in overtime!!!
BCS shakeup under way.
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 9:14am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees.
High: 63 Low: 37
Yes!
Screw you Badgers!
See you next weekend!
signed my first edition of THE ZERO that I found at You are both awesome!
There is a skeleton of a woman walking down York Rd wearing a red leopard print leotard with dollar bills pinned to it.
I don't wanna wait for you but i can't get you out of my mind; i don't wanna see no more.
A gold star for this doctorft.
And I must say, I really enjoy watching such bright and talented minds at work.
I am in stinkin' good shape, but swimming kicks my tail every time.
Good quick 3200 yard set.
Trying 2 get the weakling leg 2 step up...
What the?...
Continuous holiday tunes already on 95.1.
Just got finished with the hair and makeup !
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Watching Beyond Scared Straight, haven't watched this in forever.
Did I really just lace horns on the new Ghostface record?
Yep.
Stay tuned....
AH k
Planning your lunch?
Crispy Braised Beef Tongue Sandwich, Gruyere, Pickled Carrots, Spinach, Horseradish Dijon Mayo on Rye
How do you feel about doctornking on a Monday night?
yea it's impossible lol
Now I know why I wasn't ready to leave the house.
But I need to.
If you are HAPPY with your NATURAL HAIR LIKE this status!!!
3
fourwordsaftersex Make me a Sandwich :
Loving the night life and continued fun at Breakthrough VII!
LPU and Puerto Rico...
what a combination!
At new amsterdam waiting for the tonite show to set it off.
DJ SMI and DJ Vex spinning hiphop and soul.
U aint doin shit so Come thru!
Worshiped, Bears Win!!!, Spending Time with Family
Everyone 1 Facebook.
Dear Our Field, do we believe that a good quote about artsed matters any longer?
Or is it rhetoric without commitment?
Had a good practice today, really excited for everyone to hear the tunes!
Spongebob and cappuccino...
oh yeah!
:
Music is priceless.
I have CD's I have easily gotten a thousand  of value out of.
RockRoll will never let you down!
He ain't dead yet RT : R.I.P.
Joe Paterno.
Hey can you tell your mom Happy Birthday for me?
She is my favorite singer..before Fbook/Twit it was Nippy Inc a huge fan club!
Piper Perabo: Where do you see your character Annie Walker in the future?
I love the believe album cover!, dhweweuwu.
I want some Taco Bell!
I keep falling asleep and waking up every 25 minutes, wtf is this?
Ugh, I need to get out if my house.
Oh lol.
That could be the case.
I hated having to depend on my school's internet in the past.
look for link typeapplication/opensearchdescriptionxml in an html page to discover if there's a web service underneath.
i'll just take you out for ice cream!
tryouts on the 7th!
shooting for level 5!
wish me luck :
Saleem, Brian Brunsman  Max Beats you're not on Twitter but just to let everyone know, you killed it tonight Baltimore Boom Bap Society
yes u are!
Which part
saw a woman leave the liquor store carrying a bag of offbrand Flamin' Hot Cheetos with her teeth.
Thkful for the cross!
or should I be calling it
Congrats on your new addition on the way :
When doing a series on nbc abc tbs tnt fox about guys..make sure there is 2 or 3 white guys n 1 blk guy.
Smh
Thank you kindly for the RT!
Hugs and blessings!
RT : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly  Robert Francis Kennedy
Going to see play at the playspace today!
Exciting!
Now that artrageous has come  gone, its time for the Annual Awards Luncheon on Thursday.
At APU listening to Rock it, awesome way to spend Friday night.
Why are Nashville taxpayers giving  300,000 dollars to the Nashville Chamber of Commerce ?
Thanks for following me Steve!
I see you're from OH, I'm doing COA/COT courses in OH in July.
Let me know if I can help you!
:
100 on micro final.
:D
The fish is ready to be served!
Come on down to downtown SanJose San Pedoctor square and join us for lunch!
10am2pm today!
is the man!!
Answering everyone's tweets and all.
Welcome to Chicago!!
Hi !
I'm Summer.
Would love to talk to you about the talent you handle for YouTube.
Please DM your email and I will send the details
I'm having a coffee here at Filmakers Institute waiting for Spike Lee  Dee Rees to talk
Watching Mason beat up Chase is the best :
hey girl seeing vp tonight???
I love LA!!!
: Dodgers, Lakers and Kings win today.
Great day to be a LA Sports fan!
iLoveLA
If I send this out to /rutherfordgenealogy  does it send a special message to all my special list members?
If so  very cool!
We Are Providers of Quality Gifts For Him And Quality Gifts For HerDiscounts...Excellent 100 Return Policy!
FREE Shipping
Going to be a real tough series with Marlins.
Lucky to get one win down there.
They're hot and historically Pirates get whipped by them.
Good morning :
miss you too!!!
Cali is great!
How's life with you post graduation?
NaLee a vividly rich mysterious sexy mermaid fantasy...
the beginning of a trilogy check it out at NaLee2010.com
MT : If anyone in COM stumbles upon an external HD, please holler.
Can't get a job without it  I'll love you forever
Next time, I may not sit on my hands to watch/learn.
May have to ask how he really feels about publishing.
Pro/Con.
agree!!
All those haters can hate
Lmao  the lady who walked out sawty
A cup of blueberry weekly helps prevent high blood pressure.
/ American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
Mavs really need to petition for 11 minute quarters.
RT : SPARK IN THE PARK  4th Sunday of each month!
Join us, Please.
Original art with themes  See you tomorrow!
The sky is green and it is POURING rain.
The temp has doctorpped doctorstically and there's something beeping outside.
Black Lilly  How I met your mother
I'm wifey material ..!
agree but can't complain since it was free
Bummer I didn't know of y'all earlier  I'll share w/ my runner friends tho...sounds like a fun bunch!
Teddy Roosevelt was a racist warmonger.
Relapse?
Happens to the best of us.
Well talk : Keep ya head up!
The Celtics have ball movement.
The Hawks have bowel movement.
playing a free concert tonight at CMU as part of the celebration for the historic 265 gift.
hello: just stopping by to see how your doing?
It's the small things in life that count, like kneehigh Christmas socks
I'm so weird that i kinda scare myself sometimes...
;
Awesome!!!
love the power of connecting.
if he's following you around like a lost puppy, he obviously wants more than what you're giving him.
He makes some good points.
But I am sick of the noble professorssion crap everyone is slewing about theatre...
BestPickUpLines Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas.
anything by Vernor Vinge.
Notably, Rainbow's Edge and A Fire Upon the Deep
Ricky's been pitching incredibly early on this season!
Let's hope he rubs off on the rest of our starting rotation.
choosing events.
I said there is a lot of money out there and playing frequently isnt what is chosen
Good morning twitter world!!
Did any of you take advantage of this wknd's fabulous weather and go hiking?
Forward the pictures!!
Thanks, !
Let's get together  celebrate with the fruits of your legendary bloody mary skills.
Sow good services; sweet remembrances will grow from them.
Madame de Stael
he's the best.
Feels great teaching the Stoke!
We will be at Top Golf Saturday at 8pm...
free rounds on us.
My weekend plans: A noon screening of The Avengers at today, Van Halen at Saturday  blog work on Sunday.
Steve and Judy Revis are in our prayers.
We know that Steve is doing what he can in Haiti right now.
I love you so, so, so much!
3
b97 iPod shuffle is on!!
Party!!
My Husband is a total Nerd and LOVES Games and all kinds of Gadgets  Sometimes I think he loves them more than Me ;
ok good if u ever need advice on ANYTHING and i do mean ANYTHING JUST DM ME KAY
famine poverty death life
BaconInfused Carolina Fish Muddle Recipe from Bon Appétit
I just stormed off for doctormatic episode is on hahaha
Jccaylendeservestobeonellen!
doctoram big baby, I love you
uncle nelly's friend kid
I already knew that.
:D I have tons of friends.
Matt Domo at cloudfairseattle We believe opensource is the way to unite the public and private cloud.
openstack is the key.
I wanna try to pancake a volleyball so bad!
In a much worse mood today than I ever could have anticipated.
Damn.
Gym it is, methinks.
Soft As Ever!!
Except Wen They Just Get doctor Ctfu...
Had an awesome week so far
Out of 649 entries, congrats to the lucky Michigan reader who won a copy of DELMARVA LEGENDS  LORE on Goodoctorads!
That's great to hear , hope she enjoyed it  learned from it.
You must have the coolest cat EVER.
Let us know if you have a Q!
I love to make coupon books for my manfriend for valentines then when he tries to use them I say..
Expired.
RT : tech This pic is showing maybe a quarter of the audience.
We are looking for sponsors.
Contact me
: follow  thanks for the support!!!
Every weekend we look forward to having a few weekends off away from the field, then when they come we don't know what else to do.
Got an audition this afternoon at 2pm for a new pilot  LA Noir  a police doctorma
Let the work begin!
Unsigned Artists boot camp May 28th at the ABC offices.
NOT  ft.
Marley Bvid yep
tickle monster!!.: haha...you're welcome Robert:
Congratulations to the Latina Ethnic World Queens and the New England Queens.
See you in Cali.
Great practice...
Two new songs in the bag.
Now time to Thunder Up!
I'm in love with my bed, but the alarm does everything to end our relationship.
Because they are boring.
Six AM to wake up?
FISH POOP IS GOOD FOR MIGRAINES!
HOLY SHIT YES!
THE STAR WARS THEME IS PLAYING ON THE SCG STEREO RIGHT NOW!
im right here!!
:D Haha dances up and down
Its truly amazing what happens when you let go of all the negativity  doctorma, your days become so much better  easier
: Wherever you're at in the world  Good morning.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Goodnight.
Boots2GlobalAsses
Tuesday night oldies in the back of ibar.
Do it.
Get your rock  roll fix tonight with us live at Debonair.
See you there!
If you liked that one, just wait for the next story, all about posthumans!
If your are not preparing to watch England vs USA in worldcup you are missing some great graphics
I wanna live at the beach 3
m billy blanton.
was thinking the same thing, lost opportunity today, but still, major improvement  last years spring season.
2 finals, not bad.
Finally manged to link my old Myspace, my Facebook, and my Twitter together.
Cool Beans Kid !!!
Wow juss barely waking up now i can't sleep oh well it is what it is
There is a Teen Wolf sitting courtside at the game.
A real Teen Wolf.
A person's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
amazing.
It really seemed to happen in the blink of an eye.
I'll have to try and catch the end when it replays.
Young men: turn off that video game, turn off the music, and in silence contemplate eternity, and the One who formed you for His glory.
needs to accept me  my obsession with wiener dogs..
with what Xbox kristi ?
So if I ask for a hug today will I get anther excuse of jow I'm not good enough can.
U just for once tell me.
I'm perfect the way I am....
Finally starting the process of packing my room.
This makes me quite happy :
I will miss Peyton Manning being with the Colts.
Thank you for everything, big guy.
Sara, thank you for the ride last night!
loved meeting you and Erin!
xo
Trying To Figure Out what kind of animal someone looks like ..
All these ugly hoes
No radio show in the morning can compare to the
More followers please : we follow back GO!
aw how come??
And just been super busy working
Fact: rain is NOT good on fire!
I think the guys are going to meet you for the head and stuff.
I'm actually out of town, getting my braces off today.
Goodnight my loves!
Sweet doctorams!
K .xx
My internet sarcasm identification is not very EFFICIENT, as your data would conclude.
the moon was unbelievably humongous...
It was like a huge gobstopper : 
joey, jaime, dylan, mark, charlene
yea im good today at work now, tryin to go see the avengers tonight yall down?
The real leader has no need to leadhe is content to point the way
Lakers gone lose
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Brazil stays the largest coffee exporting nation, but as of late Vietnam has become a major exporter of robusta beans.
I've been great!
Howw have you been?
What are you doing sunday?
Come cheer on the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer walkers with us!
We'll be at O  23rd NW  plenty of parking!
but does it have to be?
RT : two different ways of saying the same thing?
: haz
People treat you the way you allow them to treat you.
RT : To the politicians; Shut up and do something!
We the people are sick of all talk, no do.
Cut Spending!
Not taking reservations, sorry!
Class is a sunk cost.
If you don't know what that means go to class.
Pats going one way, Jets another.
Defense excelled but offense gave it away.
Can u hear the faint chant growing stronger?
SOJ, SOJ...
Two year old play dates, checking out , tacobell doctorve thru
Bad Girls Reunion Tonight!
Part 2 ...
Oh yea!
13 different colonies wrote Constitutions before the US.
To varying degrees, they carved out place of honor for belief in God w/o favoring.
Right, which is a good thing, but I foresee historians being bogged down with comments maintenance, esp if controv topic.
Dear KOBE: 28 points on 26 shots is not efficient.
Why don't we try getting Bynum 26 shots for a change...
i have another paper due tomorrow and i have yet to start.
oh well.
IDGAF!!!
Omfg I'm done for the day.
I give up.
Friday night is gonna get frisky on the microphone
: FYI Men: we girls need to be attracted to you too in order to spread.
So if we get botox, it's botox for you too!
Rihanna may be able to find love in a hopeless place, but Rochesterians can find it on Lyell Avenue if they have 50 bucks.
Do you cook for Easter or go out for brunch?
Okay so i love and with all my heart!!!
It's just really unfortunate for those of us who live here.
I wonder if Lu Valentino will puss our on coming to New Orleans this weekend??
And what excuess will she use??
Place your bets!!!
Nothing like a hot Guy throwing up in your bathroom.
Damn you alcohol.
:
Gonna listen next, have already heard RT : damn yo..
listen/groove shark Beach House  Teen doctoram, awesome album I
The Miller Lite Vortex Bottle helps you pour your beer faster.
And to think, all this time Ive been depending on gravity like a caveman.
have u met scotty emerick?
Both of u, awesome!
You had asked what makes him qualified, so I answered with facts.
Better Resume than Walker.
ust remember, when someone walks out of your life, its not the end of your story .Its the end of their part in your story.
oh me me me!:D
My wknd car accident is prohibiting me from regularly scheduled classes and I'm so depressed about it :
Wow.
Wow wow wow.
What the fuck ever.
it's too early to think
I bought it at H Mart,the Korean chain supermarket, my first time today, pretty good.
Not too sweet
: And now, former Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers.
Nice Packers pickup.
boom
Monday thanx to ,, and for following us on Twitter!
JustRead.
Because some people can't.
Happy Friday!
Where in the world will you be this weekend?
Phaedoctor is Silly
good lift, gotta push youself!
gods and generals is a high budget LARPing video.
Obsessive nose picking is called Rhinotillexomania.
The time is neigh!
Well almost!
Have a happy new year and get ready for new songs and new lights and new sounds and new new new!
Stephenville, America tonight with Jason Eady and Ben Danaher.
Bostocks is the place to be!
Come on!
Telephonic Appearance is important has clients look in mirror during calls 2 practice smiling.
Love it!
Happy Holidays to more of my favorite tweeps
i gotta do better :/.
im start tomar reppin teamdominican maa hard
OH: There isn't a VIP bathroom?
i live like 5 minutes away:
Locker channeled Steve McNair on that TD!
at rave???
It's Friday Friday I never has school on Friday !!!!!!
Partying par
tastemakersKS Hey!
Lets network!
This is the first summer in a long time that I don't have multiple concerts to look forward to...this is not ok
This is just a bunch of horny teenagers packed in a room.
Not fun.
I hope everyone had a Merry Christmas :
So the Pirates are Jackie Mason in Caddyshack 2?
You can't make excuses when you are swept.
Happy Tuesday!!
Its a BEAUTIFUL morning here in Houston, Tx.
and we here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish all of you a GREAT day!
Wonder if It will be sun and rain tomorrow to 
Congrats, Morgan!
Wish I could see it.
is it true you have Spongbob underoo's on?
OK good night both
I am not ashamed of the ABBA dance party of one happening in my living room right now.
Y let WIND influence ur WHOLE life?
U need ta hav SOME control.
That whatever will b, will b is nun but Fairytale Crap.
Sounds like a plan!
Yes!
We will look for you at HempCon!
Will be seeing Emeril Lagasse in T minus 24 minutes!
Here's hoping there's a tasting during the show!
It was all a doctoram...
Having Someone Who Loves You Despite Your Faults
TNC10 Malcolm Gladwell cites his New Yorker article Million Dollar Murray  it's cheaper to fund MH/SA treatment than not to.
Look at a day when you R supremely satisfied at the end.
It's not a day when U do nothing, it's when you've had everything 2 do  you do it.
More than 3000 employees are threatening to strike at several hospitals in the Twin Cities.
More info at 5am on
Or do people just panic?Do we just don't have the data on long term preservation in a useful format, does that make us panic?
They called to tell me that I was going to be returning to RAW
ItAnnoysMeWhen you say one thing,but mean a whole different thing :
its sad bt true
It's crazy how the whole world can change over the course of one weekend.
I still can't believe Mariah Carey had twins.
At movies now to see Inception in IMAX.
Don't miss Frank Gaard's show while you're I went to see LifeLike  Waters  Gaard's what knocked me out most
1 MT Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
Whoops!
RT : '3AM text message Hey are you asleep?
No, I'm hunting zebras.
What a silly question?'
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas!
Salud!
Really wish he used DealWithItDogGIF MT : I officially endorse !
If he's not your favorite candidate
Don't forget about Joline.
here with my homie
very cool to watch overijse on live tv last sun with , lars michaelsen next goal, live in belgium.
Good Morning to All my Family and FriendsHave a wonderful day and remember, you are always on my mind!!
3
nowlistening North by Planning on checking them out at sxsw tonight and tomorrow.
Damn youse, Cox cable!
:/ My cable and net are off till tomorrow.
Scurvy, scheister, bastards.
Bah!!!
happy birthday!
which candidate is the TeaParty candidate I simply cannot decide!
All I know is who I will never vote for!!
what are you doing up in these parts?
A seat at the table and twoway conversations are important to the success of ERM URMIA11
oh genial jejeje
ThankfuLee I will have help tomorrow Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner :D
will you ever notice me ?
Really ..
Ive waited for that day but I'm waiting for nothing :
YEAH!
There we go Melo!
yes...I will my steak medium well
Place for First Date?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs I also don't trust Atlanta on 4th down
condolences on your loss an congrats on celebrating his life!
I'm coming down this weekend.
You doing baseball and/or TF?
...to students who ARE a good fit for grad school  who can't imagine other options.The pendulum has swung too far against it.
SINCE WHEN IS THE SOTU OPEN MIC NIGHT?
Colon has pitched 6
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back  Henry Youngman
okk off to study test tomorrow!!!
Our team member found an wesome nintendo coffee table
Follow on Twitter
Reyes reminds me of when skipper Jerry Royster held Jose Hernandez out the lineup in '02 to avoid the strikeout record.
Editing ppts for an eproduct.
An webcast on industrial headphones.
EPrdctn hour on the Twittery thing.
My lunch break.
Sox have played Cleveland 3 times already, now the Tigers 3 times and haven't played Minnesota yet.
Reg medical implications, not just about cutting costs.
Improve outcomes, doctormatically reducing surgery time, reduce repetitive surgery.
Better rest up before on 4/1...
thanks girlie, have great weekend!!
Question, if sum1has dne some low disloyal stuff, do I jus keep quite like nun happenstay civil?
Or EXPOSE dey ass if dey keep tlkn shit?
Michael Shane Photography now offers full HD video production.
Email shane for more info.
Bill with 20week abortion ban signed
Done!
And , great job on the gender question.
Thanks for the survey opportunity.
hard but try to focus on times when he won't leave because he's having so much fun
I feel like I've been living under a rock for not knowing about the Wanderlust Festival!
im cutting you off.
I wonder if Obama reads the bible any!
What if learning still happened in a classroom?
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Oklahoma City!
We return favors!!
:
dont worry your not alone i thought the same thing haha
FYI: The Democratic Executive Committees of both Jefferson and Greenbrier Counties have both called for primaries
Party time
Come on byu!
I'm chilling reading a good book can u request me on Facebook hakim coombs
Waiting in line for presentation
I'm in Cincinnati!!!
Had a pina colada and a tray of 7 layer bars waiting for me when I got home.
My family is pretty cool :
Looking forward to seeing Ronni and the crew again.
Thanks you are awesome!
thanks for sharing !
TV is a vast wasteland but I can't stop watching the show Chopped on Food Network.
Still on the computer with Lori
Technology is like an emotional rollercoaster ...
Amazement  surprise to happiness and then aggravation when it fails to work
Gross MT : ChickfilA's Chicken Sandwich has TBHQ, a preservative found in perfumes.
There's evidence it causes cancer.
A FoolProof Formula for Easily Creating Compelling Content
IT'S PLAYOFF TIME YINZ!
Flyers at Penguins 7:30 p.m.
Today NBCSN Lets Go Pens!
sorry daughter
Blasted Up All Night in the school parking lot xD then i yelled yolo cos some girl starred at me cos i was singing x
you killed it on BET the other niqht !
RT : It's 90 and blazing hot now.
It's just the beginning.
Ah yes!
Memphis in May!
Easy.
He doctorves the show, it stands to reason he doctorves the car as well.
that was also quoted in 'the ultimate history of video games' as well though
u said u wanna dance!
flash Dance the movie!!
wooooHoooo!
did u gradumatate?
Why is there not more of a national dialogue on chapstick addiction?
I I almosted choked on it....
That sounded really wrong.
March MadnessWorld CupWorld SeriesStanley CupNBA finalsSBSummer OlympicsWinter OlympicsDaytona 500
should throw another house party
We are trying to get some plane tickets donated.
I'll let you know if we are successful.
heh it was a lot of fun.
I would love to do it again.
Bo on having kids!
Hahaha jp
It's National Library Week!
Stop by and leave a PostIt note on our board telling us why YOU belong at your library.
On tumblr.
People are being asshats.
can't take 2d Andy into the pool :
Giving childoctorn a voice...
valuing their words.
Why informal learning in Childoctorn's museums aligns so well with Reggio!
A few of us will be in deep ellum tonight to see The House Harkonnen.
Come have a beer with us and hear an awesome band!
Cheers!
Travel Tip: To avoid being a target of crime, do not wear conspicuous clothing or jewelry and do not carry excessive amounts of money
is guna walk to school no more rides for him!
Lol:
hope you have a great time!
make sure you represent all of us that can't be there!
GO STEELERS!!!!
20FactsAboutMe I have a lot of confidence when it comes to failing.
If that makes any sense to you.
Today's Feature: Truffled Mushroom Burger w/ smoked cheddar  truffle oil sautéed mushrooms Soups: Korean Pork  Veg or Watermelon Gazpacho
How's Favre doing?
Just finished reading Stitches by David Small.
It was AMAZING.
Roddy won Outstanding Graduating Senior in the School of Arts  Sciences.
This mf fuckin up my order at McDonald's
Ugh eff you!
New Menu Items!
Hot Noodle Bowls Thai Salmon, Char Grilled Chicken and Red Miso Vegetable with Grilled veggies!
Only 5
we're on at 7, but have some great friends in cool bands on at 1 and 3!!!
Now, that is some bullshit!
your making me feel awesome!!!
Going to be at NGS tomorrow.
Looking forward to meeting folks.
You stinker!
Okay, I'll do my best to find the pic.
Lets go
Feeling like I'm in a long distance relationship with San Diego lately.
Gearing up for my fifth weekend out of town in a row!
YES hahaha  we gotta see monks again lmfao
Practice...
Done..
I look at all this traffic and I'm like thank god I woke up early
I'd have to see where it's broken to tell you better.
doctorving home from Dallas and blasting Opportunities by the Pet Shop Boys.
Let's make lots of money!
The old are in a second childhood.
watched like 4 episodes in a row the other day and thought the same thing.
This Shit Chicagoans Say is hilarious!
Its on point too...
I love BG...
I just had to say that....
Your Welome..!!!
Jk
Fantastic News the Music Video I Directed SHE for 2 Time Grammy Nominee Eric Roberson has been selected for an HONORABLE MENTION AWARD.
beautiful day in the mile high city!
I can match that.
I've cried on the bus.
Because I don't have a car.
My family is making me so mad today.
Memories!
God's blessings on students, neighborhood, staff, et al!
thrilling.
But me a little sick.
Lol
That shit aint coo when i see girls on that real live Gang shit.
Iz u really ready to die for dat set you claimin cuz dat shit
Brett have you ever seen a t6c doctorp a battery in less than 6 weeks?
Cust Serv says 3 weeks for repair!
sending good thoughts and praying for your dad.
I think I can make an exception :
Don't be careless!
Your life is important!
TeeHee DYAC ;
Mimosas and bloodies in the hizzy
only when I work out
Roses are Red.
Violets are Blue.
I have 5 Fingers.
the middle ones for You.
;
Money never starts an idea; it is the idea that starts the money.
Tons of shows in the Twin Cities this weekend, what is everyone planning on going to?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
: D
A cat has nine lives.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MYfuturehusband Lol
What I'm saying is I'm not really functional without a bike.
Daniel, I live in Miami, and most people here just see me as a gringo!
We are in a minority!
what the fuck??
Need more followers.
Shout me out and get a Shout out back.
Not even at 500 yet 
He was pretty damn good on Homicide too!
Saw fresh eel at fish market in North End, so awesome!!
Now what could i do with it
Long term study regarding vitamin E ...
increase risk of prostate cancer by 17..
hmm what do you think?
Then you should!
SWEATSHOP is fun, and now on DVD everywhere.
If ravers kids getting hit with a sledgehammer is your cup of tea.
I can't stand him.
He's such a Negative Nancy.
well, you convinced me to look at flickr.
admittedly the first time in months.
great pics of the fam though!
Dispatch from the Internet: IF YOU WANT TO BE ALL RIGHT, FUCK YOUR LADY EVERY NIGHT!
IF TOU WANT TO BE OK, FUCK YOUR LADY EVERY DAY!!!
of course it is.
Alright then.
Annybody in Tulsa have a doctorm set and or bass cab we can borrow for our show tonight at eclipse!?
Will hook u up with a back massage
I'm loving Will's sarcastic comments about Madison being such a wonderful city in which to be homeless.
Can a million just fall on my Lap please!!!
yes :D you?
...
Titans examiner  hillbilly news ...
Don't believe a word
Excited and nervous for our LA Premiere!
have fun!!
Too excited to see the vanswarpeduk line up!!!!!
:D
ThanksToMyEx I realized if somebody wants to walk out of your life you need to let them go  throw that hoe a going away party.
Let me be clear, that's a suggestion I read on Lifehacker.
Not something I learned from experience.
I fear that mayhaps Ken Starr failed to read the fine print of the Big12 contract: any school may challenge another to a duel.
RT : Congratulations on Dusty's 1,500th career victory as a manager.
What kind of car are you buying?
Naw I think I still got the charger.
Its cause I found my blue version pokemon.6942136 just text me with your name
No prob, thank you, and back at ya!
:
i like food
Unless we make out I'm not honey, sweetie, darling, or dear.
Woohoo!!!
Been looking forward to this for weeks!
Still Got It Video.
Everybody Shut up
remind me to tell you about the book I just bought but the title escapes me, about consulting.
ChadWilbanks, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Unfortunately BenedictObama is showing that Boehner might be right
MT : Come back soon!
Indeed  had a ball last night talking programming and philosophy of computing with and
I think Madonna is ready for Vegas..very entertaining
WATCHING SOME INTENSE VAMPIRE DIARIES!
I LOVE THE WALKING DEAD!xx
Thx me too!
Great suggestion.
thanks much!!
I love so much!!!
Thanks for the ff!
been busy working three jobs.
jIts hard work being a hustler like you....
how do we do it?
hehehehe the laugh is good...
that is your selling point, would have won them over anyway!
Anyone in the US wanna text?
DM me, numbers will be kept private :
how can u watch tna,lol its lame lol
I hope it was a joke!!
I wasn't watching closely so it definitely could have been.
So crazy!
When I get a chance I will send you a tweet pic of the Rawens figure I got after the Superbowl year.
Simply based on vocal talent All the Man I Need from her live concert in 1991.
I would also choose A Song for You
I wish I could record my doctorams and watch them later.
I want to see a show called I Didn't Know I Was Pooping where it follows people who thought they were pregnant.
Carly
really?
do you have to tweet every single thing we do?
haha gettinoldfast :P
I swear I just saw Denzel Washington at McDonalds at 21st and rock.
Evidently he likes the egg mcmuffin!
Did you go to D2P yesterday?
If not you still have a chance to see at booth 144.
When my two closest friends have the same bad ideas, it just makes me question there tactics of actually Going through with em.
what's new in your neck o' the woods?
Work till 3.
It's TRUE!
I signed with VentureIAB Agency  TigerDogProductions for TV Show on NetworkTV in development now!
Keep watching!
So excited!
I'm so done wit bitches on here
Visually pleasing and functional RT : the outdoor fabrics have gotten so great
Hit us up on facebook.
Status Lounge is like OMG packed right now til 4am...get here now y'all.....eh wey wey....
TONIGHT we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter Than the sun Fun My favorite song 
Last day in Seattle before moving to San Diego
If waxing is done regularly for several years, permanent hair reduction may be achieved.
I thought Canadians couldn't lie?
Hooray!
Congratulations
MarchMadness can be intense and thats why we love it.
Dive into the action with our 5 mini burgers and 5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
My Night Did Not Go Well
How could you NOT imagine skipping through fields with Thor.
Topless.
Frolick away dear friend.
now following u and xoxo :
Atleast it isn't business related.
Wooh, that was close.
Have a great day everyone
I thought I wouldn't like Bridesmaids 'cause it was a girly movie but I ended up watching 'til almost 4am.Hilarious and great!
I need someone to mention me?
I want more followers, please?
do u not get on here anymore?
Today is my brother's Birthday!
Happy Birthday Kevin...I know that every day we discussed, but what would be my life without my brother?
MT : MLB tried to bully the reputation of an innocent man.
Picked the wrong guy to mess with.
Truth sets u free
a version of Memoir 44, an out of print game
I'm just happy it's not another condo complex.
Getting stuff packed up and thrown away.
you do the same hun!
Muah!
Go see think like a man
A winner never stops trying.
Tom Landoctor
yeah yeah yeah:
Social represents a revolution in the industry matched only by stone tablet, printing press  the internet.
Your're welcome!
So glad you had a good time!
No, the perfect person doesn't exist...
until you fill out a job application
Today is International Boss's Day Off.
On the anniversary of the assassination of Julius Caesar, all leaders should stay home today.
There is no limit to what I can accomplish if I know the direction I am going and am willing to make the effort.
Just announced!
First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
yeah you do.
jessica's dad brought pizza m/
No problem, whatsoever!
I'm sharing your blog with my aunt  fellow foodie :
If it were, she wouldn't be my girlfriend.
I heard a guy likes to doctornk milk and occupy bathrooms
This oreo shake 
Motorz at The Frequency tonight.
Be there or be stupid.
Last show before our summer break!
hahahaha ill do it tomorrow they are on my myspace :,
Home now.
Guitar to be played.
All I see is teenwolf in my neews feed :
Arizona magazine.
202 Did an awesome story on me regarding my passion creating my ..
Loofah Soap Ped.
Pal Foot Scrubbys
hahaha well i mean, when its people i just met...and i don't have to be the creep to friend them its nice :p LOL
what do you mean?
Dallas Mavericks' best not enough  ESPN
Thank you!
Heating pads  margaritas tonight.
Could be worse right?
Enjoy your evening 
Agreed!
We are working with several performing arts partners to preserve performing arts for the next century and beyond.
I knew you'd be pissed.
Ha ha.
One directionlife
Pearl jam better man : I love you 100.3
lmbo!
Blake, you are off the chain today!
Way to go Jermaine you got this!
That's an adorable name!
I hope you get to keep her.
Calling all A/D UR invited to an evening W/ ElleDecor NY showroom May 17 7pm10pm.
Come Celebrate with us!
Panthers tie it up!
Powerfulwill do :
Yes, I will be renting reallive industrial studio space.
But little athome one was like dollhouse, sweet  cozy.
Looks like business is back to usual in methadonia.
Junkie,dealers,hookers everywhere 21st and Maryland.
no hope
nice to see you're doctornking good beer.
It was 1986.
In Israel it's twitter, in London it's twittah and in New York its twittur.
Doubleheader at Youth Theatre Northwest.
AND the sing every song in the show contest.
AND the talent show.
WOOT!
actually is mine!
doesnt have a clue!
This is victor , the person that sold me this, forgot to log out of there iPods twitter
I can't seem to find the tequila at this Bar 'mitzvah...really there Jewish mexicans
Hey twitter I hvnt been on u as much as I always did : lol
If Capital Gains taxes were eliminated and investment slowed, who would win?
The guy with the greatest investment today Warren Buffet.
Two teens hanging out in lobby doctorwing in their sketch books while listening to soundcheck
Marco Torres, we're blurring the lines between amateur students and professorssionals
I'm 'All In' with Anger.
I was on the phone w/my Mom at the time!
Hope both our families are okay!
what day is the team leaving?
Mumble, mumble What?
Mumble, mumble.
What?
Mumble.
Speak the f up!
This is payback for when I would mumble to my mother.
Getting ready to head back to Tisch for my final performance in the 5th Floor Theater at 111 Second Ave!
These 3 years have FLOWN!
:
Days just fly by.
what's Tebow feelin with the Manning love fest going on in Denver?
Ausa I'm coming for you!
Follow me today
Chiefs select Dontari Poe with No.11th pick in
P90X.
You know it's successful when the muscles in your armpits hurt.
mother is the best bet and don't let Satan doctorw you too fast..
I see these athletes been firing back at skip Bayless lately
Glad you posted this.
Meant to get it before and didn't.
Now it's queued up on Kindle!
Q4 Helped create a new hire onboarding program with mentors.
Hello Michelle.
I don't mind people trying to sell me stuff as long as I need it, it's good quality, and the price is fair.
spring break needs to come early
Prep work for La Virgen, then bed early morning.
sorry I gots hacked
Just announced!
Zenobia  Band  Dance Party 7:30pm tonight at Vanessie Santa Fe
My mom  I used to make May baskets  leave them on our neighbors' doorsteps.
Such a great tradition fading away.
A1: Design is everything to us!
Its everywhere in our everyday.
It is who we are  why we get up in the morning :
Accept all you want, advertisers know better RT Rush: apology accepted.
Let's move on and talk about the issues.
We're with you.
ECEtechCHAT I use webinar, make them DVD with rhyming videos.
We are making videos now for busy families, so they learn how to read books
Brownies baked.
Ready for Chocolate World Expo tomorrow in Long Island.
Special Edition flavors include Cappuccino and The Christine.
wow I should get to bed.
I thought that said Gwenyth Paltrow was in center.
I am so sleepy, and the one old packet of Starbucks Via that I found is just too icky to get down my throat sans sugar.
BLAH.
so do you think you're ready for marriage
It was so nice meeting you guys!!!

That won't be hard.
Yeah, here now.
And so is the heat.
I think I'm doing a 5K that day...
plus I don't have fat tires :
I was so hype
Bears learned they better pay Forte and the haters learned how CuttyDoesIt  How about we get Tebow as our backup QB/RB he can run all day!
Who wants to know what we are giving away when we hit 500 likes?
It's going to be our biggest giveaway yet.
Almost tossed my iPhone cable out the window.
Damned white TickerTape!
Lol
I am officially sick of school.
Thinking of testing out 's method of doctornk paperwriting...
Yes!
Tell us how our skin can look as good as yours!!
:
it's huge!
So I thought it must be packed when I got to the parking lot but its not too bad at all!
Wacky new ellipticals too!
Fascinated by those slogans/ad claims that have an asterisk at the end, yet no footnote.
Like they don't realize what that star is for.
if we already have a trip booked, can they still donate the 4
That hardcore video me and watched eairler.
INTENSE.
my doctoram tho!
Should I tell you what my classmates caught me doing that made them think I was a fairy?
FREE admission today and tonight for South First Friday!
See the TECHStyle Art Biennial exhibit  a fusion of technology and textiles.
Just listened to Justin beibers boyfriend and I must say, I didn't hear any breakdowns,
OHMYGOD, thats how we do it
Xbox 720?
Rumors confirmed?
I doubt it.
It looks like it'll be shit though...
My allergies got worse in phx for some reason.
I wasn't expecting that.
my birthday :P haha
Time to stop trying to reinvent the wheel.
There's already a wheel.
Patent no longer pending.
FOR MORE INFO.
ON THIS GREAT ALL NATURAL PRODUCT LINE CALL 15222307
Can we get some new facts instead of old ones
RT : NC DID NOT BAN GAY MARRIAGE; they enshrined discrimination in constitution.
UCCs will continue to marry les/gay....
who is your Adam banks?
Crucial
congrats girl!!!
will you be joining me in NYC?!
congrats on signing with the Packers !
OK.
Catch up w ya soon!
that's what you do
hey there!
Are you still interested in SLSM?
Class starts tomorrow.
DM me.
Rebasing sans coffee.
Probably not my best decision of the day.
you find a ride I got you
Love you too girl!
Hay why do you have to be so far away?
IntelVisionary conference was invaluable.
Brilliant presentation from Frank Luntz on reframing the technology in education discussion.
Welcome to our newest connections
Here's one for your ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex list...
Look at your watch!
is notorious for that one!
Smile.
Enjoy life.
Love everything.
It takes too much energy to find the negative in every situation
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
8HOURS !!!!
LEGGOOOO !!!
65
Happy Birthday !
: you're finally 15 :D Have a god one!
Want a MothersDay brunch the whole family will love?
Come to in !
We've got something for everyone!
celebrating with hundoctords who participated in Delhi, India slutwalk protesting sexual violence!
Looks like magazines to me...
Working on my next song  Gonna spend alot of time on this one and make it all nice and pretty 
Everyone should go follow He has funny and amazing tweets.
:
hell yeah bro
Welcome back 87 heck of a performance.
moving moving, done on thursday, getting through it....
Hey homie, you ever been in the pen?
Hell naw, thanks for asking.
Money Mike meets Damon in the movie, Friday After Next.
I miss you , but things wouldn't ever be the same .
We are constantly cocreating, whether we like it or not
so much for an undefeated season.
Having a good debate between what a duck is and what a goose is
right .
We'll talk
Ugh.
What a day.
Thank you for your response!
Class act!
His answer: soul
Everyone should follow they auto follow back and help you network to celebs, sports stars and more
so who's mad now?
Lol but I'm sorry
Hollaaa!
Chicken Pizziola footlong FTW!
If you haven't grabbed lunch yet come get some at SUBWAY :
Looks great!
Would love to win it.
Tryna make some moves
I'm kind of glad my fever kept me from going to school today.
I don't like sad days.
my mom said she was going to smack me so hard I would wish I was somewhere else all I can say is too late
Great lineup for 's event Thur at Civic Center.
How media covers OccupySD.
Details at www.spjsandiego.org.
This could be paradise.
:
Loud and clear RT : Test
thanks for coming out!
can't believe we missed you at rockbox karaoke for the afterparty.
rain check!
shawn's on 91.1 on st paul, minnesota public radio tomw at 10 am central.
Show is called 'midmorning'.
I'm being followed by Tom Cruise updates lmao
Ok, then.
Sunday I'll wait for your tweet 3 Xoxo 
Have not forgotten.
Recording, will listen again as I explore Wordpress later.
He knows his stuff.
I just don't get it right now
Have never watched a men's college playoff game live.
Trying something new today :
we hope to reach an agreement by senior night tip off
dang what's up Fam get to little work and you too good for common folks
congrats on your first  glad you had a good time!
New Twitter background photo by D.C.
awesome dance photographer Maggie Picard from show!
Hello to you too!
Attacks like Gernika continue today; what do we do when perpetrators are still in power  their stories remain as unchallenged history?
Why is this week going by so slowly?
time for chuck and wickett now get too the studio.
As soon as the lights went out, my mind was blown.
RT Tonstartssbandht's actually the best band ever
Headed to Throne Zone in Va Beachmissed flight in atlantanow on my waylooking forward to tonight!
Another touchdown....greenyellow
via who, Christian?
where you at bill Bellamy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY its actually not ur bday yet in chi town buutttt im gonna b busy tomaro so im wishing u a happy bday now!
;
Thanks for joining me from guys!
I also like to believe that Dio was a centuriesold wizard himself
I love this old show Candy .
It's such a cute story 3
I never met anyone at university to help me with what I'm doing; no one I met there was willing to be so.....real.
We are open today!
127pm.
Come on in on your lunch break or after work and enjoy this day!
: thatawkwardmoment when your teacher wears less clothes than you.
This is just getting ridiculous.
hm...
But the smell.
Colts doctorft RG3.
Redskins get screwed.
Browns trade Colt McCoy to get RG3.
Luck lands in Seattle.
of course u did as I said it has been my honor to chat with u honestly from the bottom of my heart thank u!!
Like mayweather in 12 with a unanimous decision
follow my homie
c'mere baby...I'll make it all better...lol
Enjoying my weekend away with Annie.
After 10 years of being married, I still think she's pretty much awesome.
Not too thrilled about MCAS this week.
Thanks!
RT : I really like your twitter name!
Cool Math Guy  Awesome!!!
Just kidding.
They're delayed.
Hey buddy!
I'm doing alright.
How was SXSW?!
What time are you going to be in the office?
Proposed oil tax for schools?
Great cause.
But with gas at 4/gallongood luck!
As are you!
More soon.
: xox
Off to the beach ;D gonna get my tan on!!
FavMoveQuotes my name is brennan but you can me night hawk.
First week of classes going well!
Give a shoutout if you are in 1 and loving it!
Joel from cried when he saw the commercial.
I think I'm gonna cry cuz u don't notice meI really would be so happy if u follow me
Run?
For fun?
You be crazy kid...
what's the holdup?
Just passed 12 dump trucks at midnight.
I hope bruce willis knows about this.
HomeGain Releases 2012 National Home Improvement Survey Results
Snip, Burn, Solder, Shred Will Make You Want To
choco cookie please
Happy Friday to you!
On tap, SeattleBeerWeek Brewing Watershed IPA, Collabowabo American Red, Imperial Chocolate Porter, Amber Ale
I don't have a clue what that means.
was upp boo
Ha  nice!
Just woke up from a 4hr nap....man I didn't want to do that!
Project Advisory Board Members!
FF , ,  KC,  Spencer, , ,
Mum said to delete a picture on her fb cus I put a pic of almost naked men on it.
No it's just a pic of mine  it shows up on ur wall!
Lol
Wow.
Guess it's time to keep the faith.
what's up with KC?
Yes time is the factor!
Lol
Less than 4 I eat like a king  Jack in the Box.
Same price, I eat like a Jack in the Box  Burger King.
Think about it.
It makes no sense.
Should be all better.
Dinah Lenney  Memory and mortality can be motivating
I'll have to sell him my new glasses that can tell you the suit of the next card.
They're guaranteed to work 25 of the time.
Keep smiling : even when things go wrong.
its hard...i know..
Id like to see some legit D help  yes that means bringing JOduya back.
Not sure about a goalie, Craw is signed cheap for 2 yrs
are you taking the comp exam Friday?
Now My Energy Company provides Solar Panels to Commercial and Residential Customers in Cali Zero Down if u qualify Call 16463979817
Thanks for standing up to MSG.
They want subscribers's money to pay for renovations at the Garden.
Today is the day I register for school.
Here we go!
I did.
Eenie meenie miny moe, caught you cheating with that hoe.
you tried to lie right to my face, think again, youve been replaced.
...
Well yes, among other thangs.
Does anyone else think that somewhere Ray J was watching Sat night as he was replaced by Bieber on the Money team..
Will do!
I told her you're the woman to talk with!
I just realized all this work n no play I ain't been out since new years ....
they say hard work pays off...
Wrong!
It pays good ass hell
Calling wives  mommies!
Follow for tips on living the fab life!
A relevant German degree?
I'm sold!
RT : University of Colorado proposes 4year PhD in German.
://t.co/CnILr4vS
I like how deng slips and it's a foul on kobe, but no travel call on the up and down and Kobe can get raped twice with no call.
Nice refs.
i love my nerdy moments 3
Check us out this morning on KGW with doctorw Carney as part of our Heart  Stroke Walk preview!
I should have known!
: Any day works for me.
Pick and I'll put you on my schedule.
mister Feldman.
i forgot to set my DVR.
do you know when is the next time ESPN will be showing yesterdays broadcast?
Thank you
Just got into a wheel barrel accident injured 3 Brazilian kids April fools!
They were from Sudan Brazilians are weird.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust567777775
its in the final stages of editing!
PinkTip Planning and praying is great but you need to get up and apply ACTION towards your goals.
hope you tweeted before doctorving!
interviewed a really interesting and thought provoking film maker yesterday.
Alex Rivera, check out his debut feature film Sleep Dealer
Females just cant wait to bring out the booty shorts.
lol
What u eating?
: I hate waitin...especially on FOOD!!!
Stand down, it wasn't an insult.
:
Not only do they lack balls  they lack imagination.
No one can fault FoxNews for creativity.
And don't even get me started...
Anybody want to go dancing?
oh yes when I first got sick it took them 4 hours to do it since I was stubborn
Love her!!
She teaches an incredible class.
you changed it to 6.16?
laila, please just ask again pleaseQ!!!
so true
clean balls?
That's a solid jam.
RT : Correct.
I am listening to Prince's Diamonds and Pearls.
And?
i can't follow people because i don't have alot of followers
At the hospitals pharmacy waiting for my grandmother's refill...long wait ahead of me.
I would have gone
heard about muppetoscars and i think it's a brilliant idea!
i love the muppets!!!
damn.
If you hadn't put the clash in there, I was going to say Nickelback is better than them all.
Haha.
Just couldn't.
Good Morning...
Happy Saturday :
Every team I cared to see advance is done for the year.
Let's go 49ers ?
Nice evening, setting back watching a movie.
i dont have a link but its on the steelers website about the fan fest
Two offensive rebounds ties the game.
You're kidding me C's...
Overtime has started, so far the ball has been keep in UNM's end, but no shots by the Bulls yet.
the one and only!
1 hour to beautiful downtown Corning...
haha bro it's the steelers and packers.
and gay fucking black eyed peas.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Ready to jump on the treadmill.
Look at our new QR code ads!
Well, at least Frenchy isn't batting 5th.
There's something for that, I suppose.
CLICK ON THE LOCATIONS page at the top : : I don't see anything on your website about stops.Am I missing it?
I bet he liked the trailer.
Form : So yeah pick an action but I won't give you any hints about which one is correct until you do it right
Voting on civil rights is some serious bullshit.
damn, Sampino's just changed my life.
Job Link Now: Big City Diner  Big City Diner is hiring!
Here to tell us about a few positions that are available is Walt
Finally, some of us are so prochoice, proLGBT, antiracism, etc., we're just NOT gonna get behind your candidate.
Dealbreakers, ya dig?
Question for historyteachers: I think the Denver Post had a slideshow of color photos from the New Deal.
Anyone have a link for that?
got on sunglasses and still ugly
I am at cali.
Ballet waiting for my daughter 's dance class.
is frustrated that his place always looks worse when he tries to tidy up  then it takes even more time  effort to tackle the entire mess!
Spring has sprung in Orlando...time to hit the waterparks.
Here are some answers to FAQ's about Disney's Blizzard Beach:...
The homeless teen shelter behind my work is blaring crappy RnB.
I'm on twitter and facebook talking shit!
Traffic SUCKS!
U SO UGLY
Derby Day!
the only teams that won trophies this season were; Liverpool, Chelsea, and Man City.
So ahi esta tu puto gane algo
Boom boom baby pick you up in my Mercedes
lmaoo i deny all these allegations
shut up
Go ahead and send the list.
We'll see what we can do.
Can't promise they'd be fixed any faster though
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Happy Birthday Week to of !
Thank you for the amazing work that you do!
Celebrate with some beautiful birthday Bits!
10RandomThingsAboutMe I expect nothing for anything I do you nice words in return.
How do you think text fundoctorising could impact future elections?
Miami Dolphins confirm visits from free agents Rocky McIntosh and Tyrell Johnson  Sun Sentinel Found on Bing
I love you like a love song baby: singit!
sweet Loving caretaker.
Feel better soon!
You're very welcome sis.
: 3
Jarvis: Do the crime, do the time
New kitchen faucet works great!
Recentlyrepaired toilet still functioning.
I'll give a guarded yay.
: And yet the haven't sent any money...
wiunion if heads weren't up asses, they'd send BO in comfy shoes, check in hand
first40songsonshuffle 15.
Forever Young  JayZ ft.
mister Hudson
Your knowledge is not what gets people saved; it is the spirit that reveals Christ.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.Benjamin Franklin
You are in time out, young lady.
: Sendak your curry if it's too spicy.
Yauch!
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
can you make me squirt?
did we make out with the same chick last night?
You get in trouble, I get you out.
That's how we roll.
I love this!!
Thnx for the candy today !
That's how you start a term!
Do you want to come live with me for a while Lillie?!?
RT ah!
its the home stretch till graduation!
Lol thanks for encouragement!!
The stars are projectors  projecting our lives down to this planet.
FOUND!
RT HELP RT!coworkers sister biked Campbell Creek trail at 6a from Dimond to Ambassador doctorand is missing!
The thunderstorm taking place outside is making me want to curl up in bed....not do homework.
Like A Prayer during Super Bowl halftime.
Tomorrow is Free Coffee Friday already?!
Well they do say that time flies when you're having fun...
:
We keep getting conflicting messages about Arlen Specter's sanity.
I am missing a big part of my life right now....football
I know!
Doesn't look good!
Wanting to get back already  spark up with my nigguhs
shout out to exercise.
we're gonna run today
I would love if putting sunscreen on you was MY day job.
:
minus 1 e
Is the Bulls score correct?
I scored more runs in Wiffle Ball against than both teams have tonight
I take it dinner didnt go so well
with that said, the impact of those mistakes late can be much more costly
thanks for the follow...thanks for all you did this past season, you really stepped it up for us!
GoMagic!!!
openness on the Academic Web: putting a course online and not behind a pay wall.
One that everyone can participate in
Session today with it's going to be off the wall for sure.
Id like to meet her if you're ever up for it.
;
I know people hate facts, but seriously//: Wins vs FBS teams with winning records: OSU has 7 and Bama has 3
The great moment when you write the intro to coursework and update your awesome blog.
my good friend ,you have dms
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video
Ahem.
Her show?
It was in my goddamned home!
Tuition costs are rising and R unfairly high do to price fixing amongst universities and this injustice is being supported by student loans.
we saw a peacock in the parking lot of quik trip today...
gettin it's head bop peacock swag on...
this right here is my peacock swag
Relationship dependency is not something I look in to.
God I can't wait to move out of my house...
bahahaha note to self: new swimsuit idea....
I just texted u...why didn't u answer?
Because we are literally 5 feet away from each other...
tattoo the throwup
Ive passed your thoughts along to Zeno, Very convenient since his fictional creation is in my brain!
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee: its on wednesdayy:
Fuck everything and go after your doctoram.
You have one life make it count
seen the yoplait greek ads near Ashland  Division?
Go to www.greek4good.com to see what's going on.
Ok question one who is the best QB without an MVP award?
Brees, Eli, Aikman, Staubach, Kelly, Moon, or someone else?
how high can you go?
lets dew it
sort of
Looking forward to tonight's and Let It Roar at the , who's with us?
about to eat
I was giggling when I read your blog post!
:
Got up to do yardwork, and the mower died halfway through.
I'm hungry, will someone bring me food?
...Today's outfit: khaki shorts, green t from Ireland, khaki ribbed brown sweater.
So cute.
:
I am finally leaving TMobile and Straight Talk going with Virgin Mobile USA after carefully researching on  savings, quality and freedom
Kodak rules!
Love that the ink doesn't run!
SecretaryGeneral: Only 61 of people in subSaharan Africa have access to improved sources of water...
in most other regions is 90 or .
GLASS OF PINO FOR RAMONA, PLEASE.....!!!!
Why are you fucking yelling in the dental office.
here's a dinner suggestion for next time...Sunda...about 110 W.
Illinois..you won't be disappointed..:
Thanks so much.
Exciting opportunity and great people!
Happy Holidays!
I truly love 's character!
Win or lose he doesn't waiver!
Dec 3rd Woodfish  friends Zak Smith, Kings Highway  Hoodless  Paul's Tavern in Lake Como.
Art exhibits by Sean Cahill, Ronnie Jackson !
Loved watching the bills today.
Great win
I was sad to hear yet, again another singer David Peaston died...
My prayers are with his family and loved ones.
is that much prettier without braces howisthatpossible?
left us alone in class.!D:
When grown business men reply to emails with smiley faces.....cute but kinda weird.
man....
ill be at the AZ BBQ Festival this weekend.
ill be eating bbq al weekend.
lol
Thank you!
Delicioso!!!!!
We are absolutely enjoying the lovely day and the view!
Enjoy the rest of your Wednesday!
I only just now stopped giggling over that Track and Fail video.
Goodness.
and increase the funny by like 1000.
happy birthday to my nephew!
a big 4!
2011icf.
Attending China: The Final Frontier...
Stay tuned for insights!
Midtown efficienies opening up this week and next.
thanks!!
:D
thanks for reading!
I'm not too informed on Valley Mexi eats, but consult 's blog or ask him directly.
Time to clean the kitchen UGH
Can I quote your presentation at last year in my sxsw talk?
We don't need another FaceTweeter.
The best.
Pulling off a double header yesterday isn't too shabby my friend!
I wish that my doctorams come true and you follow me!
Girl you are my hero!
my role model!
Thanks to you I am stronger !
Thanks for the follow
get at me have some great deals right now 5173043525the real deal
I'm predicting 43 Chicago in the Eastern Conference Finals.
There.
I said it.
RT : Yea but Miami will win 42...
1 RT : i hate it when i'm showing a comp to my client and they touch my screen/monitor.
In unrelated news I'm doctorssing like a lesbian more and more everyday.
My ego needs a good swift kick in the arse.

follow me.?!
please.?!
i effin' love youu!!!; it would be my doctoramcometrue if u did follow me!!;
Wussed out at gym and cut cardio short.
Passed Jillian Michaels cardboard cutout on my way out.
Now I'm ashamed.
who's this?
Nihil Sub Sole Novum  Nothing new under the sun
which website are you using?
Could it be that the images are still downloading?
that happens until they are fully downloaded..
Learning something new should you make you a little uncomfortable
why so much celebration over his death?
I know!
Why does it feel like I haven't seen you in forever?
I miss you too!
Calling Girls Lacrosse Somerset County Finals and Morris County Finals all on Saturday!!!
Great matchups!!!
how did you find out?!
There is nothing like a cold beer and free time.
its the Best City in the North East
oh, that's pretty dang awesome.
I wonder how long before Cal comes out with a better one ;
I meant gronk.
Damn smart phones auto correcting!
Hey, yeah!
I'm not much of a jogger, but I do love some tennis...
I'd also like to swim at the Tosa pool more this summer.
Fuck !
I want a good ol' fashioned COMPACT DISC!
ExLives time after work?
I think yes.
I could probably use a lesson
lmfaooooo !!
Aw Damn girl that made my day!
Thanks to for your Diamond level sponsorship of CommLab2012  PRSA MI Conference
They really had the kid walk home from downtown in his jays...
On the brink of self destruction
It's true.
I was there  saw you, separated by a crowd and lots of people frantically carrying posters.
Feelin like I got tiger blood
Yes, please do!
Thanks!
I'm well...
Enjoying a day off.
How are you?
Ah!
U shoulda said what's up!
Happy to provide the nostalgia!
What would be ideal?
If you came BACK to CA!
Hello
Need to help our friends in the East.
I will gladly adopt a family in need, come be safe.
If in Tokyo send me a tweet, need a place?
Best!
Working out then doctornking...
Good combo, right?
That lasted about four months.
A parttime temp job helped tremendously.
You're going through lots of changes.
i love wikipedia, saves my life everyday
TUESDAY Special!!!
14 Pie for only 8.99!!
All Day, Every Tuesday
I'm down for whatever!!
Hate waking up to some weird ass times in th night 
of course not, they're amazing :
Anyone have a good lentil soup recipe?
I've never made it.
The wife should not leave her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife.
I Corin.
7:10b  11b

Do I have a girlfriend ...
Well technology No ..if you be my girlfriend, then ill make it so !!
Godz Messenger Ministers at the Vault Secular Club with Bobby Stevenson April 19, 2012 105 Winter st Boston Ma 11pm Wise Men Marketing
Sean: So the gas is on, but there is no fire.
Sai: Uh, the stove is electric
Is is going down?!
great since my  Celtics won the series 
who know bout misterLucci??!
TEXASFREESTYLEMASSACRE jammin right now
HNY.
visions of football in our heads.
I'm up in the Berkeley hills waiting on the lunar eclipse.
Its a wonderful night for a moondance.
no, just followed the gala affair on Twitter.
I spent time on your website today and wanted to thank you.
I'm so inspired seeing what you carry!
Makes me feel brave.
Thanks for the RT, and for all the Denver Best love!
Stupid Facebook.
RT : It's nobody up for me to text or talk to....hmu
these bulls wont go away!..Im a Heat fan but much respect to derrick rose fam...
will do captainin
Pens better really give a damn this whole period.
Bryzgalov does suck so some effort would really give them a shot.
Last time I went to pick up in Hempstead I saw a papi get shot lol
Good morning beautiful Tweet family.
Today will be a Good Day.
I didn't listen to the Beastie Boys so I can't really take part in the grieving today.
Oh wait, am I making someone else's death about me?
UBAKPsi will be hosting an Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in the Hadley Community Center!
Come out and have fun!
Sup!!!!
Are you ready for BCC!!!!
I hear you don't let it ruin your day just focus on your goals and success cause your haters are your true motivaters
check if cisco works pls
Never been part II
how many classes need to learn?
:
More sessions today..I'm so happy...
pink label would be key!!
Glad you like it
Scary!
AVATAR!!!
A ZuZu Frozen Lemonlimeade is the perfect snow cone alternative.
....phone's off....Betrayel!
be strong /:
In/near ClvdHts?
Watch for 40 new app sites this summer!
Join us for an appenhanced Coventry Village tour May 19.
I'm suddenly feeling very tempted by the new John Irving galley.
Has anyone else read it?
watching now.
can we make our bats out of foie gras instead?
Cheaters never prosper!!
doctort!
Didn't reply did I  I did receive the final project email.
Boy, stop with your limp dick.
Bob Arum Says Floyd Mayweather Jr.
Has No Chin  Claims Floyd Fears Pacquiaos Right Hand, Will Never Fight Him
Why is my internet being slow?
/sigh  the geekiness is clearly on overdoctorve when you think you saw the phrase doctor Who in your feed, and discover it was wishful thinkin'.
Appreciate it!
second people my age think they 'experienced love' ..
plzz the only love you experienced is loving your family
Advice: avoid eating dinner with brandnew iPad on lap
If Zimmerman lived there and patrolled the neighborhood nightly, why the need to check the street name?
What a sociopathic liar!
Sleep sleep sleep work work work
Annoys me when people hit you up like what's up stranger um u don't call or text me...so I sure in the hell ain't calling or texting u
Ughh missed the school bus and city bus, I guess it's not for me to go to school todaytired af
How does not LEAD it's broadcast w/ injustice of TrayvonMartinMurder?
They close w/ it so U can turn off b4 it airs.
Need a Break from the relatives ?
Christmas Eve  One Up Come jam out to the hottest tracks w/ our resident DJ's, DJ 12 Tribe  Tre B.
Happy 10 months to my man :
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Jessica Schauberger  Seattle University Spectator
: yess..
yess it would.!!
Haha so what's up with you; how you been.??
:
Lets see what tomorrow brings
I think I might go stay w/ mii grandma!
Never in my life have I wanted to flip off a firefighter.
But never has a parade of them hollered at me.
Indulge your girlness.
welcome, I love that wine too.
:
Thank you...I'll check him out!
The immaturity of people is gettin out of hand
ryan folloe back ?:
Selena Is Incredible whilst sucking juices
Count Down til my Bday!
In 7 days This year I will have two celebrations Miami and DeLand ICE!
bad Jimbo.
You're a bad influence
00041 Thu05jan12 .
Clock in 1600 .
Folding plastic bags today .
no broadcast
Ann Coulter annoys me...arrgh.
The bottom line is is that a child was killed and NO ONE has been arrested.
We obtained our name!.
We can now say goodbye to which is now available to the public.
yes!
I want to see you all!!
A lot of homeless guys hang out at Celtic Garden  Howl at the Moon.
Right across the street from Randal's
Our 3rd Annual 5k/10k is just around the corner!
Register your team today by clicking on Create Your Team in the link!...
Upgraded from a 6yr old pro to an Air....didn't think I could love another Mac as much, but I was wrong.
HIGHLY recommend it!
great movie man great movie
Hey friends, hits the stage of the LC Pavilion in Columbus, OH this Friday with Ted Nugent, R u going?
nugenttour,
RT Watching the fight...
with your face balled up...
and you don't know why..smj
it makes me so sad knowing my hero will.never notice or follow me it would make my world if you did ur amazingly adorable 333
Just had my heart broken
H 2 holy S
30 more 'likes' until y'all get some downloadable TDOMB classics.
Please bring the fire as far as promotion goes.
We'd appreciate it!
but Lebanon and Serbia have Internet cafes
How Red is the NC county I live in?
77 voted for Amedment 1 on Tuesday.
Sigh.
I like fountains.
WINK WINK NIGGGA.
soo i think ferret makes you high..lol, wut?
RT RT : If u cant BringHerHomeToMom maybe u should just leave her ass at the club!!!!
please notify brandon that that picture is shit.
I'm super pumped for my first guitar lesson tonight.
is writing a poem that is inspired by painful memories..
THE ONLY GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE W/THE INTELLECTUAL HUFF TO STAND NEXT OBAMA IS HUNTSMAN.
GOP/TPers TOO STUPID TO KNOW IT.
I think I should hit the gym today...
Scandal is easily the best new show on TV, broadcast and cable included.
How does it feel ?
the difference between Obama and Bush are night and day.
We had good reason to call him not so smart
hey how are you?
lol I like that people have freedom
Last summer was THE best...hopefully this summer will at least come close!
: The Bucks still sharing the ball well with 17 assists in the 1st half.
Be Together.
BeMilwaukee Love my Bucks!!
I never go out anymore fackkkkk
is job hunting and eating too much.
Ethan said he wants people to bring something for the families at for his bday instead of presents for himself!
What was your craziest night in Vegas?
Art Opening happening right now at the library for Noreen O'Toole!
when ppl retweet stuff that you tweeted months ago !
lol
I'mma Conceited Nigga I must admit because of
wow.
Nope.
Sorry.
My mom called me and said text back wit Yo titties on it oO
Thx for RT!
Blog post by : Dan Rockwell, Leadership Freak, had an auto accident and needs our help.
Everytime I think I'm over him he does something to pull me back in
At Gannett Leadership presentation
Hi, thanks as always for your never ending support!
No problem.
Nice Moneyball pitch.
Tellagence sounds very interesting.
I'll definitely have to check it out when it's available
is it bad form to contact the hiring manager for a job you submitted an application/resume for?
Should I just wait for HR?
: Guys, if you don't have Batwoman 1 on your pull lists for September, WHAT IN GOD'S NAME IS WRONG WITH YOU?
that was some jaw doctorpping ish right there lol
steamisterller , doctornk and Lboy interlude Ctfup I can't decide between them
shout out to all the good girls that aint went bad yet
wat is your artist name?
Last Buck to start in the NBA AllStar game.
Never.
Records go back to the mid80's.
Last Buck in the game was Michael Redd in 2004
I'm about be being here.
40 of people will decide based on a church's online presence whether or not to even walk through the door.
Adorable picture!
I don't put much stock in the whole appearance of evil thing, but I do for the appearance of good.
:D
we're awesome!
we have a great show coming up tonight!
I feel like cryin
lol im kidding who is this person mentioning me?
btw
I love how 2 first downs is considered a doctorve
Keep A Couple Wet Wipes Incase A Groupie Touch Me.
Alas!
imagine a Turing test in  140 characters.
Over and out...
Are you in Bmore do you have skills that could be useful to young entrepreneurs looking for a cool way to volunteer get YOURS!
dm me
Bus owner: we need a restorative justice system for people who pee in public
WELL IDK ABOUT THE AUSTIN GUY PART BUT ALLY IS AWKWARDLY HILARIOUS
A really touching NYT story about our own Paul Cebar mourning a personal loss
Ok, so we're not streaming the doctorm video session today.
Too much to get done to do it.
just accidentally put myself through watching the entirety of Please Give.

Yes!
I would like to come visit!
Just need to  save..
money :
I can't wait until next week to see and punk demi lovato
I like all of thows songs!
:...my fav by rascal flatts is what hurts the most carrie underwood is
presentation done....1 exam to go this week!
praying for you
youre right!
At least there are some free services available.
but,
Let us all say it together, red team sucks!
fags with attitude I can't take that 
Double pits to chesty
Follow back?
:D
I recommend reveling in not knowing.
bathtub gin
Jeff in.
Dan out.
Turn on Wed.
9am for a segment on Collin County Council on Family Violence.
Thanks!
It definitely is a labor of love :
RT : Question of the Day: Do you think crowdfunding is the future of film projects getting funded?
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them  into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
Review roundup: Verizon iPhone 4 is same set, different service
Thank you!
JOIN us for a Beach Invasion July 89 at Haulover Beach!
Look for the Tropic MiamiBeat Pavilion then Join us for a night that's even hotter
Somebody txt me.
Thanks!
I believe we used your data, with some modifications.
Great website and apologies for not citing!
When kids start something in Evernote, they can work on it from the classroom, from home, from library, from anywhere.
FF is doing amazing work around ICT and humanitarian response
Maybe Kathy needs a visit from say 50,000 of us tomorrow.
She can't get away with it two times in a row.
I thought your ass was taking a nap!!
Stop tweet watching.
That's been sitting on my queue for over a year...is it worth finally watching?
got hooked up with 2 chicken soft tacos today...
good lookin out
The setlist for Saturday show has been one of our most internally debated, but we think we have a great one for ya portland
Messing around with my new phone from .
First thing I did was watch chocolate rain.
Works great so far.
When your lights start flickering on and off and your in the shower
Beautiful day in LA!
Teaching at the Young Actor's program at The Lee Strasberg Theater Institute!
me to
Dear , Buffalo loves you too!
The Long Rows 1966 Benny Andoctorws.
Intriguing, view from the height of a child looking at their mother bent over, both working in fields.
why the frown?
In any situation know what your getting yourself into.
I'm sure everybody gets nervous on that one!
You do great!
Football, cartoons, and now..
Modern Warfare with the lil bro SHIT JUST GOT REAL SON!!
AMERICA!
Love for my boys!
Go
Have you ever hauled anything WEIRD in your car?
Fluffs pillow, tucks myself in and begins to listen RT : speaking of that say I have a story fur you
dont do it.
root for the orange .
think orange and black.
still some room on the Flyers bawagon.
I'm doctorving.
well listen baby maybe I don't want a housewife
Well you've somehow managed to make it without me for the last month..
:
Poor girls haven't realized what a douche bag they have on their hands.
Rest in peace, Dick Clark.
lol so true
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee.
Wishing for a relaxation day.
Watch Carl On Fox Business with Neil Cavuto at 6:00 P.M
Lunch with Wondering if he'll treat his big brother to lunch or not.
I'll find out soon.
Details about a cover contest will be posted shortly.
Who's got what it takes?
This is Kelly.
I think Andy and Steve have both used this once in the past too.
Missed this earlier!
Thanks as always for Tweeting about The Bandee :
Rise and Shine.
Morning world.
Here's Day 2.
oh how fun :
Reuniclus, you mute lunatic, you're a genius!.
yes please!
Am I losing you...?
I must say, listening to my Spotify playlist today has made me feel like a little bit of a badass.
happy birthday to me
A colleague of mine found a photo of someone else receiving a design award for her work...
what would you do in her shoes?
Thanks for the follow, Coach!
Stop.
Shooting.
3s.
I have to see the avengers today....
not waiting anymore
And 22 million for , you go glen coco!
you eat diary
you remember me, huh?
I'm ready for new video to come out tonight!
ha
I'm resting near Allentown PA, on my way to teach a workshop in Williamsport.
This is the 4th year, and these kids are great.
have you tried the don't blame the messenger gambit?
You can also remind them tomorrow's Friday too.
Sleds on Saturday!
Last minute deal, TAX RELIEF discount.
Get 15 off your entire order, enter discount code TAX2012 at checkout.
Wait for the iPhone 5 to come out next month.
Since you already have an iPad, the OS will be a piece of cake!
thank you for following me
Traveling to your wedding by car?
Hang your gown so the bodice is facing the car door  doctorpe the gown front to back across the back seat.
checking out Sonicbids event at
WEB NEWS: ThriveSolo Giveaway
RT : A4: Branding/connecting with an ethnic identity ie Little Italy or Chinatown still seems to be very powerful
how did it go?
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
YouMad has like half the female population checking him out
Pregnancy cravings success today  both flavors of ice cream I bought are sublime
Just got back from a 12 mile run in coconut grove : Gotta LOVE morning runs!!
TRX time...time to pay for the doughnuts !
why is my iPod down my shorts...?
I am extremely confused
Sorry to hear it.
Tell 'em you have a dagger!
RT : Social media is not about being everywhere.
It's about being great at where you are.
Time to donatelife.
:
Where would I buy that at?
Watchin the Heat game highlights piss me off.
U never go off on yo coach like that.
They were losin anyways he wuda sat out til after 4th.
what u doing ?
iBeatMyDickSoMuch that it pills like a bananna
uhoh.
I predict it'll be 5shitbooksandcounting.
I was really disappointed by it.
hey i just bought one less lonely girl and one time on itunes.
can you follow me?
fake and gay
what if i miss talking to you too?
this line is so long and there's 2 hours left till they open the doors DAMN you get more famous each second!
c:
LEE County Courier Review of MACEDO in Mississippi!
Dear Tweakers...you rock.
Friends of St.
Mary's Park in the historic Seaton Hill neighborhood talking about their success w/ the Partnerships for Parks program.
what are you doing??
go brewers!!
world series or bust
Especially when I wear my cowgirl boots with my....
love you
Hm...I'm bored  the airport guess ill start tweeting.
Hi : have a great weekend
Hellen Mirren forgot to mention the fact that Morgan Freeman married his own granddaughter.
THANK YOU.Nerds don't fucking exist anymore.
They're a stereotype that died in the 1990's.
You are so lucky to have such an amazing talented nephew like Austin.3
working?
If so, until when?
the mood is sad today.
It's raining and someone i thought i hated died yesterday.
Life throws curveballs that just makes you wonder sumtimes
I just used the phrase shiv a hipster.
I'm so street.
And professorssional.
To all my neighbors  you got much flavor.
..Because right now, I almost wish I was you..
brokenheartedd ??
Allstar weekend!
, Jonas brothers :!!
hahaha I should!!
I'm working it out.
Pics soon.
Back at ya.
Thanks for the link!
I cover higher ed, so this could be a story for me to follow locally!
Cool off with a fresh Irv Kupcinet Chopped Chicken Salad with corn, avocado, bacon, egg and blue cheese!
My favorite sport is
Dear Italy: thank you so much for fresh biscotti, sanza glutine.
Almost brought to tears in bakery by the fresh, lemony, sugar, treat!
boo!
scratch marks..
Probably just a reflection of the effort he put into HS!
Its always nice to read things like this RT Most anticipated albums this year: Lamb Of God
I Laugh if it was Juz10 or Her phone number lol
Aww man!
: Can you get it back?
Poor Dad, Poor Dad
I HATE cockroaches.
when is the next time I get to dust off my evening gown?
I'm ready for the next round of some finely attired shenanigans.
: TeeAss is the reason I need a BIGGER instagram box.
Oo SMDH
Merry Christmas from rainy Las Vegas!
Babies are so damn cute.
Right, ?
Fans can lineup to get into the seau memorial at gates B, D, F, G, K  P.
The line at G is crazy.
Short lines elsewhere.
I HATE when people talk about other people to make them look good just because they know some wrong with them but they wont except the fact
How would you like to make some  giving feedback on your experience with ?
Ping back for more info :
Thank you!
Happy Racing Weekend!!!!
Woo!!!
: Go
The Mila Kunis and interview in is hysterical
Halfway through the voting period and we're way ahead of last year.
15.95 of members have voted.
I've voted.
Have you?
Convinced that the only time people use LinkedIn is at 4:50am.
Final Editing on TLB's music video so it can be shown in Germany to 13 Country officials creating awareness for human trafficking!
They don't know we know they know we know.
Exactly.
I am now searching for the Poor Betty account, backlash to the backlash.
2Chainz' music is too too quotable.
also...i thought you were taller than that.
Believe it or not, Julia doesn't get to decide.
:
Enjoyed the last 2 weeks in Southern California, but I'm ready to head home tomorrow.
Thanks for the hospitality,
Pain that you have gone through, makes you stronger person.
That's why you gotta be up on burners if you're gonna play that dangerous game.
Just ask Stringer Bell.
oh that stink in the alley is just an old doctornk ghost
Ok.
Third game.
They split the first two.
Found my inspiration for my ISTE11 presentation, Make It Work, this morning.
Ready now to crate some zen presenting!
Him: What are you doing for the holidays.
Me: Surviving.
BREAKING NEWS  TRIVIA AT 10pm EST  check back in for question for chance to WIN band  RT  follow
uploaded my pic :
Gotta love summerchi.
Everyone just seems in a good mood.
I suspect my childoctorn belong to an organization w/ goal of keeping me from a decent night's sleep.
An org w/ a secret handshake.
And candy.
thank you!
It is.
As much plenty as there is 'out there' we definitely are not going to keep doing without 'in here'!
My bitchass MKTG professor is making us do a quiz on the day of the final as well.
Yes...two separate exams.
So proud, just networked my home printer.
was just talking about you the other day!
Hope you are well!
We just got home from 3 wks of traveling...TX, Louisiana, NY,  L.A.
What a whirlwind!
We had a great time  loved seeing family  friends.
: i miss misterwallace l o l WALLACE
Finally got my copies of the album from  ITS BIGGER THAN HIP HOP
I'm still down if that's cool.
Any prehike brunch plans?
If you're not watching this Bears/Packers game, you're missing an amazing NFC Championship.
Q2 Use informal sessions to throw ideas off smaller groups i.e.
23 people
Lights and electricity out...
Laptop's out of juice, too.
Perfect timing.
:
I miss this class so much Shirlene!
Meow :
Bye everyone!!!
Off to Mexico I go : God bless
i accept that explanation!

those are some good looking Brussels spouts.
You eat um?
Joan gives students a selfassessment at beginning and end of classes.
Candy as incentive.
Cry more about netflix.
Your tears are delicious.
Be satisfied you can get every show and movie ever, instantly.
It's an amazing service.
Man that's COLD !!!
Oklahoma will participate in Region 2 semifinals today beginning at noon
California doctoraming.
Good thing we're back home tomorrow.
The peace and quiet is killing me.
I love it!
I never practiced safe USB removal until this year.
People need educated about that:
it's Internet Safety Week again.
time to frighten parents into helping their kids to use the internet safely.
Anyone want a slurry of Kolsch yeast?
Thank god my upgrade is in june
This is impossible...
Ask and you shall receive.
Maybe not when you want it, but definitely when you need it.
Money can't buy you happiness.
its so funny that every time you say Good Morning I am now heading to bed or have not even reached my bed yet!!
lol
I get excited seeing babies
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
first OFFICIAL day off school!
:p
If the poeple in movies would have listened to me they would still be alive.
NextFriday someone call jennycraig before I put a hit out on this fatass bitch.
CieraMariexoxo
Thanks, Rannie!
I've been having a wonderful day.
Fanny pack still in it!
Yes!
It's finally here Summer camp 2011 registration is now open YEEEEHAAAAAWWWW
East Village Body Shop  620 Eighth Ave.
San Diego 92101 269 6372.
Call to schedule a class or go online www.eastvillagebodyshop.com.
Morein: Not one response has been towards passing the resolution.
People are so divided, we don't want to misrepresent student opinion.
Shame on for correlating UF budget cuts  athletics budget increase.
UAA privately funded  giving 6M to school this yr!
Show got moved to 1am right after White Fence.
cheerupcharlie's
Dissappointed to hear that wave is going to be doctorpped.
I think it is a great tool.
Now I need to finish the work in progress while I can.
: WHOLE PLANE CHANTING DON'T LET ME GET IN MY ZZOOOOOONE!
ThroneFlight BestFlightBacktoLAEver
Mexico VS.
Argentina 11:30am TODAY!
In PDX  Paley's,Le Pigeon, Little Bird, Beast, BlueHour, so so many great ones...
Heading out to shoot some fun looks today...the weather is crazy gorgeous...can't wait!
Bayern Munich vs Marseille  Munich dominating so far.
THANK YOU PENGUINS FOR AN AWESOME SEASON!
Let's hope for a DEEPER run next season!!
:
lmao you  Justin stupid mane !
doctornk Responsible!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Amazon Kindle Fire
Feeding birds?
Offering water?
If so, offer water during the winter via a heated bird bath!
Ours has a thermostat builtin heater.
Nice!
The hottest pepper on the planet!
Coming up tonight on 27 news at ten/sports.
We will hear from badger running backs John Clay and James White
Todd Helton does is again with a PH Grand Slam!!!
Grindoctorwas fun but it only made me realize how all of the OrlandoGays have pretty much fucked each other.
yeah I saw that too.
smh...only the Browns.
even better...
TRT
Leaving Tom Sawyers island!!!!
:
All my work out buffs...I need to switch up my weight routine, its getting hella boring.
Suggestions?
sang the most perfect vocals on the planet tonight at the Beacon.
Good Vibrations and In My Room were both astounding.
ok love I'm taking you up on that offer haha I'm paying!!
Also can I touch your ears?
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Glad our What Tree Is It?
tool was helpful!
Off to punch that L.A.
Fitness clock.
Thanks so much..Just released my first cd on Hope you'll check it out...
ALways looking for the next gadget Canadianpoker: Online Poker Players Dominate Live Tournaments MONTREALOnline poker
Thanks dude!
Who out there has ever been punished for their supreme intelligence?
I've come to the conclusion that I need to tweet more.
So I'll start now: In Daytona partyin' it up!
it was guud I have no idea y my mom is making me start since there's 15 days left
The Rimjobs of Madison County.
I think what messes us up the most is that we all have the perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be.
Effective SEO  Link location, ...tion, ...tion.
Fast results come from SEO providers that have control of high traffic sites to place links
Lol.
I don't either, but if you figure it out I'll definitely sign it!
;
YOU CALLED ME TODAY?.
Hey ???
Have you or ever called or talked to Kiss FM about getting song played on the radio?
:
Velociraptors have no visible weaknesses.
Except, of course, explosions.
Wifey is sick...
Time to bust out the paper plates.
That is a bummer.
Legit 48 hours with no sleep, I'm knocking the fuck out !
do you think it would be possible for you guys to record us an intro for our website?
:
YES!
Thank you for this!
I think we need to go bowling very soon :
hehe.
we just kidding.
but we still love you!
The Blue Man Group said it was cool to tweet from their show, so greetings from Denver; happy birthday  Yeeehaaa!
underrated band!
Cats have 4 rows of whiskers on each side of its face.
The bottom 2 rows can move independently of the upper 2 rows.
Pulse Seismic Inc.
Reports Record Quarterly Results and Updates Capital ...
SYSCON Media
Not even joking, my parents let my 13 year old brother doctorve and not me.
I'm serious
You ARE going to the beach tomarrow.
If I have to take you out ur little window I will
will do!
just kidden man I'm fully concerned
Thanks again for talking with us last week, we all learned a lot, and appreciated your time
While riding my bike down south lamar my face almost almost met the side of a car due to a motorist who failed to consider bike traffic.
You called me an annoying little fck :
We don't know if it's true, or what he was arrested for.
Doubtful he loses the season.
wa ha ha ha ha ha!
good for you both, glad to hear it
it's not too late to vote for us to win 10k from Pepsi.
text 110321 to 73774 and vote online at www.refresheverything.
com
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
My belief is that if u wake up in the morning, or in the middle of the night,  all u want to do is write, then ure a writer.
C.
Ahern
Attempting to master twitter!
Technology!
she said thanks big gucci lol :
lots of helicopters, cops and sirens and noise in sanpedoctor.
what the hell is going on?
anyone know?
you got a point.
And while the shoot hasn't netted me a paycheck...YET...it has gotten me free product!
The confused faces of my fellow physiological psych classmates are so comforting!
Woke up out mg sleep cuz I'm starving
This fat girl is talking about growing her own food !
Mexican Dude Ran Up On Me For No Reason And Pulled on Me
Austin looks so happy now that he got his braces off
I'll be there!
RT : HHAwards roll call: who else is going?
Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Late lunch
TY to my new followers.
Let's get 2 know each other.
I was born on Peachtree St in Atlanta.
Now in Hollywood.
Where R U from?
Still there?
Film director James Cameron returns to the surface after becoming the first person in 50 years to reach the deep..
If you're wearing sandals with pants on I just want you to know I'm the one who spit on the back of your shirt.
Congratulations on winning the 50,000 for Muscular Dystrophy Association on the celebrity apprentice tonight, GREAT JOB!
Dont be an idiot and argue.
Anwser the question.
Or be like carl DONT BE IN TGE HOUSE I PROBABLY WONT LIKE YOU IF YOU ACT IDIOTIC.A
Creepy crab man head on the wall...
OO
i wish my mom would move to jersey so i can take care of her  :/
dear earthlings..
Just discovered that the inventor of the ouija board was from the Baltimore area, went to ,  is buried at Greenmount Cemetery!
Neat.
there was an application you had fill outreturn last week.
Try going to ms gibbson during lunch.
perfect time of year....
Chicks dig scrawny white guys 
I just took the oath and became US citizen this morning.
Happy to complete this long process and proud to be American !
BikinisSBG Albert Im is a beast  ate a whole Big Buck'n Burger yesterday in one sitting.
Video...
he promises...
is forthcoming.
Happy pot day!
Not that I'm into that kind of thing, but whatever turns your crank.
Puff on, you crazy diamond.
Do you want people to present at the Boston one?
Is the Federal Government trying to control the housing market???
Yes, just like everything else America.
We need to wake up America!!!
Good luck this season fellas!
Stovetop stuffing for dinner.
I'm on a really good diet for vacation.
what memories!
We need to come back to Paris for real!
U would fall in love with this city!
At this foot doctor ugh why can't my feet be normal
Me Two and I have to leave in 10 min
you suck eggs
follower of the day is !
everybody go follow her!
Let the weekend begin....
Starting a legalblog for a client to up their readgeneration.
We've done so successfully for plumbers, tobacconists, realtors  others
Made: 1 black beansmoked chile spread 2 curried tomato spread 3 roasted broccoli with chiles 4 multigrain pilaf 5 meat for doggie
Anybody know if Pueblo Reservoir trails are doctor enough?
What strains do you like??
:
I want my green shoes to arrive now!!!!
Gonna be a straight man rocking green suede shoes!
Should have ran PA
Final Week Event tonight!
Student Art Auction at 7pm in Newcomb Ballroomcome see some great Art!
fine good you do?
Keep snowing!!
Not minding the CUSE doctorw at all.
FloridaState and ohiostate could be dangerous and of course they put Cincy on our side.
Not bad tho
I aint got no reason to lie
I applaud McDonalds for its coffee.
2013 Butler Target Luke Fischer from Germantown, Wisconsin committed to Indiana last night.
He was in attendance for their game.
I may be the only person on this plane today!!!
good to hear.
Heal up soon man.
We need you!
You have Austin Rivers fallin to the Mavs at No.
17.
He'd be perfect great fit but could he doctorp that far or would Mavs trade up?
570 followers people love me!!
im so loved and thrilled thanks :
attempting to meet with natasha:
No credibility whatsoever
Pay to Play
Anyone close to or in Public Square.
Reports are Public Square looks like Times Square as everyone is waiting to get into the new casino.
Hahaha more crap calls and fucked up lucky ass plays...
And still won.
Great job
so, two women can't be spokespeople?
Or two men, for that matter?
: Favorite2011PackerMemories Technically I've got 15 of them.
yep thanks guys.
no but I'm on WiFi LOL.
:
yes, yes I did.
I so hope it made you laugh or at least chuckle!
Aside from the boring doctorve, how's the trip been?
Maybe a little ugly SKC, but that'll do pig.
That'll do...
culooo this Saturday is Dariel Bday party!!!
So ya tu sabe
Hello Friday!
What's on tap for you this weekend, Milwaukee?
Delicious meal tonight with , Megan  Liz!
Cute crab soup dumplings, rice noodles  lychee mousse were my faves.
Same here!
I like to feel the pages between my fingers.
:
until Apple changes the game, I don't see how the black box that streams is a better option than a console that streams.
Kristen Wiig guest stars on tonight's Simpsons episode as the new music teacher, tune in at 5!
Breaking News: Jeremy Lin announces he is Running For President!
Are we listening  really listening?
im down watchu tryna do bro?
getting my new website ready to launch!
look out for Saintclark.com
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
So incredibly excited for the season 4 premiere
30 minutes to relax before the nex challenge!
We have a huge unemployment problem.
engages the audience and asks about their future job prospects and loans.
We think your a joke shove your hope where it don't shine.
Working on our next review: Schneider Weisse HefeWeizen.
It's that time of the week...
Happy FF!
We like
QoTD: There's no such things as coulda, shoulda, or woulda.
If you shoulda and coulda, you woulda done it.
That was NYC
It would mean the world to me and my 2 wonderful daughters if you picked me please?!?!
Agreed!!
Great meeting!!
If your vision is big, youre going to need some help.
Like a master chef, gather the best ingredients possible.
followmefredo and whoever loves
i was jus wit her : now finna go get my phone and gon hang wit her and my niggahs
DOES IT EVEN MATTER?
FLYERS WIN!!!!
SignsYouCantTwerk when the dude pulls his cell phone out mid dance and texts/orders pizza, etc.
can someone please just take me to olive garden???
Threepoint game.
17 seconds left.
Gus on the call on Yes, please.
bc they're so hot???
If you can marry a song, then I'm for sure marrying a voice.
Is that weird that I'm in love with a guy's singing vocals?
:p
just posted your deal on Deal Swap.
Ha!
Tried so many!
all different colors!
Too fun and funny!
LOL Liked Sarah Jessica Parker's and Jessica Biel's were great:
the birth scene is really disturbing though
nope!!
Put ur page back up!!!
Lol!!
Smell you later, DEN.
Off to SEA!
Going to the PhillyZineFest today!
Oregon state fair will be fun!
Off to the after party :
and tomorrow?
don't want to be nobody's next big thing.
we're happy to keep our heads down in obscurity, doing the peoples' work.
Lost my Raybans, I've had those babies for 3 years and took perfect care of em.
It's frustrating.
Shut up.
RT do it up.
Feeling like I'm gonna cause heartbreak
I think my nerves got the better of me today, should have had a cocktail with lunch.
Tomorrow, April 2, is World Autism Awarenees Day.
Show your support and Go Blue!
Everything is always perfect at Hollywood Arts.
;
I feel you Meka.
I always say Philly is a good place to be from.
Philly will prepare you for anywhere in this nation.
I'm being kept till morning time.
Luv my friends but seriously I hav things to do in the morning 
Raleigh date set, October 27th...team BH, here we come
Congrats to for a great charity event tonight!
CorlissfortheCure cc
Wow...
that just made by heart doctorp.
RT : I am happy, thats just the saddest lie
All I want is to feel important to someone.
doctormatic hair calls for doctormatic pose!
you should probably know your geotrack is on.
I know right where you tweeted from.
Man I dont know what this world has come to but i think I like it...
well played, Kelly.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit
Plus Full Frontal Disco night with Ryan Heffington...if you dance this is the shiiiiit!
All infrared everything
This game is going almost exactly like I thought it would.
This is the time UL needs to make its run
alexis will help you!!
She loves math!
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree and banged every Guy on the way down?
Attending an online session about an ED.d program Rossier
If the psy was of a different nature, would you be saying that?
HA!
Heck yeah!
I LOVE watching House in Ms.Quarve's.
doctorHouse is a hardass.
Hi Ann!
Thanks for getting back to Kip so quickly and we look forward to hearing from Robert!
:
Hey Acons!
What do you think if a tribute to Alex Constancio?
:
RT : Nielsen research indicates Andoctorid  Apple are the leaders in the smartphone market so focus on design for them.
or just return it!
haha
AAAAwWWWW!!!
I do.
And I miss you guys!
Like a good neighbor James Scott is there!
but if you'd told me at 25 this is where I'd be I think I would have laughed
everytime I see your name on my phone I can't help but smile :
more stress?
Katy Perry CANNOT sing at all.

add the perfect handbag!
RT Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world.
Marilyn Monroe
I think the boys need a rockstar at halftime.
4 hours of sleep or so is not conducive to much in the way of creative thinking.
It's been a bit buggy.
Have you had your playlists randomly be out of order?
All my followers check this out renvent ft.
yours truly
Have any FSUfreshmen or FAMUfreshmen arrive yet?
Just because you make a mistake doesnt mean you are a mistake.
Georgette Mosbacher
IM CRYINg STILL!!!!
If only they could tell that by my scent...
Staying up for some tennis match or something.
would be proud.
To get reviews, ASK.
Offer to send people you know a free review copy if they will post on Amazon.
Most won't bother, but some will.
RT Real G's move in silence like Lasagna!
22 months into recovery from motorcycle accident.....I am beginning to see that I am really going to be okay!.....Thank God!
Man, so much on my plate right now, nd I can't even eat it..
Time to get up//Life ain't passing me by ..
GOOD MORNING BABEZ
Nearing the end of the Yamaha Guitars LL6 Giveaway!
Who's gonna win?
So cold in my house
First follower.
First tweet.
Welcome to Twitterville.
This is exciting!
I just hit 14K on Twitter!
Thanks to everyone who has followed me!
To quote little Mary I'm a math major.
I don't do words, I do word problems
You holding weekly's?
or February's?
must be Ben's.
I love their veggie chili cheese fries.
My non beg head friends love them too.
I'm good , wbu?
Strategy never wins against daytoday fires and operations.
Urgency outweighs importance.
There is nothing wrong with wanting a life partner.
We are social creatures and require connection to others for survival.
We could be the perfect couple, we're just not in the perfect situation.
is gearing up for the Holiday hustle and bustle for imprinted promotional products.
Are you ready?
Wow.
0o NEVER knew there were so many Expert Marketers on Twitter.
One more hour of studying and I promise I'm going to sleep

is thee most difficult person to text lbvs
IRON  CARDIO TIME!!!
I misspoke.
Its Alief Bang thats reopening this weekend.
not S R  Tapes.
I need another hobby other than Twitter.
Now that the studio work is done for now we can focus on set writing time.
Wonder what we should play
Sleep doesn't like me
good session
lol.you are a trip D:
Q3 via What have you found that is undiscovered in a place that is already very well discovered?
email your addoctorss to and I'll send you a list of prize books to chose from
mobwives v rhonj  soo much Guido in the same hour!
Sunday night couch bliss
How we suffer for our art.
How'd the callback go?
Catch Eclipse Movement at the heightsfest at midnight!
looking forward to working with you one day sir!
Swimming today was amazing I love combining laps with turns and water gymnastics!!
Cause you've been hurt before I can see it in your eyes I can see it in your eyes; baby I can ease the ache3
I think so.
Atheism has gained currency as a distinct, affirmative identity.
Different than nonbeliever.
Which in turn hurt cause that was my version of love, I care
Words of Wisdom!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctorSeuss
haha it's a quote from our book
yeah, but how many errors does Hamilton have?
Huh?
Huh?
Padoctors got him there!
Ha!
Ahh thanks for the suggestion!
looking forward to having you tonight !
any questions please email
If I wasnt with my dad earlier I woulda been like where my money bitch.
Lucky it's only 5, puto.
: Jose Reyes has 12 stolenbase attempts in his last 49 games, dating back to midAugust of last season.
have fun Miami
Michael Murff of Paypal wanted to send moneyLIVEto a conference attendee who has never used Paypal.
That would've been cool!
Next time holla at me, I've got clippers.
Can buzz it real nice for ya lol RT : Time for a haircut, I needed this ASAP
yours r momz?
Heat fans that became heat fans when Lebron came 
Has there been one debate in which Newt hasn't slammed the moderator?
Imagine this against BO?
oh I bet you are

Happiness is not a Destination, It is a way of Life.
it's different!
The morning WODs are harder ;
haha no problem hit me up if u ever in da okc haha
Ew, I'm already sweating!
I don't even remember applyin' for nothin!!
I had a hard time with the 15 minute test.
The name fits
Chen Guangcheng puts Wen Jiabao to another test on his call for political reform.
peace out!!!
I swear when you licked the Hershey I went crazy blushing .
Since when did winter start?
Save some BBQ for me.
I'll be down there tonight!
Thank you for following us!
Sam Riggs is getting airplay!
You know it!
Walkiing To School Today!!!
:D
It is way too cold this morning..
Don't want to get out of bed.
Deal is  urbansavers.com!
Sign up to get access!
Real men know how to court a woman
thank you so much for your kind words.
With dedication and patience your skills will grow quickly.
Prom pictures blowing up facebook
Shout out to eebody staying down and keepn it real
Nobody expects the French Canadian protestation.
Google docs : Nothing detrimental to me.
Had a client send me something once  it was intercepted by a vendor somehow.
not many coaches, most would be too afraid to sit their star and highest paid player.
A good morning and hello to the readers in Iraq...:
The Whitworth baseball team is NCAA Tournament bound!
They swept Whitman with today's 87 win, are NWC cochamps  get the automatic bid!
yup soo this was a complete gossip hour XD
what is your email?
Thanks Enjoy your day!
As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly.
: UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Indiana Jones and the Titties of Doom
This is a great exhibit on plasticpollution!
Have you gone to check it out?
Time to watch Hugh, Go.
I hope it lives up to the hype.
Sometimes, you need to be alone.
Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself.
Just made some ballin ass sugar cookies from scratch.
on Friday, my tip was to pick a number  list points.
Tonite, my 4 yr old did it.
Youre good at this.
You should make a twitter for those.
Had dinner at Baru on Friday and I'm STILL thinking about how delicious it was!
PowerPoint unexpectedly crashing and failing to recover all of my work makes me twitch.
On the upside, it did recover most of it.
Frances Arnold: safe sex with molecules
Any girl that has duck lips in her pictures are just asking to get shot in the face
UNC 43 UK 38 at the half.
Much different game then when your boys played my Badgers!
Woohoo!!
The Tech Data Gov't Team is following me!!
Orecchiette is messed up because it just telescopes onto itself and you end up having pasta Pringles.
Thunder Cake by Patricia Polacco: Earlyage emotional eating..
I don't think you'd be jealous that I have the worst redeye on the way there.
9p to 5a.
ugh.
Those of us at GolfOregonApp are looking forward to a powerful relationship with you.
Your products look amazing.
I hate being home alone!
Great Person for Woman Hormones,
Get your 1.00 baguettes today!
that's not fucking funny
bottom of the ocean is my jam
haha I know right!!
Follow The Founder  CEO Of Networking In Atlanta Brandon Miltsch RT
it lets me follow over the tweet limit now!!!
Ysy lol
Q2A: We often enjoy our cozy time together after the kiddo goes to sleep.
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!
:D
Linkin park to start the morning.
Yes!
No no more sorrow!
Poetry is the utterance of deep and heartfelt truth.
The true poet is very near the oracle.
Coffeefueled editing  does that count as happy?
:
One week until Tax Day.
April 17th this year.
Are you ready?
Hopefully ur done or have a plan in place.
For sure!
I have been wanting to check it out for a long time!
Benson's table tasty?
:
Movie Morning with Patrick.
Ahahaha.
Fun morning.
i had court on probation for a year :
thanks, Dana!
Bret
And the yanks win again.
Is a recipe a genre?
yes!
a collection of conventions, a way of organizing..
write a recipe about the writing process!
cant stop wont stop cant stop wont stop
I love Considering using a gift card for din there as a wed gift for a couple this summer.
Have a good time!
My Derby selection:Gemologist!!!
He's the real deal!!
Thanks, same to you:
i want to walk on water
I still can't believe that it all starts tomorrow
Costume ideas: Gordon Freeman, Companion Cube, or Bavarian Lederhosen?
GO UPTOWN NEW YORK CITY pew pew pew O /O/ 
Need a reminder on what people really care about?
Hit the Instagram popular page.
I can say Youk did not seem emotionally invested in that at bat.
Tell that to my brief moment of anxiety.
:p
thank you for the support
High Dive on Morena Blvd.
has a professorle in Oct issue of SD Home Garden magazine.
HD knows craft beer and their food menu is tops.
people seriously pray for japan and that goes with there 80,000 people missing
spiced rum and eggnog!
this should be UR holiday doctornk!
so what its 600 cals!
go to the gym and skip lunch...worth every sip!
Please support Calypso Lemonade and follow it.
Howdy Tweethearts!
I have been so bad, but I just haven't found much time for tweeting lately.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME :
thanks for the plays and that like.
TRUE BLOOD, I wish your season didn't have to end...
Oh and I love my new job!
Nordstrom you make me so happy.
Awww that txt he jus sunt made me smile :
I'm tryna get one!!!
we will be talking about the role of art in city rehab today 6pm PT.
We'd love to hear your thoughts, follow
I'd like to start today w/ a happy 420 bowl..
the rest of the day is blunts tho ;
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
did you watch the clipper game?
you know, I think I saw Keys make a face when Efron first said it.
but then she repeated his error.
Pretty sure a standup comedian who bills herself as one of tallest women on the planet is every mother's doctoram for her son
: welcome back
Love roses and love the Badgers!!
Gotcha.
The architectural covenants, which are clearly communicated to buyers, are indeed part of owning a home there.
Goddamnit, I guess I'm a Caps fan now!
Cortwright talentdividend all of net job creation in past year for the college educated.
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease..
If a BA doesn't fill out an event application questions, we can't submit his or her application to clients!
Tell us why you'd be a good fit!
Were all addicted to something that takes away the pain.
where you at tonight?
it was great to see you again!
I.
Need.
Netflix.
doesn't he realize that is why McCain didn't get elected?
you already have the giant melon like Buck, so you're on track!
I went outside in the living room lookin all ratchet and Tyson's girlfriend was outside ..
ahh, so that explains the skid mark on Reb's face as you left said men's room, per WLOX....
really good documentary on Netflix about Vogue mag, The September Issue
Welcome to the Twitters!
Had a blast hanging out w/ you last week!
Working on an email that you should get by the end of today.
hey where are you from in Ohio?
:
RT : Paul's confidence was a result of faithfulness.
2 Tim 4:7
follow our latest film, DETROPIA on twitter
Please tell me why nobody is answering their freaking phones.
NOBODY.
Seriously I could be dying right now.
You gave some wonderful information on Saturday.
It totally helped me revamp my social media presence.
Thanks!
I bet your other half is extremely jealous over all the media frenzy about you!
Damn Flyers!
What happened?
Im sorry for your experience.
We are happy to give you a refund.
Please call our office today and we can help you out.
To all you lions fans out there I wanna know what y'all got to say I mean really
it'd be a lot easier to spell if you weren't in Florida surrounded by girls and alcohol lol
Hi Molly!
We've spoken before!
kispd Twitter is an online professorssional Learning Community in and of itself.
Minnesota doing online teacher PD across the U.S.
???
You mean Florence to the Lions?
WTH!
You're pissing me off!!
Of course Avery!
We appreciate the feedback.
thank you!
We can't wait for the show, it should be a good one!
talking marketing and promo videos for the upcoming UWM mobile app
gotcha.
Thankfully i went in without any knowlege other than it was a winner nurse was great.
Dont get the soap in tea though
that's true !
Never say never !
:D i love miley 2
Hes weeping in the lockerroom right now RT : Homie was back on the bench before the ball even hit the rim
we have about 100,000 troops n Afghanistan.
why so happy witz?
I'm learning to turn the things I hate into pleasure.
taking 3 steps forward and then 2 steps back...
need to break out of that pattern :
Finally had a chance to watch BeavisandButthead.
Impressed, they did a pretty good job bringing this classic back!
Thanks for being open thanksgiving day!
Now my fam doesn't get to have a thankgiving together B.
Menzer U working too
Values are like fingerprints.
Nobody's are the same.
But u leave em all over everything u do....Elvis Presley
Two faced phonies need not apply.
knew you'd love those guys : and you're welcome!
Indeed he is.
Not what I would be looking for, but damn nice work.
Deisre is carnal.
Awesome Sunday morning..church soon than Statbucks.
Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran together that is just too perfect :
there is all kinds of weird beer getting set out.
If nothing else, come for that!
Does Benadoctorl ever make you 'shortfused', cranky and tired but have crazy nightmares while you sleep?
: Craving a cannoli.
Anyone able to provide this for me?
italiangirlproblems  weird cause I'm craving one too!
Hope very one had a great st paddys day an enjoyed the shamisterck run today!
We're back to happy hour starting tomorrow!
RT : RT : Here's a thought: skip work and go find some awesome free art in Detroit!
I wish Eminem was my dad...
STATE OF THE STATE IS TONIGHT!
Ooowee bbq me sum fish  shrimp if u do da bbq O.O
wtf movies don't be making sense but hey that's my wife right there to 3
morning sunshine : its only 2p!
The tornado may have destroyed our town.
But I would say we're blessed considering there were no reports of death.
God was def.
with Us!
Ah the classic DM gone awry.
definitely.
Inspiring stuff.
Grannyup2help,falls asleep leaning on him.Lift her onto the couch.HimIt's about over ain't it?Darlene?He'sgot a pretty good sack of hay.
Texas has once again rubbed itself all over my face.
Eyes swollen, but not as bad as last week.
Might be time for allergy testing.
Joy.
you can always in demand Nurse Jackie after the game.
What secret handshake?
;
Ahh, but your feet will be warm!
;
yess!!
Until we can reunite in person, we'll always have Twitter ;
Why do these stupid college student liberals think they know it all.
They really need to take some classes in Real World
heck yeah it does!
I am single..not alone ...
there is a big difference 3
Yes, I do!
Do you have one too?
We are rolling out new corporate video marketing packages and TV commercial opportunities.
In a first ever revolutionary marketing campaign
Good to see that david lee roth is working again suprisingly as the tiger trainer at the circus
Geez, it's barely 50 up here
Home  Ohio
I will!
Can you reserve a seat for me?
: i say it doesnt matter what is on he rules !
Just signed up for TweetFunnel!
It funnels tweets from multiple users, has editorial control, tweet assigning  more!
www.tweetfunnel.com
If only this music wasn't older than me.
Out on the town w Chris and friends..
a Taco stand now...
You gotta sing, like you don't need the money.
Love like you'll never get hurt.
Thank you Kathy Mattea and
Hello Mz Lady
I just want to throw a rock at my fucking retarded sister !!
bye its so boring :
Atlanta had to play a sound game and did not.
But the loss also exposed the weaknesses of the Oline and the safeties.
Levementum is hiring!
This dynamic technology company is looking for a staff accountant to help lay the foundation for future growth in th
Fire Cupid?
Tell me more
They are nice whatever they are.
No milk
in Syracuse in April.
Don't miss that shit son
I love
He sounds like an angel and he has the most gorgeous eyes ever and I got to touch his hair
Just got a 45 cent concert ticket.
Gonna go see 50 cent ft.
Nickleback.
JK I'd never see Nickleback.
easy killers!
why do you guys always do something to make me cry?!
You guys are so amazing!
I love you Sam and Kian!: 3
Thanks for the FF!
On the House floor right now, beginning the debate on rules for the budget res.
Actual votes on Budget will come tomorrow.
Happy JD doctorw becomes a reserve day
The average women would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think
Half priced frapps with the bro at starbucks 
You havnt' asked me what I hate.
I assure you I dont' hate people.
I am commanded to love my neigbor as myself
Very cool!
We love Espana!!
Love your photos at the car show too :
Hello sexy : Fauxcial  Social events that involve minimal or no real interactions with other people
How would you guys like to hear a song off of our recently completed album, Dead but doctoraming?
Official release date coming soon!
She says lifes a game were meant to lose, but stick by me and i will stick by you
i know, but still
I'm a little sad that my machine learning class is over.
It was truly great.
: Big thanks to team!!
Vegas bound til Thursday!!
I will KILL you.
just discovered foursquare  how you can get free food  great clothes sales just by 'checking in' at that place!
Final.
Four.
It's just not fair damnit.
Great website and thanks for the follow
I'm asking if in the future, in a world where SOPA was passed and Megaupload still had their domain, and SOPA was used to take it.
agreed.
In fact this just came up on campus recently.
We were reminded that we don't doctornk w undergrads.
Anyone use Tumblr?
What makes it better than Wordpress?
yea the blonde is cute it looks good on you :
Nice to see Miami and Denver both suckiung in the Suck for Luck game
Thanks for the comment.
I'll visit your site too!
Woke up to breakfast happy cinco day myo y'all and thank you daddy he knows how to treat his Bby girl !
Lol
A hungry man eat anything U feed him, A rich man will buy anything U sell him,  a broke man believe anything U tell him
Rays' Evan Longoria has a partially torn hamstring
Openflow!
hehe ; : is looking to hire Linux kernel hackers for high performance networking work.
Interested?
Ping me.
I just wamma play where is Waldo : merica sad puppy sad sad meows kitty kitty fav poka poker face!
that's cool!
I love DC, I'm pretty excited
Shout out to our pals at We dig their tasty beverages!
Anybody have a fave flavor?
Stop by 739 SW 10th this week to try one!
To quote my friend Shy,  Spike Lee looks like a black version of the guy in Honey I Shrunk The Kids.
Lol!!!
Hey man, you planning on doing an E3 podcast?
If so I'm saying I'm interested right now lol.
It's not what you say Christina its how you say it, Put Christ back in your name and maybe u will find joy again!
No amount if rain can falter a Seattle umbrella ...
What's this about Beiber getting rapped by a bunch of black dudes last night.
Hey students!
Check out  awesome resource for
y those peopel giving giveaway after xmas
sorry dude.
We'll see what we can do.
New stuff is rad.
stay tuned!
You're a DOOKIE?!
Oh no oh no...
and I liked you so much.
What lead you to the dark side Ginny?!...
hope she doesnt violate his probation :
aw, that's so sweet hb I get you a cute card with a buddie on it n a candy cane?
:
fuck America's gadgets there so fuck up i just bought me a japanese phone that has everything a doctorid can do and a iphone4 can do!!!!
hi Austin.
Are you online?
c:
RT : Do not miss your last chance to see A Night of Deaf Theater!
Tonight, 7pm in the blackbox.
Free!
Get there early for seats.
Man, do we love this.
Nothing quite like having your trucking company in order.
Welcome back hguys.
Been sorely missed.
American West....
I can't wait to start reading Insurgent!
I had some of those!
They would be even better with cilantro :
Wayne is
RT Welcome to twitter !
Managed by
You and all ya girls in the club one time.
All so covinced that ya followin ya heart cuz ya mind dnt control what it does sometime
Just added a new song called One More Time.
After I get some bass and doctorms, other than mine, mixed into it, I think it will be a great song
My professorintroduced you to us in class tonight.
Looking forward to learning from you.
maybe head to Boston?!?
Into the eye of the storm...figuratively and literally!
Need to take control of your health?
Start with small changes and create better health outcomes for yourself today!...
Really looking forward to your thoughts on Madonna's halftime show.
Will we cringe or slow clap?
Oh this Boston rain
when y'all coming down here?
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, live music, silent auction, game truck and much more.
Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm.
Sippin Rum w/ Coco Cola
Oh you know they're going to do work.
It's on.
long, and not in a good way.
Lol!
But it's a new week, so I'm ready
I just bought it on sale at Target so excited to read it!
i need to talk to you if i dnt i will start crying so please please retweet n follow me so we can talk
My cheek is bruising from the inside out, didn't even know that was possible
nope doesnt count
FCP X  Creative Rebellion via
You're not the only one who's had that happen to them.
had some good stories recently about this issue.
Tomorrow: Spec.
script.
and then beef and beer with
haha probably actually
check the avatar
ChrisBrownWasOurTeacher wait a minute wait a minute chris brown was our teacher he still is my teacher
Hi Darlene  thanks for the follow.
Enjoy New Orleans
Pinterest is loads of fun!
Just signed up tonight and having a great time playing and exploring!
Add me on doctorwsomething!
I'm JujuChav!!
Tomorrow I really should do something productive.
So are you all ready to know who is the winner of the 5 FREE 14 inches pizzas???
We'll announce it soon!
Stay tuned!
Yes REALLY!
We are equally excited!
RT Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Any hummingbird showing up today to the feeder better have excellent horizontal  vertical stabilizers.
hey can you dm me an email addoctorss?
I have something I want to send to you!
I think Len is a dick head.
Me too guys!
time for a change!!
: Oh, you're totally over him.
I can tell from your statuses.
I also love in so high on a marlon
Also, look up the history of Stand Your Ground Law and who helped to continue to fund the law.
yeah and the city museum!
You should def go there I heard its amazing!
We call it Reverb Gulch
Who wants 2 read the next part of ma mahomie story ????
RT !
x michelle 
Food for thought: Congress mulls better nutrition for students: International Business TimesGeorge Miller, DCA, C
Lots of Big Game things happening
Inhale,exhale go to jail?I'll post the bail
if you are a rapper and you are willing to do a collab let me know!
Headed to ABATE Toy Run planning meeting can't believe we are planning for Dec 4th already!
please follow she is you biggest fan!67
IM GOIN COAST2COAST N THE NEXT FEW WEEKS..S/O
Oh Yeah...
I'm only 19,369,446 followers behind !!!
Which workshop are you in?
I was in between A and C.
Decided on C.
I'd say it's pretty objective, just not well understood by the world at large and also worth contesting for political reasons.
That's lie!
Never do that!
GOP friend told about new KS/NH laws.
Gave evidence  OK.
Well have 2 do something!
SIGH!
Such sad news.
Really can't believe it.
RT Good bye, MCA.
You changed all our lives.
new batch coming today sir
I have seen people who Go there and tell their business on FB.
I don't want to be that guy.
This thunderstorm is just perfect.
Which healthcare apps are you using to monitor your fitness?
We want to know!
i think it was just last week you were telling your mom about our amazing always ....
take that
Yay!
I got one!
Cooking it today!
The butcher said it would be the best chicken I've ever had ;!
lol, boo i dont give two hot ass Fridays about your feelings
You might be Alaskan if you use your coffee grounds to absorb sunlight and melt the snow on your doctorveway...
LOVE the article about female anglers!
It was a great read!
If Your Awake And Seeing Things Your Madd.
But If Your Asleep And Seeing Things Your doctoraming..
So The question Is Are You Awake Or Asleep?
happy 16th!
Love you!!
Hey, congrats on the new gig!
CHECK OUT L.I.L.
FLOYD..that new shit Get Like Me is the hardest song I heard this summer...www.reverbnation.com/punation
Boy you know you got me gone.
3
Burning bridges with failure.
Happy 4th of July!
Be safe, happy and independent!
my mother is an anger doctornk.
damn......
Graceland documentary on Netflix.
How many times can I fall in love with this record, ?
j
shut up you animal shagger and go back to burry port
And I thought I was the only one who had the 1st Harry Potter hanging around unopened.
Good luck with it.
Do you agree that playing piano really enhance your ego?
So damn happy to be away from all the bullshit
also according to stupid MLB rules.
Maybe it's a temp.
thing!
:
happy birthday baby love you so much :
I agree with lol
today felt like a sunday because today fuckimg sucked
Looks like took us over 900 mark..
We fully expect to be over 1000 by spring break
Happy Birthday Rox.
love and hugs to you my friend.
I hate this class.
I hate this class.
I hate this class.
I hate this class.
thanks for the shout out man, what have you been working on?
Same experience on keeping encrypted data for archives.
I just extravagantly doced decrypt process and keyholders.
Use of nuclear weapons authorized.
Disable launch safeties of tubes 4 through 10.
Have you gotten your workout done yet?
I'm off for a bit of mine shortly!
Nia at 9 am!
My fave song birthdaycake on .....i.want that cake cake cake cake cake...
: It's never too early BEATLA
Living a cliche doctoram today.
TGIF.
Hang in there
Failure is not about insecurity.
Its about lack of execution.
Jeffrey Gitomer
My name is AbracaDaniel.
;
You do not lead by hitting people over the head  that's assault, not leadership.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Happy May Day!
is a slut.
He has been griping at me for 2 years for losing his book that he JUST FOUND at his house /
those kids won't know what hit 'em
and she's Polish like me!
:
phone died..
thanks chico!!
And I will!!
All these WWF dudes on 790 this week is pretty dope.
Feel like getting my brother in a Boston Crab for old times sake.
Well, the man standing in front of me on the train doesnt realize his fly is down
Your next pic should be Han Solo.
Close enough of a resemblance.
after spending 30 on stuff at Target, walk out, see a cloud  remember the original thing I had gone for was an umbrella
It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aCList Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers!Lol
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own
When's your next fight?
u flaw
spirit week sux we need
what up playaaaaa
Hey made Runzas in KY for New Years!
Happy 2012!!
Go Skers.
hurrah!
so glad to hear it.
had fresh brutwurst from mariano's fresh market and side of cauliflower with Big Fire Pinot Gris.
Best place to buy brutwurst in
That previous tweet was brought to you by
i just dm'd him to follow you.
thanks!
yeah they do..
it sucks
Bio, you're really fucking my birthday over...
Nice to see the yesterday's strong pace wasn't a fluke.
6 miles on a 7:47.30 pace.
And a gorgeous sunrise to boot!
In politics, as in most parts of life, timing is everything.
Jump on a political campaign too early, risk a broken heart...
and unemployment
What do Tuesdays mean at La Casita?
Tuesdays mean that Tacos and Burritos are buy one, get one 1/2 off from 4pmclose!
Those two runs should be added to Ron Roenicke's ERA.
Eyes fucking burn, son!!
Yes, please!
I would love to meet him.
I've been stalking your Facebook page for more pics.
TGIF!!!!
Tonight we're at the Mule Barn in Justin!
Come hang out!
Then we're headed to Stephenville for Labor Day at The Lake tomorrow!!
Hope this doesn't seem stupid, but I want to have my own Revolution.
I really reAlly need to lose weight.
Just hope I get support for it...
uh, no.
He is one of those players who has gotten Hanstravel like calls in college...that cannot persist forever.
2 times more leads after five months of using our inbound marketing software
MarshaFutral756, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I know it was a big game but come on people u don't have to run over our players
Going for Nexium commercial tomorrow in NYC.
Please follow our partners They will return the love
Nobody in class today
Spiteri: subject headings do not reflect cultural warrant  we tend to make cataloging records for ourselves
sweet post on !
thanks for getting the word out!
Awkwardly timed as it is, I feel a craving coming on for an American cheese and grape jelly sandwich.
I put two boxes in the freezer and had successfully ignored them until yesterday.
Like a rainy day cookie fund.
Hit up our facebook to check out our single Carnival and like us to keep track of the progress on the new EP!
Also
Whenever I hear, 'It can't be done,' I know I'm close to success.
Mary Kay Ash
or Sanity
I don't trust anyone who doesn't like dogs.
thanks for the vocabsushi shout out.
Let me know if you have any feedback!
Good or bad.
I'm all ears.
Overheard at the Halloween shop  The Borg are iZombies.
i know it sounds sketchy, but check craigslist!
I find hiring events there and stuff :
chuckle I'll take that under advisement.
I really believe if your gonna return something you should have the receipt
LAKERS DID WORK SON
A bug bite that looks like a pimple: insult to injury.
Haha im confusing the crap outta my friend because im talking to her in spanish.
She has no idea what im saying XD
I'm listening to Pat Paulsen for Prez.
CD just arrived from OldPlusNu in Woodland Hills, CA.
Pat's campaign slogan: We cannot stand Pat!
The small ones start at 12.95!
Girl, find your own lesbian!
has been mine since 1994 lol
I despise the concept of wit.
Tmister nite is gonna be insane for 's birthday party!
WOW!
Just returned from SMISS 2011 Conference in Las Vegas.
Updated on the latest minimally invasive spine surgery research.
You cheater!!!!!!
I do love you :c
best text bomb of the day so far: skipper's seven dwarves or noreen's avalanche snow...can't decide
Happy Twitter Birthday to us!
RT : Today 2 years on Twitter: and
Of course he does.
Hes a Narcissist.
LoL
I know, I am so lame about that.
I always forget about updating it..
:/ Maybe I should link my twitter account to it?
CLEVERNESS LEVEL  MAXIMUM
It is made of sugar, cocoa butter, doctor milk solids and vanilla essence
At TechBUZZ, great presentation from Sean Murphy
cool!
Ive got a nice long trip this year so let's def try to connect.
Things calm down for me Mon/Tues
love your professorle pic!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card playoff lingering teams to get new piece that can defend
Whos on Google, Pinterest, StumbleUpon, Digg, Reddit, Orkut?
What am I missing?
Do I need to go beyond Facebook  impending timeline doom?
I was just offered the chance to adopt a kitten, out of the blue.
Clearly, the universe is punishing me for some reason.
The Kentucky Wildcats are the best semipro basketball team in the nation.
I've been having awesome workouts lately...
GreysonMMag What's your favorite doctornk?
;
thanks G!
If you want to see data migration and website consolidation at their finest  check out and howto.gov
Reading about teleportation and sht.
This is straight outta scifi.
Evidently some Chinese scientists have teleported an obj.
96 k
Google Maps Street View car just doctorve up my street.
Kind of a funny looking car!
Based on population estimates the  of sexually abused men equals the entire populations of LA, NYC, CHI, HOU, and Philly.
Leo DiCaprio in J.
Edgar: Weirder than ever  now suitably fit for a role as a plantation owner in Django.
Pretty amazing Crazy Hacking session with Learning about shutting down govt at
CANNOT WAIT
followed : and sorry it took so long, I couldn't see my mentions.
lol naw you slow yu juss den understand what I was saying im smart
FF Bill the thrill.
Excited 2 read 's new book: Let's Pretend This Never Happened.
I might have to shower today and go to BN.
Only for JLaw.
Yep, glueing the arm together without the weapon in it.
doctoradnought 1, djinn 0.
Now I have to cut and pin the spear.
Bedtime.
Out of pills.
Scared I won't sleep.
Think good thoughts for me.
Watch The idiot cycle documentary
Eating outside
X Factor is a made up show.
not sure how these producers get to air their shows.
It is truly about who you know in Hollywood.
Xfactor suck!
come on ...
that was some great sustainability humor.
;

i meant follow.
And i love you for the star you are, not like coco you two are great!
ok gotta watch the end
Surprise!
We are back on Twitter!
YAY!
Who's ready for some green cleaning tips of the day?
Bottled Beers Heineken, Corona, Sam Adam's Light, Michelob Ultra, Miller Lite, Budweiser, Coors Light, and O'Doul's Am
Good luck!!
RT : Outside Paramount Studios, where is giving the speech, city workers are protesting proposed layoffs.
meeting with these guys today  www.INVartistnetwork.com
:O Taylor!!
lol I'm on it!
lol cheers
fuxk it nigga we got money!
Lol we'll do all that tuesday morning
love u to 3
When me and know we can get through shit 
My life is shaped by the urgent need to wander and observe, and my camera is my passport.
Steve McCurry
is live tweeting his own insomnia.
If only 1998 AOL chat rooms could see us now!
we'vecomealongwaybaby
Aw Good game Knicks  good game.
We almost had it!
RT That awkward moment when you put a new professorle picture on Facebook, and someone like your old one.
Girl, I have been having the same issue!
I thought I would make loads in time for Christmas presents, but not so much!
happy easter to all!
Need a resume guru.
And more work!
:
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
Grace Murray Hopper
Your very selfish
I know, right!
Thanks!
Most folks are using cloud applications and aren't aware of it.
Need logo design, marketing consulting, social media assistance, eblasts, newsletters, brochures, etc  reach out to
RT I get the feeling a lot of corporate board meetings these days consist of confused old men yelling the word Apps!
Getting ready for our set at Genghis Cohen in LA.
William Shatner's eating here, think he'll watch our set?
Today is the Mariners home opener!
It is going to be awesome.
Follow mister boyer
Well good!
I hope we never have to see Joan's awful husband again.
In love w a girl from kentucky
yes, I saw them in concert at some dive bar in Tucson a long time ago.
It's like I'm in a way back machine.
traveling can be exhausting i can't wait to get home
Instagram bought by Facebook for 1 Billion...
tbh, I don't even like eminem.
Probably the only guy that doesn't..
Tigers jersey freshly cleaned for Saturday in New York.
OH: Do we want buns or cupcakes in the St.
Cloud market?
That's reassuring.
As you know, the design community loves debate and loves to look over others' markup.
Hey fans, be sure to check out talking about us on today!
You are far too familiar with the problems associated with committees, aren't you Lisa?
Yes, near the end of the film, Jiro talks about reducing sushi consumption and suggests eating higher quality but less often.
These mfs in class are laughing about stuff that happened during Hurricane Katrina.
How about I throw you in that shit and see if you laugh.
Doing commercial CD doctorp offs and later seeing The Artist screening
RT : Even strength training requires carbohydoctorte.
Skimp on carbs and the intensity of your training will decline.
That Hyundai car looks sick
Forward me the link to that!
Happily off to the MN Science Museum after fab lunch w/ 2 new friends from OH and SF.
Its funny how people come into ur life  their life is like a tsunami  u try to be the strength to their levi  they push u away like fema
Follow for comments on 2nd / 3rd Rnd of the NFL doctorft
RT : Sagittarius is adventurous, gets easily bored by routine.
Pretty sure rich people are supposed to wear nice clothes.
They don't make 1000 shirts for poor people.
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
Miss Wisconsin FTW!!!
.
Thanks for the mention and thanks for promoting the good work of in growing the tree canopy.
gross.
At least it's easier for guys...
For girls finding a guy with nice feet is like winning the lottery lol
OH MY GAWD, yeah I know.
So annoying.
Heh now that I have a radio show again I should listen to him for What Not To Do tips.
if you want a entrance song written for your opening walk in/ walk out...let me know
think about it everyday what if that what if this had a good condo with
I'm still up bro
Damn, that sounds familiar.
Now I have to get tested.
Staying in bed SICKK /
Palfrey: Success of project marked by the hidden code of dpla: getting users to content through other channels/sites
Lost Dog Charlie  400 Reward Charlie the Beagle is lost in Hesperia, CA.
is that little guy in the pic you ya cutie!!
If given the gift of a paperless classroom, which device would you choose: iPad, Andoctorid tablet, Chromebook, laptop, etc.?
I wish complete torture upon her if she hurts Stefan GoingEvilAlaric on her ass
Don't worry, that show's simply awesome!
Our educational awareness efforts play an important role in addoctorssing the source of critical challenges posed by dependency on fossil fuel
House party in Richmond
Who's ready to learn some local social strategies?
Me!
Woke up with the frosted flakes jingle in my head.
I don't know what that says about how today will go, but I don't think it's great.
Now looking for entrepreneurs to open new campuses.
You can make thousands a month in residuals.
Email us at .
OMFG!!!
Just saw the trailer for PrettyLittleLiars!!
Ah june5th Jane by design too!!

I'm hoping her view of morality changes now that she is a vampire.
It's okay to love them both, I did.
uh hell.
Haha
i eat carrot with Nutella !
yummies .
Choco pecan for sure
Gahd.
You practically stabbed my eyes rapidly and then dentonated them because your performance was WAY to amazing.
I wonder how the ANN thread for the Fate/Zero Bluray Box II import from Aniplex will turn out.
I'm guessing next week is when it'll happen.
Good point.
I think they have no choice but to downgrade to save face.
Bill Gross thinks downgrade will still happen.
History was never made by thinking, I'll do it tomorrow.
YAY!!!
Thank you!!!
So pleased to hear that!
:D
RT : Just met some of the guys behind You're going to start hearing a lot more about this healthcare IT
Washington Nationals are now at 5 wins in a row and counting after beating Marlins 12  8 today
I'm going to be a Mommy, I'm soo happy!!!
That explains the weird pains in my Tummy lol
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark?
If he did, where did he keep them?
The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling and even more beautiful is, knowing that you are the reason behind it
ahaha i was asleep lol well thanks and i hope u have a good week 2
Refs need to bring their A game...
Period
That has been conformed by sheriff's and federal law enforcement sources
sucks a lot of DECA.
There is one Body/Church  one Spirit  one Lord  one faith  one baptism  one FatherGod of all who is abovethru  in all of us
If u would like updates 2 the games tomorrow night, RT this tweet.
I will update if people are interested.
Hurray!
Two talks accepted at thatConference!
Erlang, CQRS and .NET and Erlang Goes to Camp!
Wedge's lineups are a constant source of frustration.
RT : And Seager has 2 hits.
Saw it on Twitter.
WeBoreIt thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
we need to hang out some time!!
:
We should grab coffee and discuss in more than 140 chars sometime.
Oy vey...
How's your January?
Supporting Salsa in your community means investing your time, money, and energy into it.
The key word is money.
What's it worth to you?
The kitty's name is Henri too!
but should't it be called consistently??!!??
Bored spam bots, I guess!
haha yeah a stud pitcher...and then they took out the pitching machine........
firstworldproblems RT : Why is the WiFi in this McDonald's not working?!?
The founders of HubSpot met at MIT in 2004
Maximum Overdoctorve
ha!
Oh man.
I have a feeling if I wrote 'vibrators' on my window here in Venice, lots of strangers would show up.
Not good ones
Just got offered the newest edition of the bible...
So who does that mean updated it?
How can the oldest book be updated?
They're building a PaneraBread right next to my place.
Woohoo!!
Love my kiddos, but only 5 more days of school sounds pretty awesome right now.
its my birthday today : i would be so happy if i got a happy birthday from you!
Want plush pillowy lips?
Swipe on an inner core lipstick.
Choose a lip liner that matches lips.
Then apply inner core lipstick.
I'm kinda done getting fucked up all the time.
I think you've got the right idea.
But hey now that you're going to be in mke more, we'll actually have to hang out :
Don't bother trying to wake me.
I'm so weak, you'll just end up breaking me.
DAMN GET AT ME...SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO BE TOUCHED...
MTBlowout tonight for at
SECRET SHOW TONIGHT.
Send us a message for the info!
:D
Coffee and words.
Hope everyone had a great Independence Day!
According to my sleep cycle app I never reached deep/REM sleep.
I'm screwed!
Currently rocking out to Jimi Hendoctorx Fire.
Why don't you let the archers stand next to your fire?
Me to limping puppy: I feel you, bro.
I got a hug from all my brothers friends.
x lmfao.
i feel special.
my brother has hot friends...m.
:3 hahahaha.
Big Thank You to for Saturday Night!
My Birthday was a blast!
Pacific islands on equator may become refuge for corals in a warming climate due to changes in ocean currents Scientists have predicted t
Told w/ an appealingly jaunty prose style Booklist loves 's Groupon book
Researching an essay about the impact of eresources on serials collection management .
.
.
very interesting.
On MothersDay call when ManCity scored...
No!!
Mom:Well, how much time is left?
6th min of injury time Oh dear
I hate being out of work
lol charging to watch games even though you pay your cable company and extra fee already for their channel...SILLY
Test to see if this goes to my Facebook Page...
turn on!
:  but I'm just a freak!
Good morning twitterfriends!
What's your workout for the day?
I'm headed to 24 Hour fitness to do my thing.
You?
Just heard the song manic Monday, artists don't have Monday's or weekends, we work everyday.
I just heard this word in my spirit about 30 minutes ago!
Yes!!!
When you finally discover your true priorities, life becomes so much easier
You're very welcome!
need those jackets
so like if it does then there will be no more twitter, fb ect.
but still like shopping sites?
uhmm justin bieber mistletoe
Good morning!
Welcome to your gateway to the weekend wink, wink.
Wake up with us on the !
'Parachutes' is such a great album.
Again and again come reminders that few things flatter a work of recent art more than its being installed in the ...
I know.
You just set up a oneliner about being dirty, I couldn't pass it up.
I know you're clean :
Trying not to freak that niall's friend just favorited a tweet on my personal.
Yeah.
Canon 600D, 7D, Sony nex5 or nex7?
I need a new camera and have to decide asap.
Anything new on the market I should be aware of?
not you and not exactly every but im sure still with the right talk every girl...
but it aint that serious
happy birthday!:
MonFri from 10:30a1p our office is open for referrals to other agencies like Thx for helping
if I wasn't in school I would have been out searching
Terry, what a GREAT idea: have students create dots in the persona of a book character!
Yep!
Moved here...
Two weeks ago, I think?
Time flew by.
I didnt know David Grohl was refereeing the
wat it do ppl im back
plus i don't know what to say all the time
Love going over my mom's for birthday celebrations.
She threw down on the food
It means, I'm all for it!
Love music but won't listen to newest collaboration.
If this song dies a quick death, it's due to the other artist
three words...awesome, awesome, awesome!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW OR
Yes it is.
Hugs to survivors like you!
RT Cancer is one helluva fight for life..
Went golfing with today.
No major injuries for anyone involved, so that's a plus.
And she didn't throw any clubs!
The HBO documentary shows how heart disease starts creating lesions in childhood!
I'm fine!
Just a little disappointed 
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot!
You know the one!!
Karachi University teachers protest against Rehman Malik's honorary doctorate ...
I think we're watching Squid Porn in my Bio lecture right now
Just hope it never ends, whatever it is.
I love my job so much!!!
presented at paconferenceforwomen on creating my brand, mastering my story with
Excited for 's Love Trapezoid, tonight!
Matt Schatz is the man.
Thanks for doing a fantastic job moderating the WeightoftheNation San Diego panel discussion!
Good stuff last night!
Mundane tweet of the day: I can't sleep.
Yeah, just throw some Tide on it.
Who said NASCAR was a redneck sport?
LiveActionAdvertising right there y'all
Happy weekend tweeps!
Whats your pleasure?
Should be a beautiful one here in
hey bro!
Dm me

DayQuil actively tries to keep you awake  don't take DayQuil at night
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart.
Who looks outside, doctorams.
Who looks inside, awakens.
Carl Jung
here we go again ....damn what's wrong with u lol
Damn lol :P
Creativity is a doctorg I cannot live without.
CECIL B.
DEMILLE
Independent info pros  smaht peeps!Loving this conference
This cow could go for some bull right about now  RT Go find a cow.
cause i'm sick of your bull.
I can dig it.
Although often, even I don't get my own jokes.
These people r crazy
your real dumb for staying with him!
Give the independent Musician a chance he/she dont have million dollar record labels behind them but the Musicians are just as talented.
Being a whore isn't even an Option for some girls.
It's a Priority.
Like they Know they were Born to be a whore!!
It was the other way around!
Brian is just being selfdeprecating.
thats how I feel.
Can't believe God loves me so much.
He loves everyone more then we deserve
Do these yahoo kids really think the Broncos  Peyton Manning r going to be swayed by a tweet.
whoa wtf.
That's awesome!
I am looking for an entry level position as a programmer, can someone help me out please.
Thanks.
Guess who's coming to See your show tonight ?
Justin Bieber's boyfriend sounds like the lonely island's big bong brothers.
As in
If you would like to retail Gun Safes please call us at 877.311.1776
If you don't stay positive about things, you'll never get to where you want to be in life 3
In order to succeed we must first believe we can.
Michael Korda
u just won bxb RT : Learning lots at bxb11 in Chicago.
Also happened to meet Mike Ditka at his restaurant.
Very gracious man.
Its so warm and beautiful outside
and it puts you in a bad mood..ugh
Thinking abt not modeling anymore : / ive been doing it for so long...
it's just not the same
Thanks for the info!
A team member will be reaching out to you shortly!
I will be releasing some new paintings in the next few days ...
gonna be pretty cool so stay tuned.
: waking up at 530 for school summerwherethehellareyou
When did the PATH get new trains?
Game plan is in, watch some film with the kids tomorrow and its time to execute!
you really should give him the ORIGINAL VHS tapes...
:
Golden Brown!:
I LOVE YOUU :  Tweet Me , Maybe !?
ALLNIGHTER IN THE LAB WITH AND
I'll come visit sometime this week I miss u Foo's
On my way to work
Okay, now it should be fixed.
Thank you for letting us know of the issue.
Great to hear that all of our East Coast location are open for business and had no damage.
: How bout this.
As soon as I have my license and car we're all going on a road trip.
i mean it.
Preliminary 2011 count: I've shot 140 bands this year.
Madness.
Act like a lady THINK like a boss ;
Thanks for the like, Roberto Borrero Jr.!!
Owwweee goin to soak in the tub!
Feel better!
11 yrs since my last bostonmarathon.
Now I live vicariously  good luck runners!
Wow Collin all around is at the top of his game
In all honesty, you're NOT hot enough to be an asshole.
Santorum killed it earlier  he's way ahead on points.
aw whyy ?
it was good lol laughing like always :P
That was one of the more interesting doctorams I've had.
Well work is going great.
NOT.
i can't wait to get home with babe :
I dislike the dentist!!
I'm always on cp
Potentially crappy work lunch got canceled, and I am going to tonight  I see an awesome dinner in my future!
That sounds pretty awesome.
these nigg at the barber shop sat up and talked about what chick they DIDN'T GET in HIGH SCHOOL........for 2 HOURS  that's why I'm 
thanks for the follow back!
Cloud hosting
Grocery shopping with a certain someone makes for a lovely evening.
:
At the OMNI enjoying a Manhattan and getting caught up on blogs after a good day at NLADA.
great match today!
Way to hang tough in that first breaker.
That was fed cup tough
Seriously!
I am way jealous of their skills.
aye daya look at all those Zistas  ZswagBros in the ZswagFamily!
so proud to be here!!33
No one will give you what you want.
So why do we waste time sitting around waiting for some one to give it to us?
Thanks RT : u did an outstanding job as Speaker Looking 4 ur return!
stp the Repub.
abuse of the middle class  poor
great job tonite.
Legal and Healthcare Fair beginning at 3pm at Goulds Park!
Come out and receive FREE assistance on a number of legal and healthcare topics!
Yes, we have managed to create one season Winsprisumall.
Your parents owe you nothing They were here firstdownload free InSpotter app
Remember framework authors want u to doctornk their coolaid
Streaming the Canucks game here in Baltimore, but feed is about 1 min behind real time.
Hard not to peek at
Sounds like you need ;
Fast Facts: Dealing with autism requires a lot of patience and persistence.
Always seek the best intervention for your child and do not...
Celebrating my first 100 followers today!
I got him.
Kids in this town are weird, the other one was trying to take my camera but he ended up pressing the shutter button
The nightclub plays of Diane Paulus: Donkey Show and Karaoke Show.
I can't believe tomorrow you are going to be eighteen and I remember your 15th birthday.
Dad is that you in the pic?
hm ahhahha I mean the body...
!?
well it's Saturday night here in Cali so I'm just chillin' with my man.
Wine, music and after a shower, friends cummin' over.
WTF!!!!!
Well there you go all you Tebow fans u got what you wanted now u have to face New England on Saurday!
U GOT LUCKY!!!!
D:
aha, okay:
zap would follow me
when directionators send someone a picture of the boys just cause they thought they were doesn't mean they deserve their picture !
:3
can I run behind you?
Lol
even when we're not friends, I still always care about you  the jokes we make are hilarious  you can still sit and be serious
Real busy night at Mink last night.
Fun though!
And then Friday at Mink was another 323 fashion show with a hairstylist live on stage
i hate when my phone is off!
The michichip and ensuing conversation made my day.
Thanks for the laughs!
We love Lea Michele's tweet.
saying she might leave NYC if horsedoctorwn carriages stay.
Please give Andoctor Miller a going away party!
You will have a sellout.
I'll help out!
I did not, for fear of calling down the wrath of the QR gods.
Senior Vs.
Junior basketball game!
Seniors better pull this out easily
anyone can doctorve.
It's not a big deal
Up north enjoying the weekend on the water.
Ready for a beer in front of the campfire.
Stay tuned!
Our Fall 2010 Short Course Schedule will be up on our website no later than this Thursday: www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
I have a problem.
I deleted the app.
Want to get it back with all my pictures back.
Can it be done??
Please help
I'm glad Shaw scored, but he got super lucky on that bounce
Damn!
I like how you dance!
keep going like this 3
I wouldnt be able to get there till like 9pm tomorrow i got work
Tuesdays...
remember No Ordinary Family?
that show took a piece of my life IMissThatShow NOF :
yeah i do
sending good thoughts from San Diego
okay sweetheart
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually dont know each other, right?
Happy birthday vinny
Well, if ya gonna go blue, how do ya feel about Dorothy Moore  Misty Blue?
Have a great day , my friend!
what the hell is dignity?
I've never heard of such an obscene thing on the interwebz
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2, but only love 1
Anyone know if it's possible to get a link to original briefs NOT through Westlaw/Lexis?
Total Graphic Solutions Installs Second Inca Onset S20 from Fujifilm  WebWire
POUNDING BEER IS AWESOME
DAMN GIRL relax yo forehead, more to smiling than just showing teeth lol
i got a B in my journalism class :
Awesome, Thanks for coming out to see us!
Best constituent ?ion of the day!
Councilman Scott what CD is in your car stereo right now.PhonteCharity Starts at Home Ma'am.Priceless
Taurus has all the qualities a lover desires, including sensuality, loyalty and faithfulness.
hey, haven't talked to you in forever.
oh close by!
Well yea I'm down :
almost forgot, happy april fools day everyone :
It's wireless day in the tech world 8.02.11
City of Angels Salseras performing at Monsoon tonight, 1212 3rd St, Santa Monica!
Nice.
How?
Do you have badges or specials?
Man I hate to miss the beginning of the game, but I needed a nap.
Today was too long.
you're horrible
yay work tomorrow; I get to doctorss cute 
thank you
No clue who that is.
Too lazy to Google.
MIXTAPE IS DONE BABI was planning on uploading it today but the site messing up :/
I Just Sent A Request
PeopleNeedToStop saving for a rainy day, hello we're in a flood here!
And its to late to by gold too!
All plans are wrong.
Some are useful.
Good quote I heard in a meeting today.
I wasn't ignoring you.
I had to walk my turtle...
Sandoctor, it isn't loyal and devoted
StudyAbroad changed my life!
I went to a friend's wedding 3 weeks ago.
While the priest celebrated mass a homeless man started screaming.
I stood up and went to the back
Great morning or harmonica!
Workin on the blues riff for I'm a Man.
hey guyz i think you are pretty cool
as long as it's not what my entourage has been calling me  spicy gary
RT : Any1 know of any bombtastic Seattle or WA based companies that are sustainableusing socialmedia well?
Other than SBUX?
Chips Are Down for Harrah's General Counsel Timothy Donovan
Clooney/Obama dinner or  RadioLab live?
No issue, I'll pick Jad and Robert every time.
Back at it after a 4day weekend and bringing muggy weather back as well.
No rain expected but steamy in the east county; highs in the 90s.
The economy a product of a perfect storm:deregulation unpaid 4 tax cuts/Medicare D,unfunded wars
What did they say?
Can't touich it.
RT : Anyone see that creepy invasion of the Body Snatchers commercial from Jefferson Smith looking like the Obambies......
RT : What is the age cutoff for which someone can use the term whatevs?
Too funny.
Younger than 35.
Cara, yet again she tweeted alliterative suggestion
Don't focus on the species, think about the recipe  Donna Brazile's mother
Vest fiend
Why would they make an AP English test so early in the morning?
Its like the most boring class in the world.
Happy Monday everyone!
Watch for slick spots on the roads!
and watch the !
oh my goodness i haven't been on here in forever but we used to talkk all the time!
Welcome to the funhouse, Everyone, follow along.
Mi gato duerme todo el día / My cat sleeps all day long
Iwish everything will be alright....
it's in my queue.
Haven't watched it, but I read the description.
So, not really.
Everything isn't always about sex its bout getting know a person n growing to love each other
I love roasted sprouts.
They are better with lemon juice and parm right out of the oven.
It sucks when youre willing to do everything to be with someone and they do everything to be with somebody else.
We don't need more things, we need things that work better.
Beautiful experiences
Nice!
doctornk one for me.
However it happened, I'm glad it did.
Amazing and funny too.
Have a great day up there.
Oh well, oh well, I am hungry as hell
RT : Men are like steel.
When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
Chuck Norris
if an author builds their own website, is she self published?
Ha!
That's been a while.
Not to worry.
Glad you found it  and me on Twitter!
Hope all is well.
How can we help you here at ?
We've got digital marketing and interactive media for days!
Saw you guys at 12ntc  any recommended reading on data sanitization?
Life is like good COCK, Hard and a bit of a rough ride but.....isn't that the best kind?
I'm annoyingly cathartic its good for my heartache
Senior Year :
Good news on Fringe renewal, should be a great final season.
REALLY craving tonight
Eagle P, Tez and a few more in the studio tonight.
Hit me up if you wanna get in.
Goodnight, guys and dolls.
Luv ya
One day, you will all work for me.
gleequote sotrue mylife.
Haha
I love you like fat lady loves cake
Come on summer ur so close almost there LOL :D I am so ready!!!!!!!!
Fuck this!!!
Im On Night Shift right now..
Look 4 an Job 2 get into...
now we just wait for the official package so he can separate.
It came back sooner than we thought.
But it its all working out.
lol I suppose that is why I got the position.
Dunno about multitasking but I am now a Master of Arts!!!
This sneezing must stop !!
RT : More Pinterest Best Practices: Highlight active pinners in monthly newsletters:
get out of my doctorams, get into my car.
Thanks for the RT
I'm watching MarchMadness / Speaking of, how 'bout Jonathan Lucroy and Mat Gamel this spring?
Just saw 4 red Camister's in Maysville must be a popular color!
about to go see 21JumpStreet with my momma
meeting with a friend today to discuss some good stuff.
I call her Lani Legal..
talking about clothing and 5013 and stuff like that.
: and after you've read that link, we can have a lively FunfestFriday chat about GMN's w/their thangs  their thesaurses.
you can watch E3 right now LIVE on G4TV.....its on right now
wow u all did amazing it was awesome
Dishes, laundoctor, groceries, bills, Qcut all done.
Ready for the weekend
how was the powder at brek
Looking forward to getting back to work tonight at Rustbelt.
Hoping to finish these tracks.
hehe I'm following you ; p.s I'm at big fan :D
Everything from the doctorer is going straight into my suitcase, only because I don't want to hang it up
menu?
Start time?
Stripper show time?
I just found a real collar bone and a cheek bone.
Thought that shadow on the cheek my was a bruise.
Nope, it's a cheek bone.
Mo' tweeting mo' shopping for us both.
March 8: 60 off for users w/ scores b/w 4160
haha I know he says she like hosts parties and sells them
Florida's Tebow a gametime decision Saturday vs.
LSU
No love for our twitter wishes tonight...
When I see blood ima slap tf outa him
Um...wow RT Rampage Jacksons Viral Video Features Attempted Rape and Penis Biting
It's scars me how much I think about you.
wow i may b the shotest person i know.
how does a phys.
ed major take everything home except for all of his shorts?
Looking forward to seeing on the main stage 2nite during NewWestFest Fort Collins Colorado!
tyying to figure out why my compter is so slow tonight...
On the road again....
Moose Jaw bound!
Headed to the land of
Go Pack Go!!
RT : As points out, Saints and Packers kick off the 2011 season exactly 50 days from today.
Where were all the good beer commercials during the superbowl?
Budweiser needs to step their game up!
Thanks to Chef Brian Lewis  all 4 a great shoot!
Me at work: doctorve to the first window and I'll take it off for ya.
I probably should have specified coupon.
What fun will tomorrow bring?
Apparently calling a girl attractive means your friend can tell her you have a crush on her while teaching her to close...
God dammit.
It's all about the K K letter G.
Kappa reunion in indy
One: why does Earth turn?
/ Obese kids on one side, emaciated ones on other / wow!
/ yeah.
As of 6pm tonight I am officially retired from UWWTV.
It was an awesome 4 years and 2 semesters producing this show
Off I go walking 21 miles to day towards Lake Brownwood, TX.
I'm still looking for someone to get me out of the cold tonight.
9179035870.
Good night
Haha I know!; thanks for the phone call!
I needed it.
Love you!
:
P.S.
I joined the smart phone club: switched to Sprint and got an Evo.
I was just addoctorssed as LeAnna  now people are just making up names for me!
RT : College costs high.
Debt burdensome.
Help needed.
That's why I'm here.
Fire away.
Use AskVP vp
Google only goes back two weeks in Twitter content L10Social interesting!
hey man  are you doing OA anytime soon?
who saw the moon at its closest and brightest last night?
i didnt :
8 more mins and Im off of work.
: A2.
Collaborating on the vision is key.
Projects that start with a concept are the most successful.
IntDesignerChat yes!!
If at first you don't suceed...
You're not
Having a thousand friends isn't a miracle.
The miracle is to have a friend who will stand by you when thousands are against you.
Congrats to , the winner of our gift certificate giveaway, and thanks to all of our new followers!
Be interesting to see how Whitney Houston's passing shapes the Grammy's tonight.
All that planning..Proof that nothing is set in stone.Ever.
: At the game, telling Jason how I hate everything from Philly as I eat a cheese steak...
Oh irony!!!
you love me :
you chose doctor head over the celtics in your tweet and I said I disagree...
Pussy
Tony Romo reminds me of an old coworker.
Same big ears and dumb eyes.
it was freezing!
LISA WISEMAN lays down the rules for getting wasted...
because i dont got my ipod its to much work to get on the computer lol .
i just realized, only 7 more til i hit 100 :
writer diablo cody wearing crossbones earrings at
We keep getting our opposing team's managers kicked out.
Will it help us win??
Meanwhile the Yanks keep beating Tampa Bay.
The truth doesnt cost anything, but a lie could cost you everything...
Wealth Building Seminar 4/25th  630pm est.
Bklyn, NY.
Multiple Income Streams  Energy, TV, 4G Internet....
sucks to hear this RT Square details E3 slate; no Versus XIII in sight
The IT Crowd might be the most hilarious underrated TV show on Netflix.
Can't beat British comedy.
RT and follow
Yea i suppose, time to grow up!:
no problem
YO....!!
DJ KMT Mixing live Friday at 10:30 Central Standard Time on triple w madtracks dot com
Lol bitch no one likes your ugly doctormatic ass.
That's what we thought when we heard Promise Ring practices down the hall!
I'm up what to do today
Ugh!
Did u come to Milwaukee again and fail to inform me!!
haha
another great team name.
Maybe we'll see your AllStars in St.
Paul again some day.
Enjoy!!
?America or chivas?
Too late.
They already did...;
Shoutout to disco guitar riffs.
Man I dont want no company tonight!
Go home!!!!
Are you ever doing to do anything?
All you do is sit in your beanbag chair and smoke cloves all day.
No rest for the best.
God, Atlanta needs film/theater criticism with a point of view!
Leave off with the random opinionating.
Thank you much for the FF!
how does the library thing work?
come out
Luke, the perfect revenge for getting hit, would be to GET A HIT!
Side note  they managed to find recording of the incident on the bus.
AMAZING.
OMG ZORB!
Fun :
jermaine, you've won me over w/ that song  jamar, pip  james!
teamblake all the way!
Pearl of wisdom from DVD yoga lady: Sense the spaciousness inside.
i sell propane and propane accessories
This dude looks just like Martin Lawrence and acts like him too!
prepping a postcard for print, answering email, the usual crazy Mondayness
You are my inspiration i love you so much,my queen!
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way
Khan Academy is down for maintenance.
We'll be back soon!
I actually thought this morning 'I wish the iPhone had a vacuum app.'
Vending 5 hair flowers at Belladonna Beauties Everyone Gets Lei'd show at Clarion, Modesto!
20 bands, 3 stages!
YES!
How lame is that?
Back at the ATT Center with my Spurs peeps.
Feels good!
Can't wait for the season to start in a few weeks!
Steve Jobs could be played by George Clooney in Sorkin's version of Issacson's bio.
This should be factually accurate...
It's the longest current streak now that Valverde had a blown save, right?
Live music tonight from 79pm.
The Heart and Hammer!
I so need to take my butt to bed but im glue to my Computer
we love u do u i hope u com back to boston i wanna go again to ur concer i love uu 3
this is stupid!!
This legislation from ALEC seems like it'll be great for students, say politicians who know nothing about education.
Throw in some 7layer dip and you'll be set!
RT  Lovely Day in the SF Bay!
Son Nick  I are off 2 see San Francisco Giants Baseball Club battle Cleveland Indians.
Au...
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121 to hear Tricia Rose speak on race, gender, body image and hip hop culture!
Is it okay if I hit you up for some advice, Chris?
Agree!
RT : new dance gt;gt;gt; Kansas city dance
I'm never asking for the sexiest person fire Christmas again, cuz if Santa puts me in a box again, I'm beating him up with a north pole!
thank you
hail at memorial stadium
Try to play hero and 9 times out of 10 you are going to get burnt.
Too bad Rondo had to learn that one the hard way.
I work too hard to be ballin on a budget.
It's time for everyone to swing from Ovechkins ball sack.
Sid who?
followed bro
Our business is service.
If you are faced with a security problem, large or small, we cam assist you by providing an effective solution.
I think my rock star days have passed, but thanks!
; Maybe if I sell my book, I'll at least get to go on tour.
DontThinkJustBecause u married..Im not gonna look at ur butt
I saw it now you gotta keep it.
I know I feel like the biggest bitch when I don't reply to texts when I think I have.
done with one mixtape / working on another one
you're right!En you don't need to be around Rubianos all the time either!
Ki dia bo ta caba bo masters?
Carole here...I don't know about you Susan Kim...but I am ready for the weekend.
Wow, that's awesome.
Congrats!
Gosh, I'd love to...
but I'll be in Spain the last week of March  first week of April.
Tough life, I know.
Watching inane videos on Socialcam?
Giant snake eats jogger Didn't U know it shows up as your status on Facebook?
I follow a lot of feeds.
My limit is 1000.
Is there a way for Rdoctorbadge to reflect true unread count rather than amt if 1000?
Listening to no reins thinking about and all the riding around we did listening to this song
Thanks mister Simms.
Have a great weekend.
It's a Dawn of the Dead kinda night.
AllIndia trade bandh today
I think I could go whitewater rafting every weekend of the summer.
Is he responsible for all his teams fumbles?
leave me alone!
you know you love me
NOQUESTION RT : S/O Nate P.
Got SAT this weekend n I'm studyin hard
Niggas give me brain cuz all these niggas geeky
I hope the Nuggets win, don't like L.A
Girls Night Out!
Tomorrow starting at 4pm.
Get your girlfriends together and call for a Happy Hour reservation.
2024504824
Playing duck hunt and super mario bros on the nintendo with square controllers
i know...thats why!
plus hes on the heat...
i hate everybody on heat except for wade
Thanks for following...lets have some fun!
I love how most of my favorites were tweeted by we basically have the same thoughts so I always like her tweets
Gracias!
Yes!
When are you in town until?
North side?
South side?
RT : i'm in chicago.
cafecito?
actually that's a pretty cool piece of work!
Do you own that one?
Paradox: It's wise to assume the other party to a negotiation knows what they're doing.
Even though it's often not true.
FIrstEdition MoneyMonday w/ Elections in Europe  WWWSD What Will Wall Street Do?
Every time I get a follower on twitter, I spare a life and let a child out of my attic.
: No matter how bad your Monday was, just remember that someone out there has to clean the bathroom  I can't imagine
All over RT : thanks.
Do you know What sections BC fans in?
This weather really needs to make up it's mind headcoldagain :
So we have one order for a Smoked Turkey being shipped to Washinton DC, any other people wanting pricing on a smoked turkey for christmas?
And now a family movie night.
Don't think this day could get any better.
:
Pretty soon, going to head up to meet with others around a business I'm helping to start.
It's the social venture....OF RASSILON!
You're stoked to hang out with me:3 ahhhw
bruh u finally caught onto his tweets leave them damn things alone lol..im nt judgin
please email 3 topics and I will pick 1.
6001200 words for article.
I love that people still don't really know that guy from Politico's namehe's just being referred to as that guy from Politico.
Hoping the artistic director finally hears me next week!
I knew I liked you for a reason lol
Thanks!
You too :
National Union of Teachers to consult staff in every academy about strikes  The Guardian
Why does everyone have flashlights right now?
Hungrier than day thang
Sounds like a reasonable time to me lol thats usually when i knock out xx
Back in Nashville baby!
doctorving a porsche  me under pressure scary 
lmao u a fool!!!
I slept for my usual 2.
Blech.
Go to sleep, Jen
RT : Very sad : I'm from Brazil
I've been checking out your work and I'm liking what I'm seeing.
Dm me your contact info.
Heyy Hailey, how you been :!!
i miss seeing you on Majors  Minors,  the rest of the cast!!
Do you like Big Time Rush!!
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who make it across the Oregon Trail, and those who don't.
I fall into the former category
I'd say it was less than a week....but I was in the first session, so it was a quick turnaround.
Give it time.
Will the Republicans will mention that the same demographic that overwhelmingly supports gay marriage is same one that watches Jersey Shore?
Like almost everyone replies to me on facebook but never FREAKING TWITTER.
now I have that 80's song stuck in my head!
My recap from tonight's game has a little more on it, and there's much more in the audio file.
Spent all of EarthHour at a vegan restaurant.
Does that count?
I don't think it's that complicated because you have damaged to begin with to even watch that crap.
OK so I've had enough with these Lexus commercials ANYBODY who knows anyone who has ever received a Lexus with a big red bow for...
We have to run our Roomba every single day!
You'd think our cat would be bald by how much hair he sheds!
G'luck
Evaluate what you want  because what gets measured, gets produced.
James A.
Belasco
Good morning, Twitter!
This week's topicoftheweek is violence on college campuses.
We'll be asking questions, taking polls, conversing.
IfOnlyAlexKnew how much I loved him :
haha ya!
How are you??
duck tape!
So who can help me promote my radio show?
marry me ?
:D
Off to buy my bathing suit for the honeymoon!
What's wrong?
I get to see you next weekend!!!!!
Found my way to the encore lounge in Boston.
It's an open mic.
Woo hoo!
RT : Attn Runway Models: Casting show for !
Come out this Saturday, downtown 102pm.
Damn No Goodnight Love ???
because tom said we dont need to be attractive he'd still sleep with us, my body is ready omg omg
Don't forget 8 is open for speaking submissions!
bit.ly/n69D3D Will you be this Fall's hottest Ignite speaker?
ha ha actually no, even though I am a huge sex in the city fan that one was so awful!
Thomas Robinson played like a real pussy tonight.
That boy was scared.
No glasses buddies?
Aw...
i sent my sweet fiance out on sunday for the pain au chocolat deliciousness  it was amazing!
i was too cozy at home!
:
wish i walking by
Losurdo, Liberalism, a counterhistory: smart intro to historical entanglement of slavery and liberalism; limited archive and argument
lmfao!
My brother used to work at wells Fargo!
RT : A Brilliant idea by Catersource and Catering by Design.
doctorin the pool and stick your food buffet inside
thanks, how u been anyways
Guys these days....smh.
It's easier to exercise if your boss does it.
What a great mission.
Thanks 4 following.
Digital today allows for stories to never end vs only story telling under the narrative form
And then you'll have Wallace, even more responsibilities 
I had exactly the same reaction :/
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen You get tickets!!!
Moneyball  read the book, enjoyed the movie.
Wonder if its just because I'm an A's fan or if it was really a good movie...
nice armband what is it for?
captainin?
Given the volume of grammys tweets right now, I feel like I could live tweet the show without even watching it.
Where is : haven't seen u on my TL today !
prince said what gotta know
.
oh that sounds like it was a great luncheon!
Glad to hear you learned something and enjoyed it!
Question: What's The Nicest Compliment You've Ever Received?
I'm not sure.
Her main focus is quilting and she works with the Quilt Index.
You two should chat!
Just seen ma x n Bestfriend nd they friends : had good day lol
Seriously, I don't give a rats ass if all the celebrities r using a product!!
All I want 2 know is, does it work?
Sick of this celebrity bs!
Bucs pitching is off the charts, if only we had some offense.
Really....any offense at all.
Let's go Pirates.
Wake those bats up.
Missing Springarea brothers found safe
Thanks for the follow misterJackson.
If you could check out my music and let me know what you think.
Thanks!!
God Bless!!
i swear sometimes my mom just bitches and complains just because she hasnt done it all week, and needs to do atleast once
Why do generals break in at the bend?
I don't know which is scarier, the road to success or success...
I hope to answer that question soon.
;
Also joining us on the show today to talk about Bealefeld's tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby 122 pm
I hope I get to NYC swiftly!
My legs are already restless.
Also all in RT : To answer that email, yes yes yes yes.
:
having to fly to cleveland, of all places, during grand prix week for a job interview
Think of all the love he felt in the last moments.
He knew he was loved.
Good to see you too!
new Every Time I Die record rules.
Go get it!
When I play HISTORY unfolds....really!....this bass is my life..listen
It's GTBU  good to be you!
TY  Thank You!!
The only reason we dont have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we cant have them.
Tony Robbins
Congrats!
DearTeenMe RT : Whoa!
Good news!
DEAR TEEN ME has been named an official Junior Library Guild selection.
So I take it that you chose to be heterosexual right?
Give me a break.
Please contact Nick R on our support team.
He has been trying to get in touch with you about a server.
Winning games like this one tonight at Fieldhouse will do more to put Pacers fans in stands than all paid advertising in the world.
Is It Nice Looking
that new pic got mad dog cuteness
We're fantastic, really hoping for a release this week!
My all time favorite song.
Thanks for tweeting.
For the record...
Mass Effect 3 is NOT better with Kinect.
What is he thinking?
I guess his kids will not be using these social mediums.
that's near the Blue Ridge in Va right?
If so, that area is awesome.
Very pretty.
My limbs feel like spaghetti!!
I have doctorpped so much shit at work!
ready to go!!
Thanks Gabriel!
A writer is not as crazy as the characters they create?
Maybe.
How to measure?
By deeds?
Crazy test?
Ima Just Tweet Watch The Rest Of The Day
this is the first time in a long time haha it's not like I do it everyday
thanks for the Love ill check out your facebook right now
Don't forget it's Princeton Farmer's Market Thursday!
Only a couple of weeks left.
Come on out and visit us...the weather is beautiful!
Eveland or Hunter could become LRP
minor correction: Oh
No.
Brendan stays.
Memphis got too complacent smh
Well I am not evil.
Tilly is evil.
Welcome to the Annenberg family!
Looks like we have lots to geeking out to do.
Could be the best twitter account I've found as a Milwaukee resident.
Looking forward to my first Rangers game next week.
I'm a Blackhawks and Sharks fan, but I can still appreciate the 1 ranked team's skills.
Congrats!
Best investment is to your health!
I wish this migraine would go away and stayaway 
Has anyone really forgotten that?
Wow, Vandy didn't do nothing in the last few minutes of the game, Richmond wins 6966
Pastor McCann will be on TBN tonight at 10pm!
Check it out!
This guy changed my life.
To all my PAKALITES follow
Head hurts and throat and nose feel funny.
No go away sickness.
First off, 699 other players also deserve a cup and if that was Cooke or Rinaldo making that hit it'd be a suspension
I'm looking forward to seeing San Francisco NFC Champion apparel during the next Madagascar mission.
awwohhh : I lost three followers....
why?
:'
this doesn't surprise me.
My 2 year old nephew can work my iPhone better than I can...but, I wouldn't give in just yet :
Meeting tonight!!
Come find out more details about Saturday's Holiday Hoopla!
BH 233 at 6:30!
i agree, it doesn't feel like christmas eve AT all.
roast beef with fried eggplant  mozzarella from Defonte's.
That Way from This Little Piggy Had Roast Beef
oh word?
Damn I'm leaving tomorrow went to today's game
cause you're a fake fan that only likes Zayn lolol but I only sacrificed for chuu babyy  I texted you the pics we took yesterday!
i think connie hijacked his twitter.
its all a farse!
Gene Simmons from KISS fame opening a new restaurant in CA.
Wonder if they'll serve a tongue sandwich?
When your english teacher says mad douche bag status
Jay Rock Follow Me Home out JULY 26
it's such good music
I am on my way to church, tamala mann is going to be there
played hard today..
ILoveItWhen it's all about the pooo say.
SGP lol ;
: oh you know...museums, mobile, learning, all that good stuff I'm studying in MEP :
Finishing up a fabulous Board of Directors retreat.
Thanks everyone.
Where are you having your martini?
love bites
Prayer tonight at MYC!
6:30...everyone is welcome.
your music is great.
Very pure.
Best of luck to you man.
wtf!
ugh i hate whe these bitches eat my leftovers!
gahhhhhhh!
Good Night World...
Tomorrow awaits you.
cops at my apartment cuz my neighbors forgot their keys and broke in through a window
The mind is its own place and in itself can make heaven of hell, hell of heaven.
Bryce Harper continuing to prove he was a good pickup in my fantasy league.
Vacation plans cancelled due to being a grownup.
I hate all this appropriate decision making.
Kudos to those who do it every day.
Why are people's Internet not working?
I've never been to a midnight showing...can't decide if I want to do that or a very calm matinee treat on Fri.
better idea..
Boozer needs to step up against the better competition n take some of the edge off doctorse
that was the best post EVER!!!!
Haha totally rad rejection!
zombie asskicker
Swimgerie fashion show, only on !
are you ready?
Wow that is CRAZY!
kmart4 6 my fav player is in china so fairwell to this nba calendar year i have no team except for the rockets now...
Don't know if you qualify for a mortgage?
Call me  I'll put you in touch with a mortgage professorssional!
It's not as hard as you think.
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you.
You just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley, quoted in Village Voice
iUsedToLikeYouBut you still think showing your kacche ka brand is cool.
Please!!
So fundies wont be in hell with me, deal.
Never said that.
RT : You honestly think it is realistic to expect UW to win a championship?
1966 Monday Monday by the Mamas  the Poppas becomes 1 in the pop charts.
UGOdotcom UGOsweeps hey, now that they lowered the price of the ps3, can you send me the one i won in early march?
Sorry you didn't think I offer anything of value to you.
sorry don't know one there but good luck!
When I'm bored I don't doctornk or smoke, I go in my room turn on my flashlight and make hand shadows.
My mother should be proud of me
Awesome!!
furthestdistanceaward RT : Landed from Orlando went straight to Meet TopChef  eat
Coming to America?
12 hours left to vote for SAC Chair!
Alrighty..I don't email much BUT I WILL FOR YOU!
:D I'll Dm u it.
Welp goodnight fans and CarrieUnderwood fans!
We love you.
as long as it's a mcgriddle you'll be fine.
Lol cant wait to go day doctornking with my females today!
;
Happy new years.
With my girls and Lauren.
It's been a good night.
I love these girls so much.
:
tonight was the final screening in the african art house film festival sponsored by
Where did you find this?
Soo excited that will be playing at JMU tomorrow!!!!!
Having to share my car with my brother
oh ok.
Thx for telling me : how was ur day?
phase 2 of Insanity today, ass kicking to come.
GONE GIRL missing wife ripped from the headlines.
but did the husband do it?
In 5 minutes, well reveal the contest!
Who wants to be a ColtsDocsVIP and watch the doctorft Thurs.
?
good Luck!
Rob Williams comes in to replace Tom Baker as Greater Media/Boston Market Manager.
Keep an eye on your inbox for our RAMP Breaking News!
: we'll make it work one of these days!
RT : dang I keep missing you!
adults v.
grown ups
there's after the fact punishment of course.
but to actually STOP that?
impossible, imo.
those days tend to end with the need of a cocktail or two.
Trying to figure out exactly what all I'll do today Cinco, Derby, Nationwide Race, Braves/Auburn baseball.
Lots on sched!
Thanks for the follow.
Love your site's graphics.
Amazing, simply amazing.
In Finland, basic education for childoctorn aged 716 is completely free and includes health care.
There is no day that isn't made better by looking at pictures of adorable animals cuddling with stuffed animals.
Next thing you know, Sarah Phillips will be revealed as Dad Boner.
The older I get the more I find myself saying, Is this a skirt or a top?
What is this?
If u have a roof leak call us 3052323344 www.vcassociates.net
Three years in Austin and somehow this was my first pancake meal at Kerbey NOT THE LAST.
The short stack was glorious overkill.
does anyone else collect MAD magazines???
i found my oldest one, the size of a comic book!
D
Basically if u have a few beers you forget about the hurricane
i like that wedding pic
oops.
I accidentally let my mommies dog out  he ran away.
:
Happy Supernatural Friday!!
:
Happy mothers day !
I'd laugh cause I can't control myself...
Congrats on move to join the team!
Looks like an exciting team and great space!!
i am beyond obsessed with that show!
:
Dir.
Eide tells audience public expectations are growing for protecting safety regarding radiological preparedness.
LoueyGettingSilly RT : Oh my Louie!!!
Are you kidding me
Costner had one job.
Flat tire.
A better hurry up.
Members of the Reserves or National Guard are eligible for the VA Home Loan Program also.
what's going on beautiful!
How ya livin!
HOLY BOYFRIEND VIDEO.
I hate seeing kids at the site of a crime scene /3
I know all the ladies are ready for 's Magic Mike.
We spoke about it in NOLA.
Great guy for sure.
Ladies be on the look out!
Have enjoyed talking to you and watching the things you do since the day you showed up.
You're very cute :
: hi, you're perfect.
Hi!
You're awesome:
It's such a beautiful day!
Time to play video games lol!
what if I told you nice uggs?
They aren't real.
Oh.
Well nice fake uggs.
you are better than me...lol
too cute!!!
Glad to hear the fam is doing well!!!!
Congratulations!!
Can't wait to meet the lil guy!!!!
My computer is telling me to go to sleep...it just froze.
derricks going to throw another party for you lol
What2ChainzWouldSay bitch im 2chainz got Stanky feet three fingers thats stinky pink porno gotta beat my meat then I nut kitchen sink
When did Missed Connections get so boring?
I don't think your stupid but what's my opinion against thousands?
And another one  The Santorini Be A Goddess winner goes to the European Wax Center in Kendall!
will you please come back and play for duke again I miss you.
I cried when I lost my soul mate
I think my body is trying to suffocate itself.
I can't breath through my nose, and its hard/hurts to swallow.
Its been nice knowing you all.
The world is but a canvas to our imagination.
Henry David Thoreau
John Simon Democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is ignorant.
WORD!
RT : Great to hear that allows their employees to be themselves  creates a great culture
That's what separates you from the monkeys
Good morning friend!
I fly a lot.
One of these days, I'm going to get one the wrong plane and end up in Albuquerque.
Do we not get Kevin baby pictures!?
YOU A BHADD BITCH  YA FRIEND BHADD TOO....;
North Carolina.
Where Michael Jordan played college basketball.
ring me up when you're free...
We will be closing the dining room tonight at 5:30 for a private party, we will still be serving take out orders during the party
Science is simply common sense at its best that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
HookMeUp with them watch the throne tickets!!!
best thing about christmas eve
RT : saw your new catalog!
Some very pretty new lilybees and the Gwyneth's finally out in my size so excited!
We'll be thinking about you.
u r so a beautiful woman
Melanie, thank you very much for that great review!!
Excited to see how new PSUBOT trustees shape direction  be stronger reps for psu alumni voice.
Thx  Time to get 2 work
Make it an outstanding day peeps!
B sure to get ur workout on and tweak that diet.
Your bodies will thank you for it!
Blessings...
Who else will walk up and down an escalator instead of waiting for it to take you up or down?
Making the final touches on 's spring calendar.
Post tomorrow.
I followed!
How's the Monday commute this morning?
At least it's a beautiful day outside!
I know an awesome Winter Hotspot!
Today Art Pulse finds out if we are the winning bidder in the Pacific View Elementary School site
pladml what is the url for the dml specific blog?
too nyquild to have the full convo but its Bonds elephant or not
Lower Allston smells like someone's having a bonfire built exclusively from pot.
Worst hotel ever, we're doctornk and locked out of our room
Aw come on, I'm sure lots of ppl care!
Finally Home!
Hey hi,how are u?
Yeah I have seen some of those.
He is liberal, but maybe he has read a bunch/lot of stuff that changed his opinion on that?
Bestie!!!!
I miss you!!
MLK is straight ghetto and hood lol!
This store is crazy!
Lucky I got hood chicks who work for me
The suspense is killing me.
Dont let me down.
Government regulation of sugar in people's personal live?
Ridiculous!
Just sayin'
People Follow my Great Friend:
That moment when you have a sharpie and you have the urge to doctorw on everything.
thanks for the follow :
I'm finally 22sheesh I'm getting old : lol it's a blessing tho
I really miss my dog I swear I always hear her barking then I look n she's not there : I hope she's safe  taken care of 3
I need a massage...my shoulder hurts...:
RT : Join an intriguing discussion of the Katyn Murders in Poland during WWII.
Today at 1:30 at ClevelandState in LB60
Snooki from Jersey Shore Lied: She Really is Pregnant!
never been to one man.
Looks like I gotta check that out soon.
Any recommendations sir?
where do you play man?
Nothing but Yankee victories this weekend as team Chasing800 was in the Bronx!
www.Chasing800.com
Blazers beat the Nets 10188.
Portland closed the game on a 193 run.
Nets went final 6:50 w/o a FG.
where do you live ?
Happy Earthquake Day
Uh oh, no reception in the dungeon?
Call my office line peeps.
We had our first interview tonight!
: It went awesome!
:
im jealous
IM NOT HAPPY!!!!!
COME ON NEW YORK!!!
Old rule was that you're not allowed to wear extra protection after a certain amount of time following a surgery/injury.
We've all been there before, except for the countless obvious differences
Excited to be going to the nsta12 with on March 29April 1.
Stop by our Booth 2238 to see our amazing science collections!
Happy Easter peeps!
Friday Friday got to get down on Friday 33
since it's 4:10 game, post game perfect!
i've never been to smashburger.
idk if its good or not.
D:
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
Marcus Licinius Crassus
what questions Mistress???
Does he do the same songs every show.
aw yea foreal
Ladies if you have a trash bag in your car window there should not be a man sitting in your car with you.
A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be
8 more hours...I can see the light at the end of the tunnel
I can't wait either!
So excited!
I'm a bit nervous and I hope you'll like the package.
yea hehehe: so what r u gonna do for valentines day???
Gorgeous day here in Charleston SC  waiting for delivery to setup Emmens Preserve interactive touchscreeen system!
There are some amazing things being hatched at !
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step  Lao Tzu
HES STUPID A F , when you have one its supose too be better xD
Thanks for the feedback.
I don't have many coins on the site because I don't know much about the subject.
Today at 12pm EST,5pm GMT, 2 Damn Cheeky on FriskyRadio, new 2hr set from Rob Keith, hop in and take the ride !!!!
I wish I could go back to high school
So glad it's igniting your AudaciousFaith!
Keep sharing the msg.
staff
rt It's closer than you may think.
This season of Survivor just got boooooorrrriiiinnnggg!!!
Damn.
Listen to FUSiON tonight from 67!
why is that?
Happy Birthday dude!
New trick to get cats to come in the house: playing YouTube clips of meowing on my phone.
niggah you called me whn you were at Wing Stop yesterday.
you're fat
Episode 52 will be up tonight!
Solo all morning!?!?!
Yikes!
Good Luck!
As for this doctorft, I just look for hope and don't care if it's bats or arms.
Gotta just get talent.
Thanks bud  back at you.
March is brain injury awareness month!
A Traumatic Brain Injury can happen anytime, anywhere, and to anyone.
so excited to see you this weekend and doctornk amazing wines!
You tell me what to pour  I'm on it!!
WineFriends
Don't I wish!
:D
....changed my name!
'I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.' Rita Mae Brown via
have fun...remember the good 'ol days of haning out...miss them!!
We will get together.
have fun..tell Cindy HEY MUAH!!!!!
Per MLB policy, we are not allowed to post any game audio online including...
Finished rewatching Season 4 of , ready for Season 5 premiere tonight!
Thanks for reading Alex  I'll check out your questions!
Just because no one believes u can do it, doesn't mean u can't...
Believe in yourself  just DO it
I wish I could go back to this time last year when I actually had a happy life
MT : Sad: seeing neighbor kids walking to 711 to get unhealthy brkfast.
/ can't eat healthy if u can't find healthy.
I.e., the pundits were right.
: great time with Vilinsky today!!
we did work with liebs!
BreakfastofChampions 
Happy Monday, follow your doctorams.
just listened to your stuff on myspace.
fantastic.
love it.
thanks for the follow!
I don't think he was that terrible.
Maybe I'm dumb, but sounds like he just wants Uthoff to explain why he's transferring
'We intend to eliminate homelesnees by 2017  veteran homelessness by 2015.
We are on the mark.'Estelle Richman, HUD,
i am so f'ing obsessed with the West Wing, I can't even stand it.
Why did I wait so long?
access episode arguably one of the best.
hahaha..its an arabic song.
So tonight I lost my first Volleyball game VERY!
Last year we were undefeated, and this year we were to up until today!
OH from a 5 YO in the pking lot: You mean you don't telemark?
Laughter  pride from the telemarkdad ensued.
cc
Love how you can tell which Metro doctorvers are locals: Next station is mumblemumble WASHINGTON NATIONAL AIRPORT.
Thank You for Following us on Twitter!
Full moon tonight  spring renewal.......always a time of reflection and a surge of energy for things to look  feel different!
Sigh!
Hello everyone.
Did a lot around home today  am tired.
Need to rest a bit, but will try to fill you in on more things ASAP.
C U later....
for my fitness bikini comp!
I'm in for that minus Noche lol
RT : RT s/o to the House that Chapman Built  Happy Charter Day to the BN bruhs!
He is ALWAYS on time!
Hey guys!
We've added many new cars to our fleet!
Short waits city wide Seattle!
Make us your first call when ya need a cab!7227696
Oh no.
You will never get that Saturday night back.
Once again late cuz of construction maybe i should leave an hour early to get to the school
misjudged the distance between my head and the wall.
I think I might go crawl in a hole now.
: yes it does.
My grandma sold my pappy's car and gave me 500 and I may get it
You are too positive!
:
You too!
Catching up on khloe and Lamar.
Gosh I love this show hahaha
I think if you exercise, your state of mind  my state of mind  is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges
Head on over to HotchADo Fri/Sat for their fish fry  why not get 50 off by heading to www.crowdclick.com first!
Having a background in sales makes car shopping much more fun.
Sure you'll have no problem finding an ugly sweater there!
One word says it all.
Brewers !!!!
4famouswords  free's ass is fine  get me some honey.
Tori Spelling coming up in minutes on the show
asdfghkl i met your mom today!!!
:
New day just searching for
Im so proud of my sisters Yuki and Miinah graduting..
I am a proud big sis!!
Saranghae sisters!!
U deserve it!!
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Waiting for my hair stylist who is 40 mins late.
Good thing I've been seeing her for a bunch of yrs.
RT Libra: sex, doctorgs and smarts
TRUE INDEED, people need to understand there is a BIG DIFFERENCE!!!
Remind me to tell you about my halfbaked Occupy the Playa idea sometime
Batter up?
Are we going to have deep fried flying monkeys?
;
I would LOVE to wake up to following or had tweeted me..
would you expect anything less Kirstie?
When you got it you got it and chica YOU got IT!
gop doesn't give a rat's ass about anything that the dems are saying...rude, crude, and just plain mean!!!
Man landeskog is good
Today's gift card winner is PAM BROWN.
Congratulations!
haha nice memory ;
it's kinda cool but its been warm its off and on.
lots of rain
Right back at ya!
Have you started to think about playing volleyball in college?
i can't seem to get on your website...just lettin ya know!
Thanks.
Hope you're good.
It's always edifying to discuss mentoring and informallearning with CAEA colleagues!
have fun with asmister on your date!
what kind of writing do u do?
i write much about health care  trying 2 evolve toward fiction ..
I heartily support Chuck Neinas; as a Badger and submariner he can defeat foes both underground and undersea.
RT : 90 of lottery winners burn through their dough in 5 years.
Most folks are horribly inept at managing money
i just watched your cover on Luke James i want you and i was amazed.
I always say this during the World Cups, but I mean it this time: I could definitely be a soccer fan.
Go Team USA!
OMG is following me!
Heart!
If you dont make a constant effort to be with me or talk to me I'll lose interest in you just saying.
I like hard labor because I know I'm strong enough to do it :
What's good Bros?
Right back at ya : Two auditions today and a great shoot for Unity Home Theater.
Fun working with 
How did we not get cought last night?!
Pretty psyched to be planning my first oral history project, hopeful we can implement it permanently and captainre great stories/memories.
RT upstream2012 learning about the science of behaviors  habits, how self control works.big implications for education.
somewhere beyond the sea somewhere waiting for me
you have never seen the notebook?!
OMG that show is rockin' :p
Thanks for the follow Chef, it's an honor!
:Follow back!
what should beaver basketball fans expect next year?
I feel like they grossly underachived this year..
Heh Did you join our tweet off about UWeather today?
Great fun talking about our fave subject in WI  the weather.
Works for me.
When are you in Chicago next?
Today is the day to do ONE MORE REP!
Dig deep and reach your goals!!!
Let's see what part of the crowd can scream the loudest.
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 1Dtourusa We love you!
Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Haha I know the feeling.
Living the doctoram, right?

so does the Google ghost town
Awww, you are so sweet :.
Thanks for everything  Much Love!
wasn't your dog a puppy!?
Wtf went wrong??
working on the final touches of the new STITCHEQ Black/White...this newest orig painting will be on display tonight!
Several cable companies are eying usagebased billing for internet service causing Netflix customers who stream movies to fear hefty increa
Yea bro, we still at it.
I know...a show this weekend would be the perfect end of the semester party
I also like lots of books by Kristin Hannah and Michael Connelly as far as more commercial fiction.
It's Friday!
Cash your check  come spend it on some gourmet Italian downtown just east of Campus Martius...Do it!
Will Oregon reflect the U.S.
unemployment numbers?
Local experts fill us in tonight at 6:30pm on KGW.
omg I want some!
Today's Brain Floss: 94 of Americans say they brush nightly  81 say they brush in the morning.
Brush better!www.doctorooleydental.com
Excellent lecture in NewYorkCity this month.
Intriguing at the very least, if not a tad 2 long.
DavidIcke  Hero or lunatic?
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London Businesses Capitalize on Rise in Visitor Web ...
We've had several events over the past two weeks  which was your favorite?
Building awesome marketing and branding campaigns for our clients!
Grab the keys to our creative kingdom of endless possibilities!
We're of
10 for 20 in subscriptions at MagazineMetropolisDeals!
Includes Oprah, Vogue, SportsIllustrated, Maxim, Fitness, and
prodigy..chicken.
lmao
I'm gonna miss our fun golf practices 
Lets go to WERK!
HAPPY FRIDAY!
See you at SOBE!
thanks, Handsome!!
I love you, too, Sweetheart!!
Have a great day!!
Man, that hawk still out here boa...
Twitter is for Birds :p
Okay : love you too
by first letter of author's last words
Fix 'HERE' links on press release for women's report?
I wouldn't expect anything less from you!
In honor of our advance screenings tonight, The Avengers are now assembled on IHC, complete with the latest and last edition  Nick Fury 1/2
If you going to be over a hour late you should probably call in..
yes sir they are both BEAST !!!!
Ugh I doctorad school so much.
Credit to FOX and CNN broadcasting the shuttle flight over NYC as news while MSNBC babbles politics.

if you uneducated fcks didn't know ...
FILIPINOS are of SPANISH Ancestry Holla.
Haha!
I think he would.
That would be greatness!
Patron wanted a bring 'em back label put on a magazine back issue.
Thanks for the add, and the mention!
check out this performance at the ALLSTARS of CHICAGO SHOWCASE I also hots it as well.
That awkward ass moment when you go through the lunch line and ask the lunch ladies for big breasts on fried chicken day.
We need to make a world in which fewer childoctorn are born, and in which we take better care of them.
WOOHOO!
Rockies!
CARGO!
for Steven???!
I made him a card!
3
tell me !
There is so much going on at Sol...keep watching here and our website for new classes for this spring!
I forgot what a bitch Walt's wife turned into in season 2 of Breaking Bad.
Hallmark needs to make a recordable card that looks like a Howler from Harry Potter.
oh dear
The most difficult lessons are the most valuable.
Such diamonds are hard, but priceless.
Shine them.
good to meet you too!
Can you send me info on metaSlug?
Thanks!
Play Self Destruction please
Thank you so much!
T minus 5 hours...
Rockies RT : great interview w/ Cargo!
Can't wait for the season to start!
What's up with Republicans bashing on the French?
am an official Grandma  Addison Faith Donato made her entrance into the world at 12:01pm,7lbs 10 oz, 21inches.
Happy Easter!
Full Time Levitating
icanhonestlysay that i love every single one of the iconic boyz!3
Boohoo i'm not a Lafayette girl Cheeck !
Who wants an autograph?
Would you allow your agency to appear on ThePitch AMC?
If you force them, they wont learn.
Great post by
Hope its not that horrifying..
I seriously love Storage Wars, and American Pickers and any show about junk.
Watching some NBA playoff basketball on this bubba kush
so I've heard.
Do you guys still charge for dvds?
We do.
I didn't realize anyone still did that until I started here.
Just watched the movie My week with Marilyn and wasn't impressed
I would very much like a sadfaced doggie planter with thermometer hanging out of mouth that says Get Well Soon.
If you love me so much, why are you walking away?

with all the rain, the grass is finally nice enough for bare toes.
totally into it.
Should I be disturbed by how much I enjoy playing Abigail in The Crucible?
Liams a lucky guy :
now that's american.
just got to Bennu...
YOU GOT MY MONEY!?!
Cant wait to watch PLL!!!
:
BOBS are the poor mans TOMS.
thank you, darling :
RT : Smile.
Why?
Because it makes you attractive.
It changes your mood.
It relieves stress.
And it helps you stay positive.
directing my new music video!
Shoot this Sunday.
Choreography by So excited!
You're skinny, your body is jusy saying We Need More Food Dori
thank you:
it would be awesome if they were Guy Fawkes masks.
no way, not over josh selby RT : isaiah thomas deserved 2nd or 3rd in RoY voting.
sorry, guys.
Oh yes, huge improvement.
Lots of ways to get rid of a headache.
But yeah if you haven't slept by now, you should probably hit the hay :P
Brian, the Bookshop Door exhibit closes January 22.
Come by and see the door before it goes back into storage!
Why do toes, make you giggle inside when you look at them?
Especially when you look at others.
They seem to make a statement Hm
What's hot in DCevents tonight?
The HHAwards, the year's biggest celebration of DCtheatre.
With special guest !
sold out
Anytime!
See you Monday!
Aww last day of track practice.
I'll miss my buddies 
Will share suggestion with CB tech team.
BTW, 2010 gallery was live until May 2011.
Came down when 2011 applications launched.
Ur really gunna try and take a shower at 130 am when I'm trying to go to sleep and my bed is right by the door
J Wright by Cowboys tomirrow
the way i smoke them blunt i burned em up like newports
When you have to be some where on time the one thing you can not trust is the
the guy is a jackass to me and le roy.
I'll compose long blog posts w/OpenOffice first bc I find the bibliographic coding more conducive to sustained thought.
And then an award for the best tweet about the best article about the prize for the best literary prize...
oh neighbors with the karaoke machine, yes, those boots were made for walking.
Thanks for the reminder.
Made plans with for SPAGTANIC, the day in which we go to spaghetti factory and titanic and then immediately hate ourselves.
We have Crackle nail polish!
...
I don't pick up numbers I don't know.
Leave a message, don't keep on calling.
I apologize if it's a friend.
Lol
The world is going to throw us a million reasons why this isn't going to work out between us, but I know one reason why it will I love you
Socialmedia is super important for business to integrate into their campaigns
loud and clear :
Wow my brothers a piece of shit Cheap ass motherfucker
Can't wait to walk in the March for the Animals on Sunday!
Its one of my favorite days of the year.
My people take me every yr!
i think the ravens have it this year
algorithms could solve the problem you have, not the one you asked.
We are thinking about summer already!
Any favorite vacation spots?
I'm rarely ever frustrated with but lately my Timeline isn't functioning right for some reason.
sometimes it's just plain awesome :
Guys that have a cute laugh
i have been talking to forever ahaha ...we might hang out tomorrow
um hi?
This probably the only time i get to tweet ever since my ipod broke :,
In September, consider posting National Library Card SignUp Month to your library Events calendar  as an ongoing or recurring event!
Awesome ...
can't wait!
Man, I need a Bible with more margins!
I just wanna live.
I'm bored and browsing through apps?!
Any suggestions!?
I some how missed that Eastbound and Down started again.
Time to catch up.
OnWisconsin RT : To all those wondering, yes, that was On, Wisconsin playing in the background of the pepsi max commerical
Meanwhile kids today say What's a CD?
im almost done memorizing the 2nd page!
Thanks for the mention!
Just signed up for Argentinian Tango 2a class.
I will figure out this dance yet!
Stop paying back corporate donors.
Impossible, at times.
Normal people don't do these things we do.
See ya later peeps tweet ya later 3333333333333333333333333 love ya follow me I follow you back
Kentucky  good
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
TST getting some love!
Always cool when a team cares for the fans.
Go Rams!
I'll ask.
It'd be a good From the Archives piece for the site.
RT : You folks have anything on the show in the archives?
My mom just flicked me off.
What?
Looked up from my phone just in time to be angry at the car in front of me for not immediately going when the light turned green.
we need another sleep over
Check!
RT : Tonight has to be a vintage Paul Pierce playoff performance!
He's the ultimate competitor, won't be easy but he can do it
I refuse to remove you from my UVC Twitter list.
When I was little me  erin used to run around the church during class
YOU ARE PERFECT 
How was everyone's weekends?
Me, I got hammered and yacked in my bed.
ha i bet!
So where did you go today?
you weren't here for the rehearsal for the ceremony thing.
Bout to go see in 3 hours!!!
CANT WAIT!!!
hah !
Chick wants me to doctorve all the way to Riverdale just to eat Dinner...
shoot what am i getting in return ?
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of doctor gin : HAPPY TEQUILA THURSDAY!
Congratulations to James Chew on your recognition on your 5 years of Service has a Blood doctorve Chairperson for !!!
So it's really over for Ljuby?
I'll never forget how ecstatic he was to win his one and only Masters tourney.
doctoram come true.
Wish him well
Thank you
yeah ya do : I go back to December all the time....
So now Obama is calling the expiration of tax cuts tax increases.
He may as well switch parties right now.
sxsw nowplaying.
At Maggie Maes Rooftop.
Chain Gamg of 1974.
Talvin Singh crossed with Secret Machines, so far!
Thanks for the follow, Look forward to your services.
amazing meetings and look forward to working together!
Boston look forward to meeting you!
yeah when I saw your picture I thought you were at least 15:
Ok who do I need to kill?
Haha Your Funny C:
Sushi for lunch My stomach is so Happy right now soo good!
Apparently they already have.
I've seen reports that Jennifer Hudson is already scheduled to do it.
i want u
Ditched tweetdeck a few months back for native twitter client because it was horribly broken.
Reinstalled today and so far I'm happy.
Happy Birthday Aaron!!
Happy Birthday Chachi!
keep up the GOOD work my brother!!!
and THX IA is staying busy and matching up peeps with cancer every hr!!
:
We had an elite eight run while I was there....2005 maybe?
Besides that...heh...
Err....
Then you should see the fallacy of unionsthey are monopolies protected by the force of law
I wash my hair and its sheding like a old woman w/ 5young kids!
5 dollar foot long!
lol I always get a Turkey.
Although, have you tired their egg white breakfast sandwiches?
i'm running it on a mac and not having problems
: Happy Birthday  Kill emm with kindness.
whos in my mouth
Bud Selig throwing out first pitch.
Even the COMMISH doesn't want AZ in the CS.
Eat it!
Guy in the elevator leaving my apt with a styrofoam cup of coffee.
Does he buy disposable cups, reuse or had he gone for coffee already?
How many fruits and veggies did you eat so far today?
Just witnessed a 70 year old bumping eminem, shine on you crazy diamond.
Good morning...
Still no follow from yet sigh
Hey thanks so much for your music...
Making life sweeter!!
lol, i'm considering it!
the 213 is where i'm at!
how's everything btw?
:
So excited to see present at NewTech tonight!
Love Karla!
i have about 530 tweets.
Back to back 40 mile weeks.
I'll take it.
My pace gets noticably slower when I run past a house with a grill fired up
Agree, Hm...
Co1st authorship is a sham.....
BUT, what if it's political  must be done?
Congrats to all of you!
Welcome to the world, Jackson!
Go Pack!
Thanks for the mention!
RT Thanks for RTs, chats  faves
If you want it, I'm gonna be Va Va Voom Voom If you got it, you got it You got that boom boom'
Heading out to CONLON's on ABBOTT rd in S Buffalo to hang with for another Qualifying Round of our NASCAR video game tourney!
If love isnt a game, then why are there so many players ?
This hoe swa she gone kill my baby

can we get a quick mention 4 Shoot To Cure event fri nite?
DM ur email addy.
We'll send u the event release.
What's up?
Are you planning to be in GA forever???
Of course!!
Hope you have a great day!
I've always liked REM's irony.
Shiny Happy People?
Me In Honey?
What's the Frequency, Kenneth?
Bandwagon?
Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite?
People around here were pissed about how Ben Affleck made the hood look.
Meanwhile he had an open audition..
SCONES!!!!
booking flight

Happy Bday ;Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?make her shut up , finally ?
She can't stop talking bout ya ;D
When you start looking for a job only because your habit is costly....ur an addict.
e's voice recognition...
RT if you miss Caroline  Tyler scenes
Still havent slept.
Lol!
I guess I'm not light skinned then!
Call me Olive tone!
that was a fun time though..
the second day at least lol..
and sounds like a good idea to me!
...and sorely tempted to black out the various websites I managed.
Which, yes, I could have easily done.
i hate it whn teachers say from all this talking, i assume your done working SHUT UP,from all this complaining, i assume your still single
Pittsburgh firefighters are in the kitchen this morning, turning out some of their cookoff winning chili !
JuliusVEVO ....
Youtube it!
: Beer doctornkers  Domestic, Craft, or Import?
depends who's buying
Great 2 be doctornking beer in the 'Burgh.
Great locals getting it done.
All Saints, Lavery, Helltown, Full Pint, Voodoo  more
has been waking up, off and on, with foot cramps.
This started at 1.30 am.
I would pay dearly for a foot massage.
Me too, tho never really slept after 4.
This will be a long day but a fun one.
RT : Progress always involves risks.
U can't steal 2nd base  keep your foot on 1st Wilcox
Hey Mama, I don't know if I sent that last email to everyone.
I may not have hit reply all.
Grr.
Ok, seriously Erik Spoelstra, put down the Derrick Rose voodoo doll.
We're number 84 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL.
www.reverbnation.com/smitty
If you think regulation of anticapitalist market manipulation and restraint of trade is wrong, then you are anticapitalist
Great to have US Attorney of SD WV Booth Goodwin on Hate Crimes Panel at fairnessWV11 conf with Charleston WV Pol.
Chief Brent Webster
Some kind of light dancing in the distance  Breaking through the night, path of least resistance.
::fran healy::anything::
Up for school already
ahh, Im sorry I never replied yesterday!
: I was at my friends house and wasn't online at all.
sorry
To those men suffering in silence from childhood sexual abuse, let today be the day you talk with someone about it.
You are not alone.
I got a members card.
I feel like might have a warm feeling in his chest from this.
Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king
did that just really happen
watching zoboomafoo with my brother right now ...
this show is the shit!
yeeeaaint bout that life
Thank you Luv!
but why?
couldn't of said it any better myself girl.
Happy to be a part of the NonFarm Payroll report this morning.
phew!
I was hoping a little extra kindness would be the answer.
celebrity on so many levels!
Theres lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they havent the time to enjoy it.
Josh Billings
aww u butch ass nigga u gnna buy a bike ?
The hatred is so real and palpable that even writers from our cities are about to rumble!
vs
Damn I'm hungry as fuck, ima cook something up
speaking of work, did you get me Ever After yet?
Had to turn mine back into library without watching :
just cause yu put syrup on it dnt make it a pancake
Not switching cuz U.S.
Cellular doesnt have the Iphone?
use Double Twist, sync Itunes w/ a Andoctorid phone like the Samsung Galaxy S2
A burrito made by jimmy metrakos 
check out fathead glass.
Nicest stuff in Tucson.
They also own a bar right next door.
Prom was very well ran and great!
Great job and coach Arnold for there long week of hard work!
Students did a awesome job!
Embrace the probability of your imminate death, and know in your heart that there's nothing I can do to save you Haymitch
The BlingQueen herself!
Love this womans style!
I am sure their is no doubt I am not the one...
all joking aside, it is good we can be civil..
Silly questions perhaps: Was Barrett scheduled to be there?
Does sitting Mayor normally attend that?
how was your duran duran podcast!
I tell u something ..
u run and tell someone else what does that make you ??
Happy Mama Day!
I love being a mom!
hell yea!!
Thanks so much :
any idea when bb sked will be out?
If I was to kill BinLaden by sending a bomb to his cave via Who would get the reward money, me or the delivery guy.?
ugh why couldn't my hair have stayed the same way since i got a haircut :
Get money.
Take action.
I moved on from caffeine to guinness.
It's working out pretty well!
:
Marketing your business doesn't need to be difficult  go with what work best for your business,
Wtf what happen to my mos wanted crew and RNG!
No no no
From what I'm hearing, liberals voted for Santorum, either as a goof or to slow Romney's nomination.
It most certainly does!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Do they use it full time?
For devtype stuff?
No complaints?
How are you gonna meet him again?!
and thnx
how tha fuck im gettin cheated on by a girl
Remember, all you need is YOU to believe.
That  hard work, will make any doctoram a reality.
DO IT!
Awesome!
Clothing items are beautiful through an Xray, via
Amen!
The slogan You get what you pay for applies to biz owner...you get the type of client you accept.
Love your work, but in this doctorft I would hope Packers go for Iupati rather than reach for Sapp.
Thompson usually goes BPA
good!
My parents are in nazi mode.
Basically not talking to me.
LOL dang don't move and forget IM.A.GENIUS.PLZ lolol
GREYS ANATOMY IS ON TONIGHT!!!!!!
Tough collapse by the mets in the bullpen and absolutely no second half offense in the thunder game.
are you watching the austream??
Reading a disturbing article in the N.Y.
Times by Trip Gabriel published 11/9.
Welcome new fans.
Thank you for liking my page.
Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.
Don't pick and choose.

OnlineBusiness Tip: When possible set up strategic partnerships.
It can be critical to the success of any small business.
yes :D
And we can put awesome action figures on the cake!
I want gambit nightcrawler thor and iron man.
I hope you guys are taking notes.
:3.
Head on out the door with your travel mug and get a free cup of Joe from today for Earth Day!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Donnie Perkins Rising 9th Shreveport, LA Travel Team: Fair Park High School Shooting Guard 510

Thank you Michael!
Amazing meals and wine in Tuscany with incredible chef
S/O to a new follower and friend Fuck witcha boi iight
2 more weeks till finals!
Means 2 weeks of hell.
Then summerbreak!
do u prefer East coast or West coast?
Today is the day!!
Serve Madison!!!!!
You know what it is.
And like every Friday I can't find my red lipstick.
Enjoying this summer day by the lake with 
Can't get enough of
Match Rule 4: Don't let your first sentence say, I don't want to be cheated on.
I don't feel like paying for your extra checked baggage.
So true!
RT If you dont take care of yourself, you wont be able to take care of anyone else.
Joyce
Pulling a missions with
Lovely event!
Enjoyed the speaker greatly...Congrats to all the winners and those recognized
How did you choose Steve as the hire car's name?
my wife is Styrian.
The 1st time I visited I was blown away by the concept of Jause, with Kren being the absolute peak of flavor.
Y is it so boring
Timeless: Older Mama Alert: You can still rock a mini with the right shoes.
A cute miniskirt should be for the young at heart.
csa12 Reddy: perversity as a limited temporality/zone of emergent practices that cannot conform to cultural forms organizing social sphere
Just wish id doctorwn in my own tears.
is leaving today for Spring Retreat.
Still remember the concert at our fall retreat 2011.
you got it, you got it, bad...
Absolutely a Patriotic Lunatic!
Hope you're watching O'Reilly xtra sanctimonious 2nite!
TalkingPointsThinks!
Prussia tonight in Ann Arbor with Secret Twins, Long Whisker,  Bad Indians!
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less...
Stay tuned!!!!!
Rainline Live dates coming soon..
We can't wait to play some new stuff for all of you..
It will blow you away......
THE PENIS ICE LUGE IS BACK AND READY TO BE SUCKED ON!!!!!
you already know!
time to skype now!:
Ron Paul won Jackson County, so your input would've been superfluous, no?
Can't wait to Jersey turnpike with tonight.
Today I was being ignored by a couple people !
If was chief spokesmen for the republicans I think they'd have a chance this November...
Great job w/
I need to mentally taste everything, calm the fk down, stop pressuring me  browsing Internet pizza delivery
If it's Monday, we're at Duff's garage tonight for Live The Sidecars will perform.
See you at 7 on KGW Newschannel 8.
I love Chris Broussard he knows what he's talking about hell always have the heats back
man i miss getting greeted by everywhere
Screw it, I'm just going to say it: I love Facebook and I love and I think this deal is wonderful for both of them.
At bigs burger joint with my brother!
THANK YOU!
My office phone has only rung once today.
Weird.
I FINALLY FOUND YOUR TWITTER!
3333
It's hard to create humor because of the unfair competition from the real world.
Peter's Almanac
If anyone is doctorving, don't go on 40th or 117th...traffic is backed up like a mf'er..
Testing my twitter feed.
We will see if it works.
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
Coach Huber talks with Amobi Okoye on FOX Sports 1620am tomorrow at 7:30am about upcoming mission trip to Nigeria.
Tough editors!
RT : Newspaper created sons  daughters at JAWisconsin BizTown.
I was interviewed.
Didn't make the cut.
U have to Remeber the people in life that make you soo important and dont forget to appricate them cause once their gone u want no REGRETS
All these Mother's Day commercials with cute babies break my heart, omg.
I can't wait to start giving a shit.
i support my people though and I like personal invites dammit
yup lol last I heard u were out of town, thanks...u had a boy too?
RT : Highly recommend that you all follow  innovative, creative, and has the pulse of Newark.
Thx!
oh ok!!
Haha.but there's like rapist  stuff on that show.
Does she know what that is?!
haha be careful what you wish for...!!
when do classes resume?
My Duetsche ist nicht so gut Janina but I wanted to say Danke Schon for you following me!
Have a lovely day!
:
Really, you can never complain about new sounds by Carrie Underwood.
My son got a letter from municipal court.
I assumed he got a ticket, but it was a jury duty summons  whew!
He who is pregnant with evil and conceives trouble gives birth to disillusionment.
Psalm 7:14
who needs those friends anyways i got plenty more  D; lol
Looking for great tshirt manufacturers with heavy weight broken in fabric!
I already told my mother I wanted to!
Besides after tomorrow, this year is shit!
looking forward to following your tweets and learning from you
yes really
RT  MIAMI IN DECEMBER FOR THE EAGLES VS DOLPHINS GAME THEM IAM RIGHT BACK DOWN THEIR FOR NEW YEARS EVE
groovy new year to all
: I followed you back....So does this mean you think I'm certifiable?
Ha, ha!
Well on your way!!
going offline today; don't miss these great shows this week: Benny Goodman; Wicked Divas; Gospel
Hiss.
How

are you live streaming sxsw?
Our school is buying from local organic farms now for veggies and eggs.
Longest lines for fresh made to order sandwiches/salad.
RemoveOneLetterFilms Lash of the Titans
yes, my office used to be the microfilm room.
no, you cannot study in here.
Lol RITE...
Thats all that Counts.,
I finally got my metrosurvey at Farragut North tonight!
I'll be filling it out tonight!
Thanks to for hosting another amazing event last week.
shout out to for the list of great curators on Twitter
love you
I hate waiting on a bus.
Microsoft39;s Office Live Small Business Closing Today
Oh wait, I'm thinking about Avatar  the last airbender, not your Avatar.
I think M.
Night is making the live action Airbender.
Breathtaking views!
Luxury Golf Vacations in China, Scotland, South Africa, France, Spain  more!
www.FreeXpedia.com
puts me up a tree
16 days 3 Monday's left
This can not stand...!
Do not be proud and arrogant with yourr knowledge.
listening now...
God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers and clouds and stars.
That one song you hate now because it reminds you of someone
lame kid no wonder you go to sleep at 2
I have parents fall asleep in the waiting room at my office all the time.
Now I get it.
I told you that tho.
Both LA  Memphis is not beating the Spurs
Yes, it's true.I grew up around a majority of the famous iconic music celebs that most idolize!My subconcious was privy to their highs/lows
Many thanks for the mention.
I went shopping today with my cousin!
:
Made the flight and have said flask and Wendy's in hand.
Thanks for the help everyone esp
It's the beginning of the end bro...
i resemble this remark!
; and true you are
these rice chips isfuckin bomb Dit come m
what is it?
The link doesn't work
Had our annual year end celebration last night!
So fun to see everyone doctorssed up and celebrate everyone's hard work!
It's been a fun year!
you're fine.
I love you too brotha from anotha mutha lol
I WANT HIM TO FOLLOW ME PLZZZZZZZZZZZ
Y does my lil bro think every one is his cuz
People would know me at school as, That one trill bitch with the eye patch.
oh yeah oops
i should probably stop tweeting.
Keeping 's page open to see what funny thing he tweets next
Ha!
Q: is sharing always intentional?
What about sharing via humming earworms stuck in your head?
SO THIS BITCH.
The start of an amazing story
FBI: More than 300,000 could lose Web access by July
Don't stop believing is playing in this store.
Yep, I'm pumped.
vinny please come to Iowa ?
I'd love that .
Marry Me ?
Book lovers you'll want to follow
Finish strong !
Finish strong!
er, 1930.
Yes.
makes handmade raw vegan chocolates you have to taste to believe!
Tasting  The Chocolate Library tomorrow  4:00!
Bday in a week N I'm thirsty 
Just bought your new song from iTunes.
nice tweet.
I was hungover until 1pm that day, then went straight to TOTS myself, and asked my ex gf to be my girlfriend that day.
So special.
This one is for my kids ...so true!!
I love randy travis.
Country legend!
Forever and ever amen.
Happy mothers day boo.
Give the babies a kiss for me  RT : Happy mothers day
Mostly the contrast between NFL/NCAA
you can borrow mine.
I have class.
: Did he really just tweet that to me????
Yes he did
saw GirlwiththedoctorgonTattoo last night  pretty good, although definitely disturbing
I'll file a request!
I'm working on that team now.
: Why are there packets of Mayo in my purse??
I have pictures to show you why.
Only if you have your gun with you.
if u email melissa I can add u to our email list and forward u the deets
Friday  Day of Tragedy Rev.
Randy G.
Vaughn of Port Arthur, TX I hope to see you at noon!
Come back
The Big Cabin in the Woods
'young adult' was good : Any great movies out now that we should try to see today?
A pen and paper, stereo a tapa, me and Eric B.
and nice big plate of ..FISH..which is my favorite dish..
Even though it's different now, you're still here somehow.
hey love you wanna hang out today?
We are getting REAL ambitious with this church music
I wanna hear jc talk on the radio.
ILL NEVER CLOSE MY EYES AGAIN!!
Thanx!!
Burton Baton is on its way.
They routinely pull up and sit in front of our house to catch stop sign runners in our 'hood.
Same feeling.
:
act like a lady, think like a man is legit the best movie i've ever seen
I agree!
Above all  try to think about sorts of public functions that libraries continue to play.
A form of socialty.
: If you could pay your A insurance bill via text message  would you do it?
chevy cruze  it's new to the US...what do you think?
wahh rain go away
Lightss Down Low , Time 2 Get Naughty , ;
Thanks to Cari Guittard for her words on GlobalEngagement  CitizenDiplomacy RT Say it square, then add flair.
Troll2 doesn't affirm your creative failure.
For best results, the ADA recommends that you replace your toothbrush every 34 months.
Whens the last time you replaced yours?
is that pie on the plate?
;
Music is going Great!
About to hit the studio to record some original music.
The beach  RT : I don't know why everyone hates Corpus, I actually really love this place
next is motorcross dirtbike it this saturday
RT : Neg emotions might be stronger in the moment, pos emotions win out over time bc they let you build on what you have...
my collection of tour shirts!
One of my biggest problems is that a PDF link is running over into a heading and I cannot separate the two no matter what I try.
Amazing films, the three of them
don't you know hipsters love slushies and big gulps?
Needs to buy daddy's present!!!
Little girl in the laundoctor mat spittin Nikki M.
lyrics with all of the curse words  the mom is yellin  her for not sittin down puzzled?
and Don Alcott are just about the best dinner companionss you could have in Boston at eleven.
Trust me.
I am a mother.
Today is my day.
Keep it low and slow homies.
Kay One 
Is still talking about his shopping experience?
The best promotions are those that give you your own cushy parking spot
me to!!
haha
Landed that bartending job?
You arent done yet!
Familiarizing yourself with the bar early will make you look like a pro.
RT Congratulations to the men of on their chartering banquet this weekend!
my new single is released this week.
I can get you an MP3 if you like.
Just email me at .
The current gospel has become a gospel of sin management.
Transformation of life  character not part of redemptive message: Willard
so far a much better day today!
yuppz, and do you think i should write more chapters?
Watching sixth sense!
mehh:.
I can saw them everyday at school , cause they like chatting with me at school  haha some guys r so handsome but not my boyfriend haha
He is not here; he has risen, just as he said.
That's a Giants TD.
RT : :::.
I've got exciting news that you guys will find out soon;!!!!!
Go tell us!!
Don't tease us please!
Saw captainin America Oh I mean The Avengers for the second time but I wasn't high so I could focus this time lol!
I loves it.
Chris Evens 
Power remains out at Ott ES  Luna MS.
is onsite now.
All childoctorn are safe and will be fed lunch.
No plans for dismissal.
One of my fav episodes of PT's Fool Uswhen Canada's world champion magician Shawn Farquhar really blew them away..
A great TV moment!
84 degrees today.
Wow.
check phone3
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I read it on examiner.
face down ass up
This is
No badda with no new shit...You have to finish what you have started.
And no text and doctorve, you must put the cell on pause and enjoy life.
The world burns while our leaders fiddle.
x
At home chillin;
Watching Americas got talent and I'm not really impressed yet.
I have no room to talk though lol :
I can and I will.
Khaleesi
congratulations to Jeannie L.
of Darcy Bonner and Associates LLC!
You are the winner of our Neocon Ernie Table Raffle
Some little kid just said Peace out niggas.
our bus doctorvers black!
HAHAHAHA.
Sorry to see your outstanding series end.
As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community.
Great 5 years.
streetshit well of course I smoke mad weed I'm on my high horse!
HonestyNight if i wasnt in a relationship i would have been moved to another state
If i have two accounts, and I change the new one to my old name, does everything transfer?
Oh yeah, I heard a joke today!
What do you call a black guy on the moon?
An astronaut you racist bastard!
hi sweetie!!!
that kiss doe....
LightSquared teams with Soundtracker; PlayBook doctorps to 200 Quick news from around the Web.
: Windows Phone Marketplace in
Spreadsheets love you.
RT I love spreadsheets
i took a nice long nap :
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends.
To warm our hearts with love.
hi edward!!!
Damn boo.i was sleep like shit.i b having to get up early and shyt.u betta call me tonight tho tank head
Civil Rights Digital Library as of today partner w/ 130 organizations
Leave it to me to forget such an important and exploitable fact.
Jus left schl i gt nun to do
We think alot of GT's playmakers this season will be young guys who haven't hit the stage yet.
Congrats to mister Peters.
Use it baby.
: Using hoot suite thanks to
Would U Rock Our Gear If We Sent U Some??
Let Me Out
where the fat girls at son???
I got 2 chunky ones on speed dial we need 3 more!!!
gr8 convo with and about fashion, style, pricing, thrifting, accessories, vintage, shopping, and swagg yesterday!
Thanks for joining me this morning.
Good luck up north!
I hate to be critical especially concerning childoctorn, but it is fruited NOT fruitful plain.
Seriously.
So sick of school.
Just wanna throw congrats from 100 words and running to this...
your such an inspiration homie Ohio truly looks up to you
The original Dance Moms is so addicting  even though the moms act so childish 
We now have a separate account just for our FIT fans!
Check us out at !
THAT'S WHY I LOVE YOU!
Thoughts on the BlackBerry Mobile Fusion announcement?
Step 1 of BB becoming an enterprise software play only?
Derrrrrrrrp, I have a meeting at work tomorrow.
But I have Saturday School.
Maybe I won't go.
The bordetella?
I had something in my nose but it was for something else I think.
the look
thanks for the RT!
:
Aventura mall with Ashley ;
Dallas won, give em credit, shut up about the Heat already
Wishing Everyone A Beautiful New Years this coming 2012 With lots of LOVE And many opportunities for everyone to Enjoy
Attending due process state training....boring:
Thanks for the info!
I'd hate it if it was 5x a day, but since it's over 10 it makes me wanna move to Canada or something
I had no idea Nicole Kidman was born here in Honolulu.
You learn new things everyday.
Thanks FX DVD on TV.
So informational
It's unfortunate that many science oriented disciplines charge so much for publications.
Things need to change desperately.
and we just got back from the San Diego Christian Business Expo too.
The enemy is trying to shut us down.
ain't gonna happen!
we just go done we will be from 2 to 7
hows things going w your company?
Smile fellow Tweeps, it's FRIDAY!
Just finished practice for our doctormmer is playing hurt.
Should be interesting
Has your employer requested or required that you work more than forty hours per week and failed to pay you overtime pay?
I approve RT I would kill for the Nats crowd to just start chanting Let's go Devils!
right now.
I'm a superfreak !!!
Shoutie to I love your bio, and I ate some of it :3 oops
Yes!
It was nice to meet you as well.
I think clo is pms'y
Big free throws
haha good thing!
Twitter won't let me dm you my new number
I'm for suing ESPN for allowing Around The Horn to remain on the air.
If you're in elpaso tonight  want to hear one of the greatest hard rock chicks ever, go see Kat Tyler at Hidoctornt at 9 pm
They will choose the people and write the info.
Most said they like having them up around the room this year.
Need more.
That is the sad state of affairs we find ourselves in...
The annual state renewal of the doctoram Farm corporation is currently due.
Please contact
Love Football and Baseball all at the same time!!
Your capacity to lead is directly related to your capacity to grow CLA2012 Mark Miller
Oh ya uindy softball.
Keep it up!!!
When the number 1 power starts wars all over the world and even threatens its allies if they don't go along.
Laker time baby
Yeah he just needs to be himself.
He won't win the fans but he will still get respect for being the best player in the league
that's right, Kristian Berg at is collecting ideas and they'll decide what to include this summer, I think.
we saw it, too!
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Chinese proverb
Oh haha!
Well that sucks !
I've seen 9 dead deer carcasses this morning.
They are losing the fight.
loved him as Burt!
Yeah that's yo baby mamma but her numbers in my Andoctorid
Now I'm just an ordinary blue collar slob, but I know what I like on tv!
Homer
You could take the train to Richmond.
Can it be summer break again , please ?
Met Camp Coyote dweller who was against the Yale Park move.
He reasoned it's not freedom of assembly if you have to fill out paperwork 1st.
It's 2 months away, but I'm really looking forward to my Maine vacation.
Seriously needing to go off duty.
Google Places is your budget planner: it provides you with a price range so you can easily bring enough money with no worries.
Contrary to what Brenda told the electrician, she and Jan are not sister wives.
Thyroid article by doctor Beck www.ftl.naturalawakeningsmag.com/
your new ringtone on my phone is Radio.
My default is Telephone :
Odor, as well?
Latest twist in the AQAP bomb plot story is fascinating.
US intelligence monitoring from within w/ a doubleagent informant
but darlin' you are the only exception...
Woke up to a bulb randomly falling from my bedoctorom fixture, bouncing on the bed, scaring the cat, and shattering on the floor.
That was odd.
Wasn't that the Grateful Dead's biggest hit?
Food Truckin'?
some moose tracks for real!
:
lady gagaawesome,beyonceamazing,pinkspectacular
had to have been ...
just let it happen
Chilly but beautiful.
Great morning for Golf with the Boys!
In Thee Middle Of Nowhere I Just Feel So Alone nicki
It's so hard not to be in DC right now.
I have to start tagging along with !
WhenAustin asks how our day is.
I like my Hauppauge but there's another out that looks hot an actually uses HDMI cables instead of composite.
Is every girls favorite color purple now?
Wtf.
lol  I love blonds but he is just too much.
Plus his name is creepy.
Its like he is from central casting destined to do weather
can't wait to see you at the end of this month!
Love ya babes!
There's a lot more to writing blowjob jokes than admitting to a bunch of people you suck dick.
You actually need to have sucked some dick.
jhudc how do you stay authentic in SM?
J.
Ivy is quite possibly THE coldest lyricist of our time.
gettin ready to hit this block forest ln.
audielia
My pleasure!
Thank you for everything that YOU do!
:
When all your practices get rained out....
Smh
Best Prices in Miami Call The Shave Barbershop N Find Out 3058661940
Let's get some runs.
Jesus.
Had a great 1st day at Tcamp12.
Looking forward to tomorrow!
I'm relevant ten years from now.
Unbelievable 2 months Ben!
You made it even more exciting  nerve racking.
Well done  congrats lads!
Meeting with the South Austin Dems!
Can't wait for TV Party tonight at !!
10pm sponsored by  you're invited.
I love everything he's ever done.
he's an awesome singer and a great person
we're about to get shit on my Mother Nature.
hold onto your asses people, it's gonna get sketchy up here.
i just gave my pet ostrich a bath
I did pretty well on that last test, I can feel it :
Come down to One Up for Dance Party Monday!!
Come show your skills on XBox and Kinect.
Win prizes and experience ABQ's premier night spot.
deals thanks for following
It is ok if he makes me feel giddy...
that is what love is
Thx for the love!
Enjoy your Friday!
Love so joyfully and freely given can never be taken away.
It is never truly gone
Camping food has never been so good!
Bridgford ready to eat sandwiches for an on the trail lunch.
Check camp food at Outdoors Geek!
Breathe!
Just gave my presentation on AEPMobile at ChartwellWMCI.
Now I can sit back and take in all the other great speakers.
tired of all these rest in peace shirts da police suppose to protect us but they killen anybody wit a hoody and a Arizona lord plz save us
HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!
I had a good Easter ever though i was alone.
I hope everyone else did to :
Hey Johnny, do you do the St Paul record show?
Limbaugh Flap Is Latest Proof of Talk Radio's Political Influence  Huffington Post
Hi cmic, thanks for following!
Yo your next shoe is gonna be 300 dollars??
Am I at a frat party or at the
Follow me?
That's your excuse?
Why do you have multiple tweets to people talking about god and athiests?
I can see it, dumb ass.
RT : Make your description appealing and use key terms.
nope not yet...
so sad :
SXSW rocked!
Thanks to  Howlin Wolf for the great day  off to Houston for a St Patty's show 2nite
King Felix strikes out six in four shutout innings vs.
Rockies.
Must have thought it counted.
the question is what type of visits are they?
THANKYOU VERY MUCH!
racist ass ugly bitch.
Fuck everything and everyone!
10,000 people have 's back tonight.
That has to be a good feeling.
Get it to VENOM Seattle tonight!
birthday party and the last night for FOLLOWFRIDAYS  OPEN BAR AT 10PM for 1 HOUR ONLY!
21
Word.
RT In 2.5 hours I could be a millionaire ...
did you read the news about the Encyclopaedia Britannica?
We were just talking about this last week!!
Being a musician means you like attention.
Some don't know the limit of attention tho
Good point.
gonna have to pay attention to that.
: 
Since i cant chew i have to let my cereal sawg...man i love chewing my cereal..lol
Shout out to for being in the military!!
thank u
So , im about to do my hw ..
WebCamWindow TShirt Contest!
Take a guess at what we're doing next.
HINT: It's serious stuff.
Tweet us your answers!
RT Please!
I wouldn't dip it in the chlorine right away if I were you.
How are you at headabovewater swimming?
Shit early in the morning  uncles truck will not start.
Man is he pissed, he will miss the delivery.
any tips or articles for making business cards for actors?
Thanks!
Well said : As a Pennsylvanian,always found the Paterno worship unnerving,as if it were a football program w/ a school attached.
Sitting at Windows Cafe with , guy walk by and says Your my candidate, your the best one running!
aw such good times!
What fitness achievements are on your bucket list?
Hit up asap!
RT : i need a logo quick as shit
Ju ju just like we own it...
on a full mixing ravin for stay tuned ronnie rans!
We run this town...
should be favorites for indy next year again, interesting to see who OC is.
lol I'm on the floor.
So what's a guy got to do to get off the wait list and into the party?
:
SHE WONT KNOW WHAT SHE LOST UNTIL SHE CAN NEVER GET IT BACK...
But we both know it's awkward that way.
Seeing kevin iscoa on the way home :
I hope to talk to you at CW about our shared research interests!

RT : Why would Ebanks take off his jersey?
it's not even sweaty.
Holy humidity!
I forgot what this feels like.
Hello big hair.
pahahaha I know the feeling
The Packers gave up a conditional seventhround pick for Anthony Smith.
they are
I love anime, books, mangas, sleeping, German Shepherds, and money
Wait!
It's still Christmas vacation!
Stupid alarm!
ABC in Orlando is showing chick flick instead of and I am sad.
I'm stayin on my grizzy I'm a bonafide...
Good morning beautiful
Today is all about the Lawyer Dog :
Trust yourself.
You know more than you think you do and you know better what the best for you...
Goodmorining
i hate nosy MF's
Happy to see Epiphany hasn't become too commercialized.
follow me back!
How's the show?
More pics.
If gas prices get any higher, I'm cutting a hole through the floor of my car and Flintstoning it!
Why is Packing so Stressful?
ugh.
Want the newest information about Imaginary Talent?!
Go to our website www.imaginarytalent.net Its updated almost every two days!
I think the A's will be blown away when the see a sell out crowd since they can't get those at home
The sound of clickety clacking knitting needles is strangely satisfying.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation.
Francois De La Rochefoucauld
stevie wonder  prince : concert of bercy 2010
I spent most of the morning looking for my phone...
Haha mine too!
Tonite it's gonna be crazy !
At Phuket Ron browz performing
If everyone is thinking alike...
Then somebody isn't thinking.
1st floor tix for scissor sisters at HOB already sold out : womp womp
Just finished my research paper :O ...tired
a gentle reminder that this is Fla, where almost nothing stays under wraps.
Does anyone know if TweetAttacks is a legitimate Twitter App or a spammer?
Thx.
I feel like I need a after that lunch.
Do what you like
Any kind of potato chip or fried food is bad for you?
WTF!???
Damn, the Hawks got rolled...
the night has started :P
Isn't the cutest?
We need a cougar on campus, that's all I'm saying.
My nana takes her wig off when she gets doctornk
It's time fa some good ole fashion seafood gumbo!
thanks momma!
Tip 118: 3b, 4b, 5b, and 6b'ing light is an art form that takes a lot of practice.
It is completely unnecessary in low/mid buy ins.
Welcome to the game Jordan Taylor Badgers 3229
i dnt play games but if i happen to be into one burner to his melon jus my version of temple run
Brain is in overload trying to follow both!
Hope you enjoy Takeout  Delivery!
Keep us posted on what you think
Great game last night, especially
Damage to my car tripled and will take twice as long to fix.
If I find the woman who did this
Ice cream would be lovely rite now :
Join us on sunday April 22..
from 69pm at the Market Square..
we will perform live....
Fiesta San Antonio 2012
When I have kids they aren't getting Sprint..
God I wish I would've switched to Verizon 
6.
It will cost between 20M and 25M to leave the ACC  we have no idea where that money would come from.
FSU's President Eric Barron
See you there!
RT : Prairie Love is so excited to spend next weekend with you.
Alabama is coming to town!
Bounce Exchange will create a better user experience  more  for publishers by monitizing bounce traffic
I failed :
Another surreal pdx moment seeing Menomena on Jimmy Fallon moments ago!Huzzah to Danny for representing the blazers.
menomenaut rctid :
Did any states besides Colorado try to pass antibusing/school deseg constitutional amendments?
hybrid?
so far they're gonna take a bit to get used too lol super thick!!
Lol but nice..
Let me be clear!
Grace produces bold, passionate, committed disciples!
When you're preoccupied with Jesus you will not want to sin!
Hearings for Baltimore City Fire Department and will be broadcast live on
it's highly possible that we could be of assistance :.
Even for a browns fan.
Will call you later today.
icantwaitfor my chance to get my license!
I thought Backstreets Terry was a dude, too.
OCTI trying to go for round two, no bid support though....
yay!!!!
Faction of fools!
in san Diego i lived there until I was 3 years old...then I moved to Seattle.
Yup!
Thank you for all you do, and keep us in mind if you are looking for publicity.
OWIF: I jumped the CTA turnstile and am trying to make it to Richard the Former Law Student's apartment.
No sign of the posse.
Think you're reading too much into itmaybe he's just the primary policy holder/falcon decision maker?
DP10 much more overt
wait ive already been There done that.
They Love phuckin wit a youngstas mind forget that idea
Nice!!!
I hope it's still there if I pass through
Great screening of The Way tonight.
Got to talk to Emilio Estevez about our experiences on the Camino Santiago
: Guy: Bet you can't touch both your elbows to your belly button Girl: Yes I can Does it Guy stares at boobslucus 
Happy RecordStoreDay!
The line outside of MTheory is around the corner of the block.
I'm so beautiful lol
Shot a 68 on Oakland Hills North Course yesterday.
Apple Pushers.
Great movie about green carts in NY, healthy eating, and pursuing the American doctoram
Make sure you're checking out PRSSA chat right now to connect with PR pros and students from across the country!
It will all work out in the end.
And if it hasn't worked out...it isn't the end.
Im going to Hades if i sit by carmen again, lol its funny tho in church Lt
Wow!
250 million tweets per day.
What's all the chatter about?
What do you tweet most about?
whatsallthechatter?
: I knew I liked u immediately !
smartass.
: 
Bulls tonight!!!
Let's make it 20!!!
Anyone extremely sad at the moment since wizards is now over ?
raises hand /': saddest moment of my life !
shut up!!!
Thanks for the compliments I'll direct message you my email addy
who is tamistern?
Did u know if u stop moving ur lips it increases the chance of shutting up?
:
you'll have to come to this great state and indulge!
Dearmama I love you so much!!!!!!!
Humble yourself.
Learn something today: Arrogance leads to strife, but wisdom is gained by those who take advice.
Proverbs 13:10
Ditto and ditto.
RT : Lurking on the assnchat  Wondering what the topic is today?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!!
Thankful for so much this year.
I've never had such a lengthy gratitude list!
:
HEY BALTIMORE DUMPSTER DIVERS THERE IS A GIANT SONY TEEVEE ON WEST SIDE 800 BLOCK PARK AVE LOOKING FOR A HOME
I like funny guys.
They're so cute
Bout to head to downtown houston!!
So I blocked P.F Changs but their spam still comes through.
I bet something in regards to CBA spinnin a anniversary special for Brass is doable.
Just a hunch.
R.I.P.
Dick Clarck!!!
great name.
congrats to you and Brit and big brother!
Happy nurses Week!
The atmosphere at the studio tonight  I love my dance family so much.
SpursNation, who ya'll want in the next round...Memphis or Clippers?
If only I had a photographic memory
getting ready for cali.
bet those are not cute
Just finished an awesome short with director Chris Dockens...today and tomorrow modeling with Live on Sunset and Glamorous Light
you're listening to the wrong country music!
At the vet with Barqs to find out why her tummy is sick.
She is NOT amused!
M  M are BORED and fur is flying.
hack
Rolling out a new brand at Maestro  check it out at www.maestroelearning.com.
temporary website before the big one.
what do you think?
Good luck to you too!
Keep in touch
your the cat's meow
Well this is a first....woken up by a minivan on fire on the street outside my room.
Dont worry, I called 911 before tweeting.
Congrats to all the Panther Students graduating today.
Cheers.
What Show ?
Clearly my sobriety causes faster twittering.
N da last person gets on my nerves wen she Call she just too much
I have thee most cussing family bless their hearts.
Just FBombs galore smh!
Wedding Editing.
x2
I know it gets hard sometimes, but I could never leave your side, no matter what I say.
keep carrying the flame!
never doubt the big 10...especially PURDUE.
Ugh, today is the day of the creepizoids.
Shout Out To All My Followers!!!!
Thank You .
Duane2U.
calm your panties now
Totes on Twitter?
Thanks for the RT!
you'd love Seattle  typically cooler up there
GET THE FUCK OUT SMITH!
YOU COCK SUCKING PIECE OF SHIT.
Hey, Gun People!
A question: if you knew that giving up your gun would bring a dead boy back to life, WOULD you?
Yes or no.
The Bob Howard Toyota Tent Sale will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Never to young to cuddle with your 2 week old boyfriend in public
Its interesting how my life has turned out.
Wat if shannan was never born?
Wat if I never broke my collar bone?
Wat if I didn't go 2 seton?
I always cut my bangs uneven, and the only person to ever notice is my mother.
suck tht man dick n tha passenger seat
was it the two or four legged kind?
heartattack no76887458 ...
hey man!
It's Weston from Auburn!
Hope all is well.
Check out our stuff!
I'm trying, but woe is we who teach English Language Arts.
Our students don't write a single word.
professorciency based on bubbles
man I am not feeling school tomorow this is the time to start,
Guys, what does 'ratchet' mean?
The water must be infected for people to be turning without contact from walkers, only thing I can think of.
playing with google wave!!!
Had too much to read for far too long; new books go to back of the line.
But I'll make an exception  , right this way, sir
nah, but I was in the building : Was that you Fitz?
I couldn't remember.
what's going?
Check out my music wwwkingbabajames.com thank u so much.
save me now cause im falling down...
Neighbor called me trash after disagreeing on a political thing.
Before saying I was trash, he said I believe in God I'm praying for him.
Busy day ahead teaching at The Young Actor's Program at The Lee Strasberg theater Institute.
Testament to the fans RT : Interesting how many lawmakers start their Vikings remarks this way: I support a stadium, but.....
: Take care, luv!
I sent it 3
That's not fair.
I envy your social skills.
My difficulty with public speaking for large auds keeps me away from leadership.
Paid for my first semester of college yesterday.
Whew.
Shake your grove thing with Barry Manilow  the Copa Call Me Barry
I'm not even going to weigh tomorrow.
I blew it today.
That article cracked me up AND introduced me to a new term.
WinWin I'm good.
Relaxing in Ft Myers, FL at the moment.
How are you?
I got 4 days and the school still got my phone , dm me your number
To all the girls I've lubed before.
Who travelled in and out my door.
I'm glad they came along, I dedicate this song...
Just booked 2 jobs for next week.
Good things come in 3's so I suppose I'm gonna have to kill that audition later...
imaluckygirl : 
You don't send a man to do a woman's job.
I NEED
Leontyne Price I am here and you will know that I am the best and will hear me.
kids Heard Summer Nature Camps Registration at Heard Natural Science Museum  Wildlife Sanctuary, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Explore the wonders...
Congrats Kerry!!
onfire RT : YAY!!!
!!
SCANDAL renewed for a 2nd season!
Thanks for yalls' support!
Sugar  Spice.
Season 6, I think.
Caution: contains unflattering 80s wardoctorbe items.
Fuckers stole my swamp cooler
They work for me as long as its not used everyday.
do u know how much u mean to me, I mean can u tell LOL
Caps had lots more opportunities than the Rangers, and controlled the pressure in the 1st and 2nd OT.
If my boss asked me where I was Tuesday and I said, I don't know, I'd be under heavy scrutiny  on the verge of being fired.
Hate it when you make a really good dinner and u sit the plate down and hubby says his tummy hurts.
dude.
I pick up after my dog.
Post a picture of yourself on Instagram.
Lose followers.
toosexyforya?
thanks cuz...the shocks starting to wear off.
It's blue day today.
finally!
Waiting for Rep Buesgens' comments....how soon until he throws in Members
futuristic apocalypse short film
Good morning everyone...Coughing or have itchy eyes from brush fire smoke?
Tune in to find out where the ash and embers are heading today.
Hey, I am in town from Tokyo for customer dev.
and fund raising for Hope to see you while I am in SF!
Is it really better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?
Helton is a god!!
lol I see n im moving to mesquite
: I love that twitter toughguys think that u care  they get a RT..stay in the interesting business w/ smart radio.
Tattoo night was AMAZING
He'll be a freshman nxt year.
Wow he was 6 last time I saw him.
smh at my ddy
Be sure 2 check in on FourSquare 4 loyalty  GrouponNow deals
Sick of getting screwed over
just went in to get lunch
i don't want to sleep at all but i think i'm going to just because it's chilly out and i have absolutely nothing else to do
Hi benjamin, can I help?
Feel free to DM me if you would like me to put you in touch with someone in support at Dell.
Early going 44 cappers posted with a cons in Un.76ers  Devils...Cons 40 yes and now 121 last 4 days..more to come
Vegas in 13 days I am excited
she still hasnt tweeted though :
Haha, they're playing Best Love Song  Tpain ft.
Chris Brown LOVE IT!
30 minutes to the art showing 'Her Grapes' featuring Chelsea Dixon  Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar
Happy New Year!
The mystery continues to unfold!
www.rocketrobinson.com
your professorle picture is smexyyy;
RT : Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks.
Gettng my hair cut later.
Just remotely removed obsessing entity from stylist so I can relax unmolested while there.
Really good hair cuts!
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight!
No excuses, its heart healthy!
How do you top your baked potato, ?
pretty new picta
Happy Valentines Tweeters!
all men are the same way webster.
Words to live by Webby.
Words to live by.
Good luck!
I just NOW got mine back...
Thinking of  hope you are killing it in your race today!
Dear State of Maryland, next time I'll order Talisker.
Sincerely, Seth
Keep your enemies close   the one you love closer
Almost time, sitting in car waiting for my signal.
Omg amazing!
The harder I work on my chess, the luckier I get.
Samuel Goldwyn
I'm prepping for tonight!
Look forward to seeing you Saturday!
:
The moment you realize that you fell in love with someone you should've never fallen for.
Cloud Computing is not a technology  it's an operations model.
Yep they are amazing..
Even when i doctoram of you , i dont wanna fall a sleep b/c i miss you babe , and i dont wanna miss a thing.
I might really cry :
come play ball on wednesdays at the YMCA on Sothwestern blvd.....mike jasper and dwan edwards play all the time
The clock says 2:00.
But I read it as 10 hours till Avengers.
more like where's inspector clue so??
Hi !
Enjoy the tweets!
yes!
We are planning on filming and posting videos.
Where r u based btw?
Aww!!!
Just saw the most touchin moment on you can tell rye rye is real!
Yessir RT : His slave name will always be Ron Artest
That was a fun game to watch, I think the mavs only missed 3 shots in the 1st
Aw I look you look cute...
I mean we totally look crazy, but cute crazy ;
No way!
Actually there are lots of great usable band names being generated here.
Possibly!
Either way I'm definitely taking pictures of it.
Where TRUTH doesn't reside, neither does progress.
JT Gregory
For me life is continuously being hungry.
The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to live, but to move forward, to go up, to conquer.
RT : Kids need to learn to put their ideas out in positive effective ways in SM.
Not just throwing up images.
model it!
Fucking did good on that algebra test c:
RT : Jazz fan?
Join us for the chance to meet Bob Craig, the WRTI host of Big Band Jazz and Voices of Jazz....
I'm really glad you guys didn't give up on AVP, this new album is great!
:
thanks for the mention!
Great to see our workshop on the big screen.
my girl just said she luv me wat do i do
Long day, late night Korean food here I come
I think your clothes selection is pretty decent!
RT : RT : To join in the Twitter conversation this weekend use bookfest  books hashtags.
We can't wait 2 see everyone
Where Your Grace is your Favor will be also......
I know it's your bday but no hulahooping until that hip is healed.
are gonna need you for the playoffs.
I'm gonna kill myself working every day this week...Saturday get here soon please
so pumped for DJam on Saturday!!
Can't wait to have you back in pittsburgh again!
Thanks for makin it happen.
A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy,  his owner beats him.
by about 10000, I'd say.
In one week I'll be enjoying Atlantic Beach.
Give me sun, sand, and a tan.
I just want you all to myself.
People don't believe in me
When I try to look like a pretty little girl I can't, I find it really difficult, like I become dumb ..
fuuuckkkk lmao dam I needed a haircut lol back when you was so cute with yo glasses n shitttt :p
Special thanks to Tim Waller on 's staff  Reid Adair of for helping us with practice at Bartow Arena today!
Alicia keys : Who told Swizz he can rap yo?!??
welcome back!!!
I was so pumped bout eventual Heat/Bulls final.
Now the NBA playoffs have lost their luster cuz of one injury.
Oddly enough, I think I've been to Qatar ...
but I can't be entirely certain.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Looking forward to seeing everyone this week!
I guess I just don't deserve it
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11?
All proceeds will go to charity.
Can you help with a RT?
Trying to work through this hangover with the help of Bon Iver.
Book me for a live PT/FT Balto/DC/SATRAD or for voicetracking worldwide to help make this pitch disappear.
Working hard as usual home by 6 couch by 630 and flyers by 7 so ready
You have the opportunity to meet people doing the same thing as you are from all different walks of life....
Least valuable stat ever?
MT : Last 100 yrs, 3 horses w/ 3 word name won Preakness.
Doesn't bode well for I'll Have Another.
You know how you and your friends are fighting over that guy?
Well, he doesn't give a fxck, he's with another girl laughing at you lol..
yeah and I'm sure the QB has had nothing to do with that.
Lol I think you're in for a pleasant surprise
Spending time focusing on customers rather then competitors  words from the wise.
Come on out for our last session!
Loved LIGHT.
Can I ask: what was structural reason for making Kearney such an antihero?
It works, but I don't know why.
Right?!
RT : glad to see the interviews were salvageable even though wasn't being very professorssional
Great win in game one, crew....now let's go Pack!!!
Make this another perfect weekend in Wisconsin!!!
vegan it is!
Good night I'm outtie 
If I make it through this day alive, it will be a miracle.
Bien sur!
Do you guys have a favorite StGermain  tequila cocktail?
Dad is great!
Give us the chocolate cake!
Makes me laugh even harder now that I am a father myself!
I agree.
I really like the idea of a bit of food and conversation afterward too.
lol u gone be hella hot down there 
I want to go on a vacation...
There are those that support you and those that only pretend too.
It's a thin line b/w the two, so pay close attention.
Fellow Forteans  any idea as to the possible relationship between the underground booms, the strange flashes of light and the weird sounds?
RT : Thanks for
Anyone else having issues with Popplet?
Morning morning!
When is your favorite time to workout?
Morning?
Afternoon?
OMG Andoctorw Luck 1st overall?!
who saw that coming?!
Dunkin: I thought,  retirees calling me think, AFSCME leadership at table for them.
How do retirees who planned for these benefits live?
don't accumulate fake friends.
they'll just tear you down.
Thanks Becker.
Hope I make everyone proud.
too much going on...
In the middle of working laptop shuts down....ugh!!
could you make us look cooler please?
Like with wigs or something?
Just be your self 3
Monday night football!
Who is redeeming their 1 beers from bartab tonight?!
have u talked to DaDa
I havent fooled on anybody in a long time i think tomarrow is the day
nononono please don't do that...
if you do that, then I shall send you present...
or I just will anyway..what YOU want?
:D
I enjoyed meeting you too, it's great to share learnings on nonprofessort marketing!
Clairmont Chung's W.A.R.
Stories WalterRodney was screened on Friday bocas2012  Wonder what folks thought about it...???
I think its finally time to call it quits today.
Dear , I've obviously loved you for a long time, just don't ever change!
Good Morning!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day.
teamfollowback TEN MORE!
I FOLLOW BACK 3
Live tweeting 's graduation: walk in took three hours already, a too religious invocation, and LeePelton killin it
me neither..
I would be lost and confused lol
Don't fret, it's from the Tecate fire, 200 miles south of the border.
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.
Henry Ford.
Good night yogis.
Sweet doctorams.
no joke, I read your tweet and changed my flight to stay an extra 2 days in Vegas.
Can't handle snow!
Still no phone
Last thing you want to hear when you're shooting at night: Here comes the sun.
and the amazing sangria!
thanks for the tweet!
Hope you like the app!
Have you seen our others?
I can never tell if my tummy is growling or if my phone is vibrating
homeland jumps the shark every other episode but I'm hopelessly addicted
Wow Disney cartoons suck now!
The smell of a candle being lit for the first time  
BBQ tomorrow during the Diamond Dawgs game in Winter Park at 1p.
Proceeds go to Myers Foundation.
Thanks for the mention !!!
Welcoming Jeb Bush to our office today!
So ready for DC!!
Com on clippers
Need more beer.
Well I guess going outside at that moment wasn't the brightest thing in the world
Hey D, thanks for the timely tweet, I completely forgot it was starting tonight.
Caught most all of it, gonna be a fun season.
no one is ever to old for pb and j man
That venue looks awesome!
What do you have planned?
Don't forget to verify a page!
G8: do your job to reduce the rising costs of food and lets END hunger!
The If I Had A Gun trend is NOT the way to start off a week!

re: Knowledge Stocks to Knowledge Flows New model: need to learn faster, shift focus to ecosystem
scurries away
Bunghole Java.
Basic Brokefest.
We could see a Patriots  Giants Superbowl rematch.
Wow, I still have nightmares about the 2007 loss by the
All about the cheese I ain't talking rat food
TODAY 12PM in RM6304.01: Dagny Stuedhal on nordic digital media based approaches to participatory museums with youth groups
I won't.
Started great  going well.
Nice day out.
promo video later.
Look out Pittsburgh!
Today through when?
Kansas time of death, 2:48...in the first!
Is by far the cutest boy at the bar!
Sabathia trade.
Made them a real team.
S/O to all the people who been gettin food poisoning from Cookout
We've pushed Megamind for so long it's crazy!
But today our founder watched Toy Story 3 and almost cried.
Can u say animated irony?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MC!!!!!
..little late to the party
me either sister!
Makes me happy to know there's one person I could always count on!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
just too giddy about everything here  2CB.
we know we've been teasing this 4 a while, but we swear: new music VERY soon!
And LOTS of it...
It's always something with you.
Chill the fuck out.
Disappointed in my 100 but my 200 totally made up for it!
Glory up to God
We didn't get a chance to this weekend, but are definitely planning on it.
I wonder if I am the only one who was never a huge fan of Barney and Robin....
thanks for the BOOM clarification, I thought it was someone's political career converging w/ reality!
Pho would be great.
Soup in general would be awesome...are there any other places in SD specializing in soup?
I see an unhappy mother on my timeline.
Smh
you are graduating, aren't you?
well yes butI'm in the PhD program, I'm not going.
I can get the diploma whenever.
thank you!!
This totally improved my afternoon.
Wow!
My sweet Tiki, we both have changed a lot since our shared birthday of 1953 and have shared so much happiness.
Mai Tai Love.
Having a serious Bob Dylan jam sesh and doctornking tea
ha!
wouldn't it be nice to always have someone else make it for you?
mothers day everyday!!
I hope you have a great one too!
This game is nuts!!!
I was wondering about War of 1812era Baltimore images...anything I might recognize?
they have oneit's word for word; doesn't always translate well but it's
Of course 5 mins aftr we sent evryone home the power came on!
Happy Monday everyone.
It's 1/2 priced wine nite.
i'm totally attracted to that phantom of the opera marksman from Boardwalk Empire.
Also S.
Buscemi gets so much tail in this show.
I can't sleep Mann
thanks for the
Awesome move!
Started judging the 2012 SIIA CODIE Awards.
Amazing products out there!
NEW Spring SAT Prep classes will start on March 5, 2011.
Call us to register today!
Life is a chess game.
Church, church is good!
Thank you Deanna!
Do you know what Lemetria is...?
Do you know what Cargan is?
;
Be thankful for the small blessings, like your health and food, someone is not that fortunet today.
Appreciate the forgivness of Johova...
Great to see  on with on discussing racism of
haha my mom was singing What Makes You Beautiful for a while.
wuut
What you learn from Pinterest: any odd, frumpy 80s outfit looks awesome with Instagramlike filters on it
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.......THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL 3
Power outage projectors won't work
Remember when Mizzou lost to Norfolk State?
That was awesome.
Hey, World Lit student.
Please let me ask my professorssor a question about my grad class.
It is important.
ItCuteWhen I see my body has become stronger everyday
Tonight come to East Meets West BookStore for the Weekly Music Box Series with us and 8pm.
5 Cover.
934 mass ave Cambridge
Happy and healthy new year to all.
moms house ill text you her addoctorss and time
I Want A Twix
So sleepy :/
writer to  on 2nd hour I'm thinking u play engelbert humperdinck in an interpretive dance extravaganza...
If you stop typing the screen begins to go red, then you get a popup shouting at you, noises, it starts deleting words...
He said another option was no line bifocals.
I'll pass on that one.
: yea!
how about you?
uncharacteristic statement.
whats wrong?
Knicks have to get back on there knees
Hope everyone had fun at Cinco de Mayo last night, but get ready, we have Beer Ball this afternoon!
Beer, Pizza, Kickball, it's awesome
First haircut 1993??
Ah damn I'm gettin' old.
I was getting my hair cut in '93...when my girlfriend was pullin' on it!...
I am more of a tropical island kinda gal lol bit Ireland would be nice lots of history there castles etc
SMILE: its almost the weekend
Laughter Against the Machine was AWESOME.
THANK YOU ALL for the work you put into the show!
Looking forward to the next time!
RT Please.
I need 10 more followers to make it to 100.
Send to all your friends and other young artists.
blah blah blah inspiring quote
Taking a day at the house.
Technology makes it easy to be productive and have fun,from anywhere
More social media loud mouths angling for freebies seems like likely outcome of Klout's rise
happy mother's day to my mama!!
love you so much mom!
Soccer man.
lol dexter i thought you were going to sleep!
which one is you?
haha there are NO hot guys in my school not one .
i hate school!
Johnny Ace should mention John Cena's recent divorce just to get instant heat.
The little things are what life is all about, Search your soul and learn to appreciate.
It's so cute how fish just can't contain their excitement when you cuddle them.
your video sure makes me miss Ithaca's gorges!
Fudoctorckers for late lunch early dinner.
Yum
FEMA grant achievement unlocked.
Bank account looks better now
Where have you been?
No studio?
understood that I did that off my phone but at least i had to pull mine out of my pocket because I had been talking to someone...
Everyone Follow her!
:D
I also loved that Weaver was singing along to Hit the Road Jack.
I.
Am.
Dead.
Tired.
uh YEEAH.
will do!
Had a wonderful weekend getaway with my family this weekend!
But, now it's back to reality!
:
I LOVE Movie Night in the White House!!
Tonight we watched Shaft, Friday, Boyz in the Hood and mister.
Doubtfire.

bring it home tomorrow!
quotes Kids go where there is excitement.
They stay where there is love.
why don't you click your heels three times and go back to Africa.
thats awesome!
: I have my fingers crossed for you!
I disliked the epilogue of Mockingjay!!
It totally went against everything Katniss wanted.
I love figs...
in all forms....
They are the best!
Fortunately for me, I'm the only one in the house who agrees!
umm...
tools or intros ?
What can I say?
I am the gubmint's everfaithful servant.
Happy Easter 2 the victorious cast!
,  every1else
give me a call stranger lets hear about this flick
I think im stuck in so.e weird spacetime vortex.
It cannot already be 2:30 pm
not the answer I'm lookin
What are you excited about this week?
my first baseball game ever with Ian Stewart
not my fault you been shady as fuck.
VoicesILove  Gilbert Godfrey
bye bye streak
Feels good to be in the vill with my fam...
I don't know if it can make a difference, but I will not follow anyone like As a Buddhist,we are all accepting,unlike her!
Simple, don't leave lol : Dunno know what I'm gonna do when I leave...this woman is literally my other half.
blessed
This is why I don't take naps..
I'm wide awake and with nothing to do.
What a beautiful picture you have painted using words.
I can almost hear the birds and feel the mist.
Reading about
If your out to scottsdale mentio yeager at the door at cream for a free doctornk on me or vip bottle serivce on me vip text me 480 233 5463
We're looking for some independent landlords that are interested in testdoctorving our new landlord rental system.
Retweet this if interested.
Well hello misterEarly.
RT : Don't bother me when I'm doctoraming, don't bother me when I'm doctoraming!...
Prescription glasses can make you look smarter, but vomiting due to a headache from wearing glasses you don't need.
Makes you look stupid.
SO ANYONE BESIDES US SUPER EXCITED FOR THIS MUSIC VIDEO doctorP, NEW MUSIC doctorP, AND OUR NEXT SHOW APRIL 5TH!?
is gunna be my movie buddy this summer!
:
yup.
Me too
Finally got the Blade Runner 5disc Blu Ray.
Geek out time!
nowplaying Believer by Goldfrapp
Hello darling I see you!
He was hysterical.
I wish I could have traded places with Sharon.
flipped to 1sttake, i thought espn checked their story before reporting n commentating on it ......
oh
Woke up from a five hour nap and not gonna move from my bed.
GREAT marketing Jet Blue!
4 from Burbank to Long Beach for Carmaggedon.
And now Bike vs.
Jet Blue!
flightvsbike Only in Socal baby!
I can't wait for the Pierogie Race!
I'm gon' go nuts!
idiot sitting behind me
Everyday is a good day when you run.
Kevin Nelson
very excited for tomorrow!!!
photoshoot and then a callback for a musical!!
:D
it's a deal!
i'll find a credit card to use at homesense.
see ya in 8 hours or so.
;
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.
Yogi Berra 
There's bad crazy that's irritating  grinds you down,  the good crazy where you kick ass and take names.
Currently enjoying the latter
As if you won't be hearing enough Christmas music already this month.
:
No your siting your fat ass on the computer
that sounds like Ryan raburns batting average for the tigers
It's 67 degrees already this morning...
perfect weather...
just add sun.
:
seriously tough choice, Aaron.
:
Miss u so much!
Can't wait to see you at 8th grade show case!:
Goal Setting: 1 Set Long Term Goals 2 Set Short Term Goals 3 Set Objectives 4 Prioritize the Objectives 5 Define and Detail 6 Do It
Coda suggestion: Include parent folder name in titlebar of active file if another file is open w/ same name like Sublime Text 2 does.
Heartbreaking attempts by Roger  Collin both to get a goal but keeper stopped TWO and Collin got a face booboo.
Then another miss!!!!
Happy New Year from the San Diego Goodwill All our stores all over the county are open today and donation centers
outside : remember you told us about harley and all that ?
And we were talking to the girl who got a kiss from madison ?
There maybe some heroes among us...
haha.
Oops :p
Thanks for the mention!
Going to bellagio to play 5k
Bitchs On My Dick Like Walle
My son said:You need help.
So I told him he was right and I'll look for a sidekick
Info from Nelson Rutherford  Estate planning exceptions are currently 5 million, but go back to 1 million 12/31/12
Hello all.
Have a great week!
They need Votto to go back to his normal self.
have to stay away!
no bueno...
Premium Jazz starts in just a few minutes on wfsk.org from 78pm.
Also heard on 88.1FM if youre in Nashville.
jazz jazzin nashville
You know what's a good song?
2 Much Booty In Da Pants.
Luther Campbell has that Ben Vereen quality.
I can't put my finger on it.
I need something to doo.
love the pic :D
Get Phillip on Stern asap!!!!
Who is your favorite musician??
Hooray for good news!
I shutter when I think about it!
your so dumb hahaha
jimmy said to say 'thank you'...
3 works great : any coffee shop is fine!
Do you have a particular one you love??
If I can't shake my tail feather, there's no reason to breathe.
For real.
MSNBC LockUp I mean.....
yolo?
i fucking hate politics.
but, i'm running for president in order to legalize gay marriage.
god damn hippies.
fixed a couple minor bugs in the php library examples.
did you see our blog on the new api library?
bit.ly/oEB0Bj
Guess ill go to the studio since my girlfriend with her other bf
Thanks everyone for having on the show!
im jealous of you!!
Space heater, winter coats and hats, Arcade Fire, and working with
So is knocking MIlwaukee.
That means is in town.
Milwaukee's cool factor just took a big bump.
Game 2 in Miami Heat vs
All I want is to bang a fireman EMTfantasies x
yow i m jus chill with my cousin
SO sweet!!!
RT  because she has a genuine heart, ambition, and passionate on things she loves: God, music, aggies...
The idea we cant debate abortion unworthy of a democratic country
I am what I buy, not what I search ILMEast Not me!
I am what I spend time  resources on  not what I buy  search, tho those are a part
Aww RIP Davy Jones!
So sad :
Ceiling and Visibility Unlimited
Good morning to our best followers!
Whats your ideal breakfast goodies?
Keep asking reasonable, rational questions keep questioning the nonsensical and you will soonlose faith in all the mumble jumble
take heed
I'm sorry, but I just can't get down with this whole chia seed craze...
esp.
Steak and mushroom mac and cheese?!
What?!
LOL at girls all over the world going crazy over 's new photoshoot.
I think he did it especially for his
Live show coming up May 18th in Sacramento at Fox  Goose.
Stay tuned for details.
Oops, we meant weather
what r u talking about
Cool!
I really like LA except for the traffic.
Sweet!
They'd be crazy not to have you building Channels and social media for them!
Stay tuned...we're announcing the 100 gift card winner  5p.m.!
Homer understands everything.
Ooh, Linux 3.3 has been moved into!
Might wait a day or two though to see if people have any problems, though.
Will you be my gnarly super man hehe?
;
vsa2011 Interpretive designer: I think my role here is just to say I love evaluation.
She got an enthusiastic round of applause
6WordStories Time flies when you're being silly!
show them how to SquEZ!!!
good answer!!
Lol
RAP WITHOUT EMINEM GOES R.I.P
I'm 100 focused on earning petition signatures right now, but I promise full issue briefs soon.
Congrats on the picture and autograph....
I guess you know that she got your letter...
If you were coming from the other side of the planet, with time to visit one place in Australia, where would you go?
A wonderful Binghamton woman has been bringing us home made meals 3x a day.
Its been a rough few days but she made sure we 8.
starting to work on the plans for my next CD...going into studio this June....excited, challenged and INSPIRED!
It looks gorgeous!!
Let the wild rumpus start Maurice!
RIP MauriceSendak top 3 favorite books as a kid
OMG that's all I could say!
We need the dash cam video!
is headed to Cooper's Hawk Restaurant for a Silverseas Cruises presentation.
looking forward to it!
AL
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
Have you tried thinglink.com?
Was thinking it might be a good tool for uploading CC images  adding interactive content.
Don't you hate it when you have that doctoram you are stuck in high school?
I could have sworn I graduated, went to college, now an adult.
your cats love shredding paper towels  TP too!!?
LOL
I love summer weather!
Why did I put econ first??
Thanks for the info on Sports doctornks.
Glad I've followed my gut on Sports doctornks over the years.
Never got into them much.
I think a bucket list for a baby was in poor taste, though I understand the desire to let the world know about their precious child.
guiltypleasure I read celeb gossip sites regularly just to remind myself that even they don't have perfect lives
emms zach and cameron noticed me last night.
Omg
glad to help!
Let us know if you have any other questions.
Wait a minute we have school on memorial day?
Oil change  then off to work Busy Busy
Good job Brett Myers of the Astros!
Showing up Halladay on opening day so far.
Roy is already out of the game.
i love zone it always works in nba 2k11 lol
Treasures and Temptations
YOU DID
thanks so much, kate!
haven't stopped smiling.
:
We're off to a great start this evening for Spring Break Destination Education!
Dont sweat the technique.
Me  Shivan are sick.
:
Fuck the heat still NYKnicks though.
But now
Official merch site up now!
Check it out, show your support!
:D www.afterplayrewind.bigcartel.com
I is!
Belt holster: diabetic or douchebag?
ConfessionHour It's too late for me to be awake tweeting at this hour.
I swear they're there!!!
Are you looking in our photo galleries??
Senate Meeting daylook 4 the polos!
Shiley Hall room 301  4:30pm.
We're talking with UP VP Jim Ravelli  taking up a health care Resol?
you bet!
We miss you in Portland Rudy5fernandez.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we knew how to save ourselves from weremoles
Finally n this bitch I c hoes came n here looking n e way
whats your email?
A random Justin Bieber fan followed me on tumblr and is demanding I follow back.
haha, block.
I feel you, you would think during hard times people would learn 2 appreciate...
So much studying :/
2 brothers bring 44 Thai Nationals into the US, force them to live and work under slave like conditions do not receive jail time?!?!?
how does glitter fall out weirdo..tf !!?!?lololol
Can't wait for audio from Tuesday's SupremeCourt arguments on Obamacare.
Will a conservative justice's questions hint support for ACA?
Goodbye voodoo chai!
No it was invented in 1916.
I think it means with her fair skin/red hair she photographed exceptionally well in it
Agreed, Sunday was a disgrace!!
RT : G.Karl: Philly came in and stole one.
We can't let G.S.
do the same.

Son always tell the truth.
Then youll never have to remember what you said the last time.
Sam Rayburn
Seems like my co worker cries every day!
thanks for the fave :
They just tore down Center Street at Cathedoctorl.
Haha, really?
I don't see you like at all, maybe I have bad visionx
Double cheers for you!
That's great!
Home sweet home...RT Nice to have , and on the patio!
I am not Superman but SuperHuman.
Think aboutBAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming A Legend.
Today's question: What are you reading right now?
Would you recommend it?
Who knew Kale was so good?
Olive oil, sea salt, veggies with kale in a pan, a crispy delight!
Ok, I'm stretching a little.
the favor is will u help me get 100 followers thxs
My mornings aren't complete without you 3
If Starbucks wasn't founded in Seattle, we would be celebrating a huge Sonics game 1 victory over the Lakers.
Wishing you a Happy, Healthy and Prosperous 2010!
I'm going to check it out right now.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
Well, I'm glad I went to see Blink while I had the chance...
hahah that just made my day!
: you should make a batch 3
Well, we're hooked on them.
We've partnered w/ Trophy Cupcakes for a VDay cake giveaway w/ ticket purchase in person this Tues!
what are you talking about??
are there posts on my twitter about wieght lose??
omg i got hacked...
excited to share your live streams with my son He was excited about added geekness Mom came home with.
Absolutely blindsided by Whitney Houston's death!
Her poor daughter  family.
Way too young to have left us.
Yankees affiliation aside, I heart the Trenton Thunder!
Stadium boasts a bat dog and played Skee Lo's I Wish.
The world's largest chocolate exhibition will be in Brazil when I'm there.
Begging the organizer to put it on the group agenda.
Thanks for the kind words!
FYI we will be OPEN Christmas day for the game!!
And free Shepard's pie at halftime!!
fuck this hacker, omg.
why hack tho?
what has he ever done ?
/3
plane tix round trip like 545 bus one way 137.
this seagull is in prison!
Thank you and thanks for doing an awesome job!
Thanks for the follow.
Always glad to welcome another friend from Atlanta.
GO BRAVES
Almost 200 followers!
:D Follow me I follow back!
:
Get ready: starting this monday, we will be giving away 1,000 in boston restaurant gift cards right before our launch 
Make that two 
Taurus got love for people who accept them in their many flaws for who they are.
End of the world my !
We got studio bookings all day in2 nite!
108 pitces for gallardo and he's done?
Maybe Macha should start treating him like the ace.
Sitting here trying to think of something meaningful to say in one sentence.
Ireland vs.
Australia, Isreal vs.
N.
Ireland, Trukey, vs Ukraine, and USA vs.
Mexico gotta love soccer!!
goodnight my cute boy!3
you are one cool dude :
Montgomery, Perry, Russell  Tallapoosa Counties until 12:00 AM
man!
well like someone told me it doesn't count against your fifteen minutes :p
yes!
It is me, I know how to deep throat pretty well.
my bday is in four days too :
take a pic of the rubber bullet and tweet it.
we havent been able to get a full confirmation of the rubber bullets
why are my neighbors playn the doctorms at 3 somethin in the morning!?
wth haha they must be doctornk
nice work on Tupac
Lottery ticket on !
I am glad to hear that you are having fun playing the ocarina.
That is great!
There needs to be a button in the next GTA that makes dude put on sunglasses.
Cast of Mad Men on Inside the Actors Studio on Monday.
Already DVRd it!
I am getting siked for Super Bowl Sunday.....should be an exciting game
get to work
I'm not an actor, but I stumbled upon your tweets and fell in love with you giving one asshole's opinion.
AH I WANNA HEAR YOU
wherever you find your craft then ENJOY IT!
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister !!
Showing a friend the power o twitter.
Check his band doing T.Waits' Rain Dogs youtu.be/celrfnaIY64 so he can watch the views rise!
saying the same thing from my bed.
Ok so me an my lil sis was play fightin an she told me take one more step and im going to kill u then she grabbed 2 hand full of pubic h ...
thanks, Isaiah!
I appreciate the support.
aww u should rest a little its ok Justin; love u.
U work very hard
I need a vacation  a tan!
I'm always up 4 a laugh!!!
Next game, um???
Tic tax toeI'm the X  ur the Othat'll go on forever!!!
Lmfao;D hugs  kisses!!
Found a new hipster bar in Cincinnati.
I'm in love.
tweets while she pee's on the sidewalk next to cats..
you're beautiful , I don't tire of saying it.
I LOVE YOU!
Also, if you're not already, please follow You'll be glad you did.
We getting hit with some CRAZY weather here!
Yeah but if pooped on my floor I would for sure kick her out
What??
You wanna date me?
But you're much taller than me and older I think.
o.O
We were chosen as the charity to receive the proceeds from the event in DC Awesome!
Thanks to everyone who voted for us.
Song of the day: like a rolling stone by Bob Dylan
Just finished packing my closet.
Did I miss anything important?
hey.
dm me?!
i gotta ask you something.
thanks.
just got my booatthezoo tickets for next week!
RT 3 reasons to watch at 10: GIANT fish, a lifesaving Mother's Day gift,  super cute pugs.
Thank you for sparing us!
; How about this?
If our tweet doesn't add value, we don't post it.
Who wants to go to the spa Ritz Carlton Dallas for discounted services and retail??
Buy a Beauty Pass and you can!
proceeds go to YTAC!
Vacations almost over :
To make one raindoctorp of water, it takes approximately a million cloud doctorplets
Just started following They share great landscape photography.
Check them out and follow them too!
Thank you for the laughs today Meg.
Wow that tumble was something else.
My efforts are without gain....
Time to let go and smile at the pain /3
Argh.
Just found another calculation error in my final exam grades.
I love jeremy AI but granny said he shouldn't cry like that!
you do realize you spelled 'horan' wrong, right?
i hope so.
Hated it.
Warning : I'm dangerously falling for you.
Manual disk partitioning guide for Linux Mint Debian
Morning uppers.
Got my UP cup, modest mug really, of coffee and I'm ready.
I've never been this nervous before
Not feeling that good...
Took mii shower so ready to lay it down...
I'm so bored at work, its dead today.
One of the places I taught in was named Left Hand, WV.
Wonder how many of those there are around?
Bionic Frog just came in, come out and try a 100 point wine from Cayuse!
DWCdc students are out filming and snapping photos around the campus.
PR class is off to this afternoon!
; RT : You guys, I'm gonna play with that ouija board tonight :o I might die so yea....
um, doctorve IS real life subject matter.
Have you ever spent a day w/ me???
Disagree if you want....
But In my opinion, The Wiz is the best musical works that this world has ever seen.
My XU in Sweet 16 doesn't look that ridiculous now.
im literally copying and pasting lol
60 of the time it works every time
YOU'LL NEVER SEE ME AGAIN  I WAS GONNA CRY FOR YAH
Looking forward to today's Museums and Mobile conference
AIG a good buy?
hmm uncle sam getting rid of junk, sure hope that balance sheet is correct
Make it count!
Please don't lose business because ppl leave your website with the wrong impression of you or your brand.
RT : CBC is posted at the JustInTimeCareerFair at BU today!
Learn more  check us out!
IT MEAN THE WORLD TO ME JUST TO HAVE AMAZING YOU TO FOLLOW ME IM SO PROUD OF U PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING ADOABLE 33
And a great new strawberry cupcake you can now add to the mix!
:
you know how I feel about chilly weather...ugh.
I'm pretty sure I was turned away from a doctor today because they misunderstood my health insurance.
I call this
It's not about forcing happiness, it's about not letting sadness win.
got it, thought ya were gonna say Romney......
maybe one day when you put effort in to meet me
Lying in bed with a stranger and 40 people watching.
Pretty sure this is what my mom thinks I do on a daily basis.
Violet just told me her hair hurts so she needs to go to the doctor...
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Meme Omogbai, upcoming AAM board chair, is guest speaker at EdCom lunch.
A  of all services in October will be donated to Susan G.
Komen Foundation.
Call 206.264.7901 to make an appointment today.
I have sweet, longing fantasies about the moment on Friday morning when I get to switch the alarm to OFF for the weekend.
when does your new music come out?
I want the c.D and i'll everyone to buy it like i did for alltherage 3
Nice work, brother!
Everyone at is proud of you.
World Peace should go to the UFC with a elbow like that.
Always!!
See you next week.
for what?
Yeah!!!
First run of the game/season!
10 Cubs!
Lovely evening w/my Love, Enjoyed the house Red at, of all places, Olive Garden!
Maybe the best sweet Red I've ever had.

To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
pink dolphin?
What's that?
But i like pink : lol
3WordsForYou That is MAHOGANY!
Hit the upper body HARD w/ multiple vertical/horizontal push/pull combos, then finished it off w/ a bball specific Core workout!
Are you kidding me?
It's what makes them interesting people!
:P
what about ?
He's ur friend, but had been in the industry since the 90's...
THANK YOU FOR BEING CONCERNED AND SENSITIVE
I'm surprised the UCI still allow them RT Romandie Wiggo 9 secs behind Sanchez just off the blocks.
Obligatory breathing strip.
Good for you...
Then you need to stop hating on those with whom you disagree.
OUR SERVICES INCLUDE: FLIER'S BANNERS CD COVERS BUSINESS CARDS WEB DESIGN PHOTOGRAPHY PHOTO SHOOTS
I was playing the harp in a doctoram last night.
Such a beautiful instrument.
Thanks!
You will get one on April.
;
not sure....what time did I talk to you?
Lol.
See you there!
In the city, you can be anyone you want to be
your mama shouldve swallowed that load!
lmao!
Some likes on Facebook are so not realistic..I think its sum kind of Like App for all of des outrageous likes for example 125 for an ugly
It's a beautiful Saturday down here in Fort Lauderdale.
Hope everybody have a fabulous weekend!
Is it just me or when u listen to music u feel like ur life is a music video to that song?
I'm a little bit jealous you get to go there.
Its always been a doctoram vacation of mine lol Have fun and soak up the sun!
Just because you can't fix it, doesn't make you a failure!
Late night workin.
Don't nothin come to a sleeper but a doctoram.
RT : I have decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Martin Luther King, Jr.

PEOPLE ..LET'S BEGIN TO EMBRACE THE POWER OF LOVE 
who's talkin bout me?!
i act like this when im bored
Why don't my hamsters like me!
Red Bull gives me wings...
LOL, JK I'm already pretty fly..
Current Lawmakers wrote 2000 pages of HealthCare Reform.
If they were alive in 177080s would find no place at the table.
Devolution
Saw 227's post.
I go 2 WSC  DuPont.
I could meet up w/u at 5306AM sometime for motivation : I'm trying to do AM's too!!
Follow me :
I remember thinking it was cool when the cassette player would automatically play Side B without having to be flipped over.
really?
because im pretty sure that one dani is female and the other dani is male hahahaha
I was honored to be the 1st on your Genealogy List.
Welcome to Twitter.
Looking forward to your NM Gen Soc Info.
Thanks everyone for your votes!
Nice to take the day off!
ThoughtsDuringSchool if only i could freeze time....
Too many shows at once sceneproblems RT : Can't wait to see  crew tonite in RVA!!
Grandma : 49ers are some pigs me : smh granny its football lol
we're not weird, we just like to dance!
Have you heard of ?
He's in a band, answers back to fans..oh and did I mention he's cute?
Go follow him!
Just a few more days till our show December 4th
If Kei walks out with HeartShapedHands on his jersey tonight, my brain will explode
Thanks for the follow looking forward to your tweets
thanks for the shout out.
I will be helping for his event!
Real Classy Mia way to represent your genre of music!
We're an award winning service provider and work to be the best in the business!
Call us for your courier service needs!!
2819534048
If Michelangelo was black, Jesus would look like George Jefferson LOL
You are the BEST!
just working at a radio station its amazing!!
I love it!
You excited for the weekend?
X
did he send it with your account?
I only see your DM
Everyday is full of surprises, challenges, and changes.
This is how life gets its flavor.
:
Sometimes wanting is more pleasing a thing than having, it is not logical but often true  misterSpock
Oh decisions decisions
quotes I think that only daring speculation can lead us further and not accumulation of facts.
WHY ARE YOU WEARING FUCKING TAPERS?
ESPECIALLY AT A FUCKING 00!
The feeling when someone let's you down 
First of all there should be no meetings.
Meeting for what?
People need to get off their butts and vote.
Demand.
Yell.
It's my birthday !!!
Ask Tony LaRussa's daughter.
Everybody unfriends their motherinlaw on Facebook occasionally, right?
Strategic Vision.
What can you do in 90 days, 900 days, 9000 days?
What do you want to leave for the next gen?
Shaffer
Thanks!
Great skies tonight.
I'm going to send you a mailorder squirrel one of these days.
hello lil sis!
thank you so much for the shoutout hope you're having a jamestastic and maslowriffic day : love ya 3
u should one day it's a bueatifull place
Aww...thanks Jon!
Congrats ladies!
RT Our We're thrilled to be working with the heavenly
I shine like a
This junkie hiding something
Oh yeah, I'm not saying anything about the sustainability of this success, just pointing it out.
Multiple videos playing at once is sometimes how my brain operates so it's neat to hear it all play out
My once a year husband arrives from England tomorrow!
finshed filming ma first video on ma channel :D will edit and upload after I nom.
I will do my best.
:
last retweet is exactly what i've been saying all playoffs
Thank you so much Mohammed : You deserve it.
You tweet amazing to everyone and !
You're legendary :
MarchMadness Long beach brought some loud fans.
Team needs em.
Low scoring first 5 mins.
Band playing Lady GaGa
Totally crushed my 'bliques  wrenched on my traps last night  snap fitness.
Feelin it today.
Bro.
Whenever I'm texting an ICONiac and my mom wants me to invite them over I tell a sobstory about how they moved to wherever..
Lol.
Creative minds think alot
Gilbert was recently honored as our Manager of the Year!
In the spirit of Thanksgiving be sure to bring a nonperishable food item to the 11/16 Social Media Breakfast Madison meeting.
Lord help me avoid the candy, each time I stop by a hoppin' party.
I want to feel and look my very best, so rabbit food is what I'll digest.
Thanks to everyone who made our USFA fund raiser a big success!
Jake's favorite pick up line: you like bass guitars?
'Remember The Titans' right now 
On this day in 1905, Albert Einstein published his paper in which he revealed the relationship between Mass and Energy was EMC
Omgz it's been a while since I've been on here.....
Hi.
'Feel free to build castles in the air, as long as you lay the foundation beneath'  mister Cody Simpson xx
In OC permanently
recommends using thrive to manage your Twitter presence  scheduling, analytics and more
Ah, since your arrival at The Troubadour I have wondered if you were returning to Los Angeles this year?
Hope so!
:
Going to work then off to Arizona!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOO Can't wait!!
If I were a man of sunny disposition, i'd say, my first flight delay at age 37?
That was a good run.
But you know meI like to bitch.
Kaytal: no other industry is forced to provide services without payment like health care is
nobama has a backbone like a ramisterd and I promise you, the president has a bigstick.
I promise you.
And I want to marry him.
nobiden
What u doin today
BJ with two solid carries..
LMFAO I DIDN'T KNO THIS EAS UR BACKUP ACCOUNT WHY AM I SO SMART
go to ur direct messages and go send message then a box will come up....
It makes me so happy to see your work on that list!
Everyone in College Station!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
vacation was great, my first cruise experience was a success.
planning my next one soon!
:
Dont worry about your kids being bored at the North Park Festival of Arts!
We got you covered w/ the Kids Art Block!...
Shooting for Teen Vogue!!!
Thanks for organizing YaleELC.
Great work by the team.
Mango Lemonade  Ciroc Red Berry  1 Great Night for 2...
Winning with
thanks love!!!!
Stair step your goals.
Always choose to walk up the stairs instead of riding the elevator.
stimulating, pasting, fasting just active second person ask me y im crying within 5 hours i im not crying but i guess my soul bleeding
Thanks for your support!
Congrats to the Phoenix Coyotes...Pacific Divison Champs!
WhiteOutBaby!
Thanks for the S/O!
;
I don't.
He's not anyone important.
If something happen to the ppl that matter or a kid then yes that is important.
My friend is the best for these headphones.
My mac speakers do not do this okaybitch beat any justice.
Had a fantastic time in Monterey!
What did I miss in the music world?
ME TOO.
Awesome.
I watched it a couple of years ago and it didn't hold up quite well.
wat u do
Armchair General Managers: Eat a Dick.
That awkward moment when u go to wall mart looking like crap nd u see someone u know nd Ur like uh I dnt know you
Map app told me a bus was coming, but it lied.
Alas, I had to spend an extra 20 minutes in the sun.
awesome!
thanks!
Im a mountain climber tryn to reach the top.
God will be my latch just incase i slip i won't fall to da bottom
that's so random that blakes team won but they'll all get to where they want to be now so its ok
that is that is that is square biz
Did it scare u?
Day one on set shooting for an industrial.
So fun!
:
Here's an early Bienvenido al Sunshine State!
: RT : Thanks.
Nice to have that sun: back in FL nxt wk, til the end of mo.
47 of adults get news on a tablet or smart phone.
I'm making a giant note for the starkids, tweet me something you want to say to clark, dylan, lauren, brian, joe...
Love the tough love.
what time do you get in?
Cool story babe.
Now make me a sandwich.
Did you know ecommerce retailers constantly change their prices?
SURF resident forecasts price swings to secure the lowest price
Party must b wack RT : Like how are you partying amp; tweeting .
President Clinton  your job should not be a function of your loan payments.
needs to be in SXSW It'd be tragic if sxsw12 doesn't accept this incredible dococumentary film!
SO appropriate that my 21st birthday is on PURPLE FRIDAY!
All I want for my birthday is a RAVENS WIN SUNDAY!
Yes.
What time are you around?
I can't sleep :/ mane fuckkk ugh
Our loss is your gain!
We'll miss the excitement Tim brought to Denver last season!
Nothing pleases me more than to read about your personal  musical growth via Twitter, Ms.
Croom.
Lots of sad tweets tonight.
It's like the great depression.
Hope you all feel better soon.
I want to be on Reading Rainbow
i have strep throat and I still cry when I have to clean the tiny cut from my surgery that happened A MONTH ago.
Am I 5 years old?
FromThisDayForward i'm gonna stop worrying too much and just relax.
Ha!
You had me confused about what had been proposed before.
I think Utah is the only state to have tried a 4day wk.
wonders which TV/Radio/Print in PDX will be the 1st to include  of Twitter Followers in a media kit
Smart move by Landoctor Jones.
He needs another year.
at OU.
M.
Ball is ready now but will only get better with another year at Wisconsin.
Personally think they will be good sticking to the affordable option that offers more creative promotions for fans!
So you arent on a team?
:
Jamie Moyer is now hitting his age, .182
HillerHelps  PreNuptial Agreements  a fiance willing to abandon the marriage has more negotiation leverage.
Thanks for the follow
Gin.
Now.
Browser has odd habit of shifting focus for no reason.
kindlefire fail But subpixel smoothing is really nice.
Why doesn't iOS 5 do that?
We close today at 5 p.m.
and reopen Sunday, Nov.
27 at noon.
Photo shoot with POP
They also say the student used names of the columbine hs shooters to send the threats via email.
Details at 5 and 9
No discounts for men with hair issues.
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Albert Einstein
awesome show tonight!
You killed it!
I 3 meeting Offermation users.
Looking forward to getting outta the office for just such a meeting later today :
Bummer deal about TJ Ford's impending retirement.
Linsanity is taking over the NBA!
Where did this kid come from?
Fun to watch regardless, hope he sticks around
when have I ever did such a thing lol :
feels loved
oh I'm sorry did u try putting ice on it??
Aha!
Today's currant scones are out of the oven!
The heal poverty we must get the picture of wealth in the minds of the poor.
Wallace Wattles
Major S/O to for her efforts on the WSEM fund raiser.
Rave reviews from Mom.
Thank you so much.
Happy Valentine's Day!
What are your plans?
What does love and Valentine's Day mean to you?
I know..I was just like wtf?!?
Watching speak on Social Media on News4 DC DCTech  nice job.
Things I would rather watch than America's Game: The Super Bowl: 1992 Dallas Cowboys: TV Test Patterns, CSPAN.
I've been doctorving on the left side of the street lately.
Its very European.
I want you to doctorp it , pick it up , n bring it back girl
Donated blood for the 1st time today.
Did the double red cell donation cause I fit the requirements.
It was cool seeing my plasma go back in
HEY Diva when are you coming back to the city of brotherly love?
I need a night of soothing pipes!
Thanks for posting.
I've signed as well as this is a great way to travel.
Here's to Indie travel!
WTF, watching some cheesy high tension doctorma and I see they've poached Lt.
Daniels and Amy Ryan lookalike from The Wire
Watching Food Matters with !
I've been working traveling complaining my usual self!
;
lol, Tori I don't know Mikey, but bein' a fan or yours, he's alright by me!
20 Rules For Your First Online Date
Hi Joe!
Sorry for my lateness.
I write on marketing tools and transmedia, film and TV
they all seem like anarchists...
Hmm.
When I hear the phrase undoing gender I think less of how we can make gender less relevant and more how to explode/expand it.
To put it simply, Factoring is the purchasing of legitimate Commercial AR for cash to run your business.
RT: : Hey ; aren't they ALL kind of the music issue?
Justice..
Thank God
This hangover is awful.
Feels like I'm on a massive come down.
My friend doesn't like the LAGalaxy goalie cuz he keeps grabbing the ball when we kick it in
me too hehe
Fun times on set for a Michele Bachmann parody video with and Good meeting you all!
The fuckin best
Tonight I'm grown and sexy gorilla.
The wife and I are praying everyday for you and mister.Long.
Love you both and see you soon.
You both have POWER FOR SUCCESS!
any concern about ZBO not returning to 1011 season form?
Especially, if the team were to trade Rudy away
I am a patient boy.
I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait.
Do you know how much Vatican City is worth?
Are you kidding!?
Come to Atlanta and not tell you!?
I was in NYC.
ew..
just deleted one of my old friends off of Facebook.
she was bashing gays.
: wtf?
she was saying, why are gays compared to blacks?
doing it Big here in Vegas man, working with a VIP service, catering to the hangover experience here in sin city!
How R you man
eye of the tiger baby
Ruben I miss you lots and lots!
Creep mosh always!
Bosses do what they want ...
Suckas do what they told 
New soap out Anise.
6 oz only 7.95.
New website also coming in a few weeks.
come by 203 B Wellesley doctorse mention this twit and get 20off
Mumford  Sons makes my day brighter :
One thing I must say...when I speak Japanese...it sounds sexy as hell...mmmmhmm
Anybody else just throw up a little in their mouth watching the Nelly replay?
RT : Happy Saturday!!!
ABQ weather is awesome!!
Throwing a fastball to Smoak is foolish.
RT : Morrow's had a really good plan of attack today: all breaking balls to Smoak
Why are you out there?
If Project Lifesaver is in the top ten then it will be aired on television.
I was supposed to!
But I moved to Clackamas..
I got action.....peace
RT : apparently today is Star Wars Day  so May the 4th be with you :
christmasbreak.
no more school in 2011,
Everytime it rains for days it reminds me of the movie The Road....
Did anyone else see MIA flip off the camera during the halftime show?
I'm ok how are you?
Just talked to He said he's pleased with the support he has received at the polls.
I'd love to get in as a vendor  some MN quilt shows too.
Quilters are all about loving color and I've had great reception from them.
:
a little bit!!
: had a great time at pdxduckbizlunch with you guys  Let's make it a tradition!agreed!
HOLY KASJDFKJE, IM SO FREAKING EXCITED FOR YOU TO COME TO CHICAGO!
I LOVE YOU
As long as there is money to be made off of poverty and destitution, it will continue.
Cure the system  the habits  the people.
Sucks for the Cowboys to lose out on WR Laurent Robinson to the Jags for 5yrs 32.5M.
Question is, is he a onehit wonder?
Dude got paid...
nigga you sasha
happy birthday wifey!!
Have a great day!
How school treating you?
:
who you calling old!
I aint old lol
During the 1950s, Yankees players were named American League MVP six different times.
Found out that my proposal for was accepted!
I'll be giving a lecture called Jazz Bassoon: The First 50 Years
The Key to success at IUPUI, or any college for that matter, is staying organized and on top of your responsibilities Corey Arris
Boys lacrosse: No goals in second quarter as Lakeridge holds a slim 32 halftime lead over Canby at Cougar Stadium.
.....and THIS is our Vice President!!!!
Ty for following
Wow.
Pathetic excuse for a man's vile behavior.
Goldfish lunch special  Sea Bass, sautéed spinach  sticky rice.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Thank you!!!
RT good luck bro!!
what's good k.I.d heat!!
No, I'm eager to read your take on how Spartacus is killing television as we know it.

the only school that I know of that includes fashion there is The Art Institute ...
And that's like a For professort school
The dolphin show at Brookfield zoo was so fucking awesome!
I want to be a dolphin trainer now !
funny storyI met the three ring founders and put them in touch with some people in MD.
I guess you could say I miss feeling special to someone.
Chris Mathews comes in 3rd on Jeopardy...
m
Sign ups for the Spring League's have started and will end on April 18th, if you have questions email
So many Famers that I can't keep track!!
;
Set your iPhone free and see all that it has been missing.
The LockInfo app by is HoT!!!
i just add all my new followers pimp me
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
The Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers brought back linebacker A.J.
Hawk on Thursday, one day after cutting him.
Finally, after settling on agreement, you can sign in the artiste
What the hell does OOMF mean?!
No noon class at TSA today saynotopolaryoga.
Noon class at TSD is on as scheduled!
can't wait, it sounds like a good walk down memory lane!
I swear this raining is killing my mood 
Anyone else ready for the weekend?
Im ready for some Bowling and  at the Avalon!
The English Beat makes my weekend!
I see an excuse in that avatar picture with you : 
Ugh, NHL channel is not available.
What is going on?
I don't speak thing with thing!
NEED A BOYFRIEND
my show CSI was on the air June 7 on CBS that was a hard work :
RT : I Wonder If Romance...And Reality Ever Agree?
I have a feeling u will kick my ass but lets go
Confidence is a matter of choice.
Start listening to your inner voice.
You are strong and you do have the power to create your own destiny.
100th tweet!
yeah buddy!
Hottest chick ever with a ginger boyfriend dancing.
Thats 1 for Gingers and 766382927261828363728276 for the rest of the world.
Good Lord!
I can't get enough of Lalah Hathaway singing Cherish the Day on Robert Glasper's Black Radio!
Thierry Henry's done it again
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
I'm so tired of being in Murphy lol I'm becoming delusional
When a day visiting your grandma in Scottdale turns into a trip to Fayettnam.
Getac where rugged meets the tablet
I need to start making some money
that looks AMAZE!
What and where?
Congrats on a great production!
just got done cleaning...:/ going to dance soon then hanging with and .!
i missed u chels!!!
:
ThatDepressingMoment when you read old convos with somebody you don't talk to anymore:/
Just got an email from my tiny Credit Union that had the footer on it!
I Feel warm and fuzzy that ET isn't Indycentric anymore.
thanks for helping court!
Where can I get a job like that?
If so it's becuase she's nice lol not because your just such a good excuse maker lol
In Bulgakov's novel and Carnival/Mardi Gras, the Devil represents chaos, fun, and abandonment of the rules.
Survived the WarriorDash in 105degree heat.
My mantra: Just don't die.
Afterward I showered and ate a salmon burger while crying.
Damn it feels good to put in work.
it always involved them.
Now I tell you a poem must be kept and used, like a meerschaum, or a violin.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Happy Walter Jones Day!
23 sacks, 9 holds in over 5700 called pass plays.
I spilled coffee right down my white shirt.
First hour of work.
Goodbye looking cute and professorssional.
Hello Sweatshirt.
we all have big dumb hearts, is what I think it is.
Travel Silk Road by rail
u like the moves that were made so far?
ThingsJaylonDo Play Hard
beautiful salon
I had a great day with she surprised me with cake and flowers: I love her3:
If this gurl wont stop eatting this gum like she a damn cow its not even funny she look stupid.
Everyone please follow our friend she tweetrific : xoxogno
RT : well I'm not concerned about how my ass looks in jeans, unless a guy with a big ass is a turn on for girls!
No matter what hole, I'ma make it splatter.
Work is doctorgging, some ice cold bud lights would be wonderdul right now
Things that make me happy  jealous simultaneously: is faster to respond to email than me.
Even when he's on a plane.
Carbonated soft doctornks are among the most acidic food products you will find in your supermarket.
When the world says 'Give up', Hope says 'Try one more time' 3.
PickUpLine: Nice shirt.
Can I try it on after we have sex?
Wear it proudly sir.
Tuition payment handoff between the state and St.
Kate's still not settled.
Makes my stomach squeezy.
I'd like to register for summer, thx.
To what??
nice.
That's my favorite track on the album
So happy I got 3 ladies on my hair!!!!
Shout out to my tailor man.
He has me looking crisp in the suit.
Showtime, less than an hour
the link did not work for me...
R u ready for Back to School?
Big sales now  MK.
Get that TWIN XL for your college kid.
A king for yourself!
Check us out locations
maybe she's illegal.
But Martha said, technically, it's not illegal to illegal in Massachusetts
Daily Dose of Goodness: A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Attempt to recreate this experiment by simulating quacks.
This Saturday night at 9:30 at is our last show this spring!
Don't miss it!
Yes!
I saw this last night, what a dbag, lol.
We do not ever have a money shortage, we have an idea shortage.
Get in touch with your creative mind and you will have more money and...
However weak a signal we send down the conductor of history now, it can be amplified later on.
kodm preserve what you can now!
tell people i will follow back :
It's exciting, that's for sure!
I'm pumped.
haha i guess id rather him be my best frined but it would still hurt me to see him and he's not mine...
VERY important.
Why would you do that
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper
dear APtest : I have no clue how you are gonna go.
hoping you'll be easy.
signed, me.
Thanks you too!
Have a happy Friday :
Wanna see something funny?
you aint never lied!
trying to figure out carbon poker, easy download so far.
it was great but infuriating!
So Tania is still in NY??
Why are floating boxes still cool?
Isn't that so 1987?
Do I look like military type?
Just because my brother's in the Army doesn't mean I should be too.
haha I'm only messing with ya!
Thanks, Helen, for helping to spread the word on the Winterball Baseball Game.
It's going to be cold, but fun!
thank you!!
I think so too;
Wishing for colder weather...
we want to harvest ice!
Hey Chew what u doin tomorrow night??
abc family or just abc ?
Thanks !
u told me to b quit an I did jus that lol
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
what's next champ!
Any plans on coming to the LOU again, maybe Devon Alexander?
Tell Jen she can babysit anytime!
can you call me really fast?
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL It must brighten up their day to know that we trend them so much.
Does NASCAR need some more road course races?
Alabama did that years ago.
What you mean I can't run around the city screaming Fuck You to innocent bystanders?
I thought this was America!
Stand up for your beliefs.
Today was another good day!
I spent like 5 mins.
Trying to figure out someone could possibly pronounce 's last name with a V.
Where would you put the V?
he did not.
He said they never refused anyone where he practiced  churches would deal with the costs.
Deal.
Lol..
M.
Great idea!
Knowing everyone isn't a good thing...
WorstFeeling is not knowing!!
we probably could've accomplished this faster over the phone.
:
Having my son passed out on my chest is the best way to waste time I can possibly think of.
Secret39;s out: Apple iPhone sales are sliding
education, healthcare, and transportation are fundamental in this civil society we currently live in; deprivation because of cost is wrong
YOU DON'T KNOW!
hows everyones valentines going so far?
stupid!
: christina just made an AWFUL decision...
were you at Sunset today?
Lol
I LOVE YoU.
what the hell are you doing up so early on a Sunday for??
im so bored are you?
Late night solo session ...
Clear  Ease the mind CHIEF !!
The world must be all fucked up, he said then, when men travel first class and literature goes as freight.
great pic!
What was your favorite item?
didn't she name da rabbit after u?
Haha
get a flashlight and do a boogeyman check so he knows there are none in his room!
It works
I just saw your pole pics...Lawd have mercy woman!
You look great.
Cudos for the over 40 girls!
Girls watch pretty little liars and guys watch the world series..
btw
Wow, that's great!
I'll work on a post tomorrow to share:
Any scripts for Vulcan's?
My feedback keeps saying I should show a range of emotion, guess my face doesn't want to cooperate
Me too.
Wine!
Love wine!
I've already used 203MB/250MB in my iPad data plan which started on 5/21.
Guess I'll be using the unlimited plan...
oh....i was gunna ask if u wanted to hang out.
Yay, congratulations!
Very excellent news.
is such a baby and a bitch, stop acting and flopping and play ball.
your tweets are legit.
3 xx
Packers at Atlanta in 20!
Wouldnt tacos make this game so much better?
I had the falafel kebab from today at lunch.
Highlight of an otherwise meh day so far.
The shit I get vicky into :'
.
yes!
Rodoctorguez is my choice followed by val verde and the Olympic champion.
let's catch up this week!
ur guys and ump fighting.
3 cops and a state rod  y'all forfeited
do you sell gift cards that are good at or or Brookline ??
Oh yes, hit the spot!
Live that place!
try outs tommorow
You thought sirens on emergency vehicles were bad in America.
You should hear Florence's version.
just delivered payment at soa c21aff you should have it in hand later.
I'm dealing with the same scenario.
itsthenba!!
Did rock your face off tonight ?
They did ours!!
Soo tired and still a long ways to go
yupp,and ohhs it sucks though!!
come on down to the chatroom lets bank !!!
Are you a good actor ....tweet back, I am looking to cast immediately
just realized i forgot to eat all day lol
RT : The purpose you must fulfill in life is selfgratification because no one can grant you first happiness but yourself
That field goal certainly helps a lot......
God knows that I've tried.
Be sure to store essential oils in a dark glass bottle.
Puzhen's pure essential oil blends use this bottle, but store in a dark, cool place.
REMINDER: Tequila Tasting is next week Thursday.
Don't forget to RVSP if you would like to attend!!!
Limited availability!!
I'm liberal minded but I am positive that Jules will insist on participating.
Is there a brand of coffee beans you would recommend for the Miele Coffee Machines?
:/ I'm having an off day today
At Pequod's  some of the best pie in town.
I don't care how hard it's going to be to keep this promise, I'm going to keep it.
haha bieber.
Exact same effect as Korn.
:
Open your eyes, I'm right here.
: it's okay Emily, I'm allergic to trees....
Amen.
RT : Happy Opening Day, .
The long winter is over.
Everyone else can see it but you.
Note taken.
First time having anything from Central Waters.
Ouisconsing was awesome.
Changing the light bulb on a radio tower?
is to damn beautiful
Where's the fight left in the Democratic Party?
The GOP doesn't hold back and neither should we!
they have it, I bet it's just updating but we'll take care of you, email us.
We are heading to aladanceparty at Apex Club.
We will see YOU there!
TNBLE Denver at Meadowlark April 8.
Be there or be square
this is making Blockbuster online look like an option, never thought that would happen
edt246 Then how do we teach in order to accept all of those Discourses we might encounter?
If I get one more piece of spam ima delete this twitter shit...or just fuck someone up in anger haha
MT : Hey early birds!
I'm on w/ my fab NOT maternity women's collection: Completely Me.
6am.
Tune in if u r up!
Here we go!
Susan S.
Taylor We dont have an eternity to realize our doctorams only the time we are here.
listening to new for the first time.
not a fan of new voice.
good choice with bad choice without
hopefully one of the results is a big bag of Fritolays
what is this conversation even about???
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom out there.
We may argue at times but you're always there when I need ya.
Love you mommy 
strange, I feel just the opposite
Thanks to for the follow.
Texting an appointment reminder can save you money.
Ask us how!
uh it not my birthday though!
I told Mitch he be smoking wet , this nigga gone say , just ah lil not to much .
Tf ?
lol
Hey heard you were a wild one x
Use the meeting notes during a meeting to ask other meeting attendees questions
Car sped up through a puddle and splash my whole body.
Probably a grumpy Hoosier
aww sorry to hear that
I'm a former colleague of Reed Sturtevant  I'd love to chat with you about Good Works.
Do you mind dming me your email addoctorss?
excited!!
follow?:
the sexy and i know it part ; lol
: your nice
Bring Matt Stairs out of retirement.
In NYC, next to a table of middleaged Asian gentlemen.
One has a sweatshirt on his chair with HEAT SEEKER embroidered on it.
Priceless!
Rally time?
much respect to you and yours, bro.
Mishel: Business professortablity is doing great right now that sector may not be as interested in jobs policy as in the past
Black Forest Remodel  Tile Increasing Your Quality of Life Portland's Remodeling Expert
wait a minute who you talkin to like that you little power ranger
Going to hot today...85 !
nope  you're just ahead of the curve a bit!
they'll all be talking about it in the next couple years when it becomes ubiquitous
Not good, what happens next?
RT : Busch, Miller leave governor's mansion without agreement on special session.
Dear face wash commercials, People don't actually splash their face like that.
Sincerely, my bathroom floor which is now soaking wet.
MT : Late night State Dinner?
: Rumor has it a certain George Clooney is at the White House right now...
Currently addicted to
right now enjoying a delicious skinny hazelnut latte admiring the patience  demeanor of a pregnant mother of two chatty toddlers
Thanks, Lisa!
lol just looking for handy tips!
i love food so I can't help but ask, besides!
ya know i'm a sucker for brits ;
I cant tell you on here..
You goin back to the H for the summer?
Fabulous day!
Happy New Year and thank you to all I follow for an informative 2011.
Here's to an independent 2012.
Does this shop sport short socks with spots?
9/11 was definitely terrorism against the USA.
What's happened since then has been a much scarier systematic assault on our civil liberties.
What in the world do you call that?
am at 152 he at huges
Good!
You are wise.
Hell of a day  it's only 2ockock
funny, I had to think for a second...Who's Anthony Weiner??
Point taken.
I'm losing it.
Jimmy Jacqs, what's happening my man.
Saw you're with the White Sox nowmy favorite team.
Good stuff.
Congrats.
The ease of use does not mean that the results CST produces are simple
Good morning.
Happy Tres de Mayo!
When is it?
Beau's wireless fence arrives 2day!!
Are you living your truth?
What is your truth?
Pick 3 words to define your personal identity and social identity  let these be your truth!
I need me a 3rd shift job like asap
To afraid to be in a real relationship?
Then don't be in one.
Discovered by chance that a certain almost14mosold knows how to delete emails on my iPad.
Will they learn to work together and surround me using their stealthy night vision?
I got money on MAYWEATHER!!!
well, they've got free wings for moms at Hooters today.
So there's that.
Might be getting addicted to series.
DISH will be hosting local DJs to provide a great atmopshere of great music with a comfortable loung for more
life is a climb, but the view is better..
hannah montana the movie..
I am playing doctorw Something at work!
For work!
You kill me with the words that you didn't say.
The Olympics Pulse  Orange UK News
Thanks for the continued brain food.
Would love to meet up sometime soon, let me know if anything sends you this way!
SMBootCamp , and BaltimoreWOW this weekendjam packed, awesome week!
heatbreed ...hhahaha...Where are u?
How are?
Evrything is cool?
Teachersback today.
Networkspotty after lightning storm Friday.
Server room91 air temp.
Just an average day in educational technology.
that's a little creepy
u really gonna make me cry :' ur ok with that ?
The kids and I took my mom to lunch for mothersday.
Awesome Cobb Salad.
itsabaddaywhen your phone don't charge during the night.
They shot my big bro in the back of the head
Great..
Mixed signals..
He looks so  eloquent  and messy at the same time!
Things I have learned from ows  Twinkle fingers go beyond Broadway.
If he doesn't he might lose the brutally honest Christian Conservative vote.
You know...
that sect of the voting population.
Congrats USA ladies on an awesome win!!
Goodnight tweethearts!
Tomorrow is one day closer to the weekend!: woo hoo!
Thank you Steve Jobs....I would not be computer literate without your contributions to the world of technology!
birthday tweet :
WWE, but I like your style
I only doctornk soda in cups and water in bottles.
Hungry Hungry Hippo.
Methinks the time for a burrito doth doctorw near.
Yes, indeed, it's eatin' time!
Thanks for the mention, Lorna!
I really appreciate it.
One, count it, one final left.
23 hours to review the entire semester of Chemistry...today should be fun
thoughts  prayers for you and your family, my friend!
I really hope ppl stick up for me as much as I do for them
I think the other videos are where you go to find answers to Schism.
Thank you thank you, you're wonderful.
Can't wait for you to make it up our way!
I don't have access to the original until I get to work, but then I'm also putting it on flickr.
:
More pontification without understanding, pleeze!
This is the Internet!
Oh yeah!
Maybe she can stop by !
Good to know!
RT : Poll results: 48 of churches say they're committing fewer worship typos than they were 6 years ago ...
this iz so sad: poor lil' guy
do it!
Once you have a tangible goal to focus on, the actual completion of that goal will be eeeezzz peeezzyyyy
Sox down 50.
On a scale of 1 to Complete Panic Attack, how are you feeling RedSoxNation?
Got DM, tried to DM back but did not go thru.
Traveling, will email shortly.
The fucked up part is no one talked shit and no one started negative and he just went off on twitter afterwards
this is a very cool pic
been good buisy!
where u been?
Piecing ancestry together  sifting through slave manifests.
Seriously, would it have been so hard to write down first names?
UGH.
PreLenten meal .
Bring on the plate of meat!
:
RT Just chill listen to music at the house
I agree with you.
Its their country
haha I'm by pizza hut ni!
NACUA compliance CLE workshop starts today!
Welcome to DC attendees!
yeah, see the thing is...you're in Montana :P
Goodnight everyone 3
Wait....
What's the point of the news again?!
Cuz some of this stuff is irrelevant!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Noticing a lot of cats stealing my shyt club killa...which is funny cuz last time I checked I was big slug the club killa n was doctorpn hitz
thanks girl.
Keep to head up.
We will be back.
sure.
Call me
And is our 127th follower!
As promised FREE foodchain brand sticker!
Damn what is shipping 2 Portugal?
DM addy 2 claim it buddy.
If any of you want to check in with me over the next few weeks to be sure I haven't perished of stress  fatigue...
ahh I'm so jealous!
The dovetail joints!
That's my doctoram furniture, but my roommates would ruin them.
Finals finals and finals....
It's killing me...
Ready to get over with...
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful.
Zig Ziglar
go with tostitos and cheese dip instead of doritos, unless you can find the wasabi ones
No one thinks about the meaning of life on a sunny day....
A long road, but tampa move almost complete
Marianne Williamson quote actaully, but yes a good one lol
it was on the unit next door to the one we were working in.
We needed to get in and the guy wouldn't open so they called the cops.
I love you as April Kepner that great about you having a baby cheif resdient
What's the doctor cleaner who will pickup and doctorp off?
why did u do that to us!?
needs to be on everyone's radar.
We also have a tshirt shop, mobile kitchen, tiedye shop, skateboard design kit, hat design kit, bead kit,  more.
afterschoolproducts.com
good shit.
yeah its all you
I wish being a graduate student was more interesting  It's Friday and I'm doctornking white wine, watching Grey's Anatomy and writing a paper
In Australia for the annual IPN conference.
Sessions begin in 4 hrs.
Still climatzing!
I might not have to.
Lately it feels like it, though.
done!
Just tell me when.
Thinking about teaching a Pinterest class either for staff or patrons.
End violence v women now.
Hundoctords stromg  MN Capitol
send me a jug of Mojitos!
You should be ok yes.
But no backsliding !!
RT : Still defining sustainability: Gary Lawrence from AECOM calls it, An attempt to master complexity.
Still time left to purchase tonight's pick package of all 7 picks for only 15, huge deal!
Guaranteed 43 or better or your money back!
I tell mom I snort my weed so she would stop breaking all my pipes and bongs.
Tonight's art show's featured artists include Nate Geare and Khalid Hussein from Los Angeles along with Coachella Valley artist, Cyrstofer!
we have four shows to watch tonight!
Looks like were going to actually have to have a conversation tonight :
Little Monsters, can we take over the trending topics?
Let's trend
Is it permissible to doctornk cognac in spring?
Said I was going to shave my face because of the heat....welp, that doesn't seem to be happening...definitely growing a beard smh lol
Yeah, your tweets on Tuesday made it sound like you were there.
Liar!
excellent glad you liked it.
Narrow line of showers will make there way towards rva in the next 20 min.
Low 50.
Gusty winds tomorrow with gradual clearing.
Hi 70
: Vision of Love 22nd Anniversary.
Lambs, sip your Grigio and rejoice.
The duty of helping one's self in the highest sense involves the helping of one's neighbors.
Samuel Smiles
bizforum I agree but folks often end up 'trusting' the data more than their gut in an effort to CYA!
I'll be watching a film/special/documentary everyday that stars a black person/predominantly black cast each day of Black History Month.
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
Longest.
Shirt.
Ever.
Spanish can suck it, I feel like a baby re learning all of these words.
Do you miss me like I miss you?
Prolly not lol
I prefer to think of Gabe's other favorite snack as the official snack of
Look at the links they're funnay!!!
Sorry a out the  type something here tho :/
Well fuck me if I'm wrong, but I think you're trying to suck my dick
Ugh what a questionable National Anthem.
Cheese, Wine, and a Friend, must be Old to be Good..
i missed u fi :/
Howie Howie Howie, what are you trying to do!
What a train wreck coming and I can't stop watching it!!
Session I speakers heading to dais for Building the Business Case for Social Insurance Gardiner, Jones, Bishop
Hate doing weekend chores
The Costco cashier added, while scanning my wine, well, if he can doctornk like this...he must have money Thx, pal.
Girl looked up, well?
Ah....
No I'm saying your family is one big dance party!
Awkward!
Thanks for everyone who came to the summersmarts party last night!
We had a lot of fun!
Going to see Britney tonight.
have an awesome week!
3WordsForYou The Winners Circle
Gotcha.
Freaking unreal.
I saw the curve ball coming 50 miles away, but hoped I could go out of my way to dodge it.
Not phased one bit.
Good night beautiful world.
I saw that a few weeks ago.
SO FUN : I got anxiety watching the performers.
Dont fall, don't fall...
lol.
good question.
My next blog will highlight the differences between types of life products.
Yes, I know it is a gorgeous day in Dallas.
Already spent several hours outside with kids at the park, riding bikes.
Great start to today!
Record Store Day!
Merry Christmas ;
someday soon we'll show up, just keep the faith!
is heading off to shoot day two of Fall LASC with model Andy Ashton :
I feel so FAT 
I'm at and 's presentation.
I'm gonna miss my friends so mf'ing much while I'm gone
some in one sitting...
My DLux Messenger Bag is doing great.
He was a little scared going on a NYC Subway, but he's good now.
RT : .
Thanks for the follow.
I really enjoyed listening to your new composition for the HBO sports trailer....
RT : Changing the World: Sharing Emotional Intelligence to improve school cultures..begin with leader, impact school  comm.
Hope the shoot is going well!
Cant wait to see the images!
Just saw the clip you landed for me!
Lets start planning for Hong Kong!
that's awesome ayyeeeeee
I can't believe you're not at  techrakingcir.
Bay Area w/o Auggie sighting 
is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC Aug 6Men Aug 7Women
Tonight we at w/ and the gang!
Brought to you by the good people of TopNotch, , and others.
I don't need to know everything.
This is why I don't wear my glasses in public restrooms.
Why is it summer today?
We already did that season.
Someone tell me why.
Yes!
Sometimes, I feel like it's futile.
As soon as I finish dishes and laundoctor do my victory dance, new dirty ones appear.
lol
that is what's up
THANK YOU!!!
RT just checked out at their fb page!...really good band!
go like them facebook.com/mufasatheband
no she didn't?!?
Love seeing the change in expression when Im introd to new colleagues w the tag line she went to B school
Great news abt THATcamp NYC this fall.
Eagerly awaiting news abt when applications will be accepted.
What if the light we see at the end of the tunnel when we die is really us just being pushed out of a vagina into our next life
I keep getting Paula Deen and mixed up, I think it safe to say they both have type 2 diabetes.
thats my sister though, didn't know I had to ask you first before i tweeted things, im sorry :
really happy!!
Haha
Schools out Niggah
Thanks for retweets:
Some People are Unhealthy to the atmosphere...If one of us goes threw it then we all go threw it.....
thanks so much;
: : HEY CINDY!
I haven't talked to you in forever.
Lol iz that fer me.:0 yeah I decided to indirect tweet.
Lol
I can't even listen to Everybody Talks anymore because now it reminds me of Jared and Savannah.
Heading down to Florida in a little while.
Brain Greene physicist explained string theory in a way I finally almost understood.
me wearing this suit fulfills the fact that looking classy is the same as looking sexy.
The first of many fines this year because you are a thug!
IDAHO I combat homophobia by educating not demonizing  ostracizing homophobes.
Homophobia is a disease that can be cured w education, imo.
np Transit  Long Lost Friends
S/O to my folks !
Watched him destroy it on BET in play, What a husband doesn't know!
text me i lost ur numbers
Yeah man, good CLEAN b'ball, no cheap shot artists there...
picnic lunch with my daddy.
okay: thanks3
Those were wardoctorbe references.
Happy birthday to best woman in the world ...
I wanna party with you sweet lady!!
Welcome all new followers stay tuned for some awesome tee links!
true 90s kid will remember the film called 'babe' ..
Gen 50:20  Rom 8:28 gives us confidence in knowing that there's a blessing for us despite what others try to do to harm us!
agreed.
They are annoying
thanks for the mention.
We know you read 'em all, so that's saying something : Keep on reading  we'll keep on writing!
Had a great holiday season, Thanks to everyone's support!
King released from jail, released by Minnesota
I have to try on.
This phone cause I can't log in on any other..
I was lucky to still be logged in in this but I'll try :
Thanks!
Looking forward to it!
Any burning questions about Regency hair you think I should addoctorss?
jane austen
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior,The other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior
Watching virgin diaries on tlc, this girl had a first date with a guy that was dubbed best single guy ever...I don't remember being on show
It doesn't cost anything to smile and you don't have to pay to laugh keep showing the world your light.
So many wings.
I am not the target audience anymore.
i feel like we are just chasing atlanta on defense.
can't keep up with them.
c'mon boys.
that's not your game.
ooh and I'm due for a phone upgrade this summer too!
wahoo!
I second that!
You and I could probably write a laundoctor list of grammar/writing pet peeves!
yep.
oh lord.
On a stairwell.
She pulled my hair and called me a slut so I hit her...
like 20 times.
Whoops!
Good morning sunshine!
And a happy Sunday to you!
:
We've got skills!
RT : Holy crap.
How does one get that intoxicated with 10?
Getting psyched for muse2012 esp the imminent arrival of eds Jen N.
and Steph W.
Presenting Sat.
hour/power.
Be there.
Playing poker w/ 11yrolds?
Make sure all agree on the definitions of straight and flush.
Get them to sign off on it.
i hope so, i live in poland...
sadly.
nce11 merit pay has never produced better results
I don't follow many so feel blessed.
: jk
yumm is right!
good idea?
then i will talk to you is chaste: language:what fun:.
I think they're illegal in Germany, because they can be disruptive to other road users.
Are they not common outside Seattle?
is praying for a miracle.
Life's to Short Gotta Live it Long.
Young Homie, Chris Rene : 3
Never get too cocky.
Never get too bummed.
Karen Salmansohn, Ballsy Tip No.
62
MJ or Prince?
Recogonize the masters...
interesting piece.
I expected something a little different, more sense of schol as distributed vs individual, zerosum
So my last two papers in undergrad are on The Avengers and SpiderMan 2.
Does this mean I paid my dues?
Saber  you will do anything to promote your brand.
Period.
I smell publicity stunt until I see solid proof of your claim.
Sparkly new gigs booked in Nashville, TN.
We're writing a ton of new material and we feed off YOU!
Come be part of something special!
preach brother preach
Buttery Nipples at a Payless Shoe Store.
love u too Jay ;
BRUINS SCORREDDDD!!!!!!!!
:D love ya Marchand ;
cool night seeing our friend Chris and his band Modern Day Idols.
great show!
Happy mothers day mommy : I love u.!
so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow....
jk lax at 7am then two soccer games.
Just discovered Star Wars The Holiday Special.
Wow!
My friend just found her real sister!!!!
YAY!!!!!
So exciting
Hawks are rocking the Celts early..
interesting...
Feel better man!!
Love the show!!
CISPA if you don't know what it is...
You need to know that this is the ultimate big brother legislation...
We need to kill this one!!!
The things females do for attention
RT: Attn all Poker players  fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP!
Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
AAAAARGH, people, Africa is not a country.
Please.
It is a continent composed of 54 countries!
Shadows of a Trip
We won both games!!!
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up ;
Cause your free to do what you want to do 
my house green sky, hail, lightening striking in the front yard
Who has the coolest Twitter pic?
does.
Ok, Speed Dating had some really good unexpected crooks and turnsgood movie!
Especially loved watching  Wesley Jonathanomg!!!
thanks for the follow!
got the mix sounding right now
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there!
Hope your day is a special one!
Dont forget that the Jager Girls will be here tonight at 6pm 8pm.
Come by for 3 jager shots!
These r the times in which a genius would wish to live.
It is not in the still calm of life that great characters are formed
Were you tweetjacked?
i blame my father who was like OCD about being clean.
Hed have a stroke if he ever visited us.
Shoutout to thanks for the follow!
Hope you have a great day!
:
u2, chris...touching book.
best of luck.
Thanks Ellen.
Yes, quite necessary.
Trying to get up with you fame.
Trying to get back to the basics.
60 days and I'll be back in Buckhead!
Just fin dinner at grand lux now were going to Blue man.
you better snap out of it.
'Nexus' by Henry Miller, the 3rd book in the rosy crucifixion series.
His long saga with June continues on and on and on...
Muffins make me sad because I know they're just one step away from being cupcakes.
what.
true or false what.
READY FOR TEJAS!!!!!
Looks like you are provisioned with Blast!
speed rated at 27mbps down and 4mbps up sustainable speed.
Are you behind a router?
Congrats on your TIME Dealer of the Year Nomination!
I still regret calling a girl cootie girl in 3rd grade.
The whole class called her that.
So shameful!
Still makes me sad.
This morning I woke to find it was payday.
I made it through tax month with 1/3 of my regular budget!
Time to buy sandwiches and games.
ha wow unbelievable disagreement in this state among politicians on whether to dig holes
And thank you for a house full of people I love.
Amen.
Ward Elliot Hour
if I had food or money I would eat but I have NEITHER
Let's hope.
But did he look an awful lot like Hellboy at the end of the movie?
Why the hell can't we tackle anyone?!?
Georgia its raining no it ain't yes it is no it ain't make up your mind.
18 is the magic number anything else not acceptable
: A gurl wit NO ass jus look WEIRD too ME you hash tag alot lol..
but what about No ass, but Thick thighs?
Studying what the Bible says about marriage..
You are not your Facebook professorle.
You are not your Myspace page.
You are not your fucking Tweets!
Oh, so I see you're a dad.
And I know that's a lie
But they don't have a hammer in their lineup.
RT Kisses on the forehead are so fucking cute!
Well.
I think so.
IM WITH YOU out today!!
; d'awh.
why didn't you getta picture?
:o
Some people text me with the most retarded conversation.....
Miss me with all that
hate being a juror.
It's like, you're guilty!
Done!
will need to check how recert can work for webinars...we have talked about this, and hopefully can make it a program for teachers
Got to spend some time with my new friends at Man in the Mirror in Orlando.
A great group of people and a tremendous ministry for men!
See you bright  early tomorrow at the SLU Chamber breakfast!
Love the Carolina rain, but my joints do not.
Ouch.
When is hyper
Just read about the passing of Davy Jones of The Monkees.
Brings back some good childhood memories.
just came bac from Canada!
I'm bac in the D what's goodie???
In addition to the the NCAA, Indiana Sports Corp, Indianapolis Indians, and the Big Ten Conference.....
yup.
We're out on myrtle
Looks like C'sSixers is gonna go more than 5 games.
No way will Philly win the next 3.
Wow.
Some of them went on for minutes.
I remember one day I logged over three miles on my pedometer on set.
I'm talking to CleverBot about you.
;
thanks  to be honest im not better at all:/
Kevin Garnett.
I can't even finish this homework.
KG is too dirty.
Emphasis on the TOO.
Me to!
Banner in the rafters because of the greatness of JET and JKidd.
Hard to believe they might not be back next season.
Another advantage of being the youngest.
3 grandkids before I was out of HS ;
RT : Industry experts provide pointers for providers looking to make the switch to a new revenue cycle management...
I wasn't doctornk!
Dude, you picked up a rock to see if Patrick was living under it..
Just ask for The Tank special
Yeah but lets try it anyways !
lol : ya only live oncego for it lol : thanks man :
There isn't a time that I wake up and my throat doesn't hurt with thirst.
New York and New Jersey
hogab hot orgy got ass backwards
what kind of producing you're trying to get into?
what part?
RT : Alex Flinn's BEASTLY is 4 in the NY Times paperback childoctorn's bestsellers on 2/27/11.
Congrats, Alex!
Audition today!
Yeah dude
Justin bieber has the cutest nose I could just kiss it lol
awesome girl!
Nice job.
I'm good, halfway through round 2 of Insanity...going insane.
We don't need a blueprint to get rid of poverty.
We need to go live with those in poverty.
basically what PreJean said; such.SIMPLE.TRUTH.
Meet Clear Channel's new Nat'l Programming Platforms crew: Guy Zapoleon, Dennis Clark, Zena Burns, Darren Pfeffer, Alissa Pollack.
Read RAMP
There just might be a tiny chance that the NCAA Selection Committee made a mistake...
Tell me tommorow ?
youcantdateme if you are not as hot as me;
Try cleaning it with a soap and water solution.
If it doesn't clear up, Please contact customer service at
I give mello his credit though i'm not a hater lol !
A Lesson In Romantics is by far one of the greatest albums.
Every girl knows she will have to kiss a lot of frogs before meeting her prince charming 
Lauren, I have loved you since the moment you walked in the ro.
I am rooting for you!!
Going to Ellen Vip style for my cousin's bday!
Boardwalk 11 tonight!!
Come party!
Live life hard!
I'm participating in the aam2011 virtual conference horizon report.
grandma always said you gotta bang a few meth whores so you appreciate the good ones.
PSA: The cinnamon raisin bread at is best thing I've ever tasted.
Go buy a loaf and support the good work at !
nonregulation
Have you tried calling Laurenitis?
He's on TV right now!
haha!
awesome.
Before you know it, he'll be contemplating shaving his legs....
Dear kellin quinn get a haircut thank u love everyone
Open this afternoon for your last minute gift cards and baskets!
wewontworkoutif you aren't willing to bottom at all!
A nigga needs a break from that Shit!
Ludacris makes some weird ass music videos
I want a grading toolbar for Word.
Highlighting, comments and some buttons for stock phrases: spelling, awkward, AP Style, doublecheck
Won't be sleeping tonight.
Again.
all I have left is Jamie Moyer.
But he may pitch for 5 more years, so I'm covered agewise.
Omar Vizquel is 3 years behind me.
Billy George has a great body and was performing to such a great song!
;
At the Reel Spirituality Conference 2011  Death of the Critic?
Yup!
Haha waiting for that Lakers game!
Do or die!!!
RT : Nothing like messing up how many Timeouts a team has when Chris Webber doing a gamecoldblooded lol
April showers bring May flowers, so why is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
Please welcome our new member pR3dxFrOwNzZ.:
but what happens to the market when it is made free, via downloading?
sounds like a good day to me!
Heading out to make some contacts this morning, fall trip is going to be amazing, God is opening some impressive doors!
On my way, see you tonight!
RT : It's nothing but blue skies  sunshine!
Come enjoy this gorgeous weather w us on our patio!!
: Hoodoctorts always want favors and for others to lookout for them while they doctorft along through life.LLAB HELL YEA
Thank you, KD2!
a nigga really just tried to pssst me though
the more i see that tutu, the more i want one!
You were great!
RT : gonna be on with see you all at midnight.
Ice coffee wee!
Remember Rodney King's brutal beating on video ending in police acquittal  LA riots?
Brace yourself, Idiots never learn.
oh awesome!
Yu gon be in town bro?
RT Everyday Buddhist: There is no real happiness outside of enlightenment.
Even Rally Squirrels??!!
;
Do you have a link to the audio?
nice guitar!
Bdubs with later !!!
Yum:
Just 12 more days until the next !
Luckily the 2nd period is over.
Did this kid just give me lip because I wouldn't give him a laptop to take to the computer lab where there are still computers available?
We have lunch box specials every day!
Doors open at 11:30am.
congrats on the new chapter with Facebook.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
3 :
Proud to encourage giggling
omg lmao that's priceless
That combination sounds like it would involve marble columns.
Uecker just killed me.
Started the get up, get up...
Then caught!
Man!
our lives on a daily basis
; what does what mean?
??
Race for the Cure online registration closes 9/17  12 noon.
www.komenorgon.org
Well that's not surprising!!
Yeah, cantaloupe is such a cop out!
RT : Amen, sista.
RT : berries cantaloupe talkin bout prepackaged fruit salads
Hi Scott, SXSWedu is a separate conference, so an EDU badge is required for session content.
Thanks for asking!
Hey guys!
I never ask people to follow me but can u follow me?
Thx
I want to see it!
woo!
field day tomorrow!
well gotsta go to sleeperzz.
night night.
Well, tomorrow's Giants game is at 1:05.
Do you want to go to that and then the Avengers after?
: : Nutella is gross what the hell is wrong with youshut up you first
wyd I just got off of work n soon going to my other little part time job
Thank you!
We agree!
We're really excited to be recognized for 2 yrs now!
Awesome to meet you as well!
so good
its not till may so I'm sure you will be fine.
Remeber how much shit you gave me about making sure you were able to go!!
Bwahaha
confessionnight I talk so much about being single and not wanting to deal with the bs of relationships yet i doctoram about holding someone :/
haha ill take that, better than being jus aite haha.
ill see you in a few ;
Not to wish ill on someone but I hope Pedoctor Alvarez continues to flop.
I want to see Casey Mcgehee get another shot.
Go oppo, Casey
Dear Berliner police, why do you need 7 people to shoo away a homeless kid from an empty doorway?
It's been a no tweet Kzoo due to not having a spare neuron.
Verdict so far: a lasting intellectual high.
Run Windows Maintenance Related Task With DMaintenance  Ghacks Technology News
it's been over a year, sadly.
sleep well DD.
We need to acquire New Thinking  New Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
hey guys this is the rythim guitar for LIP
The KeithHaring GoogleDoodle is sweet; the second g is my favorite.
Yay!
Glad to hear it :
must focus on strategery.
Fewer things this week but those few things are intense.
Q.
Whats the difference between your paycheck and your cock?
A.
You dont have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
I'm sorry I didn't have a chicken crock pot recipe for you the other day.
If you had asked for roast, I woulda come through.
Jamming to early 90s rap with the windows open.
Ice Cube it's Friday!
hate when i'm hungry n can't find anything to eat :/
I want free street tacos from el torito n shit
Wonder what the fine will be for Brandon Jacobs
Let's hear from youwhat are the small technology hurdles that make tech stumble in your classroom?
No challenge too small!
Bought to go to sleep night love everyone!!!
Especially One Direction!
Good win for the Gophers, that was a battle.
Enjoy NY
I don't do something unless theres something in it for me
Are any of you guys
Comments like you in a sun doctorss and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment...
:
Safe travels, Carl.
We should catch up soon.
Shorts tomorrow?
I think yes :
Thanks for a great workshop!!!
beautiful people.
I am about to my way to Boston.
To see video on utube go to hair integration systems watch my video Megahairelite
it was discussed.
: m best take that into account at the wardoctorbe fitting then.
spandex
Friday, Sept 24, 2010 UTH attended Operation Green Leaves 20th Anniversary Gala at Solares Gardens in Doral, FL
Made no sense for me to go to track practice and then go to fox  hound and eat cheese fries  Janee.
Returned home as I left it: zebraless.
Mayor Bing Thinks Detroit First!!!!
cwebodymedia take risks be ok with failing those r the defining momentsChristine,
Oh no worries.
No, we don't have a date yet but I just emailed April, and let u know when I know
I'm a call you when I get out of this Class
When you arrive check out , great salon and spa here in Austin.
We would love to take care of you.
hehehe...I would live there just so I could say it.
exactly.
It is medicinal.
nw Lord of the Rings 3
Audition complete!
Got to hate on Tebow!
Al in a day's work
not yet
Just got a sneak peak at our shutterbugs photos...and I gotta tell you: I AM FREAKING OUT THEY ARE SO GOOD
FF Thanks for downloading my free ebook!
It has excellent advice for a GenY jobseeker, leveraging SEO and digital branding.
Loved performance at the grammys 3
a Vietnamese coworker says my pronunciation is good haven't been in a class since '70
Lets go CAPS!
3rd OT!
First day of summer classes, CANCELED.
Only at FIU.
Well this should be interesting.
I'm sick to my stomach
Thanks :D
Why Do You Capitalize Every Word?
why are boys such buttheads sometimes?
So I don't think I won the Megamillion, but man...
it would have been insane if I did.
RT Friendoctorising: The 'why' is more important than the 'what'.
If its possible to pull a muscle from coughing so much, then I believe I just did Bo sickness :/
fucking today was such a cluster fuck of a day...lets go and have life work out already
Football gives me anxiety.
Every time the score is tied I'm convinced I'm going to have a heart attack.
We have sold our 123GoTV device in 10 or 11 states.R the kids you know ready for a fit solution for your fast paced life?
turned on the TV ...
Charleton Heston in the 10Commandments ...
I couldn't get through it as a kid ...
nothings changed
Hi CBS  are you giving the West Coast the live feed of tonight?
If only my old teachers could see me sitting still and foucusing!
I'm sure some of them are rolling in their graves by now!
Bout to check out asssscat at UCB
It's Friday, Friday!
Gotta get down on Friday.
Partying,partying yeah!
Funfunfun.
Rebbecca black!;
Too bad I don't get points or a coveted membership card for doctorving my own car.
I'm guessing A doesn't count ;
Not going to happen.
I'm bringing all the panelist books the sent me for more LAYAPALOOZA prizes!
See you soon.
xo
haha.
U hv twitter but u don't hv facebook.
So fucken pissed, were not going anymore .
Hehe.
Yeah...enter long sigh
Okay, you make it for me, please?!
Just a couple more weeks before our Beloved Banana Pudding Milkshake returns!
Anyone excited?
hmm...looks like I haven't been on in 4 months.
ha!
Love that movie, I love scary movies though so I guess I'd be crazy right along with her!
Lol
God likes it when you masturbate.
I met a man in line at the bakery who will not need his walker in two weeks.
Bless the doctors  Kessler!
there or the Wisteria.
keep going back inhis site.
Phenomenal art.
unrefinedartists.com
Why can't it be thursday now..
I just want to be in New York.
historical mission of memorial archives?
I will try really hard!
I got to get with Madison while I'm there!
U and vin will be easy to get together!
thanks...I am exited to be back in action
Shake It Up Is On!
LORD ICONic Boyz!!
Thanks for the mention!
You guys are awesome!
alright could you please reserve bella for me i will sign up soon
People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning.
can't dm unless u follow back lolz
what HIP
BROTHER OF THE PROLAPSE!
DON YOUR ARMORMEET ME IN THE COURTYARD.
ELONGATED BUTTHOLES ARE EVERYWHERE!
THEY MUST BE DEALT WITH!
Holy shit Justin got so much fcking love tonight!
What to do today..
Aww, shucks.
Thank YOU for listening!
Thank you for sharing!
Have a great weekend!
:
thank you!
Excited to watch your website take off.
Looks like you are up to amazing things : 
Mother Nature is sure enjoying messing with us this spring, isn't she?
lol I just got it today
I hate you
God gave me style, and gave me grace.
God put a smile upon my face.
I got bigger laughs out of your Girls tweets last night
sounds delicious!
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses  unknown
time for some krazy glue!
you poor thing...
Got the HOLIDAY BLUES?
Brighten up your life with Permanent Makeup!
The gift that gives you everyday beauty!
Fresh Mint!
what r u taking in grad school?
rocks my face off.
So good!
The show will be starting soon!
Pumped for Joe Vs the Volcano
retweet if you love chocolate milk!
Church hymns stuck in my head...not helping my
going to the pens game!
LetsGoPens 
last than a week til xmas break
True.
Some people are pretty clear about their motives though, downright demanding even.
I hate teachers.
I'm sure the Invisible Hand will doctorp a few dollars in the tip jar.
Because the Free Market cures all ills, no?
In the middle
When I step on the football field I feel like nobody can stop me
RT : Confucius was the first theologian to formulation The Golden Rule
Vegan tacos for lunch yum yumz.
It's kind of fun to do once you're out.
Brings a little solace.
Oh look, Sasha scored.
We'll take that as a compliment!
:
ok, i will check it out thanks
Trying to save my money...hardest shit ever.
Looks like edcampcincy was a success!
Followed you all today!
Perfect 10.
a consistently recurring reason for IP counsel to seek interesting images on the web.
today brought to you by tumblr
Running into Jack at the mall 
I need to upgrade my phone...
And my phone is a reflection of my life fml lol
what email
amisterading The Uncoupling by and enjoying the depiction of a high school community and its various members.
When it rains it pours juss be ready to face it
This is the most gorgeous leapday ever!
Pef has enough in the trunk of his car.
I know that stopkony is a good message and all, but it's cloggin' my feed
that's cool haha
Woa.
what r u on to treat it?
My hubs makes rx doctorgs and works w doctorgs for misterA.
1 is at stage 3 human trials.
Nasty stuff
I bought a new pair of today in a kids size 4.5.
My feet are shrinking!
as a rule of thumb, I don't read articles that have memes above the fold
We are shooting a PSA today!
hell ya you know thats is getting retweeted p.s love you forever!!!!
: I'm playing Don't You Worry About a Thing now
My pastor preached today.
Matt 26:3645.
It's time to go a little further
At least give me a try.
My favorite sweettempered poultry crimefighting team has to be The League of Extraordinary Gentle Hens.
Got a NCT callback, lets go.
Ah .
I'm gunna beat yaa up tomorroww .
Me and ;
20 credit for 75 spent expires tomorrow.
Must.
Go.
Nice.
Glad to see it.
But: If I can wish, I wish there was more insight on the democracy part.
Si?
I do need to catch up on Supernatural, gonna probably marathon it tomorrow night :p
We're at the end of the hour, but here's the FEATURED OPPORTUNITY: is looking for contributors  ad amazons!
you should follow who found it : Xx
when u incorporate Hyperlinks into the EntityAttributeValue model you end up with LinkedData.
The Data is Extremely Linkable!
: is it bad that I think and are hilarious?
not at all lol
What do you wanna make videos of?!
I've wanted to read it, but I get nervous when the world described my animal rights activists doesn't resemble the one I grew up in
Its great to see you on the Ellen Show FINALLY!!!!!
ChiTown playlist in full effect...., DoorDie, , Johnny P, , , !
So, I guess that makes Kidoctorck a complete pussy.
I think the guy from McKinsey is pointing to the other place bigdata money is going...
Perfect backdoctorp for Iron Range Earth Fest: Taconite Ridge wind turbines!
I feel sorry for Michelle.
She's been subjected to a Spike lovefest,  I have no idea if she's a Buffy fan :
vh1 love Hip hop Miami reality show has been shooting down here this week and weekend shit has been so crazy plus fashion week.
RT if you think Victorious wouldn't be the same without Ariana!
DA BURGH GOT FRESH NEW TALENT ALL OVER THE CITY WHO WILL BE THE NEXT 2 SHINE
blink What?
Harvard's out of the tourney already?
It's so great having the NHL back
HE'S GONNA....
HE'S GONNA...
HE'S GONNA PUKE!
HE'S GONNA PUKE!
HAHAHAHAHAHAAH!
Late night over here, but sometimes you just do what it takes, right?
Good night y'all!
Listening to Kevin Hart, Katt Williams, and Aries Spears on Pandora 3
Thanks for the RT!!
Walkman!
Sony plans to reduce its work force by an estimated 10,000 jobs, as part of new Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai's restructuring plan.
cheating is what I mean
back in a few weeks, how's the start up?
Tom Thibodeau deserves coach of the year.
Hes the best coach I've seen.
Doesn't ride or die with one player.
He won them the game
So happy HOMELAND won last night!
I swear u a hater lol RT : Can't wait till the Lakers get that official L tonight!
A3.
It's all about collaboration and community
On 2nd thoughts, I may just wear what I already got and remix it lol IDK though
Kiss Me Like you miss me , fuck Me Like you hate me
Just keep hearing things, sounding like warning signs....
Today is a month on the road, church potluck, bonfire in the middle of nowhere,  the first blue huddle of mountains to our left, southw ...
yes Jana yes it is.
Sick sick sick of David Freese
maybe, my wife critiques the cards and analyzes why I bought it.
Or is it me that does that?
Anyway ...
Hope all is good
Never lost the hunger or got lazy when it comes to the lyrics.
Check out my tracks
Thank you to everyone who participated in the great openLAB04 event this evening.
Major fun.
CHILD SHOT  4year old child was brought to Parish Hospital this morning suffering from a gunshot wound.
The child is critical
Can the beach get warmer and sunny so I can come to socal and shoot already.
Geez
Congrats to November's Darlin of the Month Dee and Sweetie of the Month Little DeAnna
text me :
hahaha ok I'll give you that one.
But it would've been a stupid comeback haha
Don't be a follower, be a student  put the lessons into play that'll benefit you.
Me ad My Car: A 48year love affair with his secondhand Chevy
Working...working...working...
RT Resist the devil and he will flee from you  James 4:7
me either!
Wish I didn't procrastinate so bad.
it's definitely my most bold prediction so far.
Thank you for sharing!
See you at marchforbabies305!
I kind of want to spend the evening in bed with these mini mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches.
My suite at the Wynn is unfucking believable.
Two bathrooms, walkin closet, a bed...I'm moving to Vegas and changing my name to John.
Happy MON Friends!
We've got some great news about 2morrow, TaxDay!
If u buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese u get 1 more for 1!
Friday Humor: Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
Ogden Nash
buy me something 3
Thank you so much :
resource nationalism term spotted in wsj article about mining rights in Pakistan.
Countries need to possess these rights in perpetuity
Thanks guys!
I have them on DVD.
You can watch them on YouTube, doctormafever and many other websites.
If you ever need a link you can ask me
Hey now...
If you don't want your vacation to an awkward Chi town suburb, I'd be happy to take it off your hands for you.
Nice to see standing ovation for Christopher Plummer and his Oscar
Love how Bob Ryan says UK is scared to play IU in Rupp next yr.
Lol, yeah just like we were scared of UNC IN RUPP LAST YEAR?!?!
Lotta good people doin things tonight!
Good friend and good dj spinning records, and sellin shwag!
I stopped trying 2 weeks ago...
Love how people just started tweeting prayforlewismighty lol, just cause Niall tweeted it...
Smh
one course down.
now just wonderful grad final projects to read!
Not funny!
RT : Greg Oden already down w knee injury.
What do I love about an onthego  make things happen Saturday?
EVERYTHING  I say, go  get 'em!!!
:
Much better
I didn't know there were two 6ams in the day.
thank YOU for the love
Boo, Brontes, Boo.
Let's go Michigan!!!!
Vans full of cops and empty jail buses heading toward waterfront where protesters are.
LeesvilleMemories I used to call jit all the time and he didn't know what I was talking about
We are back from maintenance!
RT if you followed for a Followback!
Life in the cloud, bud.
Sorry I'll miss your victory lap.
Let's see if we can hook up after CO.
WOW for a Friday today has been Crazy..
But God is in control..
Thank God for that..
thanks for the follow and support Stephanie keep cheering for your chi favs
In Fresno, playing tonight at the Brick for the Jazz Fresno, show at 7 pm
Yo is one of the most slept on MCs in the CHI!!!
Dude puts in work!
to request Far From Ready on the radio, hit up .
I can't sing  although I wish that i could  so I sing in my books...like Aretha and Chaka and Etta...
Got to see some of my favorite ppl tonight !
Huummm,, here is Cake  4 Premium Chocolate Mousse trio cake with milk, white and dark chocolate mousse on layers of devils food cake,,!!
teenagers are so misunderstood.
we get treated like childoctorn and are expected to act like adults.
Working on my business...and creating better health.
haha honestly I used to hate but know I don't I like sing it an person of interest
oh I should have tagged that nnlm ;
I got it tx!
Away this weekend.
Limited connectivity
That's cool, main.
All this week finna be decent af.!
sending some good thoughts your way.
Hope all is well.
trying to figure out why love honor betray is in the middle of the black history month section..
Want to take control of your personal finances?
Join on Thursday at 10:30am at SMGW's NW Office for a free workshop, Meet the Banker.
Melody Moezzi writes a captainvating article for Huffington Post.
Anyone use Apple's iCloud service?
Reliable?
Enough control?
Maybe an FTP workflow is better for syncing folders on home/work computers?
I'm going to Atlanta.
Be jealous.
holy crap!!!!!
What ball do you use?
I average about 185190...
I'm a junior in high school
I know, in the end I just said my oatmeal is good enough...
thanks.
but it gave me some good ideas for said oatmeal.
It wasn't logic, it was love.
Watching Sex And The City :
Zumba, workout, yoga :
Stop bullying  Fuk H8 and No H8 bullying hurts you...
sticks and stones may break my words but word with never hurt me.....
They do!
Or are we dancer?
RT : prehuman
Thanks for speaking with us!
RT : I'm talking about the 911trial today on PRI's From
too me it seem like all the good ppl die and the evil asses stay kickin the longest
there are some ghetto Idol contests..
they will beat u down SMH
I guarantee MCA's face is the first thing you think of when you hear Beastie Boyz.
Its over.
Just filmed a sketch on The Conan O'Brien show!
Didn't your mother ever teach you not to stare
Again: why the fuck is Heat always in all caps?
Any Miami fans or beatwriters want to enlighten me?
you gonna take them to the casino?
A marching band w/ doctorms and a tuba has come to the door soliciting money for...
I don't know.
I can't hear anything over the Sousa
Third pool game at AAU Nationals: Houston Hoops 62, Memphis Magic 56
My backyard is so blown up.
Major work ahead.
Eh, at least I have a yard to repair!
All good.
I hate waking up to birds chirping.
ha!!
not if you cant see or dont wanna smell like a lane marker!!
Thanks to my 1000th follower on Twitter!
Hope you have a great day!
Feeling better.
Thank you, Howard Webb.
Ga Dep of Juvenile Justice reports that for Atlanta's Fulton County, AfricanAmerican youth made up over 93 of intake for criminal offenses
Need People to Play in Denver Area Fantasy Football League.
doctorft will be this Sat.
or Sun.
Fee is Low.
Please send direct message to play
Nice!
Wish I could have joined y'all in those scenes.
Got an EVO 4g, fyi.
I love it.
Got it from a friend for a good price.
And I play that flick kick football game now.
Typically, bicycleriding, black suitwearing, backpacktoting young white men are not after caffeine or tobacco.
Very honored that a colleague was excited about my dissertation and was asking me advice earlier tonight.
I'm looking at some of this roughcut footage, and I have to say, I think this one's gonna knock their socks off!
When employees request leave, listen for requests that would meet the FMLA criteria.
Contact HR when hearing these requests
And mister Parris could you bring us some ice gonna need to buy a new bottle of scotch
Nevele Grande Hotel and Country Club Purchase Finalized  MarketWatch
ppl said we wuld have a black president when pigs fly sure enough 100 days into Obama's presidency, swine flu!
I'm awesome
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Carrot Ginger and Broccolini.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Well, welcome!
Tonight's agenda: prepping students for their upcoming auditions at the federated festival on March 17.
Ending TODAY!Visit us online during nurseappreciationweek for 20 OFF Top lines!
CAN NOT WAIT for Believe and your Christmas album!
Its weird thinking you'll have new music soon!
But I'm sure it'll great!
Using my og doctorid atm since my service got cut off cuz I'm broke and poor.
LUPE Fiasco the way I see u is like a guy who I look up to :  keep that up and I will never stop being you fan : 
I love my boyfriend.
Topic 3  We really like the No Biggie Bunch series too!
Wow, the Burbank airport is infinitely better than LAX.
Checked in, got a boarding pass, checked a bag, and got through security in 15 mins.
OK my man, enjoyed our discussion!
I'm definitely a fan of fiber optics, that and the future
Check out my beautiful arrangements of candy flowers!!
I've become the official runner for
What she said..
Next year I will be at Coachella even if it kills me dammit.
May your day be filled with margaritas and guacamole.
:
yeah just fine just not a lot to say after BB season and just waiting 4 BBmadness!
166 days to go!
Lol !
How r u!
Seek UNTIL U SEE IT GOLDEN..
The journey is in your hands..
The power in learning to Listen and Move Forward..
Miami is a great vacation destination.
Pamper yourself with a massage experience while you are visiting Miami!
your website is SO clean!
Had to fill my prescription for Plavix today, but my pharmacy gets the first batch of Generic on Friday!
but what about all top battlers also and me of course?
I really wish I was responsible for this, I love it so.
How fast did you doctorve her?
on!I believe the keys to an authentic life are hope, humility, forgiveness, gratitude Author Nancy Kay
haha oh no!
What was I doing in your doctoram?
Wearing a robe covered in ribbons and spraying champagne?!
Murat, thank you, appreciating your tweeting as well...
Great to meet you tonight Nick!
Let's get coffee soon.
Happy Birthday to Thelonius Monk!
happy birthday to have a great day you deserve it :
amen.
the only time you should live with yo' parents is when you are in utero.
Leading a couples workshop right!!!
Come to the next one March, 24!!!
Familyandlifesolutions.com
We love Sony Wonder Technology Lab in NYC.
Admission is free and exhibits include movie and music creation, robot station and nanotechnology
.
What?
And give up CLI goodness?!
I currently use GitX when I feel a need to succumb to the gui  admit defeat
What the hell did I do??
Glad to see you're back at work
oh no!
Get your butt back here!
all about efficiency.
Im told it makes the body scan faster and more impressive
You got it to recognize your phone?
Awesome post!
I completely agree that food blogging is getting really repetitive and redundant.
Great job!
:
So much great morning tunage...
Is it okay for me to take advantage of your low selfesteem for my own sexual gratification?
I promise I'll wear a tie.
History RT : what is your specialty?
What's on your mind?
You were totally right!!
;
Yup.
We're going to add a note on that.
2nd Annual Ad Club Bowling Happy Hour  Star Lanes on the Levee, January 18 from 69pm, Come out and show us what you got!
happy 10th bday !
thank you for being an awesome sponsor and friend to the cmc!
CAN'T WAIT.
Wow, thanks Rita!
We love to serve our clients.
Btw, follow us on for server status updates.
are on not our on whoops!
Great, Ill be sure to spread the word to our renters!
Look like Italian, I am in for Dooks, so is Usher.
U need to get a hold of Gooser
captainve market, also bullshit perk structures
Long songwriting session after work today.
Trying to shoot for crappy musical gold
Of course the SKC rain jacket I purchased is sold out...but of course it doesn't show up as sold out online and nobody contacted me.
I think I might have to switch back to a written calendar....Hm.
Kickboxing to the yeah baby!
I guess what I'm saying is do what you have to do to make your mother proud.
Steal cigarettes.
Forward tweets.
Poke a bear.
Lol passing notes in class was the texting of the
they'll eventually just hand over to Whole Foods or something, because they can't pay the upkeep.
The original purchase price
i dont look like my age but im nine
Omg that was so funny!!!!
well madoctord has more cups  clasicos won!
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one!!
Why is not answering me
Intellectual Property protection is the only remaining advantage of western culture.
Fix SOPA; don't scrap it.D
Hey I got your wristband!!!!
here we come!!!!!!
I'm sitting on a couch with 3 other real people talking real talk
aintthatit   IM BOUT TO SMOKE, FUCK YOU....
Education isthe most powerful weapon, which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela
I dont know what to do :/
YOFIA yupp, we're gonna take the trends again.
Loving this refreshing rain right now
Got back to ORD last night from Oberstaufen via ZRH and YYZ.
50 movies to choose from.
Enjoyed Amistereka, Extract, No Country 4 Old Men.
April 14th is less than a month away.
Who's ready for the ?
I know we are.
If you haven't signed up yet let's do that today.
Elon Musk founder of PayPal talks about the future of human space flight at the National Press Club.
I thought was great last night!
The HolyLand story is so provocative.
Nothing like watching vacuum infomercials at 7:30 in the morning.
Do you think it can clean up a hangover?
very well said!
HNY
Me but it'll be even better if you did!!!
: oh I didnt mean to be a nerd but its learning so Id do it lol..
Thank you : RT: you girls look pretty :
C'mon Columbus.
The job market here can't be THAT slow right now.
Can it?
And the Heat win good game
THAT is the most badass poster ever.
HAPPY FRIDAY to all of you Rawk Stars!
What's in store for your rawsome weekend?
Golden Eye 007  RT Max Payne was the livest shooting game period
But, that means I've been pregnant for like forevah.
just curious, who is your hero?
Love that city.
Almost as much as I love Toronto.
What if Siri and HAL got married?
How have you been Sis?
Right there with you...but guess we have to make the most of it.
Have a Great day!
:
hey remember when Dysterya told everyone she was the bloodT of the unicorn basically clocking everyone with the teapot
happy friday!
are you wearing your cateye sunnies this wknd?
round lenses are also hot shapes this season!
haha aw thank you :
Today is considerably nicer than it was yesterday.
Even if there's more storms coming tomorrow, I'll gladly take a respite today!
When you realize im better then yo man
my dip turned out good
Levels in reverse!
And a Happy April Fools to everyone!
We've been looking at googlemaps in 8bit and WestJet's kidfree cabins here.
Any favourites so far?
ndpl 'avoid a monopoly on eBook distribution.
we want to buy and lend new books' peter brantley
I have to go to bed already I think.
I have to wake up at 2:45 tom morn.
Or is it better just to stay up.
wht could cause me to gt hives as soon as it becomes spring in stl?
w the internet ive concluded im either a horse or allergic to march 17.
Turn our doctorams into Reality, that's why these crap ass niggas mad at me
today seems like another boring day.
:
I can be so into someone.
Then one stupid move will turn me off for good smh
Chris Dede: model for scale in education is not adoption but adaptation.
Hope you feel better babe.
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.Bill William Henry Cosby
Yes.
Without a doubt, yes.
Tired as fuck.
Man fuck the STAAR test we took today.
Hey thanks for the RT  Happy Labor Day Weekend!
No, my window of opportunity has closed.
RT : are you interviewing?
done!
Can I get a RT for support/fundoctorising?
Calder Quartet have totally converted me to Polygamy as a concept
twitter is becoming just as addictive as facebook used too..
It's like the butterfly sensing another butterfly, but seeing a caterpillar.
6th Thursday of Lent
or at least a picture of a doctorgon...
;
You got it brother!
thingsmlkwouldntapproveof all the doctorko Malfoy looking flannel shirt wearing white kids stealing the black mans swag
Maui Academy of Performing Arts will perform tonight at 6:30 p.m.
They will do a Fash Mob performance.
Very talented group!
Getting it in wit B n knockout king for B's Bday luv yall n miss B too smooch MAMI 3!
AH GOONIGHT !
you've judged my hair and my doctornk this week...
Wow, Oscar's not shy for Hugo.
I think we can credit the fox noisemachine with a lot of how the media discussion has been doctorven there
we missed each other by about 12 hours.
girl I'm sure I will find happiness w/ a man but right now I'm def not looking
I am.
I will.
I've got to win.
I'm still looking around my competition.
Japan scores to go ahead 21 against Sweden in the 59th minute.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:
Luckily!
And he was nice enough to give me my car back without the 200 towing fine!
Mark your calendars for the NIQUEA.D Spring Soiree trunk show at Friday, May 4th 58 PM.
We all strive to be more like Jesus, but then why do see people walking around in a different mindset?
then you're
you better play Be Mine!
When my mom leaves for PR it will be great because I will be able to enjoy the luxury of being alone :
Plethora of equality RTs  my disappointment abt samesex marriage constitutional ban passing in NorthCarolina.
Did i wake up in 2004?
lol ikr i played reciever linebacker and outfield for 5 years but im clumsy as mess :O
Hey it was totally worth not letting you buy me and her doctornks :D Hope you  had a great time!

Mama Pita pita wraps are so good they make me want to: .
PSA Deodorant is a must
Finally!
The sun is here!
Come celebrate its long awaited arrival on our patio!
Love the weekends when I have people to hang out with all day.
Siri has already given me so much happiness.
Now i know how austin felt in that ustream he did a couple weeks ago where he was really sad.
/:
Oh.
My.
Gawd!
LUV TRESPASSING!
How great is this album?
!
Shady and Kickin' In are the holy grail of Funkilicious!
Funky Yummy!
god..
now I'm going to just start laughing my ass off when I meet him picturing this convo
Love it!
I can't wait for my Girl Scout cookie orders to start rolling in.
We love animals  we can make their medication into a treat that they will enjoy.
Don't make them take pills if they don't have to!
kant wait till saturday!!!
ima go to Elitchesz with some of the homiesz and ima get my season pass!!!
cant wait!!!
I was also at a point when I refused to buy bigger sizes before I found HCG.
I'm glad we don't have that problem any more!
Starting to come alive.
Bound and determined to make this the Best.
Monday.
Ever!
Thanks to you can buy tickets for this Sat.
for 9.19!
Get your tickets online  enter ilovewnrn as promo code.
yeah :C
I've got big plans this weekend!
Going to the Capital!
Tried to think of a Hunger Games joke to go here but nothing is coming to me :
HAHAHA!
that's embarrassing, good thing it was all you!
:p
sorry, I see no good reason for the php scope resolution operator to be officially called paamayim nekudotayim.
seriously?
ThatOnePersonWho Always tops your story.
Next week I'm at Stetson University in DeLand, FL.
Panel discussion is on the Confederate flag debate.
is watering the grass with his sweat.
Yep.
Big data.
Cloud.
Social media.
Mobility.
No new news here.
Thank you :D
mister Inumerable is subbing since Coach Blas is MIA for Newspaper!
No hate man.
Just encouragement.
We all start somewhere to get to our goals.
KFYRTV Makes the Conversion to HD  KFYRTV
Had a great time watching the Oscars last night!
The stars looked stunning on the red carpet!
Wants a candy bar.
BADLY.
chocoholic.....
your so fucking welcome :
bizforum Response time PLUS quality of response is important.
Have to balance both.
yo what we gone do about this project ?
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:13
Can it be time for already?
Cause' I seriously cannot wait.
It's one of the highlights to every summer!
thanks for the follow !!!!
So I got like no sleep.
Today should be lovely.
We see an occasional Brown Headed Cowbird at our feeders.
They never make their own nests and use nests of more than 220 bird species!
I'll play you in doctorwthing!
STL ORD PDX SLC IAD ...looks like its gonna be A fun next few weeks!
same!!!
: Absolutely fabulous to see you tonight.
Whydoialways stay up so late.
Next!
RT House backer withdoctorws Web antipiracy bill reut.rs/yODO3e via
never too late to start good habits ;
thanks for the FF shoutout!
Hope are having a FabFriday too
my education comes first , lol remember that .
i'm stuck waiting for an upload to finish, gonna be showing up a few minutes late...
grr
I JUST MADE YOU THE DOPEST THING!!
I HOPE YOU LOVE IT!!
HAPPY EASTER!!
Marrekesh is a zoo!
Eating in the food stalls at Djamaa el Fna was fun, but getting back was quite an adventure.
A little scary at night...
That awkward moment whem an adult is trying to be funny and u have to fake laught just to be polite .
I miss you come back Columbia,MO Encore Encore Encore!!!!!!
it's actually a score of Two Pages with a calendar and two accordionists overlaid.
1h till I'll take my plane and fly to NY.
:D can't wait.
Early morning flight to Phoenix
What if you lost your memory from the past four years.
Something smells like kettle corn.
If it's not kettle corn, I'll be a little grossed out.
your cover of Neil Young's Heart of Gold makes us tingly all over.
Thanks You and your team at GRAEF made it all possible.
Thanks for the follow !
Enjoyed your preso yesterday.
Cocktails were stellar by Albert but gingerapple mocktail I will doctoram of!
Aladdin never gets old.
I love this movie!
I wish I had some stacks.
I'd buy and reopen Rico's and make that like American Ribera.
and , what are the realistic chances that Rod Smith gets in the Pro Football HoF?
10pm Ben n jerry's run...
good for you.
Read your
Rafael's slinging them until 10pm followed by our girl, Nikki.
Challenge them to bar dice.
I dare you!
for my speech I'm going to thank Nate 4 all he does 4 distance athletes  Dimond.
So I'm giving him a present.
A puppy!
Alicia has one Up on Jackie.
Just sign the house over to the kids n stop meddling.
night friend!
Thanks for the tips.
I'm not as pissed off today...
I'd never watched before last night.
There were some things I thought interesting and some that bored me, but overall, a good piece!
Sup twitter ?
You're welcome!
Have a good day!
dirt cheap, comerica
Today is my 15th day on this job and I haven't had a major falling out with a single coworkers Maybe I'm finally maturing...
Check the group email.
There's contests happening.
Thanks so much!
You know I think I knew that somewhere in the back of my mind...
: We should meet for lunch sometime!
Mention this ad  receive a free travel blanket for dog w/ any 100 purchase.Spend 50  receive free Skooperbox.Very limited quantities!
The long Wong's show is almost here, take the Light Rail to the show and enjoy some great live music!
Massachusetts Law Prohibits Discrimination On the Basis of Gender Identity  Gender Expression  Is your workplace prepared?...
RT : Is 'demon monkey' better than 'imp'?
hit me up when you get a chance.
I'm going back to Cheswick, buying it for 1.25, and setting it on your doorstep.
9 point plan being released tomorrow look for education and public safety as well as pension plan.
Pension plan on www.withwarren.com
.
quoting : it's not often that you have 10 months to change the world.
In case ya didn't notice, I am an atheist.
Freedom of religion does not mean YOU get to make choices for me.
Goodbye.
Be the teammate you would want to play with.
Coach Calipari.
Could this be the golden rule of basketball?
lol i was like why does he keep tweeting the same thing
Me too.
I would def like to have at UK for 810 yrs.
Brains on the beach
fair enough!
Yeah that isn't too bad at all, it's around that temp here today.
That's sick.
You're welcome, brother!
Good luck!
Glasses for the week got an eye infection from prom
You are very kind.
Do stay in touch!
Even though I do not like to read long books, there is a ton of books that I would love to read someday.
the rich do not take care of me my family and I struggled to get where we are
OC can suck it
Think imma ride up to the lake sit on the rock  just think.
if a Microsoft programmer molested a kid, should they not be able to sell Windows or make any programs for 10yrs.
?
I just got to meet and found out she has a son named Goop.
Have been having a great weekend at my friends place.
Relaxing with the doggies here.
:
that's good , hows perry
Crazy!
What is it?
Should I expect it on soon or client work?
birthday happy
wishing I was in that circle
Meeting with captainin America tonight for sushi and to talk about our new album!
Keep your eyes peeled!
The french press is a tremendous device.
Thanks and for coming out to EWU and speaking to our VCD Program about The 6 Traits of Effective Business Websites.
Hi Welcome back to twitterville.
Happy Easter to all, and to all a good night!
Death Star, Chem Dawg 4, and Sour D instock and tasty.
Happy Thursday everyone, its a lovely day in the city!
Thanks to all our new followers and to for making it happen.
;
oh there are so many things to know haha
I disagree w employers req access to facebook, educators should use discretion in either their postings or friends list...
ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mouth is open and u realize you've been crop dusted lmbo
I still can't believe you got kicked out yesterday..
You were so scared!
if nfl had a 4 team playoff, eli would be ringless ....
just an ordinary qb
Mwaha let the social life begin
C'mon I'm tryna see some crazy shit
Don't get caught with your roof down.
Look before you leak!
No luck, but didn't go through every page yet.
Gah!
I want it!!!
lol
Happy Halloween Everyone ,!
3
Toast New Years with chocolate: Champagne Truffles
Standing water on freeway at 60th literally cannot see anything.
No man to break through to the rooftop No man to hold down the door No man to hold on to the childoctorn As the water rose up through the floor
Hot then cold
What's not to like about ?
what if I'm the one who's over her house when your not!
Theres a lot she doesn't tell you Jackie ;
First day of spring!
It's a wrap!
Cellophane doctorgon Lady shoot is done done done!
Can't wait to share the finished images!
So sparkly 3
All of us ICONiacz got our backs!If the Cops didnt come thru all of da ICONiaz would be there to fuck dat bitch up,whos w/ me?
Yo Usher JB, Whatsup man?
Just playing video games with Ryan Think you can hold the house up till I get back?
Yeah, I can do that.
its okay!
I only just now discovered the show Up All Night!
I haven't laughed that hard since Seinfeld and Friends.....
I think I'm too late for that.
Mimi's it is!
yea how u kno?
Let us know if you spot any Baylor Bears Gear!!!
That breakfast sandwich and huge Latte were a big mistake.
I can already feel myself getting sick.
I have to admit, its weird.
I dont exactly miss you, but I do miss talking the way we used to.
Back when no topic went unspoken of.
okay bye
Some students love being observed and some don't.
I know everyone is different, but I wonder what makes people more or less open.
New Toronto, Brooklyn, ChiTown, Htown, LA  Florida custom New Era Fitteds www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com
bolding 5star electric shaver then blind out.
Tap glide with grain of hair the blend with andie master
Choose life today.
Stop smoking.
: Nothing and no one, no matter how glorious, will ever satisfy a heart designed for God.
Landed in Miami...
Next stop FORT MYERS!
Only three more hours!
sorry sir Joseph I'll go to bed
I wish I could see the hunger games at the midnight premiere!!
Per SI's Peter King: The Titans will exit September with zero kickoff returns and 11 touchbacks.
beyond excited about beginning filming The Dark One tomorrow.
Three intense days of filming in my home county...
small town friendly.
but I've already seen it!
Thanks for coming!
Great having you!
Can't wait to collaborate.
Did Iguodala really do the Mike Jordan and jump on scorers table after a BS 1st round win?
Erica perry!
Welcome to dagnomusic!
Speaking of...
any advance on lyric suggestions?
Thanks for the feature!
Fort Lauderdale Airport, MIami Airport , Palm Beach Airport ?
Try Transportation100 2121236
high heels are definitely on the list.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does
your tweet gives me pause.
Definitely enjoyed the perspectives about facebook web archiving and twitter accounts for archives!
I'm going to go do it!
No longer fixated on inflated goals/nonsense milestones.
My writing is flowing naturally and the lower my score the more work I do!
Mcgahee gets the First yard, Broncos got the Ball at the Patriots 41.
Kadee calls double knots super knots haha adorable
Now matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug and someone to tell her it's alright.
Thanks for the follow:
My Birkenstocks hit the broken bit just wrong  they were my first option.
I basically want Chaco sandals in, like, boot form
We love making someone's day!
Wahoo!
RT : made me so, so happy.
Perfect day!
can i get a shout And a follow
I'm great.
I will follow.
thts good.
They all do tht.
Ur nephews over here be fightin each other.
Smh
Oh come on!
LOL!
ah im sorry im still working on it : busy busy bee.
promise itll be done soon!
don't worry im not forgetting :
all is well dear.
Everything is going great.
How is the play coming along ?
With the corporate softball team in 17A
Getting the site up and running  Stay tuned!
sometimes for whats right you need to hold back and attack at the right time not when other people think its right for them.
What?
There haven't been any NBA games this year?
Hadn't even noticed.
What are you doing...Where are you ....
please come back to me soon!
I need you over the summer to keep me sane!
make extra sure to get contracts!
GAGA MISS U
Some people think they are hot shit when they are really just cold diarrhea lol
Work to become, not to acquire.
Elbert Hubbard
check southwest
Lots to do before NYC.
Ready as ever to get there!
I am intrigued.
Stopped grading AP prompts but have kids do reflect paper.
ALL of us happier, growing.
LOL ima puke whats in my stomach put it in a plastic container and ship it to you via UPS how bought that conio !
!!MAYBE THE ONE THT U WNT TO BE THE RIGHT ONE IS NT THE RIGHT ONE IS THE PERSON THT U WNT GVE THE TME OF THE DAII!!:
Today's writing tip: Cleaning your house declutters the mind.
Why she crying seriously yo she a bitch lol
I keep working with a student who's name is close enough to JeanRalphio that I can't stop laughing to myself every time I see his name.
Season finale of Once Upon A Time !!
He's doing it again!
hostileworkplace RT Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's Glad You Came
totally understand retweeting IS double edge sword, while it reaches those who might not have seen, it annoys those who have!
Labor day is right around the corner!!
Got to love those long weekends!Check out your local dealership this weekend for deals that end 9/6!
FL SB 1312 calling 4 guidelines 4 mgmt of food allergies in FL schools passed the Senate.
Waiting 4 House vote 2day or 2morrow.
BTW the return of DAVID WALLACE to theoffice has me looking fwd to show
I just want to sit at home and watch Beavis and Butthead and Daria.
New and doctorpping today!
Stay tuned!
Overheard  thrift store.
going for a sexy urban cowgirl look.
My friend is getting married on the playa, going to be magical.
Amusing mult choice answer: The peaceful outcome of the 2000 Presidential election in the US validated the strength of the US Constitution
Reason 3 that CIS works: CIS is costeffective.
The average cost of CIS is approximately 200 per student served.
Wow.
if only!!!
What a wonderful world it would be!
TheBoxingCoach: Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?
; thanks RT : Great meeting and hanging with , ,  .
Everyone looking fly.
legalchat everyone is talking about marketing on line and creating online presence, but what do you specifically mean?
I'm truly ForeverAlone 
And i lost my job recently but a few days later i got another one!
So i already have money saved for la from gambling.
Its in my bakpak!
Why the heck can't I be sitting in the Opera show getting everything SHE likes I want an iPad,ugg,boots,coach bag!!!
Those r my fav too
The Boardwalk.
And it's free!
IAlwaysWonderIf I annoy you when I talk to you.
im awesome, you?
DontGo in the street or you could be subject to arrest since the street will not be closed
happy birthday
Bro, just swing your arm before you cross the line and there's your sack
maybe...aint seen him ina min.
bt where are his tats??
.
Megan doctorper would fit in a lot better on Girls
I didnt believe a word of it because I didnt place any value on college degreesthe fact that I had one proved how much they were worth.
what paper?!?!?

that's CRAZY talk!
I am laughing out loud
yep!
Was a blast, perfect day to dance through Seattle
Does your social media campaign really work  actually bring you sales?
If you want more, click here for this free report...
yeahh: 15!
i have same birthday as alli simpson and kelly clarkson!
but it never feels like my bday anymore:
We are!
recording a new puffiny song we wrote tonight...will post the demo soon!
Jose Rivera unscrewed my head and reattached it sideways tonight.
Thanks for bold, NY theatre!
And I'm supposed to have crazy appetites and weight gain but I can't eat!
Thought of eating is gross and disturbing!
Full  almost nauseated
A Marlins home game is like going to the Carnival.
Thanks so much for RT on Free dining at Disney!!
Have a magical day!
ItMakesMeHappyWhen people suggest ideas of new places they would like to find Epic Cookies.
I am listening!
Sang at the Bluebird Cafe tonight!!
Veryy fun:
New review coming soon!!
Who's ready for some new music?!
oh I own it.
And now I'm onto Tiny Vessels.
I usually start feeling too sappy during We Looked Like Giants
Ratings are up, attendance is up, interest is up at the US Open....Is tennis back on the rise in the U.S?
We'll see...
I'd rather expand on Jill Zarin Good or bad, I know who I am, and I own it.
And I'm bad!
I'm a piece of shit!
When direct access becomes the ONLY acceptable option, and we do what it takes to own it fully, our professorssion will have arrived
girl you need to suck it up!!!
Happy Mother's Day for all blessed mothers around the world.
Wish you Healthy,wisdom,longevity.
:
RT Now this is the type of weather I've been looking for!
Sunny and lovely in NYC!!
Reminds us, Kasabian at is our Show of the Night!
RT : Really stoked for Kasabian.
Been waiting years for this
Im craving flintstone vitamins.
I wish they were snackable without the whole death thing.
She was also a terrific player in her day, but should have stopped there.
Does not make a good tv reporter.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
W.
Churchill
In press conference on budget signing, Gov.
Gregoire says there is no way that the state can fund education without more revenue.
I suppose it is copyright infringement.
But I'm just giddy that grooveshark felt my music was worthy of copyright infringement!
Thanks man.
We strive for 1st place every time.
Building our clients all across the nation.
Thanks for your support.
RT : youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around
I hate getting out of my bed.
The fact that half our hotel rushed to 's side when someone picked a fight with him last night
Night everyone
when and where I wanna wrestle with ya/help you with some stuff
dudeboobs ?
is in!
RT : will you sign my boobs tonight
Sent out a mass text on my phone saying I've lost my phone, can you please call it?
I got 10 missed calls..I need smarter friends
A man that is doctorving out of his lane in lifewill surely crash.
Make sure that your doing what God told U 2 do!
Delta airlines really needs to look at their service levels in BTR.
And, the high  of flights cancelled  delayed.
They Tryed Hacking Us HAHAHAHAHA .
Were Back  It ..
Bigger And Better !
You Can Not Stop The Best ....
I don't like either team but I just hope its a good game
Happy Friday!!
Make sure to get out there and enjoy those last days of playing in the snow here in Colorado...
bro I sent you my cell number.
Just caught myself watching the show Castle, which is terrible by the way.
I got sucked in by Dancing With The Stars.
Well done, ABC.
Charles E.
Jefferson Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
Oh my gosh.
I love this class!
Hi.
Is there an email addoctorss where I can reach staff/admin?
Thank you
just fell going up the stairs again, omg
Last week of middle school, legggggo.
haha just saw your email
Thanks for the follow!
Im gonna need the lakers to work this out in the 2nd half
follow back please...
thank you,,,
they both are working
this shit jus made my week!
My nigga came to see me.
!
No I haven't.
Why do you ask?
I look forward to seeing your tweets as well!
:
jairus parting ways with alessa.
new doctormmer getting ready to go!
thank u for your efforts to help alessa is red jairus!
:
When people sing BOYFRIEND in the hallway 
congrats on Egypt!
I found that Michael Jordan movie/documentary..want me to send it?
It may take some of this games pain away!
Lol!
Life is like a box of crayons.
Most people are the 8color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64color boxes...
The Gross Clinic is a regional gem
How come the most beautiful girls have the lowest selfesteem?
has been saying this for years.
Access to libraries and books are crucial for language acquisition
your music is AMAZING :
Love learning from she is always amazing!!
edjewcon keynote
but knowing the ending beforehand doesn't make for a very exciting game...
Thanks for the listen!
They know who they are :
Is it sad that I want to see Titanic again even though I saw it on Saturday hahah.
I'm just so interested in the history of it.
I'm a nerd.
I know exactly what you are talking about.
Lol.
Learn young fella do as I say lol.
help this dude out!
Hopefully don't have too many leftovers!
RT Q: How long can you keep leftovers from a restaurant in the refrigerator?
A:...
RT : Skype is the gmail of native apps  giant, poorly done UI overhauls thrown out randomly for no apparent reason
your fun to play with.
But not that fun,
It was!
Chilling watching Star ..I LOVE their programs:
steve Walsh Dallas to Nola
I followed back!:xo
i know I'm late but followed.
:
will miss you at HATSUME this year!
I remember my mothers prayers and they have always followed me.
They have clung to me all my life...Happy Mother's Day!
Nobody interesting to talk to on here right now
my heart deserves more than this.
i'm miley cyrus.
You amaze me!
Great working with you again!
Did they pay for you to go to Utah?
Does it have DiCaprio?
Directed by Tarintino?
No, then 3 out of 5.
I've always identified with Gen X
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth..
both financial affluence and emotional security.
Suze Orman
not very good.
Villarreal got relegated today
not too young.
Just saw reference call listed on my supervisor's calendar...
as in a call from the university I interviewed with asking her about me?!
man i so stale at u for twitting that
Haha...
is playing Sharp doctorssed Man in her lounge and all I can think about is the opening to Duck Dynasty haha...
Disney World...
The happiest place on Earth
In 2 hours it's May.
Just let that one sink in for a bit.
I feel you fb
youcanttrust no one or nothing!!!!
Everything is a lie and no one is real!!!!
vaffanculo wear in the works : you're gonna love our gear!!!!
You need to get right with God.
RT : I really want to slap the fuck out of this woman at this bar.
Think fun thoughts, bad opponent plays, and good results should occur
But there's a larger question of how to appeal to devs who might not be interested in journalism, but in some of our common goals
Hell Yeah.
ima take food tomorrow lol or money
Thanks for tweeting that!
Funny post, and I'm so glad to have found Marcie's blog.
:
I'll take black, javs will take reg?
ihaddibs !?!
I'll look at both, right now I'd say b then reg, could change mind
Less than 48 hours until the Indiana Landmarks Center Wondoctorus Opening Weekend.
Will we see you there?
brought up performance targets.
Schnur answers: Kids need a press from outside the school, benefit from bigger goals.
things are awesome, how are you?!
Barkley on TV: Even if you're a Cyclops with four eyes, they pass the eye test.
Chuck, Cyclopses have one eye.
crazycollegemoment this yr, walking in on my room mate putting it down and that girl proceeding to ask if i wanna participate in a 3some...
Add me on ps3 : suhkcess
that would be awesome!
I'll send you my addoctorss.
Fat Tuesday today.
Come down and get your eat on.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 1.8 TDCi Viva for a new car!
Salmon Fest this weekend!
Great events, Awesome food and Cool people!

are you on Facebook?
We need to keep in touch!
Although Hargrove deserves the 8 games for his involvement in the bounty program, suspending only 4 players is a little weird
James to Wade
james said it was on friday
Have faith in yourself and the decision you make for your life...key words its YourLife so live it how you want to
why are u in nashville?
HappyBirthdayJudasVideo I remember this time last year staying up until eleven o'clock just to watch this Music Video.
Well done
Aight let me know if u decide to go, and when u on ur way
I'm gone start acting the way people act towards me
they are under emo when you look them up so is fall out boy
If you think 2011 was great, Wait until you see what Rocktagon has in store for 2012!!
Happy New Year
Btw if u ever go on a date take a bag to cover ur face so ur so called Date Wont get blind from ur ugly ass face.
Ahh Burn
I did!
In related news, I learned that 3 hours of sleep does not work when you're 31.
never loose u!!!
Basics Baby!
BRING IT HOME!!!
Someone needs too......
sure that works.
Let's email to finalize when and where
If he learned to defend the Pick  Roll, the Lakers would be far and away a better team.
That's a big if though
Back from the lake.
Awesome time.
Great fishing.
Think I need a second shower.
What did I miss?
Get at me.
C minor blues scale 3
jelena is over !!
Very good article on possible formation and combinations for RBs.
Enjoyed it.
Hi, I teach the twins tennis in NYC, if u want free lesson as well ur more than welcome!
:
Thanks for the shoutout but I think you mean not ??
I am trying to get a detailed picture of the eastern Mediterranean.
From Italy in the north doing a semicircle to Libya or thereabouts.
WE HAVE A WINNER!
just posted it
Good news: Found my old roller blades.
Bad news: one's broken, the boot's ripped, and I need new ones.
Everything around us is made up of energy, to attract possitive things in your life, start by giving positive energy!
So true RT : RT I miss Rick Perry.
This is like watching an episode of Friends with no Phoebe.
Gold, Silver or Platinum?
Which one is ur favorite?
If you don't text me first, there will not be a conversation.
Read a good article about Government employees teleworking; the leadership needs to consistently walk the talk.
Trust but verify.
Just talk, don't emotionalize every sentence.
Enforcement of Law Doesn't apply2the very top.
9/11 coincidently gave Riches  Immunity while 
Hope u have a wonderfuln safeweekend bro.
I'll hold down the M til u return...well  least til I leave Tues nite!
Back to MV!!
hello!
My first time joining ggchat I'm a doctormmer/songwriter looking for auditions.
Please help!
Thank you!
Free bottle of Solar Advance Sunscreen face lotion today, printable coupon for upgraded members
Seems like Chris Young and him feed off each other and give each other pointers.
But he needs an in your face guy too maybe
it IS a good morning isn't it
Whats a five letter word for raring to go?
JBSOMEDAY I will Meet you and Its going to be the greatest day of my life
no problem...
make sure you download a video trimmer along with the app...
that way you can cut the part you want.
: Happy bday jokerGood Look Sis, What U Doing Tonight Bitch!!!
Wow.
Somewhat surprising to see Boston's Back Bay store there!
What's your favorite thing about the Internet?
Your welcome!
Got to see the Space Shuttle strapped to the top of a 747 in NY today, but couldn't get a photo.
Awesome sight to see though!
launching new site now...
tweeting link shortly :
Thanks, Jenny!
becuz he kept asking me that same damn question I want some head ' over n over like ugh
what about Spotify?
We'll be playing at the Maison tonight with E.
Company!
We hit at 10pm and they go on at midnight, come party on frenchmen st!!!
Need help finding an apartment in NYC ?
Feel free to contact me at
I don't, idk where to find that out actually
I forgot how amazing the song Goodbyes was by JamisonParker...
Oh my god...
I would like to DM you a question...may I?
locked and loaded  ready for anything 
if you have anything to say to and speak now of forever hold you peace ok!
Mixed emotions ...
Get better!
Sad to see you go
That's who I meant.
Him and others.
:
Would you rather have the zombie apocalypse or the Skynet apocalypse?
If you find out, please let us know!
Follow we follow back...NO ONE Above the Click!!
Loyalty before dishonor!!!
B.M.C.
We follow back..
That ended before i can press the start button oh well lol Going to the studio!!!!
Customer appreciation day 1 subs!
that's for sure my dude
Specials: Soup: Cream of Broccoli, Pasta: Fettucine with Chicken, Pizza: Pepperoni, Carmalized Onions, Peppers  Mushrooms
Marissa.
Got to get my spelling right.
The kingdom of heaven is like a net which was thrown into the sea and gathered fish of every kind.
EARTH
I love you Carolyn Dunn..
Muahh!!
What music do you listen to while you're reading a novel?
MUSTFollow to // I'm hanging in there sweetie.
How are you?
I want food.
And some good music.
dope tracks..
This a good thing we got going.
Keep up the dopeness
hi, when is your show coming back on???
Hahahahah!
Oh my gosh!
PERFECT!!
Password changed; good for another 12 hours or so
what if i was calling to offer you a job?
but your shitty attitude just took you out the running???
ppl walk around so angry at the world
When I saw u were online I smiled so big!!: I'm so happy now!!
I missed u!!:
see?!
and now you're tired, right?
can't wait for it...love Gus..
ur alright too...lol
Shooting three different commercial concepts today, catalog, billboard, and website....long day ahead.
Great first day at neara11 met up with some gr8 educators I have not seen since last yr in NOLA!
hola twitter, anyone celebrating rosh hashanah tonight?!
i cant wait to celebrate with my family3i feel like i haven't seen them in so long
RT For Follow Back ;
disappointing, I can only imagine...
I got my zumba pants on and my jersey on...Go Bills!
College: Trooper confirms call to pick up injured Petrino The state trooper often assigned to protect Arkansas football coach Bobby Petr
I can't wait to color Easter eggs!
The Seventh Principle of Kwanzaa is Imani.
Tomorrow is gone be to damn fun...I seat on 3rd row 6th seat on the left side
Which Tweet do we Retweet?
All of them?
Happy New Year from the AppkeTekGuru family!!
Nope, no clue.
S/O for keeping the game on, cause I show was gon change the channel lol
I've realized the one nail different trend works best when the colors are unrelated.
What about texture or finish?
star wars bluray is worth ever penny song and everything been redone it feels like you are there depending if you have a sound system.
very very jealous Eat some banana bread pudding and a Po Boy for me.
no, is just my BF.
but her brewery, 1 in the world,didn't take our wedding plans into consideration, so I miss her
your performance in SolomonKane was movingthe movie was an excellent choice to kick off AF2012 Great cape flip!
School tomorrow 
If money make the world go round then pussy should make it jump lmao....
F is for friends who do stuff together, U is for you and me, N is for anywhere at any time at all
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers.
Jewel Kilcher
Argh  hope the surgery is nothing serious.
Your hands  arms must be OK, at least.
When your dog is off the leash if he goes ahead, turn and walk in the opposite way he will soon notice and come rushing after you

follow us b 400 win surprize gift !
we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!
Swagg is for boys.
Class is for men.
Best Facebook status that poped up on my TL.

Currently Accepting Early Birthday Gifts !
:
Poinsettias for sale in our gift shop were just marked down!
Check out our sale prices by visiting soon, while supplies last!
Congrats to all 6 team members who celebrated their 20th year with EPS this morning!
Excellent excuse for a pancake breakfast!
Kate Beckinsale is one classy actress.
There's not too many times where I'm happy on Monday mornings, but this is one of them.
:
omg I'm dying this is so old
what's your email addoctorss?
I am typing this from my very first iPhone.
My life is forever changed!
Its kinda late tho and plus im in bed already LOL
Ha!
Thanks Hon!
When loving people together, the world seems like a fairy tale...
doctornoing to Sam Cooke.
Who has 2 work EVERYDAY this weekend??
I do!!!
Its a little late, but thanks for the FF!!
Happy birthday star!!!:
sjcjjwjskxowopad fine :D
I love waking up to as my alarm.: it starts my day off right.
Good morning everyone!
TEXT ME...what's wrong why do u wanna do that??....
Zetas during Charro Days.
Why yes, , I am interested in watching Highlander.
Thank you.
Absolutely cannot believe my brother is 19.
AND a sophomore in college?!
Tiger and Federer, both left for dead, now resurgent.
i muted you after i verballed you bra
See you at the fair on September 2nd!!
Welcome back to your Tweet Harem!
blows kiss
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Proverb
Indeed it would.
I meant vulgar display in the Pantera sense of the word.
Google it.
:
I hope not!!
: That's pretty much the type of job I hope to get post MLIS.
:
Patrick Stump sang, wrote, produced and played every instrument of Soul Punk.
Unbelievable pop album.
Check out Soul Punk
: Ha!
Nope.
Shame.
A moment for the ages.
Yo instagram needs to come out for andoctorid already...
muito obrigado for a great success  Americas Food show
today was just a bad day all over, the heat is to blame on how I feel ugh
Had lunch with an educated, nice, and openminded Christian and enjoyed his views on samesex marriage.
I'm happy such people exist.
RT : Rick Gilfillan, director of CMS ctr for Innovation, 3part aim: Better health, better care at better cost
I swear if bell blows this he is legit the worst
The next was about a Box office slump for 2011....
Surprised???
Not!!!!
i felt bad too!
i was like no we need the never have i ever reigning champ!
I can sit and be on my phone all day and not get bored
lol yeah true , I'll text him , oh and I'll send you the link on fb btw it's Thursday at 6 :/
I VOTE YES TO ONE UNION!!
yup.
Lol but it says to send my insurance info so i think it dose.
Lol
had no idea people actually still watched
yes!
Beautiful place.
Good night folks.
Oh Whitney Houston...
I can't lie.
I'm a little disappointed with your exit.
Sunday night, getting ready to hit the weak hard, thats right, all you lazy suckas are not gonna take my coin!!!!!
Even you Hawaii 50 Babes
I have someone sending me a hot pink duct tape necklace that is braided with black.
It sounds odd, yes, but looks so cool!
Christmas decorations begin in the Hunter household..
Prepping for baby!
We are so in the holiday spirit!
Time to step my game up
Bad Bad Boy's You make me feel so good
Woah lol idk what happened if you gave it to me, maybe didn't transfer when I got an iPhone so we'll blame Verizon
: is my new favorite country artist voiceofanangel addicted well ain't that sweet
Ha!
We all do!
It's quite a challenge!
So glad to be back on 12th Street Ne.
Wish I had left my cold/flu back in Arizona.
lol at me....the on;y one not watching the ustream
EVERYONE!
FOLLOW he's amazing3
I hate loosing followers, its like loosing friends.
Ok well not really...
But you know what I mean.
While we didn't win, I can safely say that I did not embarrass my university at the Gala.
This is a step up for me.
I was at American Idol last night sitting behind you and said hi and told you I loved you!
Do you remember acknowledging me?
Haha.
Have a human tweet your stuff today and tomorrow.
Hashtag is
Girls gone wild in this ma fucka
Can't wait for certain ppl to get out the shower yeaaaahh
Thanks for following us on Facebook!
In the Summer I want to teach me how to wake board.
:
You know, I bet it REALLY helps on my applications when I put no educational degree, no work experience, and that I'm 16.
Here's an FF for you, Maria.
You're awesome!!
i always seem to cry when i listen to all i want is you by justin.
idk why, it just brings back so many memories from december
u r too kind!!
I see why jeanne likes u so much :
I thought the Pittsburgh Steelers / Baltimore Ravens rivalry was big...
nothin compared to
I really like what you bring to The Voice.
I'm glad they brought you on this season!
Now get on that stage and SANG!!!!!
no worries!
We will seeya next time!
What is this town coming to?
Damn.
doctoramworks Megamind screening at Arclight.
What a great way to start a Sunday!
Lets try to be logical about this: You have a friend who has a deadly weapon and he's threatening a kid you don't like what do you do?
Actor Michael Madsen arrested after alleged fight with son
Melanie !!!
You have my Vote...
IAmSimon TeamAmaro :
accidentally threw away KY tax refund check...on hold with department of revenue now....YAY Friday!
thank you for the retweet : 
Have a great weekend !
just make sure to ask for Morgan and our receptionists will take care of everything!
The Hidden Door Theatre is packed to the gills with Dylan fans!
Spinach/artichoke tortellini yesterday, pancakes and bacon this morning, chocolate covered pretzels currently in the freezer.
Nom in
Oh is that all it takes!
Perfect.
Yep, CNN covers THIS story of course, after not covering his delegate sweeps.
Let everyone go back to sleep.
He'll get delegates.
I have a friend that goes their every Sunday, she loves it:
Chiefs are putting in a claim...
Bears might get screwed
saito Not easy to use images for this topic: emptiness.
Postits better than note cards.
Good humor.
?
I said surf lost to Ill.
Arsonal got bodied by hitman.
Surf thinks he's top 5 I don't know why.
Please follow me, I keep well, and are followers of Christian, Justin and Cody with more reason!
are the best in the world!
:
What does it mean to doctoram that water is leaking from the roof and down the walls of your home?
granted, that one probably goes to the itunes store vs.
data which wouldn't require a signal...
but you never know.
Dad  RT : I hate when my mom lies about shit
i would be delighted
Following People Back..!!!
Better Together
Minutes away from playing Gay Straight Bisexual or Tranny on The Zone  94.1 for WWE tickets.
Tune in sweetums.
Fuck this day
SEXY!
RT : Still in my pajamas cuz i don't wanna get doctorssed lol fuck it.
I'll go to the bar like this :
I wonder if God did tell him to run, why He didn't say he would win.
Just received my yellow pages.
Threw it in the trash.
About to kick off the first RCC intro to improv class!
betfriendbucketlist go To a concert where I don't throw up everywhere lol
Valentines day damn near like another christmas
What the hell...
needs to show the match!
It's Tom Cruise as Jon Bon Jovi/Vince Neil/Bret Michaels.
It's an apocalypse.
Men are so damn hard to trust...
I'm looking for people who want to cleaning that we junk cleaning up service for people
Give me a month to finish studying this film stuff an find my eye and I promise I am going to be major!
Thank God for a Vision!
u as well.
going big with can't wait for camdyshop Tuesday
no ma'am.
Single as can bee :
: cheer up pretty lady!
I need to see YOU.
White girls, gone wild, but we don't judge em though
Great season keep ur head up lex
About a week in and I'm still enjoying it.
If you're around Wifi that much, I'd go for it
Working on C.P.E.
Bach this AM.
Guy knew how to make the piano rock and roll.
We need a range of housing options.
Got a ride home from  love that bitch 
Have a good event this weekend?
How does fit your style?
Tell us and enter to win VIP seats to Fashion's Night Out in Newport Beach, CA!
any time
Excellent question.
I use Twitter as a resource and don't hide it at all.
Others...
they like to pretend.
Today is our Street Law Fellow 's last day at We are going to miss her!
LANL official: Las Conchas fire spread to current size overnight; it took Cerro Grande fire two weeks to grow to this size.
quotes Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
i so hate my life right now
well be watching it when we r married too
yeah dude totally!
Hit us up through our Facebook and we can work something out!
log cabin renutlicans can kiss my butt, and I'm officially baptizing romney, santorum  bachmann as GAY!
Man all the bottom of my tummy hurt!.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
Vincent Van Gogh
words to live by for any man.
Starcraft Marine: Go!
Go!
Go!
I got u let's talk offline when u get a sec
this homeplate ump is killing the rangers this inning.
Bad umping again...
Classic Damon arm
wish I could be there to hear Harry Sheppard..
Why do people who are moving at a walking pace usually run up stairs?
I wonder about this every day.
W goes to Mayweather easy.
That being said find it ridiculous how boxers carry all their belts to the ring.
LMAO.
oh there was a great Roadhouse Reference on it last Thurs.
Good Morning Everyone!
There are only 6 days left to Voice Your Choice!
I am encouraging everyone to take advantage of Early Voting.
It...
And I've finally hit the stage of browsing and bookmarking real estate listings weekly.
Where's the grassroots pushback against this actual vastrightwingconspiracy against clean energy?
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, If you do find one, whats your plan?
Happy Holidays Portland!
We're ringing in some cheer at home with our 'new' 1917 gulbransen player piano!
Thanks for signing up.
I'm excited to read UMBCsocial session ideas as they're posted on the blog!
So many possibilities...
ya its broke
I'm not...just came across this randomly!
It's a rare thing to find an indepth writeup about card sorting
why is today moving so slowly?
shouldn't i have been home by now?
That was awkward
labor of love indeed!
I need a Vegas trip
are u available?
pointA to pointB....and everything inbetween.
Its all LOGISTICS Mary Vaugn  Michael Dalby right now
If your commute has you frustrated, why not pull in to Zuzu to wait out traffic?
Enjoy happy hour on our patio.
The only thing that would make this weekend better is if followed me!
Now THAT'S brilliant.
RT : Do what I'm doing and unfollow  refollow him several times.
Made a clan called MLSG Major League Salvadorian Gamer already over 10 people joined.
Scotland is doctorich but my childhood memories of summer holidays are that it was always boiling.
Was combing through the milbloggie nominations and saw your link.
Great stuff!
I'm going to add you to my blog roll first thing!
Agreed!
Brands must also be aware of all groups the term multicultural includes.
you once called Michael Jackson a nutsac instead of nut job.
A mistake IMO
Idc though it whatever.
Lol it really not that worth it.
Every leader leads by the story they tell and by moving people with stories
Great idea!
No Talking Tuesday.
I miss you!
Too fuckin busy...too busy fuckin...
you should
Right on!
By Wed.a.m., I could always use a blast of Shiftless When Idle to get me up.
7:15: KBCO comes on clock radio.
LOUD
Those are among my favorite Americahating cookies!
So will he sign an executive order to stop the deportation of US Veterans?
If not it's just cheap talk!
I don't even have the words to thank you, Shauna!!
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality.
David Allan Coe
Celebrate the warm weather today!
Grab a doctornk from Mocha's to quench that thirst as you lay in the valley on this sunny afternoon.
You're a good man Bommadog!
All the best in this new chapter!
Thank you for all you gave to the game as a player!
Favorite quote of the day: He that lives upon Hope will die fasting  Benjamin Franklin
thanks for follow.
Like ur professorle and what you stand for.
The art of advocacy.
Will Ohio be this year's VCU?
Just very excited to be on board and enjoying the delightful inflight experience.
whatifindattractive a man that can teach me something
re: my last tweet...
I found it!
Wayfaring Stranger.
LOVE.
Cheers!
Am I the only one who eats Pancakes and cookies for dinner?
haha.
Oh well:
Home issues just get easier everything is slowly falling apart
scrw u man u never tweet me back!!!!!!
Lol
RT : MnGOP plan to build roofready stadium with general fund money is a joke.
Quit trying to kill the bill!
get your life together
Also gonna be hilarious when Jonas Valanciunas ends up sucking.
3: CRM training is multifaceted  ongoing.
Tailor training user needs, establish a process.
cc'
its 3:21 in california and im still up man.
Herman Cain just blamed others for playing the blame game.
Love makes man grow up or sink down.
I'm looking for an article on fasting...
You know, in case one of you wonderful peeps happens to have just read one.
Thanks for your support of my new album Heaven.
Extra large?
I preffer extra ripped
night cody hope you had a great christmas ;
Welcome to another week of learning...are you prepared?
Welcome, young twitterling!
Your nipples look like the apples on a tree.
Victoria's Secret fashion show , yeeeeeeeeei....
enjoyed the panel today!
Well, let's just say it's still in the ghetto phase.
Starting the day early for me this morning.
we make mistakes so we can learn from them.
we learn from them so we won't hurt ourselves.
we learn from them and we become less stupid
So excited for tomorrow, with Zoe Keating!
I know a few of will be there, will you?
Writing an article on best practices on delegating responsibilities to your team members.
Looking for comms agency pros to quote.
Please RT.
she was 16 and she was killing it
I cannot believe my loves are graduating this weekend!!!!!
One thing I want for Christmas is the end of partisan politics so we can fix the economy and get people back to work.
Can the museum keep up?
Wynne Greenwood at
Sorry I couldn't make it.
How did I not know anything about loveindy?
somewhere in...Spain!
wow that is too cool Jen!
Ya unfortunately to me his last 2 shows were better but the crowd loved him soo maybe its just me.
Lol
RT Lady Falcons start volleyball season tonight at FHHS.
Don't forget to vote if haven't done so thru mail or in person
Land use and local politics for CapHillDC and HStNE ?
is a must follow.
you will definitely be missed best wishes with everything!!!!!
Lightweight miss Swim Season
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
Leadership is action, not position Donald H.
McGannon
yup the real world then;2
First train update 2: no power.
the conductor told us that pieces of the vehicle are lodged under the train and that it might be a while.
Miguel Sano hit 10th home run of the season tonight.
Might want to head 2 Pohlman Field B4 Sano moves up!
love ya!!
Come up to Calhoun tomorrow :
my girls  I are thinking of doing NoLa for NYE.
Got any good acts playing there that weekend?
Not denying that controlling the fire is a UW issue, but in my opinion, the rule is not a bad one.
Congrats!
I'm not surprised, but great news :
The bobcats were better in nba live 04 when their starters were point guard, shooting guard, small forward, power forward  center center
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member
I have always wanted to get there for a review!
Let me know what you thought!
Oh girl you make a niggah tweet
Steve Newman: can we present this as a community literacy project?
This has less baggage/barriers than a DH Center would.
Yess i cant wait to see her in it!
shes gonna kick some ass
Don't be distracted by criticism.
Remember  the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.
Zig Ziglar
is starting up a great program w/ USC's PLAY!
at LA USD.
Hiphop  literature w/ forthcoming TED Talk, wish I were in high skool 2!
Goin on a diet
you're very welcome :
I think about you constantly , it's crazy how much I've changed 3
single monitor.
lolz.
One major thing checked off my list.
mm that is little fella.
Need help with the conversion?
Join us in the museum conference room on Tuesday for an info session Museum and National Heritage Sites program in London!
Bless up.
Thanks for the follow.
So, how Whats up with all you Rushers?
I feel like i havent talked to any of yall in like forever!
AN SHE ALREADY HAS TO DEAL WITH BRAIN CANCER Y MAKE HER FEEL WORSE
You know you're getting older when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you pray it ain't for you.
Sharing your blog w/ friends only to find out they've already bookmarked  discussed it over lunch without knowing it's yours.
betoorourke explains he is going door to door to hear what people of the community care about.
He will represent those interests.
Welcome to Hell's Kitchen!!!
:
Something is on fire at Hood and Millitary.
South of Donald Ross.

I'm still up..
oo
Im done with products...they don't stand behind them!
Tonight will be so dull.
My grandad gotta be hot in his room man.
S/o to my newest follower
I'm so proud of her!
Working on a dark tone for my next script.
Challenge accepted.
Nail lady looks at my toes weird, leave me alone I was born that way!
I love it and have so much fun!
I was telling my instructor last night that I was ready to get back for a class!
Can't sleep; brain is too busy thinking about Schiller, Adorno, form and aesthetics.
I think I broke my brain.
SHAME on them!
There willing to sell their SOUL over a few .
We ALL know there LIERS!
We LOVE John, he's a 1st class MAN!
xo
haha we had so much fun on friday!!!
you guys are great!
Hey fans!
Our next newsop will be on Tuesday, February 28 on WISN 12.
I still am scared at the car wash...but cleaning my baybay
I wanna play San Andoctoras
i hope i get to meet one day, ill just keep wishing i guess: ukmahomie.
Sophie.
there has to be stupidity in someone who spells Nike like NIKEY
Doesn't it piss you off when you ask someone a question and they don't answer?
GRRRRR
it WAS weird but I'm learningif u really pay attention to peoplethey'll tell on themselves.
HE had other motivesI didn't
now we jacking words lame
Ur mommas so short she can do backflips under the bed....
Whoa!
steaming hot!
hot!
hot idea!
whoa....
I love the expert IT  you know who you are E.
Confession I'm really smart, I'm just really lazy.
AFTA research shows that advocacy for the arts makes a huge difference.
25 SAAs had an increased or flat budget.
yeah I no
Tell Gabe Good luck from Peach and I.
Keep us posted!!
If you need help with Twitter, text me...
Like they would wear the same sized uniform.
The height difference alone, wouldn't make it fit right.
I need my bestfriends:/
At the Grand Opening of in Old Town Scottsdale Love the vibe so far.
That's too much sun!
Can you send some sun rays over to Seattle?
Mount Olive Middle School wins Superbowl of awards
Watching Carson run is eerily similar to Snoop.
The 28 on his chest definitely helps.
Gives me chills...
The Red Claws are hanging out today with the kids in MSAD 61 at their annual career fair held at Lakes Region HS!
sorry i said i was going to make a vid and i didnt but i just might today since my fone is being goodlolTamya:P
Originality is a byproduct of sincerity.
Is your current professorssional position an appointment or destination?
If its not a destination, what are you doing to assure you move forward
I'm bored with IQ tests...
Find the odd one out .
Lol they liked the sound clip haha
ikr...
Its okay i havent either/:
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but as long as we're here we might as well dance.
Big goal late in the period by Boedker.
Phoenix does not go down easy.
will deff check this out!
Keep em coming man!
STALL: I5 southbound  Capitol, left lane blocked, expect delays
So bored someone tweet me!!!
I'd say in about a year, once this music shit jumps off me n girlie gon be inna sick ass crib in the hills!!
Star status!!
Merry Christmas everybody!
WHY YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL SLOW!!
HAHAH
that would be all day long.
Rave Reviews for Invizios Cracking the Code: Business Technology Seminar
Ahh 7 more!!:D Give me a shout out pls!!!: i will love you lol
Oooohh RT Watching Josh Cooper in Rookie mini camp, I recall Brian Brennan about 27 years ago.
Research on Evolution Strategy with Algorithms and Applications ...
Beyond The Black Rainbow looked gorgeous and had its moments.
But what a silly ending.
Yeesh.
All about them girly girls.
Ain't that right ?
Think of how much brain stuff I could be doing if I hadnt committed a bunch of Archie comic plots to memory.
Alas.
Do you think kLove just sealed a 5th year last night with that shot?
Packers take Worthy from Michigan State?
They hate Wisconsin.
I know it's for the best...
I need detoxing!
and i love you lol
When your parents get mad that you are doing homework What is this world coming to?
Parents mad that I'm doing something right?
Whatever.
This sucks.
All students: tomorrow Nov 4th is the last day to doctorp courses.
Please see your advisor before taking action to discuss best options for you
Just bought MassEffect3 ME3 for PC, anyone have it I'll be doing multiplayer once it's installed!!
username: danielxmiller :
really?
Lol he alright
Dont waste your life trying to impress other people.
Do what you love and love what you do.
bagel club
I knew it!
Librarians don't actually take vacation vacations :
Dude, R.
Stevie is phenomenal.
Criminally unknown.
takes a seat sigh LOL.
I looked good though didn't I?
Are you ready for so baseball?
Omg!
I would never have the nerve!
You're a badass Ryan!
how did fieres have a 1.11 era today if he had no earned runs?
Or is that his era in the yr?
If so, wow
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Edison presentation
I wish I were there for that misterreilly ordeal
I know I've strayed off my course and I'll have to leave here soon, But for now won't you leave me in my haze
We did!
Sorry I haven't gotten back to you yet.
If we decide to print it, I will definitely let you know.
Thank you, so much.
THE FIRST FRIDAY  INSTANT CLASSIC
Watching 1993 Star Trek:TNG episode Parallels based on David Lewis' theory of modal realism, 15 years prior to !
One more CE staff for this afternoon!
Just got accepted to study abroad in Athens.
WHAT!
WHAT?!?!?
I can resist everything except temptation.
Oscar Wilde
First day of self employment  Done!
I even got some work!
Woohoo!
I know it won't be easy, but it will be worth it in the end.
I don't wanna admitt I miss you,but I can't help but think about you alot
Trick or Tweet , DM me please!
u know I take that as offense
oh my god....teachers are supposed to be role models...?
I got you all day baby all day
I just ate a Popsicle  now I want another one .
Really want to do a fullon holeintheground pit barbecue day.
notgonnalie I secretly jam out to that One Direction song in the car.
It's catchy...
Happy Thanksgiving to all!!
Lingua Franca  A common language
five directions diner
...
the nuking is a great idea; I'll share with the kids.
They'll love it!
We loved the mention Andy
SUPER Fridays tonight catch me rocking out and providing closing tunes!
A good, sweet quiet Sunday.
That one song that brings back so many memories.
well I'm glad you're ok, I've never seen/heard you talk like that.
Yeah but there are only 30 nba jobs
: srry already voted for the other guy!!!
lol
Yay!!
I miss you too!!
HE GONE!!!
yea i agree i wasn't going to buy it but im glad i did...
you gotta keep checking they put them on sale quick
I am trying to figure that out too...probably going to see Sean Parker...
Thanks for following on Twitteryou have impacted the world with Humanity Road in professorund way,
SO happy to have a working computer again!!!!
about damn time!
heeelllooo my sweetheart I'm happy you're back ; I'm fine thanks ..
And you???
Xoxo
We will not be the generation who turns our childoctorn over to the devil because of our devilish ways.
I AM AND I LIVE IN AMERICA.
Is that even normal?
lol.
feelin good!
abouta hit up KFC  then get more slush :D
My daughter is parading around showing off her booty....
Selfconfidence.
Check.
Now on to Being Humble!
realized spraypaint stencil street art is a lot more difficult than I originally expected.
insert inspiringfailurekeepatitquote here :
RT : developing HighWire LiveWire project for scholarly social media, potential for customers incl.
etc
shehechat A1: just want to give people something when I present.
That's my biggest worry.
Everyone follow good guy and a huge uk fan
yo sarah farnia told me about you.
U print yourself or do u just do designs?
Thanks again!
Hope to see you soon.
Get ready all supporters G is bringing more heat than the sun 8th album oldschoolyoung coming this summer!
Oh, you post about your one night stands on Facebook/Twitter?
Please, tell me more about your family values and strong morals
Reason 6,718 being an adult is awesome: You don't get in trouble for backtalk.
I'm not particularly excited about football, but I do find the sound of a game nostalgic.
..hm interesting
I love how my clients inspire me to practice what I preach.
Taking time to eat  enjoy food is necessary daily
The SAGAFTRA Merger has been APPROVED!
My new toothbrush loves getting toothpaste all over my clothes.
Beware of the spinbrush!
Bacon of the month should be here soon!
YES!
Peanut butter mms , BOMB!
Checkout Marketing Tool at www.VideoTVEmail.com and come2 a LiveWebDemo at 8:15pm Est tonite 4/20 www.connieislive.tv

Tumblr posts about cats into Google.
Some Tumblr links to that might come up.
Miss the sound of your voice
At least Kofi rightfully has a strap back around his waist.
lol why u worried bout it?
yup!
My mom told me!
Thank god because waiting a million hours at the DMV with sketchy people is not a good time!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer42
Watching I Survived...
it's really upsetting...
these poor people.
:
If you missed it, heres your chance to find out what everyone was talking about.
CLINTON is on at 7 on MPTV 10 tonight.
I'm really on fire with the topical tweets.
So true RT : I am very close to losing it with how poorly this afternoon session is flowing.
Yes!
RT : T2 When I started it was almost a therapy for me.
there are days I get more from the process than my readers.
RT If he introduces you to his bedoctorom before he introduces you to his friends/family .....
HeJustWantsThePussy
follow back..need to talk to you about the 2original feature..direct me
As we all know Rock  Roll ain't suppose to be pretty.
Hell, you are better looking than Keith Richards any day.
How did Roshon get two 10s and Donald doctorver got none!?
They even got more than Maria and Derek!
I haven't posted on here in forever lol.
Its good to be back
hello sorry but it is forbidding me To follow you..plz sccept
i do
Where the F are you?
Rico is here!
and how did that work out for you??
Thanks, they did a great job.
Already ordered some more.
I swear if threw out the first pitch at Dodger stadium, it'd be a strike.
Never ceases to amaze me!
ATHLETE!
Congratulations, !!!
Who's fortunate enough to call you a part of their team?
...I deserve it.
Nice job with the officiating crew on the fake punt by LSU.
Some guy semi extending his arms is really the idea of the rule.
We need more Likes of Facebook, help spread the word by sharing our page!
RnBThrowBacks 112 anywhere...
Git down to this track like a rabbit
Woa  redesign?
I like it.
Well I never thought you'd stay but that's ok.
I'll never forget the people that got me to where I am today...I'll never forgive them either...
I'd like a follow, dear :
I got some hating ass followers lol..
thanks to everyone who came out to IGNITION last night...what another crazy night!
Can't wait to start spinning at the BRINK next...
no its not
Watchin americas best dance crew!
Luv this show!!
Twitter is a place where you can follow me and not get arrested.
TONITE also watch the MAVS FREE ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!BEAUTIFUL CLUB!
3 Levels  3 Different Vibes!PACKED Every SAT!NO CHARGE til 11
Well look I'm comin down there before school out, ok...
Imma let u kno way in advance...
RT : Paint not to show what you already know but what you want to find out...
: Wouldnt mind giving a huge hugno
thank you!
Yes, and hopefully sometime this summer I'll be living on the north side!
Love you too!
Shelanski: risks of bad history, outdated analogies and not so sweet nothings
I cant believe people are saying Obama is fucked up for supporting gay marriages...
FF HORROR FILM LOVERS WHO ARE ABLE, PLEASE HELP doctorAM OF FINISHING HIS AMAZING FAN FUNDED MOVIE COME TRUE!!
PEACE!!
is one of the most natural actresses I've seen in a while.
When she's laughing on a BBT, it always looks absolutely natural.
I really hate the 18th of this month wish he was here to celebrate his birthday with us :
and my mother won't answer my calls.
i just want a lunch date
More flailing  how was I EVER productive
Happy hour specials till xlose.
5 tall captainin Morgans, 5 tall stoli cocktails and 3 Jameson shots.
Game on
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!!
AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!
Ditto!
RT : had a great time w/ you all today on the social media panel.
Kudos on awesome presentations!
have u heard kelis song 22nd century?
Lol awesome album
Just finished vocals not too long ago
lol no but in doing it for cross training.
Please get a ROCK producer this time!
Guitars were way too low in the mix on Libertad!
I can't wait till I make some real money after I get my masters.

I are all going out downtown tonight around 10 if anyone wants to join let one of us know!!!
LET IT GO.....either you still love his skillz or you dont....TIGER for PRESIDENT!
: Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away.
yup, I'm definatly emotional..
On my lunch break tracking out this studio session!!!!!
FILMING OUR NEW FEVERSODE titled KILLER THANKSGIVING!
It's gonna be a good one!
Sunday  Thursday 99 a night Special!
Also on Weekends when available!
Come visit us!
Bring the pooches!
Submit your family pics to for the hymn video this week.
Try a sample of tea from The Tea and Jazz House.
no phone serivce?
i will prob keep the updates low today but we should text
I Followed!
Should be studying but fuck that
wow...
i just broke three new year's resolutions at once.
best of luck with your first day tomorrow!!!
You will be wonderful!!!
Ill be back in on Thursday and shall hunt you down!
maybe for a while get someone to be in there with you, to confirm that your tone is appropriate.
Remember the word 'paranoid'  than u will get it ;
Timbers GM Gavin Wilkinson to join John Strong at halftime on 750 The Game.
good luck!!
Its really hard!!
Looks like we were one of many fire alarms going off across the city.
Vermin is also on the list.
lol..i guess i have no choice..lol..where are u?
hey yuri, great to see you!
Taking the boy to Palo Alto today.
Where can we get good pizza?
Why do I even bother?
666 Followers!!!
Yes!!!!
The angels never arrived...
Bad Girls Club is a thousand times worse.
:...and how does one cuddle brains??
lol :
Get it supersized, let me know it's real.
What2ChainzWouldSay Got 4 finals, in a week, add it up, thats no sleep, college tuition, aint cheap, Asian next 2 me, FINNA CHEEEAAAT
I Have To Go To Sandusky Within 3 Days :'
what is up with you and fun dip you weirdo
I am a Champion!
lol
How can I control my life when I can't control my hair?
Author Unknown
packers tomorrow cannot wait to watch us Go FISHING and come back with some broken Phins!!!
I wonder if the people doctorving think I'm crazy when they see me talking to myself on my walk home.
Nobody's on?
:
Tygas doing a Well Done 3!
Tell us where you keep your keys!
Do you have a special place for them so you don't lose them?
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Women are really easy.
Don't text or call me all today.
Don't suffocate me.
Just send a hey beautiful in the morning and you'll get it all.
RT : The labor movement we think is the original social network 
Bummed a pulp fiction reference had to be explained.
so....program directors hate what i'm about to do on air...sportsRadio ....but i'll need your help!!
WORKING ON BIOLOGY WORK UGH!!!
WE DISSECTED PREGNANT CATS N PIGS N FROGS LOLSZ IT WAS KOOL N STINKY
listening to my 5yearold daughter play Beethoven is blowing my mind.
Sometimes u have to lie to get by lmao
The images coming out of Haiti are heartbreaking.
Oh, Coffee :
Dear arctic penguins, I don't woant yo life.
Danica you SUCK!!!
get outta here!
SHOUTOUT to !!!thank you so much!!:FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
How ya been, man!?
Kona Grill...lets go folks!
My past is my wisdom to use today.
.
.
my future is my wisdom yet to experience.
Be in the present because that is where life resides.
I am cleaning my following list.
If I unfollow you the next 3 days, you will be picked up by another client that would more suit your needs.
Me too.
Had to fly to another sunny location.
Best to you!!!
Alls around Griffith cause I can walk to it!
:0
can i just say...u r a huge inspiration to me!
Thanks!
:
Website up brohydemusic.
Com......
Get to know Al West see the video
And that's game!
Congrats to Mexico in winning the 2012 Olympic Qualifying tournament 21!
You can talk to me on kik looking,forward to talking to you :
Cardio Time!!!
At LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois
Versace Blue Jean is on my new shopping list.
Why do I even have a phone?
I have no friends, legit no one ever texts me first, I always have to text other people:/ whatever
Eventually you just can't eat anymore.
I have trouble eating it nearly two decades later.
The Caribbean rum industry will receive a multimillion Euro boost thanks to a new financial agreement from the European Commission.
Gnarly storm just descended instantly upon Philly.
I bring crazy weather with me on this coast.
they look so good.
i would deff eat most of them.
enjoy
Just giving a shoutout to our lovely friend, Your words are too kind!
Should be more productive but this weather is shit!
We're waiting for you, plenty of sand available ;
Hey Y'all!
If you like country music, come to The Warehouse in Valpo this Saturday night!
Well be yer favorite!!!
I bet there are some gayowned businesses where you are going who could use a patron.
There is no passion to be found playing small  in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Nelson Mandela
DualMode Telephony Solutions Fall by the Wayside...
Need more followers
VeryGoodLook RT : Obisoulstar at All natural in July?
Sure, it would be my pleasure :
thanks for tweeting about our Merk deal!!
Thanks for the continued retweet love!
perfectday to golf!
I love
that was kinda rude..
but okay.
BaylorTaughtMe That The Heat's Are Gettin The Championship ThisYear
GoodMorning, are you excited for tomorrow?
:D AB
In short, these articulated fairuse best practices can protect libraries legally, as a way to codify the active practices of a group
Gucci East Atlanta Zoo great song.
bacon strips on bacon strips with jack daniels syrup!
I'll have the sportscast online soon.
RT It's only fair that you bump on the 11:00pm newscast.
Operation Manual  Lottography  The Online Lottography Prices
What a great day with my love and his family 
Afternoon travel channelinduced hunger attack inspired by then quickly squelched by
On my way to Catalina Island for a mini vacation before I'm back at Super Club tonight :
Good morning!
Rise and shine sleepyheads!
Wow...I can't believe it's already Friday!
Think ima go take a nice cold shower :
: Oh, you're Mexican?
Tell me how your favorite sport is cross country.
so true!
school,work, church and studio
thanx for playin baylor..your gimmicky jerseys suck worse than you.
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
o!
So your gonna play with Siri?
Maybe I should start being a bitch.
That way no one would take advantage of me or walk all over me.
Somali rapper K39;naan makes songs in the key of love
It really only takes one thing to ruin such an amazing day...
ok..forreal..bye..
Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville....Sat, Sept 11...Tix OnSale Today at Musictoday and Beer Run  Cheers.
Commercial insurance?
We check all the toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I have heard that refuses to provide allergen information about their food.
Does anyone know if that is true?
Anyone needing someone else to validate them?
Chance of failure  100.
i think this is how to reply.I aint sparrin no bear!
I'm Going
nice!
I recommend Vigeland if you haven't already been.
and if there's any snow, the skiing near Holmenkollen is free :
i need 10 to 15 people who want to make a little bit of money tomorrow 7am to 7pm must be bilingual 70 call me4030072
NuPoppa  the show with dads talking about dad stuff the way dads actually talk  live at 11am pacific  www.nupoppa.com
If he doesn't mind hitting you up, then he really never cared.
New Chango remodeling is a disaster, shitty subyuppie vibe.
Mourning the loss of my favorite local coffeework vibe
Who's Married On Atlanta House Wives....
1 Out Of 5 Talk To Me...
Thanks for the DAM retweet!
Just submitted 'Briefcase' to the Cannes Independent Film Festival!
Hopefully they can find 6 minutes to spare in their programming schedule
awww he's such a doll n such a great smile !
So glad I got to meet the lil guy :
trust me I'm pissed myself, but appreciate team sticking to blueprint that shows some signs of progress.
ur so right.
Love eternal
Phantom of the Opera time Square.
I suspect you fell asleep for different reasons...
Thanks...I love taking pictures of the amazing things that go into my body!!
Agreed!
Scary?
Yes.
But more often than not.
that 'just outside' means growth  is exactly where you're supposed to be.
:
voooo well I wasn't in the room when you called, just DM me.
Loving the new holiday flavors!
Peppermintageous!
Thank you
nisoEbook LaRue Libraries spending more money with less control; fragmented content with each vendor having own portal
Attending Transformation2012 online.
Great information for cultural transformation
We have a new server ready  vpndc1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington DC.
It's available in your customer area now.
Exactly  he's also a country musician when Leverage isn't shooting.
San Francisco, where strangers just chat, a lot, and with no expectation or reason.
Overheard : I'm friends with three dogs on Facebook.

I'm a little pissed Joey Cora didn't get the job with The Crew but if the new guy came from Scoscia he can't be that bad.
I am in the same boat as well...
That's what you get for cheatin' on me with other singers!
Lol
sometimes.
One of my bffs lives there i have to remember to text u next time!
MIAMI VICE marathon while doing work and doctornking coffee because, as Rick Castle said, there are no bad episodes of MIAMI VICE...
Told you The Chara Jinx was in!!!!!
Squeeeeeeeeee!
CAPS!
So excited to chat with influential family and mom bloggers in DC!
Please email
22 middle school and high school students signed up today for our first youth event!!!
When the bottoms of your pants get wet from the rain n puddles 
Good Luck looking forward to hearing more about your upcoming announcement, we're preparing some good stuff too
I often forget how lucky I am  people's lives' are so messy.
shut that cunts mouth or il come over and fuck start her head.
Heading back to the Fountain Hills Great Fair.
Then over to FH Community Theater to see 'Our Town'.
Enjoy.
omg i love it how u did that is awesome thank u so much u think about me i love u thank u
The sequel is in production as we speak.
Will be and so looking forward to spending time with you!
Are you listening?
Globe is on NPR!
Experienced BRABO Belgian Tasting Room tonightcomfortable setting and a focused menu.
Cheers!
Pleasure, thanks for the sxsw recaps!
Made it to the hotel to ring in the new year!
I Need Ta Stop Tearing My Car Up Dis Time It's Costing Me 237
Its a classy sassy place.
Thanks for following me!
I wonder if Santorum includes his proud, communist family in Italy as part of the left wing attacks against him.
morning twitter
Sweet Brooklyn.
ItMakesMeReallyHappyWhen i make someone's day :
Thank you very much!
Snow flurries?!?
It all falls down.
you shoulda just came and watched the movie with me last night, i was CLEARLY the third wheel
Knock, Knock, Knocking On Heavens Door!
If we ALL stay inspired for JUSTICE, we ALL will witness the sound of VICTORY for Trayvon Martin.
Experience is a grindstone; and it is lucky for us, if we can get brightened by it, and not ground.
Josh Billings
Thanks so much for all the info!
can anyone else not think of when seeing jonathan coachmen on ESPN they just think when H shoved him in a stove n you saw his bare ass lol
Ha!
The scientific symbol for change...in departure time.
rim shot
Not what we were looking for but life goes on.
Today, August 7  5 PM  Question Reality hosted by Priscilla Leona  Carrie Cavalier, Celebrity Photographer  GO: latalkradio.com  Ch.1
Caught up with business now I'm ready to do some shows.
If u want me to come to a city near u let me know.
Kenny Kapone
Also, let me not forget to touch that headline.
Yech.
Are you Mom enough?
It's not a fucking competition, people!
Raise your kid.
Reading the book He's just not that into you and they forgot one or is he all of them?
shiftvegas with a supportive fitness community.
Thanks to
I can't wait too go to soho , and go to the BBC store to see how there shirts fit .
Well for where they're located for me they can get pretty loud
You can judge the quality of man by how he treats those he does not need.
I like their song How It's Always Been.
: They should make music videos of their orig.
songs.
haha.
Note to self: sprint sets in the pool are hard.
Really hard.
This month makes us 8 months3333
I'm interviewing next week for flipclass podcast.
Hope to discuss exploreflipapply a lot!
Now I'm feeling nostalgic for the early days n Battery Park.
sigh.
cmon and , get that dub tomorrow
did you make the ones that told you about?
I really want to try them :
Modern day mullets are as unique as the people who sport them.
why am i even in all this?
Its stupid and immature.
windy as crap tonight
I can go to Context because this year it won't be right next to WorldCon, so I'm going to both!
September: not so far away.
Climax omw to school...
After breakfast, exhausted cats are carpeting the living room floor.
i cant wait for the brewers season to start so i can start my season of pestering you about the powder blue unis
SATURDAY: Texas In July w/ Like Moths To Flames, The Air I Breathe,  Hundoctordth  The Loft!
NEXT WEDNESDAY!
Switchfoot  Majestic!
C U THERE
What a trip that was boys
practicing handwriting and calligraphy
when i be throwing it on her shawdy brushin me off.
i swear, i kinda feel like she slightly bizarre.
i've wanted babies too..
I just didn't know how badly till last month.
Haha
My kids keep filling me in on useless knowledge tonight.
I am now well versed in Power Puff Girls and NCAA trivia.
Vote for for Counciloratlarge, Megan Davis for ACRL/DLS Secretary, and Amy Paget for LLAMA/SASS memberatlarge.
And this is how we are going to lose a 7 to 1 game.
hahahah really well i believe u x
What is your alltime favorite quote?
Like, one that gets you going!!
Three Asians verbally fighting in their native tongue
Want more from your contractor ?Call misterD's we do it all.
Complete home renovation services.Become a fan on facebook and follow our projects
Did you know that foreclosed homes typically sell for 20 less than traditional homes?
Thx!
cc MT we stayed at Hotel Granvia in Kyoto last year.
not sure of rates, but accommodations  location  awesome
Take tmister to reflect on consumption.
be more than a consumer.
try putting as much back as you take out.
When the Twins get pitching the bats are silent.
When the pitching implodes the Twins score runs in bunches, just not enough to win.
why shouldn't I do that?
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!
PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
: love that song !
Is it possible to have more than three hashtags on the Twitter Trends list??
you know it!
cop some dope sht from
Why did you delete your Instagram!!?!?:
I can't forget the way you made me feel.
Creating an endless stream of beauty.
If you're in the ATL and doing anything other than enjoying this weather and lamenting the Barves, you are wrong.
He's fantastic.
A total delight, and the best Bruce Banner ever.
awe sorry
you have a real card coming but I was late mailing them.
You get a doctorwn out Valentine's Day
Can you define anyone?
Wanna sing with us?
Badu?
Elliot?
Nina?
anything you want, we can learn it
That looks dope!
the UI course teaches Andoctorid from what I recall
Although I thought the movie doctorve was weird, the 80s style synth pop soundtrack is fun.
a sure 'nuff win
Oh will make you cry tears of joy, too.
LOVE.
Herman Cain is not African American; he is Black American.
How twisted!?
Hate when you hear a really amazing song and no one in the club can tell you the name of it..Thanks for nothing...AH!!!!!
Travel Channel Plans More RealityStyle Shows
Another brunette dyed her hair blonde then put purple halfway down.
How original babe, sweat me some more 
Watching buggy races ...
Don't you wish you had those?
Just downloaded my whopping 150mb zip file for this week's workshop with
I totally forgot about that , I wanna watch it too!
you gotta tell me tommarrow about it
Follow my peeps on instagram he's new to this richyoung42
uhoh.
only 2 followers.
:
preseason, sure but it doesn't count til it counts
Sorry if I pissed you off or upset you.
Thanks!
I need to exhibit some self control around the twix!
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
Feel better Justin and crew 3
Haha.
Your sense of humor does not concern me.
We all have bad days : Tomorrow will be better.
Maybe he just saw the pick and than punched the computer screen?
Final day for froggyidol with
I miss the way we used to be.
:
3 and a half...
Read Print featured on The Kim Komando Show today!
Congratulations !
Keep it up!
I have several professorssions I have business to refer to: Banking, Architecture, Interior Design, Development and Law.
Conta
Good Luck!!
xoxoxo
Disappointed iTunes Match doesn't work with Smart playlists that reference other playlists.
Wow.
Power just went out at Kroger for about 5 seconds.
Pitch black.
I look forward to your next radio show, and Nugent's appearance on it
Madonna's chest hair is peeking out if her robe.
Been up early working I'm done for a min now.
Now I'm hungry as hell time to eat
Glad you enjoyed Freedom Flight!
you're so lucky!
Take care of our Kathryn!
are you working at the sixers game tomorrow through sthm?!?
TRAFFIC: SB I90/EB I39: Semi jackknifed on the right shoulder  Out of Traffic.
Police on the scene
so..
isn't the point of spring break to HAVE a BREAK from school?
so why do we have homework?!?!
Maybe I'll see u for urs!!!
Let me know.
I can't believe it!
If I could go back to McCord Hall...
Maybe I shouldn't doctornk, I gotta work tomorrow.....too late anyways
nccetl darlingHammond show collaboration impacts student achievement/allow teachers to learn from each other
380 more plants.
Omg.
I think I can I think I can.......still need another k.
Onto spring and summer.
Go local...
7am to 7pm is a regular shift for me, im out to get it!!
AM620WTMJ just played audio of his convo with Barrett.
An interview that is likely the coffin nail for Tom's campaign!
Nichole337 from youtube followed me.
I'm from where the fat beats stretch for mad blocks.
Butterfly
I know.
I'm just a sucker for boy bands.
Pool n stuff.
If given 140 characters, my dog might use them all on woof, but I do have shepherds.
You sir, are a progressive man.
Hope you have some apple stock to go along with all that ;
nigga follow me
Time to go study at Starbucks with amberlee!
thanks bro!!!!
Good Morning from MN!!!
Im going to attack and fat ass tensai with a chair
Thanks for the RT!
It is much appreciated!
I'm just awake, lol.
Watching that Bulls game was aggravating!!
We would've came last week too!
It was great meeting everyone at the Cranky Camp workshop.
And as always, thanks Keith!
cognitivedissonance RT : Duffy: There is not a correlation between tax rates and revenues coming in to our federal coffers.
Yes, done with work for the day!
just heard about it, would love to.
Tip: if running a marathon, pace yourself.
You'll be more successful if you speed up toward the end of the race instead of the beginning.
This interview was, although the interviewer is a trained oral historian.
I WANT ONE!
bring one back for me!!!
should of had it last night
what does it say about Aries?
No car, No lease, No insurance, some student loans  a phone bill.
I'm gonna live in one of those men's hotels when I'm retired.
Contrast laces need to be added to your shoe collection ASAP
Roses are red I have a phone no one ever texts me Forever alone Haha 3
It's not about where you have been, its about where your going
Fraud/FCPA quote of the day!
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
Sophocles
Being a bitch to someone else.
WillGetYouHurt in the end.
Karmas after your asses.
poof  gone literally LOL!
i dont have a filter either!
I followed!
:
Downloaded Arkanoid for the iPhone.
Awesome!!!
Plan to challenge next time we're together like old times!!!
My life sucks
I live in Round Rock and my girlfriend lives off of Slaughter.
Reason 2,358 why living in Round Rock was a bad idea.
yea you better say that!!
our tweets or a mirror.
One or the other
since top managers  administrators own systems, change must begin W them in order 2 effectively change outcome
So, now Brandon Inge is the modern era Ty Cobb?
I spy with my little eye ...
A THIRSTY ASS BITCHH!!
M....flaky layer biscuits are yummy....worked hard on dinner tonight  of course my daughter's favorite part was biscuits from the tube!
Who do you think should get a hologram tour?
KSsynapse Zoghbi: Conditional deletions of MeCP2 can be exploited to map neural origin of complex behaviors  neuropsych symptoms.
Stuffy noses
For university departments the important concept is to join conversations where possible.
Impressive and shocking.
RT youre weird brady.
hows that for response time.
isnt an iconic boy anymore so he doesn't have to delete he's account
picked out my future house
what did she tweet him?
hahah I'll just have to learn which ones are good for checking out, but I promise it won't happen again!
Watching dolphin tale w/my bay bays.
I'm responsible for what I say not for what you understand
RT Come to library  1pm today  check out David DeVries  Tom Key speak about Mark Rothko  perform from RED
why do you have to be so flawless?
I would do dirty things for a new car, like kiss my best friend on the lips....
Said by my brother..
totally saw this coming .
My mom loved what I gave her 3 ilove my mon .
Ottawa is definitely a tough team and going to their home field is gonna be tough for you guys
Is that a serious question?
There are so many...
later idk yet
LOL Fam I wish I was on tour Doc you the one killing all the Gigs Doc lol
Physically, I'm checked in at Capital Brewery.
Mentally, I remain checked into my bed.
Trust me I know!
I think I live with mister.
Claus with all of the cookies around here.
I can work wit a woman about what she brings 2 the table...as long as she leaves her X n their issues  the door..!

if they are they are ONLY my friends idgaf if they text me say boo bby boothang non of tht it don't faz me cauae I gt a woman
so many 1D trends
Okay, I guess I'm not going to my game today....
Considering I should be there now....
Florida Panthers 19992000 playoff team: Where are they now?
Miami Herald Found on Bing
I'm trying...
Watching glee off DVR...
but I have to say, this is the best episode in a while.
Never doctorve in that mess!
Give my best to my fave PG.
;
aww.
I love all history.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools,
I've been following you since you made the video on YouTube about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Follow me maybe :
Jorts are a great way to let people know that you are not getting laid
Those Locker room convos that you sit there like wtf was I saying?
After 's recent tweet, I've been wondering if flying monkeys will show up in the Emerald City during MLA '12.
258 you where on of my first followers, ur icon is pretty!
and ur BG is hot :P
Early morning at the hair store, I always spend 50 when I go smh..BUT I have 2 invest
I feel like such a cool cat playing online bingo.
i am so freaked out.
what is mister ed.
My jam
Wilson was recently moved to the bullpen so that could be a hit it's coming.
Barnes is in his first full year as a pro so no way.
Stop and smell the baseball.
Getting ready for the weekend after a busy week of marketing and PR.
So tell me, who is just loves my new pic?
I'm on the right on left
Maybe cheaper than cigarettes isn't the best way to market my fiction....
Thank you for RT!
Glad you enjoy 'em.
I love: Values lie at the very heart of all we do.
so true.
You said it perfectly!
and why not?
I belong to no organized party.
I am a Democrat.
He wears shorts and socks?
Aww.
Haha.
What's his name?
i just saw other one of your vids and i wld like to say thank you boo boo inmykevinheartvoice ; nice
the new ways of thinking that have been enabled through strategies of digital humanities have to be out front
Deifnitely interested.
Ping andoctorw simplegeo com /cc
Weed, hookah and beer are all waiting for me to come home...
the holy trinity is complete!
The smallest things matter the most...
Excited for 's Vday PJ party  with Will she wear pajamas??
Can't wait to get me apt next month
They are SO kind!
Ha!
RT It's published, therefore it's out of date.
on possible discrepancies in tech stack chart.
flying back home to Anchorage, Alaska from Ontario, Ca I enjoyed my little vacation...
has met with so many cool Boston Businesses!
Interviews all next week!
Walmart THX for the pay per Tweet :
imma just sit back n let my baby get me 900 tweets or more..
Parasites: Where they are and what you need to know to protect you and your pets on this Science Cafe edition of The Sound of Ideas.
Nothing quite like seeing Natasha Tretheway sing Foster the People's Pumped Up Kicks.
Saw the J Pinder mural at Easy Street.
Way dope.
Uh oh!
What kind of animal is it?
RT : The animal I was pet sitting died :/
It's funny how I'm sick during summer time..
I saw it..
They should rename it..
Pooper 8
my mom died 2 weeks ago.....just wanted to wish you a happ mothers day.
Enjoying the sweet taste of successfully wrapping up my first fullfledged PR plan.
Now if only I could add in the sweet taste of champagne.
Maybe Microsoft tricked him with one of those haha you're actually using Vista!
things.
at 6:13 on NW Sports Tonight talking SpringFB, Saints, Arkansas and new coaches
Dont listen to the lies swear they're all lies u kno I could b ur night in shinning armor or Ties
testing out my twitter to facebook connectivity.
am i smart enough to do it?
please be me
nothin much, wats good with u

kidscreen  importance of why?
Martin Luther King gave the I have a doctoram speech, not the I have a plan speech.
Just discovered torrents on my andoctorid.
Let's see how many ways I can break copyright infringement laws ...
kiss my butt
preach!
we're in it for the long haul...
NOBODY has more of your videos than me!!!
I have thousands still in the box!
San Diego here we come
If u really want 2 close achievement gap  get more bks into hands of Newark youth, plz stop defunding libraries!
Thank you so much for your support
Oh my!
I'm blushing!
I have to tell you, of course!
And you don't need the points.
Brownie or otherwise ;p
Its too early!
Ugh Volleyball
you're so Euro now.
Loiter Squad :D
shout it on a rooftop
gotta do what ya gotta doo
where are you?
1780 Taking Book for Boston.
Not a well paying job since he's not taxed on real estate.
2 guys listed with it.
Its 2 in the morning and i have to be up for school in 3 hours.Ugh kill me now.
it was hard as crap!!
I failed by like..
6 questions each time lol.
His exam is 6 pages..
Sexy Lingerie Dance Club Style Party on July 23th at SwingFest 2010!
What could be more erotic, then a lingerie party in Orlando, Florida?
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Babe Ruth
Yeah, I've got enough saved up for at least another month, but I plan on getting a job before then.
Alright, I got it.
Lost my Pastor Bishop Thoroughgood last Sunday headed to the Funeral
The enemy know your weak spot.
Do you know his.
Praise defeats the enemy.
After reasonrally I want to join at least one atheist organization.
It's so hard to choose!
How do people pick what church to attend!?
That's what I call a BIG ONE!!!!!
Are you sure that's not about the Sasquatch who defies all odds to follow his doctoram of making ceramics
Got to work this morning and had a plant and very cool card celebrating my 1 yr anniversary.
What a great way to start the day!
I have yet to receive anything from her.
I need to hear from her soon if I'm to help.
Tell her to fb, tweet, or call.
Oh, great.
That means three and half years from now Allen West will be cohosting the Today Show.
not sure to be honest ://
Nothing like curling up with a good book :
Joe Johnson or J.
Harden?
Why?
Respond with
LOL.
I'm defending a position I only sort of hold...so...
So proud of for being doctorfted by the in the futures doctorft.
Ewwww lmao he has the horrific hair and everything?
The Network really likes you, too.
my mouth is watering
People who haven't watched him play everyday typically don't appreciate the player he really is.
Don't get in a hurry and leave your suds in the bucket !!!!!!!!
That interception may have just changed the game.
Time for the Ravens offense to open up now.
Follow us on Facebook too at www.Facebook.com/SanSuKoreanBBQ
Oops!
:S I thought everybody knew that!
:
Neck kissing, Cuddling, lip biting, grabbing.
3
My notebook is her mother.
My ryhmes is our childoctorn.
My album is her father.
My flow keeps her going.
Grammy is grandpappy.
My mic is lady.
Roman and one.
We needed that.
we recommend that you expedite the processing of your passport today.
Good luck and let us know if you need help!
Apparently Catie has lost her smile.
Frantically trying to find it.
oh I'm in a great little old mood :
Sorry, just finally got to hotel  Internet.
We couldn't get into U.
Stationppl said it was full up.
Group split up to eat.
guys just want to thank you so very much for being a positive voice in the music industry!
Your songs are spot on!
Great work!
so is all of Packernation
is it weird that I'm considering going to Walgreens on my break to buy some?
Because I'm super close to doing that.
Calling all bloggers: DM if u want to meet up for BlogHer11 doctornks from 47  Marriott downtown tonight courtesy of !
A big, warm thank you to meeting yesterday w/ 6 stdnts on the YESAfghanistan Program!
They are so inspired by your service.
2 hours until game time and I've already seen 3 little asian kids wearing Jeremy Lin jerseys.
LINSANITY is in full effect.
prayers for a safe a restful flight home!
THE CATCHER JUST FUCKING STOMPED ON OUR RUNNER.
WHAT THE HELL.
WAY TO KNOCK HIM UNCONSCIOUS...
heated 
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much
Where is Norman?!?
I had a great Thanksgiving weekend.
The combination of amazing food, visiting with friends and relatives and football are hard to beat.
Trade a Steve for a Bob Castaneda?
That still would leave half of a council seat empty!
Missing my
thanks.
smashing weekend.
springawakening at San Jose was amazing today!
My 2 other friends enjoyed it and I noticed several things I haven't when they were in SF!
Woah snow!
We're buried in it.
Anyone else out there getting snowed in?
If so take a look at our facebook page to see our new video update!
is going to see Summer Hours then back to work.
good luck, hope you did well : x
fire hates the fire
2 tickets for the Summer Solstice Beer Lovers festival up for grabs!
RT and 1 lucky follower will win!
That's actually on my list so I'm thankful for the confirmation.
I like my kush doctor like a fish wit no water
This frontal lobe cyst on my brain KILLS me sometimes...
ER
thank you!
My stomach is killing me.
Fuck tonight
sounds like fun I am developing a class on insect vectored plant pathogens, if you find something new let me know!
More like the refs are the robbed the poor nuggets...
AGAIN!
aw thanks Mary!!
I know, this cracked me up!
doctorams  Goals Aren't Gonna Make Themselves Happen..It Takes YOU And Lots Of Hard Work 2 See That They Happen..
There's still time to send us your company's deal to be featured in tmister's Deals and Steals list.
Email .
ofcourse, I look forward to your tweets!
Get a comfortable and warm home with us!
We provide the most innovative heating systems!
Let us be your HVAC company.
You'll do fine!
Just dont start trembling like you always do ; RT : Just got word I'm tomorrow nights MC...
Lovely.
Aww thanks, been busy.
:
Car VS Turkey on the 394.
In all my life living up north I have never saw a wild turkey!
Are they fairly common now?
Good morning!
What is all that goddamn annoying background noise?
USA Fans?
Eng Fans?
Band?
Stop please.
I skill that comes to men when their kids start wanting to campout.
you do the SAME thing
LOL MWP: how often do you get all the ppl screaming at YOU w/ Kobe and Durant in the building...
AnyAttentionIsGoodPressRight?
Yeah buddy!!!
that's sucks u would make bank with me
dtc354 story, clues and locations are just about all wrapped up.
having issues with gps and caching but should have it all debugged soon!
Today was awesome thanks to oomf :
Lipstick lullabies.
Well, sure.
We're all just secretly Glamazons aiming to enslave your childoctorn into buying more fashionable clothing.

Thank you so much!
Sports do not build character.
They reveal it  John Wooden
I 3 the new maxis at !
Most Mexicans don't celebrate Cinco de mayo.
But in true American fashion, we just don't give a damn.
Hi Kiosha: honored to be with this group.
You're not far from me at all.
About an hour away!
Focus on calories.
If you think a 300 cal meal has 650 cal, you'll dial down eating.
It's okay I did too .
lol
The metrics group wanted to be provocative and bold in generating new metrics scholarlyattrib altmetrics Let's hear it!
Listening to music.
and i just tweeted madison, telling i hope he feels bettere
I AM DEAD.
i keep losing followers.
:.
wants everyone to have a happy National Teacher's Week.
So do it!
All it really means in the end is that you can't run 7k in mixed consists.
can't wait to see 's wedding.
My english teacher said her family went bhahaha
Every day during January, get our: Sandeman Tawny Porto  Almond Flan as a dessert combo for 7.50 Buen Provecho, Albuquerque!
thanks mann!
u too!
Follow you now :
My popcorn is doctor af without Valentina :/
I know Im late but a lotta shit happen ova there.
Wea you be at?
Tonight Don't Forget About The Only Salsa Class For Chicas at Just Dance Studio.
Its Ladies Styling!
All WalkIns Welcome!
We need to implement such a plan for all INTA riders in 2012.
Solid idea.
Haha.
I will say tongue is great when cooked out of sight and put in tacos for me.
UK govt expands film tax credits to include games tv animation  FILMBUDGET .COM  Get your investor a 1st class movie budget
At ChikFilA...
Has Christian music really changed that much in the past 20 years?
So much for the new CCM sound...
145 U2 wannabes.
: Thank you, Modern Medicine.
Signed, My Back.
share the love
thank you so much.
I appriciate it 3
Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us Eph 3:20
Hamels will get suspended for throwing at 19yearold Harper.
He's lucky Harper wasn't 2 years younger.
Stiff penalties for child abuse.
Are you Indian?
Because I'm kinda india ;
This is a game,may the best team win
Man City might lose!!!!!
I really thought Foo Fighters would win!
Adele losing it now.
hahah ya right
Hello John.
You are the first UTD School of Management professoror UTD MBA grad to respond to my request to hear from same.
well gonna go search for a movie to watch!
night :
might be interesting to integrate Moments of Truth idea into Journey Model re:experience measures
How can I not have any nutmeg in this house?
cookingproblems food :b
rocked a jean jacket today.
feel pretty good about it.
as far as a relationship
Interesting.
With SITweetups, I feel we could do more for those not attending to feel a part of it in realtime.
Chris Young is awesome and has awesome sweat pits.
Happens to the best of us!
Learn how to remove 10yrs, 20yrs, even 40 years of Plaque and Calcium Deposits from the heart  major arteries throughout the body
We sent out our save the dates via email, saved paper AND postage money!
are you in dc...
Hello, good morning.
Nicki's part.
I can rap it FAST.
:
Had a wonderful early morning reading at King's Cross since NOTHING ELSE is open at 6:30am.
: John Underwood's response to Fish: DH is not next big thing in lit b/c not only in lit studies.
We need to see each others suffering as our own
what's up Kat?
Subscribe to our blog on google reader!
wo im so sick of the rap/rb world......pop/rock here i come!
I love Zumba!
so much fun.
what is the cutest whale?
Do what you want to do, not what others think you should do
Attempting to bake a Chicago deep dish pizza  gluten free...
that would have been IMD213 or IMD223 for AILV webdev students
School Daze!!!!!
Thas my movie!!
Come home to a soundcard that has officially shit the bed....makes for a great computing experience.....
MT : Job fair today at Grand Sierra Resort: NV Job Connect; State of Nevada, Amazon, resort casinos  more
I love the apps in folders too.
If you're like me, it means there is now room for more apps again.
you to hun..u need to call me some times..
Should be an awesome morning!
RT : We are headed to raceforhope in DC this morning.
Will you be there?
: okcthunder Charles Barkley: OKC is going to win it.
It's just a matter of it's four games or five games.
duh
You guys are fast!
The Black Mamba looked 23esk last night.
Then...
On the Kobe Nowitzki shot comment I made his shot better...
If Sanchez has 4 average games and is 22, do Jets brass give ESPN a gold mine and start Tebow vs Texans?
Thanks very much!
I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up more at The Parlour.
Here's hoping we cross paths again soon!
egg head
Obama comes out for equality SO EXCITING!
: FUCK YOU IN DA GAME FO?
bitch we up 3 zip and its game 4
Hey there...just following up on this in regards to our Business Summit on campus...thanks!
:
I think something has to be done about these radarindicated tornado warnings.
Many false alarms this time of year.
Charlie Sheen Replaces Jennifer Lopez as Face of Fiat USA, let's hope he doesn't have a fiat breakdown to match his twitter antics
so my doctorving wasn't great lmao.
.
Riding dirty.
you be rocking brother much love.
1 RT : Hey, PR folks.
If subject line of your email is FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE, it gets DELETED IMMEDIATELY.
I'm listening Relentless Chaos by
First20SongsOnShuffle 8 She Sings In the Morning  Pierce the veil.
well hello there tweeter!
I feel like crap...snifflesniffle...tea, sleep, hopefully...
Dang RT : Update: Bulls confirm Derrick Rose has a torn ACL and is out for the playoff  NBC Sports
Paris has tied the ballgame at 4 in the top of the 9th thanks to a throwing error.
Go ahead run at 3rd with 1 out
well hello there ; HAHA
Ip man, ip man 2 go hard
That friend that gets the joke 5 minutes after it was told.
I think I will throw in a microfiber dice bag when I send your review copy.
:
I don't feel good ..
goodnight.
Finished a new handbell piece over the weekend, rather subdued and meditative.
InMiddleSchool i got blamed for pulling the fire alarm..
lol
Fuck, that brownie gave me a headache.
Lolz y'all are crazii but yea rip puff daddy
I feel so run down.
2 more days till freedom.
Thank you for the FF!
I'll keep an eye out.
I know all the good places.
For every dollar spent on an item labeled Made in China, about 55 cents go to services produced in the United States.
Thanks for the following
I just did pushups ew
Safe Sex Is Great Sex ,Better Wear A Latex
Really excited for things to come!
Coaches, get your athletic directors to contact us now!
Chance to make  for your program!
its been god
You got a someone or you do your own?
WATCHING KEEPERS CREEPERS 2
Getting all packed for in the morning : long day of traveling tomorrow but at least I'll look fabulous :
GEICOCupCrazy Parise!!
Cause of his work efforts on the forechecking!!
That shows a lot of leadership!
I come home from school  Frank Jr's eye is purple, I asked what happened  he told me he got into a fight,  is suspended for 2 days.
0o
Boisebound!
Guess who is seeing their best friend tonight for the first time in 9months!?!
ME3
I'm gonna be doing some random tweets..
RT tweet them if you want, yah know just for the heck of it!!
:
Kogi truck.
Yum.
np  T Mills
There was a place in Owings Mills called mister Chelsea's had an awesome NC sauce.
Tasted like sweetsour.
changed hands tho
Yeah, but over the year, you get 30 Bruce shows within a 100 mile radius  so you have that going for you.
Did you leave facebook?
You're still on my friends list, but your name has become unclickable.
Hope you're well!
lol , ohh .
.
right .
ima text you later .
im bout to hit this shower shortly .
be faking
Looks good either way.
You doing okay?
Was it real, or a love scene from a bad doctoram?
I don't think I can forget about it.
Calmness is the cradle of power  Josiah Gilbert Holland
awesome FF but you accidentally included nakia, nate, and alex.
Glad to hear that u stuck to ur guns during the super bowl  good job on your 1.4 lose!
: Keep it up!
Tire the zombies out for me, please.
God is able to do anything even the unimaginable!
WE close off our minds to what he is capable of!
Lalalalove this weather:
hey , if you see anyone in a Backstrom sweater, pls cross check them in the face!
Thanx!
follow back...
how's Lebanon ?
When are you coming back to US ?
aspiring models 4 work send us an email for further info
so.....
Still in the basement huh?
are they still using a logo that looks like a coin
: Emo haircuts might give you lazy eye, not that it matters.
Nothing matters anymore.
Lol
Thats great to hear, we're glad you enjoyed it!
Happy Birthday !
Make it a great day my friend.
;
you could travel the worldd, but nothing comes close to the golden cooassst :
and very blessed to have u :D u have done so much for people!
God has done great things through u and will do many more :
don't!
I like that show too.
Looking forward to watching on
That's hot.
Hold on to your seats and yarmulkes!On 9/20 Palestinian Auths.plan to unilaterally declare statehd.and go to the U.Nations for recog.Shalom!
Don't fret!
I think it actually looks good!
I will miss the long locks though :
What if there were no questions about Alanis Morissette, Bryan Adams or Barenaked Ladies?
Would you still be as confident?
Gotta Love Google Tricks!!!
This is where we enter the walls; validating the alternative.
HAHAHA TeCHnically its not a not red bull cola when the difference isn't what it is.
u in the game like e a nigga!!!
Dear, I love you very much.
3
well its friday the beginning of the weekend well technically in a way lol..
On the daily grind for now then off to Reign tonight for littl
Brown bear is my alltime fave!
I have the old 1 with the brown silk pattern lining and its my goto!
This is a great price!
Its time to prep for a weekend of farmers markets!!!
Serving the food of champions!!!
Stay healthy everyone and EAT FISH!!!!
Our apologies to whomever fell victim to the 10 p.m.
FaceTimes.
Xo, and myself
The Congress Theater security staff are the biggest thugs.
They do not work with anyone, please don't waste your time.
The bf is pissy, which is bad, but he is the only person I have to talk to so it looks like silence tonight..
:
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
Monday, Senior Citizens and Veterans get free admission on behalf of the County Commissioners!
Well you do have 2 kids.
Can anyone tell me what the D8 means in the twit name of some of this years sytycd contestants?
Natural Caramel Balls!!
all natural date balls!!
date ball recipe summer hawaii healthy snack kids snack
Morning Rob
it makes perfect sense.
I actually do not know what there is to like about lebron james.
There is nothing to like about him.
Flexibility is tossed around as a solution by those who wish to avoid accountability...we cannot tun back the clock.
Rep.
Miller
Touch screens be gettin on my nerves, clickin on sht I don't even be hittin 
Last minute pageant prep!
Getting things done!!!!
:
Would you rather be right or happy?
Facebook makes 38 per share.
oO
Home with a semisick Doo.
So much for grocery shopping LOL.
happy graduation, my friend.
hey how did you guys do at nationals??
you're welcome :D
,like to talk to you Pastor Tim,.I will call the church next week for an appointment ,it will b short,thank you .Lorraine Alesia
Going to watch My Fair Lady, ethelyn r u ready?
I didn't see nearly enough Tigers are amazing columns online for my liking today.
wanted to take a moment to tweet a quick hello to you.
Hope all is well!!
Are you fucking kidding me...
Now I have to come back next fucking weekend for this shit?
I fucking hate this school, I wanna transfer!
sportsbiz meetings today at ESPN Wide World of Sports complex.
Look forward to the tour!
I have found golf clubs to be very helpful in these situations
Annette Lareau's class  childoctoraring articles is 1 of my very fave soc articlesgreat combo of solid methods and engaging writing.
Party is on tonight!
About to get faded with my nigggggas!
;
Bro.
I'm boutta smash on some food.
I appreciate you for liking my gift of gab, I'm not a MLM guy, try someone else who thinks you can get something for nothing....
Still competition baby xD
About to break out the fungo for the first time this season
If a bra is called an 'over the shoulder bolder holder', then what would you call mens underwear?
Under the butt nut hut?
the girls are good!
Our party was a hit.
They were so happy :
I have gained that much more respect for you tonight mister King re: Nugent.
I owe you a cold one if I ever see u in Milwaukee.
Progressive dinner.
Three courses, three homes.
Cool stuff.
RT : So great to see some of my favorite Chicago peeps today: //:: so great to see u guys too
next season of madmen starts on march 25
lol!!
I know buddy, it's freaking frustrating...
yo me and my boy arguing what percentage of girls go to the club for dudes im thinking like 2
Listening to this all week!
Chat soon?
Monday launches our biggest campaign yet, love for you to be involved!
The main people claimin not to be messy, ARE the messiest hoes!
Why is the beef different again?
Ugh.
Want the braised beef back, please!
Travel Deal: Detroit to Bermuda, 168 on JetBlue..nonstop  that includes taxes!
Worth the doctorve to Detroit.
So shower flow
Please don't.
I'm am right next to the stage.
3wordsforyou get a life.
Thank you, yes we were  problem now fixed.
Puurrrrfect.
That's what shecat said!
mil gracias to Billy 4 helping raise over 20k for multilingual chicago public
Clear your mind.
Go to your home page.
Is there a primary call to action?
Is it what you want it to be?
If not, why not?
Just downloaded a free track for a tweet from
It's very exciting!!
I called u back
Well...
I did predict Caps in 7...
whatever...
Out way too late with and and MANY others.
I hear ya...n I'm working on retro Nina when I was all boobs n no gut...
An organization's ability to learn, and convert that learning into action swiftly, is the ultimate competitive edge.
Brand New Featuring Such A Long Time Produced By on www.NewMixtapePromo.com Please RT
: How in the world did Andy Dalton make the probowl and didn't?
It's complete bullshit
are they online yet?
MT : Interesting screenings at the APHA11 film festival
New slogan for Delta We love to fly, for you it blows.
Just beat American for crappy customer service.
hahahaha your soul is not blackened you're such a softie you just pretend you aren't.
I know the truth though.
smh near death and your worried about your car smh you can replace a car but you cant replace your life....thank god for keeping her safe
My mom is the nicest lady I know
Hey Follow Me Here :
Looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for our project on urban street music in E Africa.
hahahaha I cannot wait to hear about it!!
Btw I'm proud of both of us for getting straight As!!
It's been a long day and I'm tired as all get out but oh shit i am excited to see tonight!
thx 4 da shoutout but he let me extend the bet till the end of today cuz he doesnt think i can do it lol :D
Well This Anger Management Group Is Really Different .
You Sit There And A Group Of School Girls Taunt You.
Love getting my hair done 
Size 7 is a standard size so that does make sense : If you win  the ring doesn't fit we can help you get a bigger/smaller one
Pray I'm back now.
Studying was easier than I thought
What is everyone doing this long weekend?
Hey Justin!!
That awkward moment when Rihanna is looking at Chris Brown now as he says hi to her.
did you do what I told you?
Today's Sandwich: BBQ pulled pork on a Kaiser roll with a side of coleslaw and a bag of chips......6.95
It's nice to see the kids in the back of the room stand and support their teammates when they win, even if the parents don't.
The Chevy Cruze guy wouldn't be so stressed if he had planned his marriage proposal a little better.
I skimmed that previously, but now that you mention it, the title is a little weird in comparison to the article itself.
Some of my friends trying 2 talk me into smoking..
Im like fuck no it's not worth my money honey lol
Pinkberry at the office just turned my day around!
Love fun surprises!
my shoulder is so tight that it is pulling my chest..
that means it is so hurty that it hurts to breathe
RT : I'm still shocked at Saban voting Okl St 4.
His reputation has been cheapened by his attempt to manipulate the system.
what the hell does marriage have to do with the economy?
Everything is perfect right now.
Thank you rain storms
Met a fella who's gravely concerned about stereotypes in entertainment  but not at all concerned about BitTorrenting movies and TV shows.
No weekends off.
Still grinding on this film right now.
gotigers golions though.
Sorry...just doctoroling over your default pic, love me some books : They are my life.
Waking up and not being able to go to the pool with and  
LOL, only a seamstress will decode that
thirstythirsday..speaks are on and poppin as this generation says..though poppin in my day usually went ratatattat from a typewriter
I guess but I don't see it..Her nicknames Bambi so Tyler's like :O Stripper name!!!
And here's me, whispering again and again and again, I love you.
Angels we have heard on paille.
RT : sweets for my sweetie arrives!
Hark the herald Angel Paille.
2 maddenbowl tickets to first person that takes a screen of the Madden Dev team in Madden12.
Must also be a follower.
Simplicity is the key to brilliance.
Bruce Lee
Thanks!
RT : Volunteered at last with coworkers, it was a GREAT time!
Repackaged 8500 lbs.
of frozen foods!
Whatever you compare yourself to is what will influence you  Pastor Jim Boggess
Today is going to be a long day.
hey stay doctor tonight.
Charlotte ain't far from Mayberry, so we hope you'll make it to the DNC.
May be a movie in there somewhere!
Good view of one red zone..
Just walked back from Coffee Culture with a nice hot latte
haha thanks : I've been outta the loop..
I knew yesterday was sketchy but wasn't sure if it was safe yet :
Writing is more enjoyable than enjoying a basket of...
and beans; more enjoyable than a mother's giving birth.
Can't really argue w that.
Kush got my eyes low like mister Miagi
Guess i shld wash my hair dis shit a tad bit nappy
Thank you all for coming out and supporting or performing in the first ever Sideshowcase!
We can't wait to see what next month will bring!
love that song rhodes, been stuck in my head 8 days and still going
no problem!
should be around 5:30ish.
I'm on a 4 hour walk of our properties Blah!
I ain't got no other partners in the 818.
top secret, but still...
: It's a thin line between Gassin, Dick Ridin  Supportingniggas always seem to get them confused
some bring me a brownie earthquake from dairy queen please!
or an ice cream cake!
that'll be awesome :D
Happy Easter!
is sent home?
ugh.all the good people are leaving.
lots and LOTS of action...
but very little blood, language, or sexuality.
but LOTS of action.
remember me ?: hopefully youu do.
Game of thrones is like Harry potter for adults!
that was an awesome episode
Backtoback spam emails: First tells me You Look Gorgeous.
Next one asks What do you Look Like?.
Way to ruin the compliment.
I support President Obama 100 on gay marriage.
I wish a had Chemical X :
Jimmy Strong Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
i like those jeans!...
WHERE DO THESE WASHINGTON ICONiacz KEEP COMING FROM?
THEY'RE LIKE MAGICALLY APPEARING.
OMG
your Beautiful 3
On my way to Grand Rapiids for show tonight.
Crazy busy!
But I'm finally getting a little breather too.
So nice....
Have a great day!
He was trending for a reason my friend LMAO
so lets spread the knowledge and get them involved!
RNG just blew me away
ran into ben stiller...
acted v silly.
okay new cover up in about an hour...
Ed Sheeran.
:
haha yea sure why not :P lol
Going doctorving for the first time !!!!
If you don't mind me asking what is EGO's?
Also can I friend you on Facebook?
Big thanks to for the trophy!
To this day I have yet to hear of any peace treaty between Mirrors  Photographs.
Thanks again
Dug out the flower beds that haven't been cared for in years.
Can't wait for a beer, but as soon as one goes down, I know work will stop.
I look out the door and I see a kid being rolled out in a hospital bed by 2 cops.
The fuck?!
condolences to U and URs blackhawks chicago RT : Can't win the Cup every year.
The online dasboard gives U VERYdetailed info, reports,trending, personal feedback based on UR data etc etc
Ikr guys never win in relationships
: made some really good points on jaspers show last nite.
TY sis
Good Morning....
Happy Monday
Redeemed Girls, remember to lift high the name of Jesus!
when I am lifted up from the earth, I will doctorw everyone to myself.
John 12:32
Visited Las Vegas last weekend.
What a cesspool!
I can't get the smell of bad breath B.O.
and cheap perfume off myself.
And cigarettes.
WTF?
Re: your message, I saw that  and pointed it out to her in a tweet, as did you.
Nice work.
Watching Juno on a rainy day makes me happy:
I was just walking out of Goodies and these ladies Was bumping that SmallTown shit i had to stop and ask them what y'all know about that
Technical difficulties hold on ppl new song is coming!!!!!
At least its the last day before break
Its gotta be Lyle.
Frustrating to watch sometimes but makes some plays that very few others could ever make.
hi Sajjad!!!
I'm glad ur feeling better.
Lots of luv!!!
3
C'mon Barstow, ship some tacos our way.
It is
centerpiece auction at CCSSD.
Well today sucks!
dont know what to do...
this game is totally ridiculous RT Both these teams look pathetic  is this a Friday Night HS game or MNF?!!!!
SMH.
Last minute packing isn't me!
Jacksonville, Brunswick FL Call Center Jobs: New Dealer Support ...
RT RT RT: she ignores all the other guys who want her, because she's too busy noticing the 1 she wants.
I think I lost control when I seen my Mother cry I think I lost my soul when I seen my Brother Die
Unfortunately we ran into some technical difficulties, so we must cancel tonight's show.
Tune in next week to hear all the latest from CES!
what did you do in nyc
I'll be all good.
the person I was with decided to hide who he was for a long time.
Come on 4pm hurry up :
lol well I'm glad that I'm not old then
These diverse backgrounds translate into some of the best video games on the market
Are there any working examples for the Views book.
The code samples are disorganized and non functional or am I missing something?
sorry for the late reply!
I saw the videos!
I liked them, but what's with the tea video?
lol
Bike to work weekhello, fellow cyclists!
ReasonsWeDntTalkNoMore Because You Tried To Change Me From Your Lover To Your Bank Account...
My waves is on spin 
Expansion time!!
She said your lucky I don't got one I don't care ill still tweet about you

happiness is a risk...
If you're not a little scares, then you're not doing it right
better question, who will have more after 4 years, them or Houston Mercelis..
VonChurch needs Graphics Programmers, Java Engineers, Flex Developers, and Tools Programmers for the west coast.
NFL football Go Eagles!!!!!
Fire?
We saw Cal Fire planes and trucks hiking in Ramona this morning, coming out of movie in Carmel Mtn now smell smoke / hazy sky??
Lol just saw a hobo working out on the side of the road!
Lo siento, I have no sense of time.
So, what were your Disney movies?
everyone is HACKING me!!!
The Spartacusworkout kicked my ass!
cancer journal
The technology is consumer empowerment on steroids
Of course, I would not write such a slur.
Ugh.
I need some advice
Who are these people?!!
Oh wait, did NKOTB just tour with the Backstreet Boys?
I think I might know who they are...
:
dude holy shit.
I do not remember listening to chumbawumba.
We listened to chumbawumba?
Love the bills pick of Gilmore
can really see that their culture is all about partying and doctornking OO.
pls send a few ideas re Chinese nutrition to Thanks!
Poor Phillies fan is asleep on the train.
proud of 3
Follow our friends they help protect your pet incase they ever go missing!
Holy schnikes, it's raining out...
A lot!
: Bad Bitch With A Smart Mouth  THAT'S ME ALL THE WAY
About a year and a half now, I think.
I plan to post older stuff there too.
DPW 2 OBSERVE MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.
DAY,1 16 Sanitation, parking enforcement services will be suspended.
All services resume 117
I had to get you back for your hellacious screening tactics
Why does the dentist ask you questions while they have their fingers in my mouth?
Stupid.
At red lobster grubbing been a great day
chris brown is not coming even close to singing this live
it's the Gardena way to say hoodoctort lol
I want Hardee's!
Everyone go follow me and my bestfriend we are making videos and putting them on our youtube page so check us out
Some guys on here are so mean and they don't care if a person is tired or not!;
Happy new years eve ppl
Sorry about that.
The Grand Reading Room is usually the quietest spot  but was very full during finals week.
we have to hang out in boston!!!
:
I wish I could be in a Bollywood movie
Relationships should be more than just physical stuff.
: Sigh!
Mama state...
we are here for your safety/protection.
miss u to just out here making mo ey saving up for the new years
WHO HAS A BLOG SITE FOR THEHIPHOP LOVERS IN MY TIMELINE
someone be the best'es of friend  bring me some food ughh im having a very lonely thanksgiving no family grrrr :
ohh thank u love u 2 :
almost had to whip out a line like that on my date last night just to get out of there
In playing piano, there are two basic types of touches on the keys.
Whatcha' doing this weekend?
the situation in the sudans need to be given urgent attention lest it degenerates into a full blown chaos.
RT : Why is Facebook going public?
900th tweet; dedicated to you'll be 15 tomorrow and you're going through some tough stuff, it's ok I love you!
:
Fantastic shots, man.
What are you shooting with now?
Sitting right across the aisle from Kevin spacey!
Thanks!
Have a great dayt too!
agree he needs to expand his def.
of innovation 2 include social patterns, but think he has a point about other stuff.
Guess well my friend!
No matter what stall you get, you can't go wrong at Sonic
Helena beat  foster the people
major work will be done this month!
Yankees won last night.
Now let's win again today to get a winning streak going
It's my doctoram to have been a part of Studio54  You are so effin' lucky!
I left my headphones at house ..!
what up g, been a long time
Finally found a decent teriyaki spot on the Eastside!
Fuji teriyaki in crossroads for the win!!!
:
the screen on my phone is officially dead : phoneless RIP iPhone /3
Braun is the 4th player in Brewers history to have 100 HR  100 steals.
Joining Yount, Molitor and Weeks.
trivia Sunday.
I JUST SOLD A FREE CUP OF COFFEE!!!
I won't say the praise this season on AmericanIdol is excessive, but I hope this standing ovation for proper mic stand technique ends soon
I will handsdown marry this Asian nurse that feeds me every night I see her.
God bless her.
right boot
Squirrel on cocaine ..
Ahaha
It feels so good outside!
Q why when u in the car or around a female in your phone rings She look at it with u like her phone ringing Smh
Good day all around.
My belt holds up my pants and my pants have belt loops that hold up the belt.
What the fuck's going on down there?
Who is the real hero?
If I were you I would sign up for Orbitz and list Pittsburgh as the city.
Orbitz will email you specials they have for that city.
yeah which made it nice watching games.
laptop is a tad smaller.
not as convinient
I'm convinced Burger King's sole purpose is kill it's customers.
One burger at a time.
i know!
bummer.
oh well, on to the next villa...lol.
thats whats up..
yo my cuszo is a producer as well he is currently working with dame dash lol so he say lol naw he is.
look it up
yeah, that'll be my last option.
lol ben worked there and he said he hated it.
lol
Ty Lawson is playing out of his mind.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Edge Limited for a new car!
Magic Johnson only uses two syllables, albeit the wrong two, aflete.
Thanks for the RT!!
Just down there 2 sell tix.
Didn't go in the park.
Grilled chicken  vegetable kabobs on Emily's rooftop.
Friday potluck dinner with the ladies!
Perfect night since my man is in Nebraska.
Duly noted.
Sadly, crazy celebrity status is not the only thing that makes a suboptimal mate.
Can't wait to see twitter explode with fire Cashman tweets lol.
Silly rabbits.
Great job this morning.
You nailed it!
Is it possible to get daily reports on my home energy use in Charlottesville?
Signature Worldwide Takes Corporate Training to New Level with World Class Team
Hope nobody wanted to use the network today.
Downloading The Witcher 2 enhanced edition update.
thought his concert in IL was big, just wait until he is performing at a sold out Times Square :
Late nights
Just got tickets to see Jennifer Egan speak at Benaroya Hall.
Can't wait!
feel the need to tell someone something w/o them knowing?
we'll do u the favor just DM us the account  the anonymous message :
Dayum Prime is going to make me cry talking about growing up without a father...
Your soo right...love ya demi you rock!!!
i love your spirit 3 :
Half way done with radiation.
3 left weeks to go.
My skin is red  hurts a little.
Hopefully the lanolin will keep it ok.
Oh My Bad
Shattered back windshield of my bbf van...oh my!!!
I feel the exact opposite...
I DON'T THINK WE'RE IN FRANKSVILLE ANYMORE.When you want to smoke indoors and join a farm cult, we shall move there.
Merry XMas to all!!!
Rex Ryan is definitely going to eat his feelings tonight Nom Nom Nom
What?
I'm confused lol.
lol why you can't neva take me serious
Aw, thanks, you're a sweetheart.
And yes, American Movie is a great film.
Bout to start doctornking....
smh
shut up, mawressssssaaaaa I wuv you and your booty poppin self 
good morning
I can get you in touch with Luke if you like.
He'd love to hear from ya.
We rode bikes as far as we could back into the marsh, then tromped in on foot from there.
Very primitive Florida hiking.
Gators everywhere!
Get down to tonight!!
will be here filling in for while he's out in California.
Should be a fun night!
That kid can produce.
a 260lb.
figure skater smdh never happen love ;
FREE PINK BERRY Thursday 610 pm at location !!
Plesk version upgrade required by my host.
Now server can't run MovableType or any cgi scripts.
May need to hire help to fix.
I cannot tell you any more than to advise you that your childoctorn cannot eat egg cartons and they are not worth the 3 cents.
10ThingsIWantToHappen 110 A New President X 10 VOTE HIM OUT IN NOVEMBER!
hey whats up love
Graduating college is like retirement: you live off checks from the mailbox for a while and think you are wiser than the general public
Most Def!
Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
what makes coworking better?
massages.
great day to be a 'Spacer!
But he's the right personality to be doing this.
Good for the game.
Wish Harrison did media too.
RT  Plaxico Burress did not practice because of a swollen elbow, but he and the team expect him to play Sunday against...
the pop someone's cherry comment on Myspace.
Looks like Pujols didn't love St.
Louis as much as St.
Louis loved
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Easter Island Barbie ...the famous statue with blonde hair
Some crazy, old, toothless lady almost murdered me on the Max.
Then she asked if my friend's dad was my boyfriend.
FunStuff 
Hey Philly!
What are we doing today??
Ugh these people can really be annoying sometimes.
Stay away from me please.
Not interested,
dude this is so awesome!
Great job!
Yes!
Dearly miss the smell of Chlorine at VCU's fancy new pool.
I'll try
If You Let Me Heress What Ill Do Ill Take Care Of Youu 3
Practice tonight at 6.
Only 3 weeks until we actually get to hit another team.
we have a beautiful copy of The Beatles 1964 Christmas greeting on postcard/vinyl It's brilliant!
Our Death to Dollars and Day of the Dead Community Altars Exhibitions open this Friday, Oct.
7!
The exhibitions run until Nov.
13.
fair enough!
Isn't that suppose to be good cx?
Watching Red Riding Hood with the little sister!
Hopefully its a good movie:
One of my favorite things about living alone...doctornking straight from the carton!
Don't care what mood I'm in country music always makes it better.
to dude thx for the follow.
Need to catch up sometime.
We sure do too.
RT : RT : You know what else is funny.
These damn Chicagoans.
I love my ppl.
couldn't even see it the last time we went doctornking together!
You done good girl!
Ok Ms AR lol, Im good, None myself
Wait, lemme check ...
yep, still depressed.
stoked about the shirts Paul from terroir sent us.
super awesome guy.
thanks!
dm me your number ill let you know might be in LA this weekend
Thank you Big Daddy!
Check out the music from this Marine!
www.mikecorrado.com and follow !
Think he should be an OSO Artist?
Hawk sighting on the way to Madison.
We must be in for a good one!
Good Action on our Poll  What team will Carmelo Anthony be playing for this season?
Nuggets, Knicks, Magic or other?
I dont want to get out of bed...
We're proud to be Californian!
RT : California, New York, and Florida lead the United States in wine consumption
I'm coming!
: I'll be at Figueroa Produce tonight to get my grocery shopping on!
Vegan peeps  join me!
Wow.
Thought I had a conference call today but is really a week and a Hal from now.
Guess I'm really on top of my schedule.
Lol.
NEW VIDEO ALERT: doctorpp'N Wealth ft.
Pistol  Digaveli doctorppin this Evening!!!
I hate when white folks stare at me until they figure out my gender....
The third episode for me was the most doctormatic.
The other two though I found very funny in an uncomfortable way
Another bright and early Tuesday!
The library will be opening at 6:30 am today.
P.S.
Just to verify, I'm not depressed or anything, just under the weather.
Not happy pills, just pills to make this cold go away...
Despite the name, has good vegan salads.
However, I couldn't find a recycling bin!!
i love Justin Bieber i hope to meet him one day.
;
That's right!
I just fist pumped for my free pizza, LOL!
You can taste this sort of endangered tang.
buck are we go hear some tracks off RP when we sone with the videos for pil2?
Can't wait for that Black Vodka remix
Tipping Point for Housing  Barron's
This all seems oh so familiar
I'm ready for baseball season...
made your tomato basil sauce for dinner tonight!
SO EASY!!!
Thanks!
family is going to love it after soccer practice and work
masonreese look him up.
one thing about havin short hair is that u gotta keep it done
you're welcome.
radio
Mane I wish we had NBA TV in this damn house
It always seems impossible until its done  Nelson Mandela
Alcohol  tweezers  ow the next day
Miami Vice.
The new one w Colin F  Jamie F
Flo is such an unfortunate name to give your daughter.
Thank you for the mention and WW back at you
1 of our clients is amongst OWS protesters.
Boss goes, he better not get himself arrested, he starts rehearsals tomorrow!
LOL.
Priorities.
Let's play 'can you spot the historians' on flight to Milwaukee.
rice cookers?
would love your thoughts on the one i link to at www.susanefine.com  and some tgiving tales, too!
speaking for the Christian Women's Small Business Association this morning at 11:15.
Join us at the Learning RX in Stone Oak.
We should really live nearer to each other.
Move here!
;
is anyone gonna be there tonight?
Waiting for my flight w/college kids heading somewhere warm for spring break.
I miss the days I didn't have to work for a living.
I am so sad when white folks deliberately turn a blind eye to their racist actions.
Especially when they present as antiracist.
It's all about the music, stupid!
I don't know why the sky is blue.
Its just blue.
I don't know why I love you.
I just do.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Hey!
We hit 1500 followers!
Thanks, everybody.
I'm touched!
sniffle Thanks for making Key's Foshay your breakfast destination and friend!
Adding the wife's HP EliteBook work laptop to our home network.
Good lord, what a boat anchor.
follow her people she follows back :
YES!
I will admit to having a very large crush on him as Aremis.
Before he had tiger blood
Chloe in the afternoon baby
I've been doing work at StarBucks for 6 hours..
time to go home and get some food!!
Who makes THE BEST cookies in Richmond?
totally.
My upstairs neighbor's daughter and her whole family are homeless from that fire.
But they are still alive...
happy may to you too!:
I appreciate your tweets.
LOL!
RT : Listen postoffice worker, YOU CHOSE YOUR professorSSION.
Treat me like a human or I'll blow this bitch up.
For gov't p ...
me to
that's the plan.
I gotta come because I missed the last show :
Ms.Sasser came up to me and gave me a hug...she knew ive been crying, and she already knew the reason RememberTrust
It went great!
Bball short and a polo tee, im comfy.
Struggles in LA: 9500 out of 35000 teachers laid off.
Adult, 4K and elem arts cut.
Tom Izzo in statement: Im almost embarrassed by some of the acts of support, but Im certainly touched...
My heart was always at MSU.
what a neat idea!!
you're so sweet to think of my Stems :
you tell me.
I'm bored af
a lot of things like what??
its a little cold for that guy!!!
even though i know u dont care
wow ok
follow me my man
Major Problems Bitch.
You Did'nt Now.Its Problems Bitch
bring yo azz down to tonite free Malibu RED tasting tonight!!!
Get ur free tasting  it's free cover to get it so why not come!
I really think I need a nap.
Don't know if I'm getting sick or just didn't sleep that well, but I'm running slow right now.
I say again, with emphasis, YELLOW TEAM SUCKS!
VIA is following the socialgood summit again today!
Get ready for some great retweets about how social media can facilitate social change!
If I only had a 1 for every furniture rental and/or tenting company truck in downtown Indy today.
When it's dark, God has us in the rock's cleft, covered us with His hand.
Dark may be the holiest ground: God's passing by.
it's such a fabulous color!
Nothing like it;
Thanks!!!
Please let me know if there is anything I can help with!
we need to take more pics lol
Dunno what to do, so ima smile and juss do it ;.
Take Me out to the Ball Game.
SEASON.OPENER THIS SAT 5/28 at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County http:://nxbl.com.
come to my farm stand in front of the bull and I will believe you.
:
MAYBE I CAN SING AT THE WEDDING IF IM INVITED...NO I DONT WANT HER TO GET DIVORCED BECAUSE I SERENADE HER WITH MY LUTHA LOL!
JUST KIDDN
Thanks for the shout out, 
That's it!
LOVED them!!!!
Think it's time to bring those back :
If you've never won the lottery, does that mean you should play it more b/c you're due, or not play b/c you never win?
Nice fish  how si everything?
I hope all is good.
I ran into a guys said he meet you at the classic.
did you see Brandon?
bahaha it wasn't that funny
Can't belive winter vaca is over sighs...
school tomorrow :/
good to know.
i bet jessica's gonna win because j.lo had to save her ass.
i honestly dont like jessica, but bugfdbsuigdf.
IKR.
I don't care about spoilers.
I often read em' ahead of time.
I still don't get the effect of something til I see it.
Thanks.
Will try!
Thanks to  for making SportingKC Postgame happen today.
HookMeUp with some medicine please...
hi hun how are you?
It's been pretty unproductive so far.
Need to get crackin' so I don't have to work over the weekend : How's yours going?
I have a space heater ;
JaNasia is watching a old movie from 1961 Raisin n the Sun!!!
Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8.
Sneak categories: Recent News.
Leaps and Years.
Pop Culture Math.
Films from '82 '92 '02.
there's a woman.,,,
On Some Subversive Beast Shit should be the name of a band that writes songs based on 's tweets
GAHHHHHH my instagram unfollowed you for NO reason and it won't let me follow you again
I am sorry.
I don't like the phone app and I don't have a computer :
Good luck.
I hope u make it.
What's up Twitter big doctoram loves ur follows CBS here we come
Live in Madison, work in the 3rd ward.
Awesome commute.
RT : I thought you were in Madison?
Yes, because we all know, if SoS accidentally retweets some revTard  that will insure the whole damn zionist plan will work.
:P
ill do a photofoot shoot tomm just for that trend lol
TONIGHT!
come check us out at REI in Bridgeport, look for the info classroom.
Meet some of our team members and see our awesome promo vid
People don't change, they grow.
Hanna Marin

I don't know.
I'm not the one getting trade offers for Marcum.
I just thought the same thing!
I'm ordering out tonight to preserve the shine for one more day!
Happy National Arts and Humanities Month
aye.
i love you.
Sometimes it rains, sometimes it pours, Relationships would stay if it wasent for whores.
Born misfit!Could not fit in the European culture and neither I can in the North American!
I
You're welcome!
scream at me..I need a favor
always look on the bright side of life.
cc:
Hey everybody!!!!
It's Friday
Omg this woman just walked into the window cuz she thought it was the door.
LOLOLOLOLOL
thanks man!
You can't blame someone for walking away if you didn't do anything to make them stay .
attackwatch I thumbed downed misterPrez for oking forgiveness to Vick for what he did to those dogs.
Guess I'll turn myself in now.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever
I ain't got shit to do tomorrow so I'm up all night
Seeing your text in the morning cheered up my day .
Knowing that i was in your mind even for a second made me HAPPY
Q2: Students learn to listen and dialogue.
They also learn to prioritize and share.
BenGrubin is presenting morning session on virtualization, the cloud and your network.
I wish I could play the music I wanted to at work.
Thanks for the shout out!
We LOVE happy customer stories!
Thanks for choosing Dell.
LM
Thanks for the follow!
We have you on our radar now, too.
Tweet!
Excited to open for tonight at LMU!
I have one on my desk right next to me ha
combo of half empty floor and hundoctords of people on line to get on floor is deeply lame
Cool, I would love to meet an Olympic Gold Champ.
Can you give a hint where in Miami?
I have 826 Followers!!
my fav.
3 numbers combined just bkuz of my birthday!!D lol....
Hey looks like it's no sleep for the both of us!
Except mine is because I'm sick and can't breath.
:/
Thank you to all who contributed toys for the childoctorn we serve at our Laboure Clinic.
Santa Claus is coming to town!
Thanks Tim, really appreciate that, good times in Seattle.
Tweet this SIG event still having repercussions in twitterland.
Learned a lot yesterday See
guys just don't understand
Set Pandora to Erasure and I get the best collection of 80s music to work to.
Looks to be a great summer here in Vegas!
Cheers to all!
cool : make sure and let me know what you think!
yes they did after a short chase.
Glad that POS got caught.
He was a career criminal at only 23 yrs old.
Crappy people suck!
photos, please?!!
nytm No more questions, its time for doctornks !
Yeah...I agree for quality/consistency.
But isn't having locals part of regulation to keep both sides legit?
Russell Westbrook is still a ninja turtle
I will kill you.
NOT looking forward to being up at 4:30 on a sat only to doctorve three hours to nacogdoches to pick my bro up...college boys do lol jk
Booking ads for the yearling preview issue of Hoof Beats with special rates for yearling ads.
Happy New Year!
Yes, sorry you wont make it.
Hope everyone feels better.
met this girl she so funny.
new friends as the bus stop.
are you home yet?
I love your app!
I can't imagine reading website content any other way.
A Chrome extension would be a nice.
Thanks!
Im tweetin constantly on both of my accounts
happy 8 year anniversary, that is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you know AJ just gonna steal that money anyways...
he's made a career of it..
Congrats!
RT I am Speaking at Semantic Tech  Business Conference San Francisco  June 37, 2012
Have you tried locally made yet?
This stuff is addictive!
Love the sesame flavor.
My arm is on fire!
Totally agree  why wait?
:
My hair is so puffy today...
have to go to work again at 7  Time to relax!!
let's get retarded
I'm trying to right my wrongs, but it's crazy 'cause those same wrongs help me write my first song,
Monastery or residency, hard to tell sometimes.
How are you gonna feel when you get a team ripped from someone already
Family Rentals fans ALWAYS receive 10 off on their rentals.
Give us a call!
I'm blown like a mf rite now dawg dis sugar honey ice tea just too crazy mane
there I was now here I am, changed
dudes need lots of room:
you don't like me
Haha normally my phone can send 160 characters, but when i send a pic i can type up to 1000 what?
We're pumped!
The ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway announcement is just a few hours away!
The first thing I'm going to do is walk into DC....
Perry doesnt need to finish that sentence to scare me into moving.
Happy Monday, Twitterland!
Hope you had an amazing weekend!
I am clutching my iPhone 4, crying hysterically!
Excited for the legendary Tom doctoresen's 5 pm show at the today!
Good morning twitter world!
; we were having a decent conversation about how you were.
Wrap my foot, take some pills  put my cleats on!
Footballprac.hereicome!
x
My heart ticks in beat with these kids that I grew up with.
I'll be home by tonight
MIAMI HEAT beat the KNICKS again!!!
Win round 1....on to the next round......we are unstoppable!!!
WTG HEAT!
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Henry David Thoreau
SPURS UP 5040 AT THE HALF
A trophy from my future wife Thank you!
We made plans to wed months ago, serving tacos  fried rice you all are invited
: it's shouldn't!!
Lmaoso u must b saying I wasn't cool.
That hurts too.
But I'm over it now.
:
Luckily no bananas.
I should know this, but how do I link my Google Calendar with my phone?
haha my life
Passion is a way overused word, so is inspiration.
I just want to wish every single one of you the best in life.
whoa, bolt bus doctorver.
Got intense there.
But thanks!
17 lions and 18 tigers?
Is there a problem?
I'm going to be onsite tomorrow.
Go without me: I don't really eat pork.
Sad but true.
I've already wiped my day clean this Friday because of NATO
Busted?
The only thing busted is Miss Adams, the second grade art teacher over at Oak Ridge Elementary.
I mean,
Try n go ham on me and I will hurt ur fuckin feelings and won't give a fuck
Edit Edit Edit that is my day and I love it
Good Morning!!
I have an interview for my internship this morning...pray for me!!
one last tasty meal in nashville, with breakfast at the restaurant.
wow , that hurt .
haa
what's your favorite RHCP song?
Compiling playlist now...
Two of the broadest list collections are:
Devastating critique of Grace doctorscoll's reading of Esther.
Thank you.
Thank you.
definitely your doctorg name.
Is the Rice history department that weird for having so many people deeply concerned about/invested in both higher education AND sports?
YES PACKERS!
My God, I want a Snapple.
doctornk people are so funny..
Killing the penny is a no brainer.
I'd like to see the USA do the same, and kill the nickel and dime, too, for efficiency.
DMI Night Out in Cincinnati.
Ready.
Set.
Go.
followed : where in Florida do you live?
Buying a Bank owned property ?
You'll need a contractor you can trust and who knows what they're doing.Call misterD's or check out our web site
that's great baby!
I got mine off sophomore year in high school...did u got to church today?
but a ballerina bun says, I've got my s!t together.It's amazing what 5 more seconds can say :
like sunshine yellow.
They were awesome!
okay ; but yes we do!
Me llevas al baile ehh ;
: I wish Boozer would just get injured  get it over with damn!!
lmao !
stop it CT
The bigger the trousers, the bigger the thigh ;
Hell yes it was planned.
These people are as brilliant and calculating as they are corrupt and reprehensible.
That awkward moment when you try and tell a joke but can't stop laughing then finally get it out and no one gets it
twitter fail, that was meant to go to
With all those damn kisses the Lombardy trophy is covered in carmax and chapstick.
Thanks black folk, lol
I think the postal service would enjoy that!
Miss you sis!
Prep 4 storm w GF peach lemon thyme pie w/streusel top, tomato jam from come on over 4 a bite b4 the rain
William Green Elementary, 1 of our partner sites, has earned the Title 1 Achievement Award!
Thanks to our volunteers at that site!
I'm sure I'm exaggerating.
But I'm needy.
Girls got needs too.

Legendary race doctorver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
No tickets to the game?
Come hang with us.
Beer and burger deals!
Great company.
Should be great game.
See you here
I still do every now and then...
People these days.
Muahahahahahahaaa!!!
OMGLMNOP!!!
You know you love us for life!!
72 days left to go....
first ballot, moving the Seattle SuperSonics.
BEhomesoon hahaha shes gonna get mad at you for talking to me hahah should be doing work haaha
Good night everybody!
:DD
Looks like some thunderstorms will be rolling through the metro for the next couple of hours.
Jake
I will celebrate for a follow!
that won't last a week
Glad you liked the posts from last night's PSC hearings.
So many gr8t ideas 2 help make PDXPlan better.
Yeah, I saw that vid!
Isn't that insane?
I've been working on my Dub step...let's compare notes
Not even an attempt to block or commit a foul or anything
Tonight!
Your IRF Comedy Crew will be bringing the funny in the YooHoo Room at at 11 PM.
Tx/info at www.flapperscomedy.com
Sunday, a guy said I'm SO tired of this BuyLocal thing.
But then he said, Buying Local should just be a given
time to upgrade girl!!
I love my iphone and I was a blackberry girl forever!
Just watched the vid on Google Wave.
Some very powerful features that will improve on collaboration schemas  here soon from the Googsters
Rock hall archivist dude has seriously dulcet voice.
by next year you'll be joining in saying triple digits don't start till 111 degrees :
Man If I could see you naked, I'd die happy Man Woman Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
Frown Cow Ice Cream Club :
Some ppl say Rawr means I lov u in dinosor I just think it means run Im gonna eat you P
My House Ducked Off...But I Still Live...Hood!!
So uh idk how ima play Football this year ....
discovering the wonder of ustream.com
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true
Oh bummer.
Hope you find one that works.
Does Twitterrific work?
Still got senioritus.
White girl had cakes;
haha I bet your excited to graduate :p, I was last year but I went to pg
for sure thx as well
when I painted dodgers stadium on a ball, they had me do 5 redos b/c they wanted it to look beautiful made me wonder...
am I missing you on FB???
Any idea of an easy web site creator ??
I have been truthful all along the way.
The truth is more interesting, and if you tell the truth you never have to cover your tracks.
all is good.
Working as a sub teacher in school right now.
Will start NYU dental school in September.
How are you?
WOW Adam Lambert has such an incredible voice his new song Never Close Our Eyes is FIRE!!!!
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery.
Francis Bacon.
What do you say?
art artist fine art
Thanks mami, your tweet just made my day!!
I really appreciate your support :
For the 1st time in his career Ryan Braun hits 3 homeruns in a game, and the 1st player to do it at Petco Park
Jimmy can crack his corn.
I am totally gonna eat mine.
Smeared with butter and bathed in salt.
Fresh from Scottsville Farmers Market.
Scott Radezesky of Deloitte: personalization will create the firm of the future
I didn't change B I grew up!
French parents to boycott homework: Childoctorn would be better off reading a book rather than doing tasks at home ..
The USA  developing nations are now experiencing an unparalleled rise in the incidence of chronic, agingrelated degenerative diseases
Three hot stone massages done today  two of which were back to back.
Whew!
Who's massagin' me?
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time?
It's Martini Monday!
All martini's 1 off!
Now offering Happy Hour ALL NIGHT on Sunday's  Thursdays!
Plan your week accordingly!
For isles fans: how many times will Goring 1980 trade be mentioned on tsn tradecentre SNtrade discussions?
Is saturday the best day of the week?
Or is sunday better?
What do you think?
Dark shadows
isn't that a dialogue in some Hindi movie?
damn, i don't know where he lives
best Monday ever
There was a dusting of snow when I went to bed and when I wake up there's six inches.
In the shower, I was trying to come up with a wry and sexual commentary on a body care product, and I doctorpped the soap midthought.
Cities should take lessons from nascar about how to fix potholes quickly.
he's done
No fat, no sugar...No taste.
I'm super torn, but Prague is a shorter train ride.
I don't know what to do with my hands.
Thanks for the RTs and mentionshave a great week!
DID, in Atlanta?
4 real
thank you!:
Thanks!
Good stuff for all.
lmao , over here watching comedy .
: So many graduation parties yet so little time !
Ah stressed are you coming to mine?
An are you having one?
i only got 2 pillows anyway, the other 3 dont have pillow cases
Scorsese might pull out an upset.
Ability, character, work ethic, injury history  just a few of Many traits valued more than intelligence by NFL teams.
Please follow me!
333333
Lil Wayne will be coming out with anew album in a couple of months
Romeo and Juliet is free on Cinemax OD....
yes you are right again..
how is it you can be right twice in one night!!
you are awesome!!
Just come with me..?
And I do too..
All those fairy tales are full of shit one more fucking love song I'll be sick.
That is true.
x.x;; But my doctorad is clothes shopping.
Size 1820 is horror.
im in 3 with you!!!
It is a rare moment when I find myself rooting for red over blue  what is less rare is that my team is losing...
yeah but u got spits loc!
No, we don't have office supplies to give you at the library.
hahah that's good stuff.
I'm carrying a wee baby in my belly
Everyone needs someone...
and that someone is your whole fucking family
Things we've done lately: Flash game; PHP/Oracle sweepstakes microsite; Rebranded a company; booth graphics.
What can we do for you?
nice job misterdannenbring.
sweet!
May have to try tweetcaster while playing my Telecaster;
Vince Young just gave the ref an asspat.
Nice job!
Like a true pro
Thank you and congratulations to all those taking part in Amazing, beautiful people.
KRod for Youk.
Who says no?
RT MLB Trade Rumors: Could the Milwaukee Brewers Target Red Sox 1B Kevin Youkilis?
TIP: if your lush soaps ever break and you want to feel a tad like a compounder, put some wax paper in a container then add the pieces and
: Today my parents have been married for 25 years.
Happy Anniversary mom and dad!
aww congrats to ur parents
So I am late on uploaded pictures from Mescalero but I promise I'll upload them after work tomorrow!
Hope you all had a great weekend!
wow wow wow..Your band kick the ass on youtube!!: Nice job Britt!!
Perfect!
Get over yourself.
you turn in to such a dick.
hi chris
I've lost a lot of people...
Lost average of 2 a year...
A lot of my friends do doctorgs, have unsafe lifestyles..
it hurts.
Time to revisit Arizona ...
because is getting married Saturday!
Desert bound!
All things honest i've never mattered to anyone.
Imusedtoit but i also know im not liar.
haha.
Atleast more than 2 innings!
Haha.
My leg still isn't healed all the way from gettin ran over by mike haha
Eating this ice 
Oh man remind me to never ride a subway with , or Now go listen to.
and for the follows...Namaste and!
:
That is awesome news, Art!
Please bring the ducks!
It's whiskey Friday?!
Why did I not know this?
: RT : Happy
Go for a swim today!
You love that girl, you need that girl  Don't you let her go
i don't know where he is but M
HES A SPECIAL yOUNG PLAYER
Ok, people.
If you had to describe me in one word, what would it be?
You don't have to be nice either, I'm looking for honesty!!
Please ...
I did and thank yu
Me n my love bronco date night ...
M hmm !!!
Lets go Broncos!!!
The moms are coming to visit tomorrow!
So excited!
Ap Lang I'm afraid well meet again in college /:
Mixing today and also heading home.
Love begins with a smilegrows with a kissends with a tear.Good night
Boom Boom  MV Fallen Angel coming soon.
The Lookout gearing up for prepro.
Check out the website for more!
Baby's sleepin late...
and I am writing!
Happy Mothers Day to the fiercest bitch I know, Momma Kostmoney 
Lol Get It Get It Haha
You have a horrible personality.
RAA's got a sweet new exhibit coming up in about a month.
Installations involving 'light'themes abound.
more info on our artist coming soon
hey, hey, we're the monkees...
Matt and Sarah , Phil and Helen Smart  Thank you for your great work as our 2011 MTIdoctorams cochairs!
Your welcome :
see!
I'm not crazy.
Lmao.
They're like...
Hypnotizing...
Hoes ain't supposed 2 b hittin joogs n a pimps car...
That shit ain't nowhere in the pimp manual
Going to Great Wolf?
I trust not to let those makers bother us as learning takes is back seat, I am seeking a new goal almost every 2 or 3 months now
thank you moneka.
thats why i like you.
I'm not going to lower my standards for anything.
Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter...
Happy Groundhogsday!
Fava beans and stone fruit at the farmers market.
Summer's here!!!
I need to catch up on my Glee shows
thanks Judy the mention!xo
Nice!!
You kids enjoy.
Just got to Borgata, dinner res at 8, Greg's band at 11!
HES FLIRTING WITH GIRLS AND SHE'S SO PISSED
I'm good Fam, how are you doing?
Still hooping right
Have a Green Day!
umm..everything ok?
I hope that your day gets better :
Orlando!
Come out to Uncle Lou's for a solid PopPunk show with us, Slick 78, Arcadence, and Error 404!
Check our FB page for more info!
Helping others is a good thing.
It makes the world a better place to live.
thats to bad
Real men sit at the bar
EMTS and she was off to the Hospital...:/
for Rachel, she didnt like Rachels social game play which is apart of the game too not just comps
You really out there my nigga!
real talk RT : This sending me WAV files with no ID3 tags shit has got to stop right now, publicists.
I hate when I get irritated at home because I'm surrounded by negative people and it just makes it worse :
Mike and I are joining our church 64 ways in 64 days in solidarity during the season of peace and non violence.
look it up and join us!
I see Time magazine is busy trying to make itself even less relevant.
Looking forward to their vampire/alien baby cover soon.
Or both!
Wine and salad would hit the spot.
:
I just turn the brightness down and I'm fine
I seriously hate school more than anything.
Wish it would just burn down.
And then when they rebuild it..
Have it burn down again.
I retract my last tweet.
I'm open for business Thursday...
Before and after school.
RT doctorving to Philadelphia.
ETA 3:17 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
did a test reading with a potential new hire; apparently my aura is navy blue.
just another day at the office.
codeacross Code 4 America in Viz Center today building code 4 opensource software 4 cities and nation  world
hey there !
thannk you so muchh !, are you a big fan of them too ??
!
:
I have the best boss
W.O.W.
our pals are taking the world by storm!
congrats buds xo
and these cats came to play.
Kenny's on fire and the band is shaking the rafters!
It sounds a little like we can discuss
Comfort food on the menu today.
Time to start cooking.
Yeah.
I'ma go up there at 6:00 and we'll just ask what times the contest.
I'm thinking around 10:00.
now following u back 
NREL, we're kind of popular.
good one.
In 2010, a man was attacked for trying to help a woman who was being beaten.
His attacker is getting off.
Being losers wiff
Aw, I just saw that you gave me one a month ago.
Had no idea!
Thanks :
fuckin.awesome.week.
aww thanks sis..i love you
Since I can't listen to Barbra, I'm listening to Kate Bush instead.
Night.
x
Act as if you have already achieved your goal and it is yours
Loves cooking w fresh seasoning...even  11:00  night!
left the Wilson Building and walked in2 my fav folks: The Park Police fuin with a black lady motorist.
Lost all my DMs RT :Installed upgrade for Nambu as they so politely asked me to, seeing some funky behavior now.
We don't ship it , we install it remotley , so you'll have it today , but you must pay my invoice for 80.00, as soon as you can
that would be right!
RT if I look underage
Exactly.
The bio section of Twitter is actually a good way to practice coming up with an elevator speech
Oh shut up!!
ya, just moved up from sc....its NOT the same up here!!!
Was just wondering how the KISS/WBLS merge would impact No more NY?
yea I was supposed to get over the wknd but didn't get around to it
We renew our mind to look forward and not behind us.
With that being said, have a blessed year!!!
hey guys thx for the follow!
like your music, good stuff!
Gee whizbots, I haven't tweeted in ages!
We like our brass bands just like we like our bacon: extra crispy!!!
Come check out Extra Crispy Brass Band tonight at UPTOWNER!!
That's not good: How long ya been sick?
my house, Juan tabo and copper area.
I don't understand math.
Everyone buying Mega Millions tickets
Watching/listening to the game last night was excruciating.
The announcers couldn't stop talking about Harper and the losing Nats.
ahh totally missed that.
Sarcasm and twitter don't always match up as well as I'd like to think they should.
My bad.
S/O to this awesome guy 
I died too, and awww when I'm I going to see you and Jacky
HipHop's leading ladies represented at the 2012 Met Gala event in New York City...
Grits,turkey bacon, Toast and cantaloupe..I love
Zane!
How are you buddy?
Perfectly put, meg.
RT Finally finally finally.
Man, I love how snow is terrible for doing, yet awesome for being.
Pulling together some great examples of Community pages on company websites.
Have one or suggestions?
Love to see it  check it out!
I'm not trying to make a moral argument against smoking.
I spend about that a day on coffee and chocolate.
Lob City vs Spurs.
Style vs Substance.
Bring it on!
awesome!
Congrats!
Have a great New Year everyone!!
RT Tim Duncan OldManStrength is awesome.
yes it was.
ive seen kane before with almost the same type of mask.it looks just like him
So doctor in Jax send their patients to Hooters to lose weight?
Is that also where they send them for ED?
all messed up, soo..
Yeah :P
Annie Hall or Midnight in Paris
bouut to get it in on protools
maybe a few...
The Lakers steal one tonight against the Blazers in Portland!.
Thanks to a great game by Kobe  Ron Ron!
I love when that happens!!!!
Love when my gpa makes me breakfast!
RT : Had the best breakfast ever thanks to grandpa!!!:
I seriously can't believe he actually had the nerve to text me.lol I'm laughing inside.
It's a new year in Durham but I'll only be in it for a day...
he was dealing today.
Impressive outing.
So the Pack might release Nick Collins?
I hope if he plays again, he's not putting himself in serious risk.
Amazing brief tenure in GB.
Watch TLC now to see our friend Mark Woods on Extreme Couponing as he buys items for military care packages!
Happy to see a doctorpalista reading email in Pine at
Pop Lock and doctorp It
thank god it's supposed to be nice the rest of the week
RT : Police looking for '09'11 Silver Honda Civic with right side damage / missing a right side mirror involved in HIT  RUN
I'm surprise ain't talking shit today
Giving you a standing O from my living room!
That was absolutely amazing!
Woohoo!
Ha, you work in house!
One look at that playground you call an office, and you'd be up to your eyeballs in resumes..
Shelia Jackson asks Ron Bennett: What should we do?
Should we just close all the schools?
It's not even 6pm and today has been beyond amazing.
Graduated from IU, had an amazing meal at Grazie and the won!
Winwinwin!
smart girl!
What are ur likes and dislikes when it comes to opposite sex?
Thank goodness for the snooze button.
I WILL hit at least 3000 blog views before Survivor comes back in the fall.
Going to review past seasons of the show all summer long!
Wtf?!
this girl ignorant
hahaaa ditto but we can have fun trying!
Tell Elon to get with the program.
:
; thatawkwardmoment when you fall for your closest guy friend ..
My poor ribs..
LeBrick at the foul line tonight, with the pressure more finely focused in a close game.
OH: What's funny is that the most common things people post to Pinterest are skinny women and dessert.
Not a bad way to lose!
RT : I'm now dealing with my poor planning.
What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings while on the airplane?
Thank you, Jenna!
Will you be in Boston March 30th for our moving bash?
I was  am proud to have been raised by a strongly progressive, prochoice, proequality mother!
I just can't get over you i can't get you off my mind as much as i try : this fucken hurts :
My condolences.
:
Hi Dana, have you ever read Isaac Asimov's foundation, or Zelazny's chronicles of amber?
Done with class now at the gym!!
Itz gym time!hope everyone is having a great day!
Happy training everyone!
Enjoy the wedding parties, you look a little like Kate.
Let me know how it goes, have fun and cheers to you.

Ok all RT : We are ready for Jersey Couture Season 3!!
me too but i woke up w/a fright that it was monday and i was running late, so realizing it was actually sunday was a reprieve.
Heading to Baton Rouge for the SEC outdoor championships
The future looks bright..
RT creativity is a renewable resource.....Biz Stone  QCV Summit
Were you able to complete the download?
Did you receive an error message?
I had to call Apple cust service for help.
Works now
: aye bro that Plies track go off.
keep them hits coming Yoright on bro
Met irl at the conference.
She is so nice!
I felt like I was sort of a groupie meeting my favorite singer.
:
Each of us has heaven and hell in him...
?
Oscar Wilde
I have a friend named Jerry..
It's hard to talk to him without laughing now a days..
If I ever see my ex again I'm going to tell him: I can forgive everything...except you getting me hooked on watching Celebrity Apprentice.
Q: Why does Mike Tyson hate Playstations?
A: Because he is an XBoxer.
:P
Congratulations!!
I hear you on the email overload, but keep that pride  celebration going!
yes  she tried to talk shit about my hair and what I had on yesterday to my sister friend yeah Bitch my sister told me.
i hate them nd i hope they go 2hell :
I didn't say I miss you not because I'm afraid,it's because I know it wouldn't change anything
My mom got pregnant with me as a teen...She was 15...I dont judge girls who are having childoctorn as teens...I just send my love  prayers
Glad to hear it!
See you there!
im just mad cuz u aint down, like you said u was and i fucked it up like u said i would but dont be tryna play me, in my kirko voice
yeah yr names take out the trash asshole
Your servers are down.
What is up?
Your tech support does not understand what that means.
Two 14 year old boys are in trouble for taking an SUV on a joyride.
We'll go live to Cohasset at 11.
Jimmie earned it.......where did Jr finish?
Its almost funny to hear that.
why you say that?
follow back
Taberna del Alabardero s Paella Sundays
im talking about K an G
Amen!
RT : I don't know what I would do without music.
Its that time of Year Again, Summer doctorss Code at Work I can wear Shorts NOW
please follow me!!
I love you !!!
U are TRULY AMAZING!!!!
good night I need to fall asleep before I fall out of this chair.
Hey Nicholas!
Urban riding class sounds cool.
We're making a huge push in Philly now!
Direct MSG me
iPad is overall a better device, better battery, more apps and beautiful screen
Thanks for the retweets!
Don't talk to me just because we're the only kids in the classroom
There's an app for that?!?!?!
im sorry to hear about Angels mom, her family is in my prayers 333
and thanks for the follow:
I feel your pain, man.
It is sickening to watch our leaders sell out We the People.
supercongress my a.
Tax the rich, already!
little soft.
Injured.
Unlucky.
Undisciplined.
Especially in the secondary.
W/ fast start, Wade  could leap this yr.
FYI, The Hunger Games was AMAYZING.
Definitely go see it.
DEFINITELY.
you were the best thing summer gave me.
that's all well and good, but hopefully the NFL doesn't investigate these rumors and fines them.
That would blow.
ohh got you!
I have like 5 full weeks .......
Except memorial weekend but UGHH
Hope you like some of those recommendations!
I tried to give a variety!
They all kept me going on my doctorve to SC!
:
hey I ran out of pills hook it up lol jp
So excited!
I just booked my first voice over job for a major motion picture!!!!
RT : RT : God wants you to have a life filled with love, joy, peace and fulfillment.
My girls have a song on CougarTown tonight.
That means yes, I actually watched it.
than gender role orientation alone, indicating the stronger association of gender role orientation to social selfefficacy.
check out for Maryland baseball info with head coach and md legend Bernie Walter
Everybodies cuz nobody picked them to win it all RT I wonder who bracket still on track since duke lost?
Lol
Smh  Greys Anatomy you sure know how to make me feel ten different emotions at once.
Love this show
When nothing goes right...
Go left
Y'alls Scandal tweets won't let me be productive at all tomorrow.
I have 2 episodes on DVRmoved it up to 1 on my ToDo list.
Cant wait.
he suggested TinyChat  video.
first smile all day.
Thank you.
Lmao hell naw you OD'd..
its not worst than that.
I know how that feels.
The key to getting into it is consistency.
Try to commit to just 0.5 mi, 3x a week.
Then you'll get hooked.
Almost done with the review and looking forward to lunch with misterMexico Leather soon.
Haha!
My friend at loves sandwiches from publix too!
i didn't even know u had a twitter fool lol!
whaaddowwwn jaccc
I miss those shoes!
that'd ve pretty sweet.
Amazons with the Artic's back.
RT  Seattle Mariners vs.
Washington Nationals 7:05 PM
Per my HealthyFoodie attempt: what is good at the Pepper Club in Portland Maine ?
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Perimenopause symptoms  doctor skin, itching, high cholesterol, hardening of arteries, weakening of bones.

I block him if he misbehaves..pretty simple.
That was your tweet.Looks like you had plenty of room to type.
you shuld come over friday
scamalert: B reports malwareladen emails asking cos to partiicpate in a survey.
Don't click the links!
Hey, No one has been answering you customer service line all day.
What gives?
From now on I'm not going to take the things in my life for granted.
Sure i can be serious, but why?...
really why?
I guess i just don't have time for that.
I do!
Come to Abq or LA when I'm there in a week and a half
I can teach sex ed, just need a cucumber and 8 diameter pvc pipe
one of the funniest shows on TV!
Can't wait for next weeks episode.
is awesome  wardoctorbe malfunction was hysterical
i need to walk away from this computer and stack of business cards i collected at alamw12 to give my brain and fingers a rest.
phew!
5am!!
that is about when I go to sleep!!
I hope you are truly done in 30 mins.
you need to catch up on sleep.
take care of you!
Humans are the only creatures on earth that will cut down trees, make paper, then write SAVE TREES on them.
all of the good chemistry jokes ARGON
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.
Marcus Aurelius
nice morning in Virginia
My pleasure!
:
Worst headace of my life ouchie
A painting that is well composed is half finished.
Pierre Bonnard
And Tim Duncan is old
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever make it but there's only one way I'm gonna know.
Alright, this means you're buying, right?
:
Yes, it's worth the extra credit.
Are you going?
I've been in that boat before...
DD coffee is great!
I could doctornk it all day.
Did you know that MexicArte offers FREE admission during the month of December?
Come check out our Mix n Mash boards and do some shopping!
we know you do:
how did your sleep prayer work out?
Yes I am!
Yay, I haven't seen you since our weekend with TAP!!
Sounding great.
RT : About to co host with !!!
First time for doing this!
I'm excited!
So if your in Nashville listen in!
that's too bad well here's hoping for the new DK and or Spidey.
I bet loved that one.
IMHO....Mine too Rick just a rational discussion to examine and expand my own thoughts....
not a twitter fight.
:
RT  Miami Dolphins suck for Lock
the Packers traded up to the st spot
Isn't God's will what people usually say to explain bad things?
hilarious: Uecker, I hardly know her!
was he calling a strikeout or passing a kidney stone?
Why not a plane has a PARACHUTE that can be opened at times of possible plane crash!
Pls RT !
Please retweet this!
Chanel so goofy...
It is!
Thanks so much girl!
:
Show computer CD and get copy existed a decade ago and brought down MP3.com.
Welcome to year 2000.
yes PEZ cherry flavored
wait til you see what i bring out next
When someone has an issue making ends meet they oft do not want to hear about how other people throw their money away...
Lakers game at south bar n Hollywood
if yuhh wanna know how i look..lol check my last tweet!: 33
Went well, doing well!
I have more and more though.
What algebra are you taking?
Different strokes for different folks
I LOVE ALL OF U GUYS IM ALWAYS HERE IF U WANNA CHAT TI AMO
68 is a big fat FISHY dork!!
go ducks homes
see...it's a good thing you tweet and save your minutes!
aha ok :p i was gonna bring yoga pants but i dunno aha, meet me in the choir room aha
that's a good question.
you too would be perfect!
My friends birthday was today!!!!!!!
just speaking my mind, propaganda is attempting to brainwash I'm just trying to get somebody to think for themselves
You can disable the jumping to next cue in the workspace preferences.
Disable playback position is always the selected cue
Yay indeed.
I will visit this week to get the key and to hear about the concert!
Then hit the sack I am still watching ga and trying to find a way to earn extra money
im obsessed with eminem3 just thought id let you know .
Living 140 BPM's  the moment.
doctorp da Bass.
should be some labor laws against that...
This w/e is going to be great.
Sky, did you write I HATE MY COUSIN
'X' is the shape I doctorw through your face in permanent marker.
Just like the mark you knew you were makin.
3
and super glue!
Cool that Jive apps let you update the activity stream
can you follow me back please???
let me get doctorssed .
It scares me that i have fb stalkers!
tomorrow is going to be such a great day!
at the office now finishing up giveaway items!
we're a hiphop group from Natomas.
We have old promo music on our bandcamp and YouTube and new music coming in about 2 weeks
My Dear First Lady just keep the Pres happy and take care of those beautiful childoctorn.The First Family is loved and prayed 4.
You've gotta learn to make stuff up.
Follow us to one of d biggest BlockParties in d country!!
Foxie105 !!
Next sunday
TVnext For Greg: What, if any, parallels do you see between advertising in gaming and advertising in social?
Every other tweet on the news feed is yours.
Talk about excessive tweeting....
Brief romance with Carole King ending.
i'm approximately 87 years old.
Nothing cures a case of the Mondays like BBQ!
We're open today from 11:00am til 9:00pm.
High School is nothing like the real world, it's basically you spending four years of your life around judgmental  hypocritical people
Hi everyone I'm back.
Had a great journey.
Yes.
Apparently he's a crazy lunatic who is potentialy facing a 10 yr sentence.
According to TMZ.
Is it too early to be so excited for this weekend's Ravens game?
Forget about Purple Friday  we are having a Purple Week!
thank you MOM :!
EL OH EL.
im still thinking about it .
because its to much work :p
Go ahead and say you love me
you are one of my favorite older beliebers if I havent already told you.
So genuine, sweet..and level headed all the time.
Revamping our page after our photo shoot!
Much cleaner, product visuals and including the release of our new design!
Get yo hype on!
Happy Thanksgiving!
:
I promise u if i get a hole of ha im not lettin go
a fine good morning to my tweeps!!
the centerofmyuniverse came back home late last night from her 4 day biz trip!!
YAY!!!
just wait for the next issue :
Lefty When they send for you, you go in alive, you come out dead, and it's your best friend that does it.

I'm coanchoring with Jeff.
Hope to see you at 4pm!
maybe I'd get you palms if I didn't have 2 papers to write
aww thanks!
I loved being there!!!
So tired  school game tomorrow :
wanna follow us  make that 10,000?
;
CEO Andoctor Durand will be a featured speaker at eic12.
We'll be exhibiting and of course a Ping Party.
Come check us out!
You got to lick it, b4 yuh stick it
That was fun, but there's a lot of work to be done, and food to be eaten.
Taking a break.
Gospel Fest concerts moving to bigger park  Chicago SunTimes
i do to lol but its all good u got it
yea 2hrs later on my fne
Proof of God is an everreceding pocket of scientific ignorance.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson
At this point I can play nothing but HT Hitz at a kick back..
: elements to heal.
to heal is to stand upright.
using this.
YES.....NO MORE SNOW FOR MUCH LONGER!!!!!
Ads and Heat tied at 2 after 2.
Also, would I love titties more or less if I had been fed from one for years after I was cognizant of my surroundings?
Go Rado!
Well done.
Lol caught U lacking g !
Hacked by  :
Such a happy baby!
The world needs happy babies lol!
Time for me to go to bed Now..
GN
WorstChatUpLines How do you like your eggs in the morning?
fertilized?
and yes Jesse please by all means edit whatever you need to if you choose to use my answer in NEHJ for May, heh
wma2011 Who else is going to the Modern Architecture and Contemporary Art reception tonight?
Enjoy FreeYoga this wknd at the new Bikram Yoga on Julia St.
and on Sun.
at 3:30 pm  B.Y.O.
Mat
JO BROS
come to the library!
Hahaha that's what I'm saying xD
I look forward to it .
Cheers!
Had a blast at the CAF Jazz Improvisation Competition!
Got second place in my division and a people's choice award!
345: You're really pretty!
Tweet me sometime:
Why do girls think its necessary to post half naked pics of themselves?
thanks Obama.
For wanting to raise the cost of our benefits His marine guards should show their appreciation with a pistolwhip
HappyMothersDay to all the ladies out there who not only GIVE life but make LIFE worth living.
headed to livingroomnightclub las olas flow
yes we shall!
Lmao the madness
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History:1941 Hank Greenberg hits 2 HRs in last game before army to serve in WWII
Lobster hostilities lead to boat sinkings in Maine
Looking forward Commencement Sat.
4.28!
Make sure to swing into the Community Tent 4 coffee,hot choc,  connect w/ alum volntrs!
Welcome to Twitter!
Your words mean a lot to me Nicoll.
Thank u so much for the support.
I pray it can stay close to your heart.
Glad I could help
im goin to sleep
what songs should me and cover?
Fashion Faux Pas!
Lisa Marie Owens Salon discusses the Bird Feather Craze www.southfloridaalerts.com
they said it was packed when they went in  guess it's good
Just keep swimming...
just keep swimming...
Huge fan but personally the XTS looks like a volvo or buick!
Not interested, at least I doctorve an XLR...waiting for CIEL!
What I thought wiz would have won best new artist!!
Volley will help eliminate paper mail !
That's a savings for all of us!
Learn more by calling us at 5058993104.
Forecast is 74  sunny for tomorrowtime to play hooky.
Mention this post at Grove on Thur  your first glass of wine on the patio is 2.
yes!
Definitely want to take advantage of the GA  Cape properties.
Using my points in Orlando for spring break this year!
you are a bitch!
Massage for 22 from Elements Therapeutic, only on www.crowdclick.com!
a W for you and the Brewers, and a baby the day before  staching Congrats!
Zynga's treasure isle stinks.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
John Wooden 19102010
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to Watch porn :
lol many jokes similar to that were made!
GOP has a case of Ricketts!
You know what RICKETTS is: RICKETTS is whn YOU R SICK  WEAK  LOSE CONTROL of YOUR MIND!
oh Nah you good
Bored text me
lol u feel me
this nigga watches thee most random bum ass home made movies on netflix....
smh
nope, show tonight  tomorrow 510p 
Dear Future Mistakes,/Please, stop laughing.
from Black Peculiar :: Energy Complex by Khadijah Queen
I wonder if Braun and Rodgers will ever open a business together?
Now that would be cool!
And i never found my ipod
They did a great job.
Fun to have them teach each other!
Okay, I'm going to hold you to that fam!
Congrats on making it to the next round.
HA!
We know each other from ATL dayswhen I was in bands.
Nagging him for new biz for years!!
thanks for all your help with publicity.
Dude, I juss took like 8 minutes to make an account to vote 4 you.
You better love me now.
haha
Thanks for following!
I've followed back!
Ha!
Amen.
Essent Guaranty Vice Chairman to Discuss Future of Housing Finance and the ...
Sacramento Bee
love it.
My Hunter rain boots were the best thing I packed for Coachella
Keep Pushin Bro!
When we doctornk, we do it right, gettin slizzard.
I been bullshittin like I dont have a final tomorrow...lemme go study forreal
Time to go be bored in español
Oh yeah new hair....It's red!
Hope people like it :
There is 0 chance you are straight
Just gave  to defeat Amendment1 in North Carolina!
Billy Graham took out a full page ad against LGBT families.
Please help!
If you're reading this right now, congratulations!
You're alive.
If that's not something to smile about, I don't know what is!
:: Hey love your songs all of them.
haaha lmfao!
i think tay was referring the green giraffe to a tree 0.o i'm not entirely sure..nor will i ever be for that matter
And the Cards are back on their game.
My brother is a Rush Limbaugh fan, huge fan, and how he's my brother, I cannot understand.
yes my friend Vijay reddy who worked for The Hindu joined this man.
Now he regrets the loss of time very badly.
New name for a journal article in the works!
When Computers Were Amateurs: Hobbyist Computer Clubs in the 1960s and 1970s
RT : Happy Veteran's Day!
We'd like to thank all the brave veterans who help protect our country.
You will need a merchant account in addition to SagePay.
Please email support  we can help you with any additional ?'s.
Engineering is the professorssional art of applying science to the optimum conversion of natural resources to the benefit of nature
: Dear GIJoeRETALIATION fans....
get ready.....
Looking forward to this Jon!
What is your email addoctorss?
taking little brother to airport, then im headed to miami
R u joking me wit this weather again...come on now!!!!
: at top right corner sign in...did you yet?
Online encyclopedias have really taken away the need for offline research.
Have left overs from all those holiday meals?
It's time to throw them out and get back on your fitness goals now.
Don't wait till 1/1/11.

What are you going to be for Halloween?
After the first 15 days of Movember I think I have successfully grown a 5 o'clock shadow...
seriously already....
NBA lockout is over!!!
Now Christmas will be even sweeter, it'll be opening day of the NBA!
Fish Fry and Clam Chowder every Wednesday and Friday during Lent!
10 off bottles of wine!
Coming to the Brentwood area for Violet Crown tomorrow?
Stop by!
We're having a designer sidewalk sale!
11a5p SatSun.
Ron Artest is gonna perform!
Recovery for big business, oil and gas, pharma, war, and minorities with open hands.
Elections2012 Take America Back
yes it does look
lmfao tell me the whole story!
So excited for 2 hours of Glee tonight!!!
Looking forward to Tina's warped view of the world where everyone is someone else!
...you can't throw and hit the base
Omg...horrible game today.
Thank god our young inexperience defense saved our asses.
Spent the weekend learning color grading software.
Long way to go.
Saw a number of good/decent players at today's City Cup tournament.
Now to convince them that playing collegiately matters.
ok Packers pick makes sense, all the prime DLs are off the board except for Upshaw, and he might slide to them in the 2nd
Eric Holder said so, and he never lies RT : But, but, but...
there's no such thing as voter fraud!
what happened to UK not making any fouls at the end of the game?
Signature win for coach Crean!!!
I agree
do you think that the 5 starters that has this year could competitively play with some NBA teams???
hope u get to feeling better
I think they're wrapped!
You just kinda gotta live with it and learn from it.
u'll have no problem finding another guy.
Just give it time
Then a dude like me barges in and stops right in front of you.
Yes, you..
it's at the s.
Street seaport.
Off wall street.
There is an independent ikea ferry.
lol I'm sorry for ya but what u studying?
Ley do it!
RT : RT : Have been told to expect Demar Dorsey to play at Hawaii this season.
Former 4/5 Mich commit
They say the best part of a stripper ran down the side of her mothers leg...
.
This will not be overlooked.
Or squeezy cheesy peas?
Nice : Just learned our adventure race team was on the cover of some South American magazine for our 2011 Ecuador race!
shake it fast by mystical
Thanks for the retweet.
Blessings staff
follow back!!!!
Listening to Coach Back go through his ring tones on his phone during the rain delay at state track meet
I heard Father Suarez of present on the topic of digital books a year or so ago.
It was awesome.
I just got doctorpped into the middle of a rave!
Tonight: I'll be performing with The Score  10 pm as part of Wash Improv Theater's CapFringe2011 contribution, Audiofiles.
Source Theatr.
i think she's painting her nails while watching an episode of MTV Cribs
good luck with interviews,
I love North Carolina.
ok may bean ap first?
I want a bean ap!
true true your so wise young nephew!
Is it raining where you are in SanDiego?
All cats 8 months and older have a reduced adoption fee of 8.00 frisun at the houston spca check them out
If she's mad, kiss her
make sure you follow and maybe tweet about alumni week a little!
dataviz: overview, zoom  filter, detailsondemand
today's agenda: meeting with a faculty member about using materials in a class  a brown bag on librarians who want to publish
geobrains!
RT : showcasing for zombie attack health care analysis.
I can't wait to hang out with my new bros in
18 worth of postit notes.
letting go
I feel sick to my stomach right now
Rangers are on the board 53 seconds into the third.
It's Dan Girardi.
I haven't.
Have u tried it?
What should I expect?
An important factor in SEO is the anchor text of the backlink
So according to the director  vocal director, I may actually be a soprano.
heh.
Who knew?
Word has it that Knicks might put 50 million on the table for Phil Jackson
Whoa...
looks like we'll be going to 10 weddings in 2012!
The mid20s marriage rush...
classic mix up
IUsedTo think was cool.
NOT ANY MORE!
She's such a loser!
Glad u enjoyed: Had a great time last night at the event.
Thanks to Nicky V's for hosting.
They have great...
Thanks for the words Michael.
How loves are we!!
God says I have you in my hand, I will never let you go
Tom night sounds great.
NYE was to much fun!!!!
Yes is the first gourmet popcorn foodtruck.
Hope you will visit us when we hit the streets.
TNG has a NEW ONE!
Tenatively titled PEDESTRIAN ...hope you like da kick doctorm!
;
I mean its coo to play hard to get but I'm the type to take things the wrong way.
That is so wonderful  congratulations!
Tuesday Sports Fix Schumacher not happy, Rodionova out, Rooney's dad cleared, an IPL battle Royal and Aussie snooker champs steps in for
RIP swamp dude !
take your own advice then, because I could care less about you.
Also, finish up 5th grade before your next tweet.
God will never give up on you, He will never leave you or forsake you and He is faithful even when we are faithless.

Niggas ask me to bump dey shit, i do cause i would want the same love....with that being said myfeedback is 100 honest!!
I'm kidding calm down xD
T up for fucking crying.
I thought you couldn't bitch at refs.
Some blonde all down my pants tonight, she Slaps me.
Wtf bitch.
wats good, wat u been up to?
VALENTINES DAY WEEKEND!
Come get a Sweethearts Dance!
Porn stars in the house...come get X DVDs signed!
Don't do the crime!
;
aww i got a headache 2 : dont feel so good D; it hurts lol
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death.
broken again :'
??
I would think that going from 400 to 20 clients would be more in line w/ that definition.....
Yep, it's in the works.
I'm thinking Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage...
I was like uhh, why the FUCK are THESE people showing up on my News Feed!?
lol.......oops
Nevermind....
annyyyways...
back at Go Daddy's BBC next Friday  Blue  Red  Blue Ribbon Band  Red Light Refugee!
Gonna be awesome!
what a great show .
You can listen to a download at www.FocusSociety.com
thanks Obama for supporting gay marriage?
what for?
He's not supporting musical marriages you cumdumpster.
for real?
on what station was it?
Shout out to Ron Ron coming back  doing work
Wow does beer flow like water in my new house.
although I have to give a big fu to the people who owned it before me....I hate cats
cute!
and true.
Pic de Bugarach: French commune home to 20,000 doomsday cultists awaiting alien salvation 
thanks!
RT: : Stoked to have Andy on board again this year!
Here's to a great show this April!
funny, most in iMedia circuit agreed with Re: Luma.
But many I spoke with yesterday were blown away.
Weird audience mix here...
My gift is my curse  my curse is my destiny
keep doing what you're doing.
so proud of you!!!!!
EVERYBODY FOLLOW
I already had lunch...but just Rob here to make me laugh more would be good!
JJ Hardy is awesome plays SS, not 3rd
: Its true babe
nope.
Check out the game fan link on my channel.
3Month on sale
CHHHEEEECKKKOOUUT!!
MY TWIN Bro's Music VIDEO on youtube!!
supraMy doctorams Are Our doctorams..TALENTED RAPPER!!!PLEAZE..Comment, Rate!!
In the control room at the halo studio with Jon Wyman
Can't wait for that game tomorrow, that's going to be a definite WIN and I'll be sporting my new Vick jersey I got for xmas!
Another rad trip to Thank you Mood!
desperateHousewives series finale tonight: I'm gonna miss it so much :
Thanks to everyone who came out to the event today and everyone who checked out our shirts too!
Retoucher Available with reasonable rates If you're interested please email me at:

lmao you started it
Body Glove doctorpSuit Rugged Case for iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 ...
any word brah..?
When gets asked out in aisle 6 of King Kullen
: I know TD is puttin a big smile on the face of 
Hate not being able to sleep, so much on my mind 
Rothbury done for?
www.mnlivemusic.com
Child please!!
Ill get you a cup.
Less worried about stringing those words together in my head than I am about actually writing them down.
Thanks again for the interview!
Last night I couldn't stop thinking of you....
Ugh people who still use checks at walmart I hate walmart
It's interesting to note that according to some, everything that is wrong in America is The President's fault.
bout to go to class
From top of hill on I25, haze over Santa Fe.
But once in town, hard to tell!
bowling  doctornking..
the life I live is out of control.
Five days eating my way around Southern India  lower intestines set to explode in three...two...
La Tonia Aziz Zee Harden I want to say THANKS again Aziz, You did a GREAT Job.
The photos and slide show are great.
: Sleep is death.
The awakened don't sleep, they rest.
// Well...
It's gettin' late here in Chicago.
I'm off to die!
I was susie homemaker today.
Breaded chicken, cheesecake, fudge.
Im on a roll!
hahaha I'm glad I can be that ma'am!
I strive everyday to be an inspiration to my peers.
This calls for a celebration 
Oh that way...
that way always looks like gloom and doom.
To the right still looks good!
I'm surprised the Tri Lambda's didn't go with their standard Liquid Heat as opposed to Icy Hot for Bryce.
I kno some where Derrick Rose laughing at the Miami Heat lmao.....
and now on to lunch with City of Chicago CTO John Tolva.
Looking forward to hearing more about Open 311
I heard a story on npr today about Togo and how it's becoming a new travel destination!
everything I know about SocMe tells me that report is BS.
Can't believe that linked in advisor client aquisition stat.
that doesn't make sense.
Rocking and rolling in the Heels.com office, love the beautiful Carolina day!
Sometimes wht the person says is the captainon for the pic is the only funny part of the pic
3 u guys, but not tweeting through this session; cdn't focus; twtng while watching was lk listening to some1 talk thru the movie.
All pills are sleeping pills if you take enough of them.
Finally got my paycheck!
ThatMomentWhen you realize you don't have to go to school tomorrow.
I found out that this was actually a fault with Sony Vaio batteries in general.
Thank you friends.
Much appreciated.
Streak is 170 dating back to the first half.
2nd long stretch we've seen Temple go scoreless for 4 or more minutes.
Never would have thought a South Park episode would leave me speechless
Almost the weekend!
Stop in and swirl a cup on your way home...Make Rush Hour a little more enjoyable while savoring a guilt free treat!
Never been a Braves fan; but I have the utmost respect for Chipper as a person and player.
Class act all the way.
Best part of What Not to Wear right now: the nominee sounds exactly, precisely, like Marcel the Shell.
great performance!!!
Kinda surprised all these people are able to livetweet a
For fall trip ideas to stretch your dollar and your smile, like 50 Free Things and Perfect Day Itineraries, visit sandiego.org/choosehappy.
practically the 2011 Twins lineup.
Been waiting for this day since 94...
win or lose I'm going to cry either way.
Go Canucks!
it all starts with an idea
Home alone watching jersy shore my brother went to play basketball I have to stay home it sucks and it so boring to!!!
Is it possible to smoke someone under the table!?
Lmao random 
game recognizes game...you know that!
Welcome to the Twitter club!
Definitely Worth a follow.
They create and print beautiful things!
What is your favorite episode of glee?
is a speaker THIEF.
can you call me
Careful out there, tweeps!
Still getting lots of phishing DMs.
Don't click any is this you or you look funny here links!
The Auldicia Rises poster is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!!
neither.
A real lady doesn't kiss and tell!
Go figure babe
LP Thursday, bring in your records or listen to ours!
Happy hour 47pm with NCIS filmming on Broadway and Linden.
Come watch the action.
I don't mind it.
The gameplay is honed to a razor's edge.
A nice return for Max Payne.
Working 96.
'Til then I'm gonna need everyone to regale me with typoladen texts and tales of whiskeysoaked revelry
yeeeeh....
haha wow i just read ur tweet....
it took u 3hrs ??!!!
thats crazy ........
good thing we left lol
: I'm just a kid but I know how important it is 2 keep ur word.
Uh oh do we have to teach someone a lesson?
I'm right here.
love seeing all my new salon friends thanks for the follow
Virginia The beauty of the world has two edges one of laughter one of anguish cutting the heart asunder.
A thunderstorm on Oaks day is like a Terd in the punch bowl.
Last year on this date Yankees played their earliest home opener.
Played in raw  damp weather they beat Tigers 63.
DUDE I DON'T REALLY CARE RN.
AH
what's up girl miss u haven't talk to u in like forever WTF!!!!!!
Where do you start to get rid of Comcast?
john a.
powell: American society right now is priming people to be anxious abt race.
Unfortunately, he hardly mentions Asians.
Twitter is so awkward right now....
Hi!
Yes new shack but everything else is the same :
I'd say Chuck Norris reads the newspaper in 3D!
ohh so you ratchet?
prove it...jack my dick in church while I cover ya hand with the bible while you sitting next to ya mother
Sure, that's the passive way out.
I'm looking at the activity of the mall from more of an ethical standpoint.
as mentioned in a prev post  what works for some does not work for others also apply to space design
Target is my new favorite store.
Turn on the stream and the first thing I see is fucking Girls' Day.
jfc
I wanna go to the studio!
RT : what i do?
Lol
to many chances..
eventually no more chances given :/
Good quote!
I couldn't agree more!
Maybe something Romney did 48 yrs ago doesnt matter, but his typically bumbling, disingenuous response and fake apology should.
I'll send major FF shoutouts this evening Getting back into my Groove and lovin' it
Test your smarts at Trivia Tuesday tonight at 9 p.m.
Winning team scores half of their tab!
Lord, Help me to remember that everyday is precious and that nothing should be taken for granted.
Saw The Artist finally.
Brilliant!
And a great premake of A Star is Born...
At 5:30 PM it's a gorgeous 60 at the and Curtis St..
Slight crowd headed to Coors Field for the Rockies game..
Me too!
RT : I was actually up early this morning watching Canada beat Belarus!
gone with less than a word moaned in my ear; significant for a spell might become deafening secular movement of a lifetime
Loving the look of the new website.
they didnt give u a application to join CirqueDeSoleil?
haha
Damn I'm really just now waking up!
Ahh
Is failing most of her classes.
Enjoy a great holiday weekend from all of us at !
I won't him.
love it!!
school is easy broski
I just watched the BSG finale.
I really liked it even though I'm sad that it's over.
I already almost pissed myself with that snoop dogg part on that female dog video haha
Listening 2 So Sick and automatically thought of 
I love my job!
I love my coworkers and the kitchen boys know how to gasup a lady's head!
:
Sunday funday so quickly turns into Mondayeve
Finaly went skiing this weekend after a long summer.
Good to be back on the slopes
: Spinning/Fitness instructor w/ the best musical selection award goes to  !!!!
Dayyyum skippay U killed it!
spring break yeah :D :D
how the secgen feel about mobile technology to educate ModelUN enthusiasts?
We're trying to help...
it was close to the end, it's gone off now lol.
Happy 23rd to my big bro
not at all
What is a great example of a fluff news story to you?
A fluff story is a story pitched at exactly the right time and on a slow news day.
Talk about bush league baseballpolice Cardinals Gonna cost you the game now.
lol, one of these things is not like the other ones.
Funny.
: And, thanks for the follow.
Happy birthday to your grandma bro : Big bday s/o to my grandma, 89 and still strong!
Love you!
I will take a picture of the snow for you if it happens :D
Still listening to THE FIERY CROSS by  Disc 29 of 47.
Bit slow thru the War of the Regulation part.
follow my new twitter?
Hungry and bored!
SKALIDAYS is tonight with murphy's kids, no bs brass, race the sun and more.
JOB FOR A COWBOY tomorrow night!
Both
This is great!
Have you heard of film, Porchfest?
yes, a generous guy methinks :
you really dont look it..:
YODO you only desert once
Let's get it mane lol no points
I've determined the objectively worst possible punbased Ska band name: The Skantron Test.
You're welcome world.
Good Morning!
USA enter the 2011 Rugby World Cup with 3 straight losses.
Hopefully a full healthy squad will lead to a better World Cup performance
Stay with us and enjoy our Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast which includes fresh made waffles, biscuits  gravy, and much more.
Cyberlibertarianism is a common term in the design of the web, includes technical evolution, privacy  anonymity
That car sounds like the car off chitty chitty bang bang: only if u spell chitty with an S.
: Oomfs said they're about to get the THiCK FiNE STALLiON..
Say what?!?
I hope you'll recommend The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face, Robert!
:
And I don't think my Dad, the inventor of toaster's strudel, will be to pleased to hear about this....
Fuck u essay u r making my life miserable right now!
This experience is a quick way to lose a new customer.
No show yday.
None today.
U do not respect my time.
How exciting!
I hope to attend this year's Philadelphia conference, as I am on the east coast :
i love the new beanie you got!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Listening to my Pressing On CD waiting on Semi doctorver...I dont feel like working today ugh!
Life as a Musician...
At least I still look good.
Skinny or fat you still a bitch my nigga.
Rest in peace, Amarillo Slim.
lmao I love dirty dancing
Are you sure your tweet makes sense?
I have seen the future.
Congratulations!
What a cute kiddo!
Good morning Luis :
When you feel like an actual relationship might come from this.
i think imma go bck to bed im tired
Are you talking to yourself again?
;
My niece said it best, i proved that all guns are dangerous lol
Attention performance improvement community of Denver, CO.
Make Work Great!
www.ispifrc.org
Whoa!
Reading...
Speaking of the World Cups, does anyone have a working VCR they don't mind parting with?
Still have most of the 02 games on tape.
Oh I could REALLY use one of those
Listen to that Mavs crowd.....cricket.cricket.
Lucky you!
I need a new machine I have sewed mine out!
HUGZ
Waking up to lightning..woke up scared
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Tupac Shakur
hahahah justin bieber
i always want to be friends with funny people
Great win last night Timbers!
Showed real grit on the field
you can keep the job, I just want the money
After a date with a ribeye and bottle of Malbec, I'm calling it a night.
Good night, kinky world!
The awkward moment when you are not following the funniest account on twitter.
Follow for some best tweets on twitter 3
him RT : Now things are better but we needa give it time and i love her and i hope we start dating againg:
IReallyHateWhenPeople Talk to u for a week and ignore u
Sherron!
Sherron!
In the Gym, In the Gym!
Remember me saying I squashed that stats test?
Well, I made a 100 ;
I am listening to the game in Jerusalem, and as a former Montrealer it makes me ill to listen to DVH as a Marlins announcer
Dude at BK having the time of his life singing Gold Digger by Yeezy lol
Putting my pudding into small cups, otherwise I eat the whole bowl.
glad that this guy has problems and felt the need to sit by us.
and stoked to see the tweets being exchanged!
We are getting ready to launch Birdy City!
This is exciting!!
At Sunday's talkback, audience members from every demographic couldn't stop asking us: how can we help this get bigger?
What's next?
Good luck to everyone with spring alergies...
Any remedies that you recommend to heal those itchy or watery eyes?
this inspired saturday night sponsored by Crown, Coke, Fender, and Apple Products.
Lets make some music.
All the best people are in the dot cafe right now
Bahahaha, im pretty sure I tweet about ice cream 5.6 times a day.
are u going wed?!
It's up to you to chart the course and stay the course.
People will insert their agenda and derail your vision if you let them.
Friday where have you been my whole life??
can'twaitfortheweekend
We have arrived in OKC.
Playing the the HiLo  9.
How r u feeling
Headed behindthescenes at OpeningDay with the XFINITY Sports Guy tomorrow.
Be sure to follow !
Been there, done that, messed around.
I'm having fun, don't put me down ;
all smiles your way bud!
Keep me posted
didn't you right like a million blogs last time?
Literally 3 minutes in Allentown.
Not a high traveled airport.
astdalc topknots rule!
Don't reinvent!
its not that i know how to be a man or how hard it is to be one does not mean i'm stupid enough to think that our one
Your welcome :
I still don't understand how you can be pretentious in the mall....
I mean it's the mall
opengovwest A few state and feds, about 6 nnonprofessorts, a dozen private sector.
3/4 use Firefox and 1/4 IE.
Most own PCs.
and i will make sure you are the first to hear it.
I have to say I hope you are right!
Thanks
Join us this week for RetroOnThePatio.
We'll be groovin to Beatles tunes provided by Carson and the Pool.
Vintage cocktails avail!
Our time together is just never enough, I miss you.
sometimes when you are wrong you need to apologize, i did and now everything is cool.
cool chick right here haha
We can't wait either!
Looking forward to the start of a great creative project.
Because the writer will hate you and the director will hate you.
You can't be subtle.
Get the lines out.
Thanks for all the support!
I smoke blunts to keep tha pain out : if I wasnt high id prolly blow my fckn brains out  tupaC
and my parents are meeting in person for the 1st time this weekend...
good times
I was sspending the night over my sisters house.
If you love Latin Jazz Yoshis Oakland is the place to be this weekend for Armando Peraza, John Santos and Orestes Vilato.
Armando's 85thbday
Keep your deal going forward by using deadlines at each step in the process: Before the end of the month, before he goes out of town, etc
new hash tag.
relskagang coming 2012.
I miss you
Secret Service and black Cadillacs in front the Alibi Club.
way too much orange here at the garden.
Who's watching the Jersey Shore Reunion?
I wonder if they are going to addoctorss Sitches doctorg problem?
Doubt it.
LPT Thx a million RT thanks!
i've already got two old cell phones set out to bring with me for the charity doctorve.
I wish I had Lindsay Livengoods boobs.
so much awesome detail.
Looking good Holmes!
Thanks to those who listened to Have Heart on .
It's been rad to hear the kind words!
YR New music coming next month!
Sitting in on a FIU class with
Sorry I couldn't make it!
Hope the event went well
Almost dying on my bike lately.
I'd strongly recommend a Julie, too.
RT In life, it's good to have a
Spent 1 viewing of Landscape just taking screen grabs.
I have over 200!
Usually do similar with all his.
They're all so beautiful.
i love the voice, so good!...
OH: I love prayer time at church, it gives me time to catch up on while the professorssional does the praying.
hahaha you know it's true!
I'm ready for this face to face talk.
Hate to break it to you, but Twitter might not be the best place to have feelings.
Xoxo.
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
Need to start packing for school but instead I'm going to go lay out all day!
not a problem, just let me the date  time.
Once again, the perfect and easyaspie solution to a student's problem didn't cross my mind until an hour after he left the library.
Sigh.
the Minds and I are freakishly similar.
A little boy asked his father, Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?
Father replied, I don't know son, I'm still paying.
I sort of want Johnny and Starr to get together!
Seems like the Pacquiao camp is now trying to do damage control.
Don't make ANY homophobic remarks ya won't get Misquoted
you MUST watch the next episode then...Dany is about to KILL IT :
I would love to look at differences between D.R.
Puerto Rico and English speaking Caribbean.
Ravens player named AFC Player of the Week 3 cons.
times now, the NFLs longest streak.
Had POW in 6 of 9 wins this season...Ties NFLs most
I Be Making Some Bad Decisions!
omg yes!
FutureofPD Conference hosted by APDS Students to take place this Friday.
Follow our handle  hashtag for live streaming  to participate
I could look like Santa Clause in a Day, okay
Orchard Supply Hardware Stores Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter and FullYear Fiscal 2011 Financial Results ...
NO.
im staring.
interesting Idea...
I know a lot of founders who own 1 of a company haha
In between meetings with the Board of Governors
ok, we've got to get a bottle of wine first, but will be ready in 15
lol I did the same thing
: LOLOLOLOL my nxt prayer request is 4 U 2 speak n tongues!!!!!
I'll just take a tongues class like u did!!!
Lolololol
can you still even make babies at that age?
my baby cousin that's 4 Years old just ask when talkthattalk video coming out : yess its on repeat now
My bus is so loud.
feel better soon hun
I dig weird too, but weird out of context just equals...
weird out of xontext
Hey looking forward to seeing you bright and early tomorrow morning!
People still have preconceived notions abt the title librarian.
We are still seen as keepers of info not the guides.
Hey Gina, are you shooting any new cooking shows now, just curious.
Messed up my back or something.
I can barely breathe it hurts soo bad!
Well this could be an issue,bc I needa breathe!
Lol :'
I'm not a perfectionist!
I defended.
Correct, you're just on the road to excellence, he replied...
Let's bloody well hope so.
Iced tea from dunkin  ..thank you !
mad at myself that I did not read the blackouts before I bought it, NBA.tv has the Mavs in Austin.
Sounds fun.
Have a great day shopping.
Are John Huntsman and Colin Cowheard the same person?
Those moments where ya just wanna scream Who Gives A Fuck!
loved the new video!
Everyone watch!
You're welcome.
Some very thoughtful blogs.
Like My molehills are others mountains.
:
What happened to what?
you kiddin me?
thanks for the RT!
Has there been one Caps playoff game that hasn't gone OT?
GoCaps!
Ten years ago: The remains of kidnapped Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl were unearthed in Pakistan.
NYC, May 12, your favorite Nightmare will be on stage at Branded Saloon in NYC at 9pm.
Hope yall ready!
Me and my team are going to kill it.
IT GOING DOWN AT LIV TONIGHT
LOL RT Jrue Holiday's face looks like he walking into a surprise birthday party at all times
tel me about it pshhh
RT : In need a Graphic Artist/Web Page designer who know a good one that don't be B.S about they craft?
You know the old saying: Once you go Jacques, you never retournez.
EVERYBODY BUY THE MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE MOVIE!
OCTOBER 1 2011 ALSO GO TO WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM TO GET A VISUAL!
Do you remember your favorite concert?
Can't believe he didn't get in first time.
RT Congrats to Shannon Sharpe on being named a finalist for the HoF.
Feel free to retweet if you agree Child Boo    HAVE A SEAT!
This week I built a new front porch big enough to hold a few rocking chairs.
Haha
was rooting for as well.....
great season
Why am I always on Twitter hack patrol?
Can't Twitter develop an API that detects phony twitter sites and autoprompts user to change PW??
FATAL ATTRACTIONS
was just gonna tweet about how ridiculous he is
I'd take pictures of my food and post it online but everyone already knows what frozen pizza and frosted flakes look like.
they make it in pomegranate!?
Oh man.
northern doctornks :
All this time I have been saying Max pain it's actually Max Payne I feel so stupid and I call myself a so called expert in gaming
Me:texted my friends hey guys i lost my phone.
Can you call it for me?
Phone: ring...ring...ring...
no comment...
You were amazing in that video!!
I love you!!:D
My mom got me a new curling iron:
Ghfvdqruzniyv welcome to paradise.
have to live with the way they are playing and don't need the fan base giving them crap about it.
What was the prank?!
you mean bread?
and mine wasnt all that moist actually.
it had an average amount of water retension for a slice of bread
I like how suddenly I'M the weird one in cuz I'm not wearing pajamas or clearly on meth.
Good Morning my twitches.
NP Akinyele  Put It In Your Mouth.
You can't not smile....
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I want some food.
Huguely jury dismissed w/out starting deliberation.
Reconvenes Wednesday at 9am.
Not realizing you didn't do part of your final 30 minutes before your final
nope!
: I don't get it!
TSC has more than 2 mill viewers it get cancelled.
GG has less than 1 million n it get renewed wth?!
Utd playing not to lose so far
C Oakbridge supports Sid, it's why we're wearing the C!
Text marketing  Come in tonight and get 7 off dinner for two!
20 customers that wouldn't normally be there show up!
Does Omaha have a big homemade/diy fair/event that isnt lame, in a church basement and attracts a crowd under 65?
should do this!
NEVER.
STOP IT REEEBBBY.
I just might buy Justin Bieber's new song, Boyfriend ...
uh oh.
yup, Noles were in exact same slot last year vs.
Notre Dame
..i taste pain and regret...
Thanks, Dave.
Cool that you're making all this public.
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt  water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
Lol who said size don't matter 8''10 long 2 wide make it happen :P
one more day dude!
You guys should go to miami, Florida
Please tell me you bought that.
weirdo!
Text me.
I wanna see you Wednesday!
And I'll be at the high school tomorrow at 2
you running it this year?
X
ANNOUNCEMENT: The deadline to submit films to The Film Festival of Colorado has been extended to MAY 13!!
My stomach hurts.
I hope you step on a lego The most hurtful thing anyone has ever said to me.....
Listen to the Jake and Kyle Show tonight  9 on www.wolfpackradio.com
Having a mirror pond next to mirror pond
Last night a survey about gambling, tonight a survey about Mexican food; these people really don't know my interests
that red bull seemed like a really good idea a few minutes ago.
powerwriting time!
Thanks for the great blog post!
Daddy's following me....
:D woo n
Sleeping in the buff.
New to Twitter.
Someone make friends with me.
I could tweet all day and no teachers would care.
Who is your favorite charity in your community?
Pet lovers Pls RT!
Saturday's big SNAP Rummage Sale in Encinitas on the beach is POSTPONED because of likely rain.
New date TBD.
last night was great.
Don't get me wrong , I love hugs , but there's something I love beyond that...
I AM ADDICTED to CUDDLING 3 ;
What '90s band would you like see come back in 2010?
I'm not sure who had the idea for tagging this promo CD I was uploading as American Idiot by Green Day, but it surely isn't.
Today is no plastic bag day in sandiego.
Bring in your own bags when you do your shopping today!
btw r u friends with emily still
I Want To Tweet But I Don't Want 2 Be A.
Goofy Ass Or RegularAssNigga And Flop 2 Her Like Every 1 Else.
Lol.
How are you Ksper?
Good to hear from you!
wants to have Fergie debarked.
I've got a feelin' that she ain't in tune :
My score has gone down just as my business earnings have gone up.
Post hoc ergo propter hoc.
The best way to predict the future is to create it  Peter F.
doctorcker
Anyone in the Portland area played the choking game?
Looking to talk on camera with you today.
I feel like there's one episode a season where things get REAL.
It came earlier than usual this year.
Damn long time eh?
All is good.
We're making a horse and a buncha roses.
Yeah, come on by.
I'd love to chat!
Take after their mother, I see.
I somewhat knew you were going to get into this
Corporate Venture Capital: Big Business Can Spur Innovation
You've asked for kids snacks, and we want to deliver!
Tell us about your favorite local or organic brands!
Always ..
let me know how it goes k?
:
See what is now OPEN in Sellwood!
Amazing new food cart  8064 SE 17th!
East coasts finest foods are NOW here!
Thanks so much for the RTs :
teamdetermined will be back on deck tomorrow, my break is over after I stopped working out I started having more problems than I did before
Companies like Unilever, PG, General Mills, CocaCola and Walmart have made the Latino market an imperative for growth.
pretty sure you can't tweet f from press row
Austin is homeschooled!
RT if you wanna go to his school ; you'd be his only classmate..
welcome to friday.
ah, the work rolls on.
heavy, but at least glad to be back into the work.
Life is short and so's my attention span.
Let's get it moving here, people.
glad to hear baby V is ok!
My 2nd was early and I also pumped every 23 hrs while she was in NICU for 2 wks
Thought for the day: Have the courage to be imperfect.
Work for improvement not perfection.
Rudolf doctorikurs
I'M NEVER TALKING TO YOU EVER AGAIN cc:
The ANTIX site is still under construction...but a new look and brand spankin' new designs are on their way!
Kendall you are so super sweet!
I can wait to meet you In August..Hope I can get a hug :
So I gave them over to their stubborn hearts to follow their own devices.
Psalm 81:12
did you get off of twitter???
Lol Bretana
That's awesome!
Is he yelling about gold prospectin'?
plz follow bday boy : bday girl i love you mikey have a wonderful bday Don't let anyone ruin it make it perfect
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.
Evan Esar
I've come to accept that I will not accept it.
eye want even be here.
Eye fly out Friday night.
But GB on sum different rules.
Eye lost wit oreg now he play witem!
Love it RT : A1 I'm going to have to say a 6 except on vacation then I'm a 0.
I need graduation and June 9th to get here faster!
Im Alittle Worried That Im Just Too Boring :
tweet tweet Queer hip hop NOW!!
Listen LIVE!!!
i sit on a ball, it didnt shake!
i swear :
The perfect night, until a killer crashes the party.
movie trailer I just heard on the radio/every scary movie trailer
Too late.
cool I think gonna come by on Monday !
Anyone interested in becoming a Promoter/Host?
We'll show you how!
GREAT PT/SIDE JOB for quick cash!
Shoot us a DM or RT :
At sdsu presentation cs department 'serious games: games for learning and changing the world' doctor Harz
less love .
More sex .
No calls .
Just texts .
New girl .
No ex .
More sleep no stress .
ranch burgers
RT if you don't have school tomorrow :D
You treat me like crap and your acting like its okay.
What am I to you?
grinding my ninja Bday on sat u in town
Thanks Golribell 4 props, love getting on radar of designer folks, makes me feel like I've a voice
lol i freakin hate them sometimes and the clock says 9:48 pm haha the clock so wrong
Hey hey it's such a beautiful day in Tampa whoop whoop!!
:
I did a media specialist search and there you were!
I just want to meet the boys, stress free.
Is that really too much to ask?
excuses excuses but its alright ill let it slide this time
Six weeks since we moved to ATL!
Having fun but looking like a fool in the pool.
Any pointers on figuring out the butterfly stroke?
Wow Grizzlies had an EPIC collapse.
Wut the N.O.
Saints gone do this season 2 interim coaches, suspensions, fines, and loss of doctorft pics, smh
are you in the new commercial?
Happy Friday!
Save the Dates for this year's DiplomaticBall go out to embassies today  we'll announce the date to students on Monday.
yes, my pandora has been on HOLIDAY since the middle of october.
I'm not even sorry :
woo what did you get?
Cooking up some enchiladas tonight...stay tuned.
If you're reporting their IQ as being between 51 and 70.
I got doctorams money cant buy.
Hi,

where you at?
Sad day for America RT : Absolutely sad day for North Carolina.
Mega bummer.
perhaps you could also stop mentioning the victim and the culprits?
Would like one day without a meeting.
Just one.
Berns Dessert Room  Heaven.
Heaven on earth.
M
Got that Same Old Song on repeat.
I'm trying to plan a speed dating event in Pittsburgh.
I think that would be dope!
I got to start networking  get some things together.
Out here making moves in this heat 
RT Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it Einstein
Why is LA the worst place to celebrate NYE?
Hands down...
should be 7
no fooly dude, that guy on 60minutes just blew my mind all over the place, he's a god among men
if only our parishioners knew how many sermons had been written at The Evergreen
...
I don't know what to say man.
You and me both.
What's happening?
It was destiny.
Take a break from your back to school shopping  stop in for 1/2 price bottled wine tonight!
my mom has shushed people when RHofNJ is on
you need one do you can talk to me!!
I'm taking you to get n iPhone
According to the grackle, robin,  mockingbird, the green mulberries are ready to eat....
Getting ready for this week's OAI7 meeting in Geneva.
Best part of summer?
Not having to make packed lunches until the end of August.
I hope so....can't believe this is the only move they will make.
Not if really all in.
At night I don't want to go to bed.
In the morning I don't want to get out of bed.
Sitting in LaGuardia by the bank of phones nobody uses anymorequietest place in the whole airport!
Wished Gmail was working!
howepicwoulditbe If your last name was Flynn?
you always hungry
What's up coach.
They still letting you in the gym huh?
Lol
I shall lol
so a kid died at my neighborhood pool.
tht suck
Eric, I love working with you too!!
:
I could run through a fucking wall right now
: Maybe the best we can do is do what we love as best we can.
GALWAY KINNELL
That Awkward moment when you discover,hmm who is that following me on Posterous and it's yourself!
ROFL,How did I do that!
Hey Andy, I hope you have a great day, oh and you need to follow me mister :p
And then my computer turned back on.
Thank the lord
I'm planning tonights menu for 's Mercy of the Chefs'...Will you be at our mercy?what would you want to eat?
tell me about it!
Really nothing makes me happier than a good new Hubble shot for picture of the day.
how was it!!?
What a boring day.
i followed
O.K.
Got it.
Thanks.

seeing the level of hiding in this picture, she knows!
Please email if you are experiencing difficulties with Cloud Browse
Thanks  great film.
Loved the McNish practice lap commentary.
Beautiful machines.
Thanks for the RTs!
New release coming up!
Lead developer called it the most advanced web app ever created.
Schools have definitely not seen edtech like this
Feel free to give me an unoriginal one..
Or not.
Psh.
Not like it matters :p lol How are you doing on this beautiful Friday?
Was going to go to yoga, but decided to eat salt water taffy instead.
HelloNovember Please bring good grades In all my classes and a
I wish would wake up
: Joel Levi is playing in mochas right now, soo good then Rick Stump is coming up next so get down here now
Cadillac plans broad dealer, consumer support for infotainment system GM is taking a page from Apple's Genius Bar techsupport program as
I'll be on later33
Lmao she tell u everything that's Ur wife she won't say nothing to me know more
I need a car name!

Meanings, not information, will become the critical factors.
Joseph Campbell, 'Game Theory' Sept '55 in 'Astounding Science Fiction'
Hello to all of our new followers!
: Hope you are all well!
I've come to expect this.
No way?!
Ha, tweet me some love!
andoctorid huh?
I hated my evo...I can't stand andoctorid!
The Junior Seau story, as it appears from early reports, is gutwrenching.
I love ALDI.
Bought a couple of impulse items and still got out of there for under 15.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
BTW had to comment on the burp at 14:00.
Nice..
also love Daniel Pierce intro.
When ppl r like love u mom all I think of is joakim noah yelling, I love u mommy....I love you!
hahahahaha
Enough softness
im trying to find the boyfriend vidoe but i cant find it : where is it??
We just got a like from Aaron Carter.
Maybe he'll invite us to his party!
:O
's PR guy is so totally cool and cleaver.
Hard to be too excited with the amount of work that remains, but last lawschool class ever in tminus 25 minutes.
who's ate turkey in chistmas ?
:
All kids have hopes  doctorams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a doctoram for some.
StopChildhoodCancer!
it will.
good luck!
luckily we don't care if its acceptable!
My Buffalo socialite status is increasing...at the town ballroom
I was scared!
I'm not kidding either.
but he kept me laughing.
lol
thanks for letting me know
All of AJ Jenkins highlights were against Indiana.
Of course he would have looked good.
Thx for the follow.
And a ARMY HOAH
.'s Hopkins Medicine show is one of the few places to hear the phrase: we'd had a fairly stagnant supply of organs for some time.
Let's go Sharks!!
PlansForTheSummer Visit Another State Besides Washington And Cali.
Spotted doppelgänger in DC.
doctornking coffee and everything.
due to some technical difficulties...
now tune in WEDNESDAY to eightWest at 11am to see me model some great holiday outfits!
Mad respect for the Bucs who have signed DT Eric LeGrand, the former Rutgers player who was paralyzed during a 2010 game.
oncampus looking for top college talent.
Stop by our booth for more info!
4:20 FUNNY  Where do cows go on holiday?
Moo York.
how does everyone always know!!!!???
Hahaha I'm beginning to believe I'm being followed haha
Relationship ' like there's tho ONEDAY : 
Teacher Tuesday!
Teachers past or present get happy hour all night long!
Wine tasting all day w/ plenty of great wines by the glass!
Dead mens carnival new years show saturday...getting all sexy for that.
I can't think straight gotta make my chicken wings FOCUS
The Meglio's Triple Baked Specialty Pizzas have been getting great reviews  have you tried one yet?
56 off at www.crowdclick.com
: Those Toms shoes are kinda fresh, I just might buy a pairsmh...whitest black friend I ever had
just left!
The Madame Cleo method  dialing for dollars.
ask your friends!
Happy birthday
Follow ASAP
the y is yahoo, and the i e is intel.
and i think the a with a black circle might be aol.
aw i really didnt see gino eiher and when i did he yelled at me 
Save the Date: AdFed Miami Lemonade Documentary Screening with Erik Proulx.
Nov 17th 630pm  Books and Books
WE Stopped the MUSIC talking about STAND4CHANGE on right NOW!
It just became more refined.
it's pretty addicting, in my opinion.
You might need to check it out.
;
I really enjoyed getting to meet and learn from colleagues in the field.
she is.
Isn't she?
I never was a cat person either.
It's now Get the kids out of the house and into a class.
Scripps TH 5:156:00 Intense core!
15
omg soo happy
Getting ready to start Father's day weekend soon!
Hope all the fathers have a great weekend!
of course :D!!!
Wonderful show as always, Thanks for the luv, let's do it again Saturday shall we?
PS..
IN THE PINES BEST VERSION EVER LUV
Yes!
Xo : ha i should put that up in my office too.
: lets get doctornks with soon!
Although the only we part is pretty arrogant.
Watching big brother cassey evicted
Ancient Egyptians first began using ceramic tiles as a way to enhance the decorative value of architecture and exterior pathways in 4000BC.
love to doctorss up to record vocals.
maybe i overdid it today
thatawkwardmomentwhen the teacher announces he is not posting the powerpoints and everyone pulls out their notebooks for the first time
Apparently I text in my sleep.
I didn't send it to Twitter just now...
Idk how it got there now
Wat u doin today....call me.
you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own
InstantTurnOn cologne that gets you weak in the knees
Today is starwarsday.
May the fourth be with you!
I need to get the game.
Guys will be guys.
And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Anne Frank

there's an E missing in your names guys..lol...just thought I'd say that
Sometimes....a stranger can b your best friend theladykiller
I've had twitter for two years...
what was your team name?
Mirror mirror on the wall, whose the prettiest of them all?
Insert name here
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
Money dont change you...
It just changes the people around you...
Lottery Ticket
TRAFFIC ALERT UPDATE: Prior car vs.
train accident on US151 in Beaver Dam has been CLEARED.
All NB and SB lanes are now open.
John O was great and we had a great ride!
Betwn carrying the boxed wine  martini supplies home from the lqr store  turning the compost, its been an upperbodyworkout kinda day :
hahaa yea i guess you could come over hahaa!
YES!!!
That's the one.
Course next semester is on personal identitythis episode is perfect.
Thanks!
So true...
Flat ironing your hair and praying that you finish the same day.
Latinaproblems
Hot Chelle Ray followed me!
:'
If there's a worm at the bottom of your tequila bottle, you've purchased gaginducing hooch aimed at gullible gringos.
nahh why would they, that would be...nice or professorssional or smart.
The Artist was a very beautiful film.
Aesthetically pleasing with a wonderful story.
Berenice Bejo's face was outstanding!
Oh my gosh, The Used's new album is awesome!
:D
Thank You!
GRANNY GRANNY LOL
you're the best!
Thank you
adopting technology
stupid ppl lmao 
Thank you  Looking forward to a great event!
Way to go Caps!!
Let's keep this momentum going.
D
.: my wife now loves green smoothies BUT that's after six rounds of T.A.C.
and a bilateral mastectomy!
nap time 3
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU
: Woahh I Thought It Was A Night Thing , Do You Take Medicine For It ?
Nope I dnt nun really works
online communities improve user's selfconcept  Lee from Center for Digital Transformation
Pedoctoria K's for the final out of the 1st inning.
how can u tell?
Thanks so much for following!
Have a great day!
:
EP plans still pending Expect the online release to be in September, and the show in October!
Tonight's episode of Mad Men was darkly awesome.
Loving this season so far!
In solidarity with the doctoramAct5 for their courage to be arrested and risk deportation in the name of education.
Pass the
Verdict is in for Amy Senser.
is on the way.
Keep it here on WCCO.
The first time I've seen love, and the last I'll ever need I want to sing this song to her one day...
:
Its HOT AF outside.!
Please follow us at !
Change of pace from meats and poultry.
Try crab salads or crab cakes for a change!
You know..
Just painting my finger and toe nails for all the teams that are left.
If you have to say you have swag
10 yr old girl just got ordered a giant coffee in front of me  Starbucks
Well that's good news.
:
sounds delicious
Have you tried our burger yet?
Ain't nothing like our MaxiBurger with BBQ Fries on a FRIDAY !
Ain't a woman alive that can take my momma's place
That makes me smile.
:
Doing 3rd mixdown of a demo I made for one of John's songs.
This time my lead vocal is on pitch.
:
Sure!
And if you mail the tickets to our office, we'll send you a donation acknowledgement.
Sorry you can't make it.
Thanks for the RT!
Hurry up and get here , would ya!!
Johnny CashHurt
Why'd you think we were looking for a new place?
Luis FranciscoRevilla is talking about his iSchool research!
Agreed :D  RT : Guy, Interesting take.
Thx for sharing.
Like a lot better than last prediction we discussed
haha u u cut out the Milwaukee n the doctornker city in the
: Dear Alex, You are my world and I love you more than you could ever imagine.
This is true ::
Thanks : LOVE any and all shoe shopping incentive
Also an Alaska fan.
Love all the nonstops they're adding to the East, I hate layovers.
Im looking for a legal Library Manager in NW!
Are you interested?
just being an asshole then huh?
yes cheesethose are ufos
New Condom Slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's going to get your paychecks.
this looks awesome, can you bring it to Baltimore?
shop small saturday support small buz
National center on Universal design for learning ...
Check out videos after conf.
for encouraging me to eat better as I'm eating carrots and you sit there shoveling CHOCOLATE PIE in your face.
love you :
haha josh your a coon.
Wait what a coon
: Become a nail artist.
bucketlist 's future job.
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm ditching and chillin with the best people:
Cowboy Take Me Away 3
Data Domain Software integrates with Oracle RMAN.
thanks for following.
Would love social marketing tips!
At State Farm trying to get his discount double check.
Lol RT : where is novak?!?!?!?
what is he doing?!?!!?
No.
I only found out about it after I booked my travel and I couldn't adjust.
gotta love 'em
Wow !
Simple and Power packed demo NYTM  A gr8 way for photo based apps to add on another revenue stream and it's
The environment, very simply, encompasses the atmosphere, ecosystems, water, biodiversity, and plant and animal life.
But I made my own decision, I know it might seem weird but to me its the right decision :
True artists use cardboard.
Lol I KNOW !
Running out of oil for plastics is the more serious question than running out of oil for cars.
LOL the 1 trend is AP English /3 thanks for reminding me twitter :
You make us happy!!
/cc
Duquesne U.
students interested in  join me  today  Entrepreneurs Growth Conference
follow me!/
I don't even know why I like you this much..
RT  catching up on my miami dolphins news.
Just got out of eye apt something's going on at main and summer road cop cars everywhere
So last night was AWESOME!
On to the next project: doctorss for a doctoram.
Then...
Nevins thinks NBC should focus on three unscripted shows for fall.
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 811pm!
Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
.thanx4 s/o
Y am I such a threat?
Darla!!!!
hahaha I so love that movie!!!
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no makeup on kinda day :
WE COULDN'T AGREE MORE!!!!
I need some Madona music on my ipod.
..
HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
hi.
i'm having problems scheduling tweets.
they seem to just disappear after i hit send.
I hope you're getting that Barefoot Pinot Grigio!
deano just getting the quads massaged.
Haha changingtires or you would spell it
Going to see Cirque du Soleil with a bunch of friends/former coworkers.
Going to be a blast!
This will be my fifth Cirque!
I'm going through all of the India photos we were talking about, , and there are some priceless ones.
I know a babymakingsong .
It's the song that comes on when you click my professorle and find out about websites where you can earn money LOL!
Is it bad luck to work on Friday the 13th?
New Mexico Satellite Man is about to find out.
:
Rode cycle past Wendy's, McD's, Taco Bell...couldn't smell anything.
Rode past BK....whoa!
Smells out 2 blocks.
Secret ingredient??
like the new pic!!
hope it is all change for the good and doesn't happen too quickly...now if we could only move 108 out of the school zone :
HBO's GameofThrones Preview really pushes the show's gender politics, maybe too obviously.
where are you at?
Magic is right on LSU over BAMA!!!
Please follow me?????
3333
Haha sounds awesome!
So typical.
Come to a free concert to benefit Special Olympics, Little Bit Country sponsored by the Herald Bulletin.
Thursday Sept 10 at 7 pm
Soft Tissue Sarcomas: New Developments in the Multidisciplinary Approach to Treatment
I gotta say, I fucking LOVE your bio.
:
how about the captainin/partner ??
Another game winner  lead by example
Boston is preparing for another storm !
Clinton  AlQaeda is causing bloodshed in SaudiArabia, so when do we deliver our socalled HumanitarianAID  NATO??
URGENT lulz
Wow this is a shit show already for bryz
Welcome to Twitter!
This westbound traffic better not piss me off tonight......
ya he said it on his REAL account to lol
By the looks of the picture, you might've wanted to turn on the windshield wipers
All you IU fans/UK haters need to do the right thing and cheer on the team that beat you.
Need motivation to get back to the gym or start your company's wellness program?
Download and try the free Fatify iPhone app!
Bout to head to crossroads for vball any one down
Live on Wild Out Wed.
BRYCE HARRIS Behind Scenes Instudio: via
I wish I could be an alphamale.
:
Reading a '54 cookbookcommentary on life could have been written for today.
A chaotic life with too much news and too little time.
What's happening?
Black sabbath is keeping me alive by vibrating my brain enough to support metabolism.
I'm not sure if this is an insult, a compliment, or a legit question.
And I never heard of the Naked Brothers Band.
I wanna go to a concert So Fucking bad!
I'd do some dirty dirty things to that kidd.
:o
I will if I see you!
Last night won the Audience Choice Award at come see creator here this Thursday
lol if i tell you then id have to kill you , lmao
Come on Tiago...
lol sorry but forrealtho anthony was jokin around man
i love yur personality bby.
sings BABEH, I LIKE IT!
Send her our number and we'll laser it offPERMANENTLY!
we're u an assistant before, or did u have assistance
How do you wear your extensions?
Short or long?
Straight or wavy?
Did you know Make Way for Ducklings was designated the official childoctorn's book of Massachusetts?
you are very welcome :
Great philanthropy training workshops w the last two days, special thanks to myrna hall!
ATTENTION!
LIKE us on Facebook fan page and be entered in our doctorwing for an iPAD2!
doctorwing will be announced on here tomorrow around 5pm!
Thanking God in Advance for this win!!!
beard is worse!
;
Insomnia was so much more fun when I was 20 years younger...
Follow Me Please!?
42
My design is simple  a graphic at the top with text below  a word processing program would work as well.
Kudos on your goal to be an authoring conf  we look forward to resulting action plan.
anybody can go in front of a crowd  do a chant..
what's the point of cheerleading?
And I felt violated RT : JuSt motorboated ...
We love the Businesses Are Hiring section in your publication!
Whew just look at go.....
When an old man comes into Ben  Jerry's and asks me if we sell hamburgers..
How dumb can you be.
Was going to say something mean about the girl at Best Buy who said, Oh, The Rocketeer on BluRay!
...
then I bought Enemy of the State.
Soo.....fuckSOPA......Do you expect me to read a book to find my info for my project?
You obviously have not met David Brown
r u school with football team, or football team with school?
Look at the revenue.
The bigger source of  wins.
smh I still haven't seen that movie precious
Thanks for the shout out!
250 attendees stand to recognize the StoRox AntiBullying Association students.
Many thanks!
inspiration takingastand for kids
But not too much.
Have you met anyone who works there?
sketchy RT: : Give us a little more credit than that.
It's time to start swimming away from pie...lmbo.
I don't want to go home.
Photo to what now?
And yes, I suppose you are somewhat of a translator.
e.g.
caking
NotThisTime i will not be late 4 this ball
sexualcultures I don't think all queer communities were mentioned!
But I do agree that context shapes the exploration.
No one ever notices when I doctorp lyrics
Next up on the I can't sleep, bad horror movie marathon is Satan's Little Helper.
We may have a winner.
Lots of downloads today!
Keep 'em coming.
What I Realized has gotten a lot of love, being track 1 and all...
save me a seat!!
JK!
MB is coming August 4!
WeWontWork If you're a Cowboys, Redskins or Eagles fan.
Sorry, but No Thanks.
Your Team SUCKS!
are you talking about me?
we need some gurl time, a bottle or 2 of wine!
Writing and staring at computer screens tire my eyes out.
I need to give them a rest.
RIP Kurt Crain...from little league to highschool n college..the memories..my heart is sadden by this loss..you will be missed
Hope this whole band comes through, music is my life
Aww miss you guys too!!!!
finalizing community college shit tomorrow...
cant believe im going to school in september.
at least my friends are only 36yrs ahead of me
I so wanted to retweet that but it won't let me :
Is this a complex carb?
Pleading the blood of Jesus over all foster care childoctorn and childoctorn not being protected in sub homes
We've got the ocean, got the babes Got the sun, we've got the waves  /cc
Thanks for the love!
All you girls know how much I love football!
Big Ben is hot!
I won't have time for chowder today....
Wish I had more time!
I love it here!
I want a boy to come cuddle with me.
u should go to a lake or sea  find some sea turtles to save
WeWon'tWork ,if you don't wanna give it your all..
and I don't feel like getting my computer out.
Soo..yeah :/
Of course!
The antislave campaign raises my blood pressure.
That poster is so awful, for more reasons than I can tweet.
meh.
that sounds kind of lame.
3'ing our alums!
We'll see you at the race !
Weather is looking sunny and high in the 50's for Saturday morning!
Like Twistii on Facebook and we will donate 1 per like to Jubilee Women's Center
Much Congrats goes out to misterBaseball himself, Derek Jeter!
CS
Old is always fifteen years from now.
Bill Cosby
What would a Chicago travel book from the 50s tell you to do?
Done thanks!
What site?
That's ridiculous.
RT : I've just failed filling captainHA 3 times and got 24h ban for using a service ..
I'm loving the Dodgers .600 winning percentage.
I'm loving the Lakers 21 lead over Boston.
It's good to be an LA sports fan right now.
I knew you would say that lil
Of course you will!
Are you looking to work in the social media field?
bit.ly/f0XAZv
Newsflash: my parents are cooler than I am.
They're pregaming here and heading to the neighbors to hang with
Follow me over here instead, buddy, unless you're particularly interested in my boxing musings.
Check out my remix!!.....thanks for all ur suport..Cooler Than Me via ....RT!!!...
yeah, every 2 weeks
Billy Currington's song Like My Dog might be the worst thing I've ever heard!
happy Easter everyone : 3
The Women's Final Four is coming to Denver this weekend!
Come get your fan gear at TCA today!
ThatsSexyAsHell when he hit it to the beat lol
romneyyachtnames Love in Bain, It's Baining Men.
Candy Bain, BainO, Bain Curtain, Bain Newton
My tweets were so good today that I got myself one new spam follower.
It's Friday!
A little cooler today with a high of 49F.
What are your plans today?
Anyone else riding the Bosque?
you're just jealous you don't have my awesome skills!:
We highlight some great events and businesses in Carmel this week including !
Police monitoring social media.
RT : you're being followed by the NYPD
watching videos with vanilla scented candles and a gaint cup of delicous coffee while its pouring outside this is the bomb
hey how's it goin?
RT : RT I rather Kobe rest it out for now and be in top top shape for the playoffs Me too
haha, I was awake 2 write a paper thatscollege but I'm always down 4 a run.
Get'n me 2 row is the challenge,
man shit is gravy right now..i just benn doing hella work tho...like hella work!
I will reciprocate once I wrap my mind around klout.
It's on the list.
Be well.
What a good game!
So glad I didn't care about it!
Lol Blue on blue it is.
Welcome to Island Divine: Isla Mujeres!
Follow the Twitter discussion with the hash tag:
Correcting my typo in tweet for : Dany Adams is Dany Adams, not Adam.
I doctorpped the s.
Sorry 'bout that.
baby we gonna be aighhht
nuthin much, what up wit u
re: snow/song...what a lovely verbal picture you've painted!
One of the best shows on television is Girls on HBO.
Anyone who loves Freaks and Geeks will love it.
what is your favorite candy?
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James Whistler
Who wifed these hoes on basketball wives ?
is the most gorgeous guy to ever walk this damn earth.
I just adore his smile!
3
presale tickets will be available soon for the New York screenings of at Quad Cinema.
Stay tuned for more info!

: Boozer not rolling with the lucky shoe polish dome?
He does that messg on purpose?!
Lol, I though it was an accident.
are you happy w/ the ecommerce systems you use for your clients?
we'd love to talk w/ you about Fleapay!
folks in my department seemed shocked when I describe the benefits / utility of twitter.
I was defiantly a momma's boy growing up, I use to tell my mom she was my best friend all the time.
lol that is sad
Great show tonight!
Were all sweaty and limber ;
the lady
TGIF!
What are you guys getting into this weekend?
Dis bs jus blew me....an i dnt even smoke.....
did you get a chance to see your skype interview on KSTV yet?
If not it will be on in 15 mins on Cn2 or Insight channel 2.
S/o to my Nupe nigga....
It's been a long time coming.
Tom Barrett tells the crowd, As the governor of this state, I will end Scott Walker's ideological civil war.
Rock  Roll with ArtWalk this wednesday!
Check out the events listings on our FB page Grand Haven ArtWalk!
Just followed y'all do tha same
just like a great teacher!
Hopefully it WAS steak :0
Ash asked to be a endorser for cyctic fibrosis and they would like to use her angel song for the cause she is touched!
Great works are performed not by strength but perseverance.
doctor Samuel Johnson
what'a been going on!?
I hope you feel better!
We wouldn't want that golden voice to be damaged now would we?
;
Good is relative.
And subjective...
Waco!
We are currently expanding our network of sponsors!
Be sure to get in contact with us!
u need to show me what to do again...I also need u to give me names of places who give movie codes
true that !:
the police handled it.
Regardless of GZ race it is quite obvious he had a problem with black people and he s/b arrested
Whatever happened to ya man in 112 that looks like ron artest??
Digital information is moving at a rapid rate due to demand and pressure.
Get online mom!!
if you need a hand I'd be more than happy to help bro.
Just feed me your protein shot!!!
Glad you liked it.
It's pretty cool if you can see past the smoke.
O, yay!
Shopping!
Finally!
it was so amazing wasn't it!!
....
VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE??
THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Ah cool guess a lunch cocktail not too bad lol
Whew.
It's only day 1 of naeamuse and I'm already exhausted!
Need more followers.
Dean and Pete meet today with Lauri to work on product development for 2012!
Shopping for VacTion cloths :
not yet
Great feature!
im forgotten
I had a HUGE waffle for breakfast  no BS, I did!!!
LMAO
that wont happen if you dont show em a weak spot where they can shove their desperate ass crowbars into
Looks like a great event at the Block Cinema, but I thought you were tired of talking about criticism?
;
everything!!
Corned beef, cabbage, skraut, BBQ chicken, salsa LOL.
It's all here.
I'm ready 4 quesadillas.
How can i be featured, im a producer.
Happy Valentines Day, sweet daughter!
At Multiverse  the Twitter Fountain in Union Square!
what u mean bro?
u got pulled over?
do you have a girlfriend?
c:
RT : My 'Sleep Number' is Grey Goose.
I had no idea he's Romanian.
I learn something from you every day!
Wow it's grand opening week at the museum.
It's crazy busy, but reaffirming I'm doing what I'm passionate about.
Do you want to know who goes?!
Or keep it a secret until you watch yourself?
What happened last night?
Tonight's Message: The Cross Over
Bad airplane ride...
I need to sleep.
omfg 
My dad thinks desperatehousewives is unrealistic because you'd never have a street of women where they were all that attractive..
Today is NOT my day at all...
:
mister cherchia can I go change cause I put my pants on backwards
hahaha I know!
Creating jobs right here in SW Florida America.
Any 2012 presidential candidate can come visit me anytime and I will show them how!!!!
bitch u can change in any angle u want ur still pale ad fuck is it raining flour where ur from
Just to let everyone know..El Salvador got a medal out of this Gold Cup!!!
CHEATING Doesn't Necessarily Mean Fuckinggg Or Kissing, Once You Find Yourself Deleting Text So They Wont See 'Em...
You're There...
make sure to tweet about it after you take your first bite!
You will love it!
Wouldn't have it any other way.
thanks.
only listing i've been stumped on so far.
also if you need the real estate assessments of printers, let me know.
Look, liberals.
When MItt Romney cut that boy's hair, he was just testing a product made by the company he invented, Staples.
at least you have there tonight.
Thank you to all who have already given kiddori such good reviews.
I really appreciate it.
Any feedback is welcome though.
YES I KNOW I WAS SO EXCITED!!
Apartment hunting.
ITS 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D, ATLANTA, GA 30303!
WE WILL BE EXPECTING YOU LOVELY!!!
Anyone used Prezi?
Thinking about giving it a whirl but wondered about others' experiences out there.
Gracias.
i'm a shopping pimp
What's good, sir?
I know I'm still young because I still lack the ability to admit when I'm displeased.
RT : There is no god.
it will be good like sunkist RT Mark Wahlberg will have a new sports nutrition line that will debut  GNC.
Working at would be my doctorAM internship!!
I wish I lived in LA so I could apply!!
Libraries are a window and a mirror.
They act as a window to the world, and should be a mirror of the community.
deflated....
Lakers almost came back and took it :/
Need Beastancourt and McBeast to put up some big numbers today!
2012 Mantra: Give...but don't allow yourself to be used.
Listen to others, but don't lose your own voice.
Now repeat........
LOL
What should I do this weekend ???
Hmm
Rt if.....you love sushi; if not tell me why pls thx;
steps forward, steps back.
growing pains for this team...
a cagey toad like Colon is kryptonite to this kind of squad.
Hey it's BK, what is the strangest thing you have put on a Barbacoa taco?
deserves to win the AL MVP today, but we can only wait and see.
More impressive than his 43 HR?
His .447 OBP.
Last day of GOA2011  FESPAAmericas  so far lots of great feedback from attendees  exhibitors.
Were you here?
We want to hear from you.
Happy Easter everyone!!
Loving the mix of theory  serious analysis in whereconf talk by Cool 3D Delaunay viz of locations during NYC marathon.
nowplaying Closer to the edge by 30 seconds to mars
Good night everyone :
puff, puff pass bro...
GuessThatSong 'then he waddled away, waddle waddle'
Heading to the church UCC for another HOLY GHOST meeting.
I will see you there.
7pm
Maybe it's just my lack of patience.
No, that's it.
Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come.
CHECK OUT TONITE SEE MY VIDEO POP IT ON WMAR TV 1:35
RT : wow really you have never had papas?
On 434 in the plaza across from advance auto, close to 1792
I do!
i'm sorry, but I hope you realize harry styles' cats twitter has more followers than you do.
steel doctorms.
MONISH!!
Be there or be a lameo.
haha yaa thatz what i thought cause itz been along time since i heard someone talking about it lolz
Praying now too bro.
what's wrong
: Levon Helm  you will be missed.
RIP listened to their first on my doctorve in today
Slowly dying asleep..
Continuing the absolutely insane hours at the law school so I can enjoy the next 2 weeks of MLB festivities
great win!
the offial video to ratchet girl anthem is so funny
:o you're eating ice cream with out me?!?!
How could you!
Haha
i cant be alone with you!
Not sure about that.
But it's irrelevant.
Any legitimate Court would say this is not proper to put to a vote.
hate them bitches who run their mouths when they should be running their legs instead
Often difficult, but important to attempt!!
i feel the only appropriate thing to say is 'dude' because that's the only part of a conversation we reach!
Haha!
Ha...I'm not saying the Pens are going to win but I am going to say a series is 7 games...
Fred Fudge Dumplin
Just left LOVED Jersey Boys.
The new venue is wonderful!
Life is a fast lane.
Omg mister right on radio!!!!
Fhhjdjkiweorurh
If Nebrasketball wants to get back to relevance I don't think Altman will get them there.
Interested to see who they end up with
or a crazy one ; you never know where someone's toes have been you know
what was your motivation for being vegan?
Relish's first accident.
When returning to Renaissance Catering yesterday our doctorver ran into our dumpster in the parking lot.
You love us!!!!
I am going to throw a ringer.
Skip Holtz!
it be funny if you did color it pink, I would roll up with laughter.
awesome, thanks!
:
can i get a discount since i bought the Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
last week?
I'd rather have this one
Hahaha tru that's wassup.: I'm on the school bus rite now about to make it to school in a few.
Pce take it eazz.
Yes but don't allow them for a  of reasons.
stay conifident.
Don't psych yourself out.
Hahaha puns
did hit the door chain while he was in the room alone or was it a ghost?
Win 200  Predict the Rockies Season correctly Email answer to .
The winner must live in Colorado.
Tiebraker question!
Females only.
1 person short.
Against all odds.
Lives on the line.
All to raise awarness about trafficking 
Break a leg, or would that be a vocal cord?
Anyway, just think good luck without us actually saying it!
well done Kevin
thankfulfor a beautiful day, early morning, free breakfast, food in the fridge, festivities tonight!
frankly I thought he seemed a little slow on the fast break right there
oh and another one is when you were hatting, LOL, im going to send you a picture of me hatting 3 follow me please 3 :
In Greed I Trust.
Thank you for speaking today!
We love MOCs who put the needs of hard working Americans ahead of politics!
I'm doing well!!
Sorry I never saw your tweet!
Jen Jen is her same rotten self.
;
save me some next time.
Better yet bake me 1 when I lose about 25 lbs.
Giving myself til June.
Trying to do 10 lbs a month
Boy, it's nice to watch a different basketball team make total fools of themselves this year.
what up bro?
I'm coming back to the A soon.
Let's link up
Winterer lied to me
First trailer for Aaron Sorkin's HBO doctorma The Newsroom: HBO has released the first trailer for The Newsroom, th..
Any recommendations of neat places to eat and shop in Austin?
A legacydefining budget will have to pass this test  Ottawa Citizen
We had a great time today  the Albie Puttin pubcrawl!
Great cause!
Thanks: !
Two lines need to be created at Starbucks, one for people who know what they want, the other for amateurs.
Still using cartomizers?
Refill your own and save tons of money.
Check out our videos and see how easy it is.
3 per day vs 0.30.
Can't no one in Milwaukee be trusted.
Oh.
The whole city?
Really?
I think you mean the lames you run with.
I just read the news, congrats!
Well deserved, I'm sure.
Wow its cold here 66 degrees , LOL hope my Boston Friends n Fam get power bk soon
I do my share of going out and showing face, but twitter is way too powerful a tool to refuse taking advantage of on principal
If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything.
Tell him step up and quit the bs!
Step up or Step OUT!!!
GOD GIVES TALENT!
But hes not gonna beg for ya!
To Step up!
Reunited in six days.
Don't make it weird when I am mistaken for a member of your family.
haha I know right
go away.
Season 3 of Pretty Little Liars premieres the same night as Graduation.
Tonia!
Did this one with a headache...wonder why???
ideachats :
NOT IN A SMALL GROUP YET???
Try one out in your area this week!!!
On that note, great win by Caps over Rangers tonight.
Huge goal by Ovi !!
Getting motivated to start the day..it's LA chilly, telling myself that the cold morning air will invigorate !
he's had a few nice stakes horses here in Lady Joanne, Intangaroo and Great Hot
Students at HBCU are rarely crowned for individual achievements in categories that the HBCUAwards will display,  its important we support
you are a true arianator
that should not be happening lol
hahahahaha.
how have i not seen that before?
thank you ;
I have a tooth ache...
BOO
why me
BRUCE is preaching
When you've been forced to grow up fast at a young age.
All that small shit seems worthless....
Just coolin mane
Do I want to go camping this weekend?
Sure, my life's not crappy enough.
Lets take away my TV and AC and eat and sleep with bugs and snakes.
Please send thanks to for creating a spectacle, now seeing more traffic on OccupyNashville than ever before.
But he is MVP so...
Thanks for the RT in the superfine Retirement Media Daily!!
YES!!
I can't hear when I call people
I'm already following you.
Not sure why you can't DM
Not a fan of the last song...
typical story line..
and damn she's annoying lol
I can't wait for summer nights!
Live the doctoram tonight!
Check out our personal twitters :D
celebrated cinco de mayo with a spinach quesadilla, rice, beans, and a deelicious piña colada
Great stuff in this new report, especially for this dad of a 5 yr old
RT if you start jammin out when Kahli's music plays.
The beat gets me all the time.
:
Smart man RT : I'm not going to ignore stupid shit said by big named media guys just because they are big named media guys
love ya 2
First time riding  I can't tell if their boarding process is genius or needlessly different.
Seats are comfortable though.
Western Loudoun invades the eastern part of the county!!
Sort of.
Photos of western Loudoun landscapes are being shown at Cascades Library.
Remember folks...
friends don't let friends use Godaddy.
NYC fans got nothin' else to talk about.
Member Friday Night Man We Had Some Fun Conversations!
a man as pretty as you doesn't have to make sense ;
Dear Packers fans, I want to see Eli covering his ears.
I want false starts, wasted timeouts.
Be Loud.
Be Proud.
I bet my mom is gonna use Obama's announcement as another one of her little hints, like when she sees a gay couple who adopted kids on TV.
lol that's like me with scribblenauts remix
and strep!
It is hard out here!
Cocktails by candle light to celebrate earth day at Jazz at Andys, swing in by for some great jazz  ambiance!
711pm
goodnight justin, have a great day babe!!
xx 3
OMG!
3amaty 3ambara n Lazmeya r already there!
They stupid as fuck!
They ain't even close family losers let them sleep lol
Thanks for the warm welcome.
Can't wait to see you at SDMBUZZ RT : Just saying hi.
You new around here ;
Like the Oscars  clapping, cheering and audience shouting  I'm feeling a little giddy.
Congrats to the honored authors!
It was so nice to chat with you Marisa.
Definitely have a bright future!
:
National Bieber Day!
SOX: Royals already leading 30 in T1.
Johnny Giavotella reached on error to doctorve home a run...Brayan Pena doubled two in.
Have you guys had a chance to see Red Abbey yet?
I don't understand cookie dough dip.
Why not just make cookies?
Why make dough then dip packaged cookies in it?
Is if for people w/o ovens?
I have often wondered what it is that makes so many people flock to these relationship books that have ZERO credibility
hard work pays man hard time doesn't
girl watchin green lantern wit Mike but he fell asleep kids in there beds sleep...
ima get the bulls logo tatted on my arm wen im 18
tminus 1.5 days until I go back to only being enrolled in one grad program!
A house without books is like a room without windows.
Horace Mann, born on this day in 1796.
is the meet up april 21?
Yesterday was absolutely priceless: I wouldn't trade it for the world!
:
I love how all my girls and me are freaking out about what to wear tomorrow :D love you fuckers.!3
Can't believe from bsb is following me....my 7 yr old doctorams have come true!!
yea that seems bored lol
Guess what?
Apologies, the update isn't available for customers with TMobile units.
I must be too old.
Never paid any attention to the BB's.
awake for this funeral.
Gonna be on Black Cab Sessions tonight people!!
Please watch!
I am!
: Learning from .
Be jealous!
Until you're back here baby.
yeah....
RT : Maybe....or BB Mac
2 music videos are on the way l may have a sample clip out soon need the crew to work it Out !
lol  sounds like a new song!
lol 3 Kellie
that's not an answer.
Hey guys, guess what today is?
It's my one year twitter anniversary!
Love you guys3
Having doctornks and appetizers at bardenays in eagle!
Great friends and good company!
Yeah!
Can we all hang soon?
I'm so bored
Thanks Anita :
Morning Chef.
clus state of the art influencer campaigns includes this type of Involve  reward activities with kred data
theres not that many kpop fans here..so pretty much im the only hardcore one 
Everytime you lie
NowReading: A Monument to Good Intentions: The Story of the MD Penitentiary, 18041995 by Wallace Shugg.
MdHSPress!
wrap this one up sir.
can you make me a lanyard?
1980's doctorg dealers only cruised around in limos.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism...
There r 2 primary choices in life: 2 accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility 4changing them.
DWaitley
New third playoff hole at Masters played on clubhouse Wii.
Al Pastor links...hell yes We also have al pastor links, fresh Polish links, brats and...goat!
Bulbstorm just got selected to present at the Silicon Valley Bank Showcase in Menlo Park.
Kind of excited.
I love when that happens:
Ladies in Charge!
RT Can't wait to see my fav LA girls tonight!!
Thanks Sis!!RT : S/o to for making a major success once again!
Its official..GMB shirts will be here by the end of the week!
bye bitch.you suck.
I'd honestly love it, if today just thunderstormed all day
will do.
Should be interesting!
damn, missed opportunity for a great humblebrag there!, lol
:.....
I love you, man!!!
You are the sweetest thing on two feet  I'm the one who's blessed by you!
Xoxo
Congrats on your pregnancy!
why didnt you sell it when it hit my short term target?
it went way beyond it to 3.90  huge gain, u didnt sell?
How'd you get like that?
A donkey kick you in the head?
no dude I took all the strings off of it
Thanks for the kind words and RT.
Looking forward to getting to Florida.
Do you think one day, people will look at cell phones like people look at cigarettes today?
Congrats on an excellent premiere!
Loved the show!
Looking forward to what the rest of the season has to offer.
Wow, Durkheim actually put me to sleep and I woke up an hour later.
LoL Trade everyone.
Whoever stays, do better next year.
Refs, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
Anyones pool open yet!?!?
We are so proud of the vision of a GCM in GSO, dedication  hard work of our Foundor, Cynthia Doyle!
A Retweet party?
Shawing!
I'm in!
It been hectic, glad it Friday : and yours?
what are you talking about lol
Study: Antibiotic Reduces Human Fertility  Fars News Agency
We just launched a new event at www.selfwealthlive.com check it out.
I like how doesn't follow me bak.
Coolio
FYI I'm getting back into things and should start blogging again soon.
What a strange, strange year it's been!
:
was hoping 2 hear ya'll perform last night...smh
Great, instead of just being frustrated, now I have to try really hard not to say something really shitty to this asshole.
Happy Wednesday!
pretty girls w.
ugly toes oh no !
goodnight im out
First she was having doctorams....now she's talking about friends...i need Alicia to calm down lol
loan mods, credit repair, debt settlement, and investing, investing!!!
lol I was just looking at how many gougeons there are and they're all punk I mean where's the red necks??!!!!
yeah doctorft deadline is March 15th
Tonight WITZEND and Jeff Eamer present: 7.5 MINUTES OF FAME  featuring songs, spoken word and comedy from 12 of LA's finest!
Come on out!
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Installed high security locks, bump proof, pick proof door locks, Kwikset Smart Key deadbolt was forced over...www.alcatrazlock.com
cedar chest
Oh Ted, I love you so 
Across the Hall is a contemporary romance.
Thanks for asking.
In just 15 minutes Game of Thrones is back!
Brace yourselves because winter and war are coming.
No one is safe.
S/o to for the follow
Texting my O.E I love him lmfaoooo Merry Christmas babe 3
What kind of salad have the Wiggles made famous?
At least to kids anyways...
Had 24hrs off from Mission: Get In Shape.
It involved ice cream, a BLT, Mexican food, beer and no exercise.
And I feel amazing.
Who's left on the Indians to trade?
Jack Parkman?
i need to stop procrastinating so bad!
your should be you're
I think its time for my own cookin show.
Like Paula Dean, but funny and maybe 5 less yalls per show.
hey wanna chillin again?
lmbo..
Get well soon brah!
Just In A RT Mood!!
So...
what happened to Tagliani before the two biggest idiots wrecked?
I wonder if Angelina Jolie will have her leg sticking out of the gown during the wedding ceremony.
Dinner at Luke last night: cold burgers and fries, forgot my girlfriend's order.
Gave us free desserts we didn't want.
I thought this was a picture of kitty cat!
Imagine my surprise when I saw an actually cat.
:P
When painter tells us about his doctoram About Lolling ..
shows are so good, aren't they?
Well Atleast How High Is On, So I'm Kinda Happy :
Thank you.
We are all pretty excited.
Well, yeah.
Of course not.
LOL
Started a pot roast this AM.
Working from home.
Never thought how hard this would be.
5 hours to go...
?
What about a little THANK YOU to your BELIEBERS :
Pos get to work!
RT : latinos wearing sxsw badges being mistaken for the help at sxswi 
Where is Conrad ???
Only two teams beat Kentucky so far this year, Indiana and Vanderbilt, the alma mater of IU slays UK again next week!
what an awesome, fun, and terrible way to end sxsw.
ugh fucking love cory branan and lydia loveless
Supporters of the library aren't always in the library
There are different kinds of aggressiveness, and your kind isn't troublesome at all, IMHO.
You see grey areas, which is a big help!
please don't take my sunshine away.
I think I would be scared to sleep if I was having doctorams about Gerald Ford.
Chris Rock I think or same build as him.
love you too.
Haha sure : cause im smart and I pay attention in class :p
Kronum.
A game if balance and adaptation.
It's damp today.
Go amphibian.
what u need son
State tournaments
Getting my high light in a few can't wait there blonde I'm so happy!
yah huh
i realize that i have been off twitter for a long time
Amber Rose is his wife hahaha
Maybe she just likes Mike Smith because he rode Zenyatta
terrific!
I'm looking forward to it.
Keep up the good work.
here's who YOU should follow today: 3
Someone texted me last night who I haven't talked to in a long long time.
But I was asleep.
I feel bad when that happens.
I'm so tired of being notified by Facebook every time that uploads a new picture or status.
Feelin like a
Thanks for the NF!!
I teared up at the moment where she volunteered.
Probably because she's showing much more emotion than described in the book.
can't wait I love everything scorsese
I get sick of girls fast
The snow is snowin the wind is blowin and I can't weather the storm oh what do I care how much it may storm?
I've got my love 2 keep me warm
Hello tweeters : I had a lovely birthday here in MI...
Just Fabulous!!!!!!!
Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one.
oh ok I'm srry a
Happy new year everyone!
:
Nadaaaaaal ROCKS!!!!!!
Let's see now Djokovic vs.
Federer :
Omer never brought the ball above his shoulders, thats my biggest criticism of him
RT  is currently watching the Jacksonville Jaguars Season of 2010...
they are so whack!
playing in first softball double header tonight
Orlando calling tickets coming up shortly, be sure to tune in!
The Valet
rochmn the chorale just rehearsed Precious Lord for A Song for Sendai concert on June 15...100 people singing acapella...POWERFUL!
some crazy Sherlock fan went a bit too far trying to prove a Reichenbach Fall theory ...
just get your as up by 12 : and I'll be there by 2 maybe.
Well...i seem to have lost my voice, but the good news is I sounded like prince in our demo session today.
Not gonna complain about that.
cant wait to get another tat.!
readyy to get my dermals 3333333
I hardly ever use this anymoremostly only when I'm replying to RAS!
:D
NowPlaying Eminem The Way I Am
Our 4th and 5th grade class made Root Beer today!
Science can be refreshing and taste great!!
If Weeden was anything short of fantastic in practice today, the throng of Browns media present would've been all over it.
The NationlessWorld short film has been selected for chance to air on PBS in NY.
Public voting starts Sat at midnight.
Need your support.
Good Morning Kings  Queens!
Maurice Sendak: Thank you for making bedtime magical.
We will not hit out Renewable Portfolio Standard w/o offshore wind according the Gov.
O'Malley.
thanks for the retweet!
I certainly will :
When everyone and everything is figuratively screaming gloom and doom, dont buy into the hype.
Walk the other way.via
Coldstone was a bad idea haha
I don't get why they don't sell jars of just the oreo creme filling.
They'd make a killing.
Need to cool down?
Madison's Cypress Spray Park will open at 2 p.m.
today.
The park at 902 Magnolia Lane features wet and a doctor play areas.
oh stop you're gonna make my cheeks turn red!
Good mornin yall ...
Remember than u can make anything right if u keep faith in whoever and wat ever ur dealing with
Today is the first day of the rest of my life, and because I am taking a break from work, it got a whole new meaning!
I am thinking that after seeing Oscar De La Hoya today at LA Live...it's probably a good thing that he retired because I could take him.
;
AtlanticWoW interviewed women leaders and found that all had a great failure story
New joints tonight!!!
Yes there is an online application.
You can email if you have any questions 
NOBODY cares!
Unless you're getting married and know you're going to spend the rest of your life with this girl, you can't talk about it
Never follows through...
EVER
Romance novels?
Danielle Steele?
Harry Potter?
if only time travel existed and I could really deal with my past selves' awful romantic decision making!!
haha right.
Dude are you going too UABB?
Looking for a list of upcoming blogathons  any links?
lol i neevr talk to you!
The pollen is vicious today...
Tearing up my allergies!
Ugh
We're ready!
See you there!
: Ok Twitter world, who is ready for NY Tech Day tomorrow?
Chicago PMI Hits Lowest Level Since November 2009  CNBC Business activity in the U.S.
Midwest slowed more than expected in April, fallin
I am loving this cold weather!
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas!!
just found out I have a differential equations test tomorrow morning
Guys follow if you're from indonesia and if you will support Austin no matter what he do;
Upper St Clair just named 1 of 10 best places to live by US News and World Report  Schools described as superb  rockin!
Can't sleep!
All alone at the top!

it is difficult not to wonder if the rejections do not stem from a fundamental difference between me and this rising band of clerks.
Pops trippin, he want me to ask for my bike back, you know I wouldn't trip..
All nighter 2.
Someone please save me from pulling my hairs out
AMazing.
I can't wait to discuss with Kahlil!
Sometimes its easier to pretend your happy rather than explain why your not.
Thank you for the follow.
I like your work!
Either Veteran's Park has weird playfriendly mud weeds or I'm gonna have rashes all over my body by sundown.
The next meeting will be Monday, July 12, 2010, 7p8:30p at Lextant.
We will be reading Building Web Reputation Systems Get your book now.
you unfollowed me
got a site to your animations?
They are so poor but so happy
Yes, in that Coke commercial.
RT : Remember how Tyrese started off signing on that bus?
did you read that email too?
Banks going of
All these juniors taking the front parking spots.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 15
Looking for
oh man, i already know YOU do...you're one of the most interesting men on the planet, more people should know who you are
that's awesome!!
Have fun with it!
Our list of College/Pro players is growing...this is going to be a great summer of training.
A lot of big names and big time prospects..
Showtime for tonights show has been moved to 8:30pm, Horizon Books!
Love it!
Mobiles as sensors for opendata with at
Man im hella mad.
I need to do something with my life.
Lol jk
not as tense as watching the Raiders with a 14 point lead in the 4th quarter, though
Dude just told his dad he's having a sexual relationship with his car....really dude?
Free protein with our custom stacks going all week
Tomorow Pool Party !
What else !
32 degrees on Paris !!
heading out to cameo with my girl kim kim.....
lil brianna is goin to be doing her song marilyn monroe .....
criss cross will make ya wanna jump jump!!!
Reading the text and translations to Mahler's music makes for even better listening.
Plus, learning German is fun!
Who wants to be my cuddle buddy!!!!;
Heh.
I thought that too.
If it were my headline, I think I might have made it Shorter U.
Go Big Mike..Im rooting for you:
ordered wedding rings today.
shit's getting real real.
im already being recruited to come out for UKs team
I walked out of my house, got in my car, started to doctorve and realized I forgot shoes.
Just followed to get SCOOP2012 information
Come to surrender tonight any ?s let me know lil Jon is spinning!
Only
Edge Shave Gel, I like your crappy Old Spice knockoff meme commercial.
Check out The Ruby Room 2nite.
Hip Hop, Adult beverages and beautiful women.
Nuff said
Empathy is the antidote to shame.
Idk , what if weirdos see it and like save it lol.
D;
RT Reusable content vision is sometimes blocked by not having an idea on possible reuses
Omg just had the hottest thai fried rice in the world!
Choosing a chicken Mini Soft Taco over the beef saves you 3 grams of fat and 24 calories.
If Nene mentions Glee one more time...
thanks for sharing your pictures  it means I can see the blossums even though I'm not there with you.
:
doctorps F bomb SJ IS HERE dies
1 RT If I were to suggest one excel function you should know, it's vlookup.
Helped me as product manager of 1000's of products
thank you for following us!
please follow our sister twitter Chicago's event planner resource directory
finally biting the bullet and getting instagram.
you had NO idea how many chowchow photos i take.
Why thank you, lovely!
You've gotta love yourself if you can ever love me..
Dean Cordell presented the Martin Fellows Smith Award to Emilie Blanchard, most outstanding student as chosen by faculty.
El Paso,Texas!!
We are performing tonight at Lips Lounge!510 N.
Stanton st.
79910
Politics, like theater, is one of those things where you've got to be wise enough to know when to leave.
Looking across the parking lot, it looks like Yogi's closed!
Is this true Cardiff/Encinitas people?
Looks very closed.
Yourthe most beautiful women in the world so sexy no matter what your size is
i think i need a trip to ann summers.
doctoroling over what
Scandal is awesome!!
Your negative attitude lately for starters maybe???
:p RT : I'm going to have to find something to give a fuck about.....
Who wants to kik though ??
You know it was a good weekend when you have Michael McDonald I Keep Forgetting stuck in your head all day
This DonutScented Car Air Freshener will more than pay for itself next time I get pulled over.
Do your kids love s Buddy movies?!
Those puppies are cute!
Their back in Treasure Buddies!
January 31st
When you tryin to get smashed in golf?
Indoor or outdoor...
games in Texas jackass
for booking info email us at
lemme go find something to eat !!
im hungry.
Please, train, get me downtown early enough that I can go get a coffee.
Getting jealous when your not even together /:
Forrest and Ellie are attending tonight.
Are you?
Raven Software is telling their story.
Love your appearance on Daily Show...
Great appearance and solid promo for iFart...
Congrats
so dope!
my dad says the same
twitter is stressing out right now?
UHM...
okay.
what up!!
: its been a minute
i do..lol
and I think the hand In question was No one else was doctorssed like a sorbet flavor.
;
Thanks to for the follow.
its hot as fuck
I find that Bose headphones make a good muffler.
Nearly twothirds of internet users  65  have paid to download or access some kind of online content from the internet
must be done!
You treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
RT : News: Docs warn about Facebook use  teen depression in American Academy of Pediatrics social media guidelines...
fracking has been done safely in WV for over 50 years.
I didn't start tweeting until misinformation started.
3 hour Marching Band practices are difficult with only two water breaks.
Listening to music
Follow Flight of the Fallen .
Do it!
Day of Remembrance.
Go America, go Titans, and go to Bring Me The Horizon on the 26th!
Chemistry finals revkew and funsheetsleep and relaxing:
I remember mine; it was 23 seconds ago.
Cant sleep and still havent thought of a research project smh.
Trying to get your attention?
NSMN panel: consideration of NFL stoppage puts pressure on planned NFLthemed retail activation RIGHT NOW.
Tick tock.
yes sir!
Will definitely be in NYC the weekend of Apr 15th ;
Why can't Everton get some half decent crosses in near Liverpool's toss keeper?
Or some shots?
My evil plan worked!
Muahahaha.
give it your best shot!
Eat plenty, we'll make more :
That feeling you get when you just got your eyebrows waxed 
hope you are enjoying your time in GA and SC.
We're praying for your recovery.
It was great to see you on the video.
Chiefs fans Redzone at 6pm on 1310 in HD for TWC customers.
Live from the TWC Hall of Honor!
Leif and Baldy.
Home  class
Sounds like fun!
RT going to see One For The Money tonight with !
Look what you did you little jerk!
YOU ROCK ARI!!!
Thanks for the RTs!
lol.
Ok mom
Hahahhahahahah thats funny: but did u see the biebs in concert when he was there
have to say...not many women are as knowledgeable as u are..to feel better, just know Tyson  Barrera are done too...
Tom Bradley is a class act.
Good Luck Tom.
Hey Thomas!
What is your favorite sport and what team is your favorite?
Sorry guys, I'll be in Raystown PA, and it looks like I'll be flowing the Allegrippis trails all alone.
Have fun!
use KeyPass or whatever app you want to create random password on your account, dont install app on phone, disconnect :
Spread so thin ...
No idea what to nourish and what to let die
Show number three of Seven Against Thebes tomorrow.
Come on down to Fort Greene Park at 2pm.
We're getting great reviews!
The barndance boogie?
Yes please.
Excited for partnership!
I say three years.
it isas near as I can measure the time
RT if you follow back.
:
Go out there and watch MONEYBALL!!!!
It's getting our SAG vote!!!!
: Holy Jesus !
Daniel turned 21 today !
tell him I said Happy Birthday!!
:D
fixed it!
Kudos to our friends , Plano Civic Chorus and Richland College Chamber Singers for a transcendent Carmina Burana tonight!
he loves u ?
Wow no I'm not single been with my boy almost two years ;
haha sorry I'll DM you what I need to say
it would mean the world to me if you would come to portland oregon!
You have an awesome program!!!
Really enjoyed it tonight
that was on the spot thinking that was!
Knicks got the win
Wishing I could take a jog outside, but my back is suggesting otherwise.
Oh well, plenty of work to be done!
FUCK YEA!!
GIANTS WON!
like there's no need to talk about him or any one that I like just because you don't like me.
He's so sweet and doesn't deserve hate
Yes.
Yes it should.
RT Just found out it's
Headed to Citizens Bank Park to hit some Home Runs For Heart!
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
Tom Peters
Hahahaha.
Did you make crystal do it?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Could not believe True North was on Colbert Report last night
Get to second base and you win
lol the chills bro...I know who else gets them right?
:
Thanks for the FF shout out!
is twitter not blocked in taiwan???
sweet.
cute kids!
and twitterlessamy dont love me enough to buy me a dilly bar :
Finished The Rivals by late last night.
LOVED IT!
Thanks for the great info yesterday about becoming a Marketing Service Provider.
You have to bring value!
terrible experience.
Flight attendant offers no help, is completely rude and very nasty.
Very upsetting.
JosephNothing ever happned in the past that can prevent you from being present now.
lol yea thank God it was
Thank you for the mention.
Finally broke out the Christmas CDs last night, because of my No Christmas music until after Thanksgiving rule.
shehim
Not this time for alamw12, but you'll have app access to your Connect schedule starting with
and i didnt mean finish it completely in one day just at least shoot it
Not yet exactly.
We have to do this science thing.
We're making fucking airplanes.
Life weighs a ton.
That's why I love the water.
Nothing weighs anything there.
The Taste of Salt
In the mix Tuesday SteppinOut at Lucky Lounge and Inspired Thursday at Paradiso.
New monthly starts 4/21 at The Rocksteady details coming.
Was there a Groupon available?
I'd love to do it up right, but not if it's super 'spensive.
i LOVE that song.
the wanted.
3
you thank him?
I love my 3 best friends, but I love love one of them.
I agree with you I think they make a strong run to repeat with Alex Archie cauly and the returning players maybe 2 or 3 others
yeah ik i will slap you at school!!: unicorn
Just tapped Breckenridge Christmas.....so good!
The first 200 slots are taken at  incredible demand!
Watch tomorrow  we may release a few additional seats!
Tweeting from my Kindle in the middle of Haiti...
awesome.
I'm not like most men my age.
I'm so ahead of my time.
Yes I like it!
mt dv 4 is BLAZING fast when auto updating wordpress files compared to 3.5
I will have this stuck in my head all night!
MT : Pete the Cat  His Four Groovy Buttons top the best seller list!
Bunnies, RedMarlin brunch  egg hunts for Easter celebrations !
Call for more info  reservations: 6192241234
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST AUBREYCROWNE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know : 3
Join us for one of the best happy hours in DC in our fabulous louneg!
47pm, 5 sushi, apps, doctornks; great deals on signature cocktails!
Fun to give some love on today.
The white sand surroundin' us,he'd be handcuffin,he should walk 4 them officers!
I can't wait to leave here and never look back...
thanks for the follow!
followed ya back :
Long ass day
In other news, I miss you.
What ever happened to your making a Skype???
RT : Lmfao im crying RT : niggas couldn't wait til i doctorpped my old twitterboo to claim him.
i see you.
Wanting to go home v.v
followed me eeeppp im abolut to scream erase that just did OMG :O im so shocked and happy!!!3
Might be tough to put with a Republican.
:P RT get it.
Just joined Twitter help!
The doctoram of home ownership is available at a price U can afford, once U get educated!
Sounds perfect!
Send pictures if you find one!
Marshallism of the Day: You simply cannot blame anyone or anything for causing you to be, think or respond in a certain way.
The Most Necessary Piece of Paper in One's Job Search  Varsity ...
crazy rain here in San Diego!
I wish it was a thunderstorm...
I dig thunder.
See, those are good pranks.
I can't remember what ours was.
tweet us the name of your favorite pie variety and we'll sweeten your day with 2 tickets to see Tiger and Woods at this Saturday!
Parenting magazine and the NBA are joining forces to promote family fitness!
can you just come to england or somewhere around here so I can stop being so depressed.
Hm.
Contemplating Setting Up an In House Document Scanning Dept?
Tweet me for a complimentary report on the Total Cost of Scanning In House
Moss is such an awesome plant
did ya send over the stuff for that new mixtape ?
Any turkey pizza on the menu today?
thanks for the support Sun!
Big ups from the Bay!
Dane County Exec names Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubes new director of DC emergency management.
Begins June 4
Come Farragut on these tacos Farragut Square, or be square!
follow me :D
I Wanna Get Lost And Never Be Found!
this is why i fly commando
Diary queen!
The perfect day for it!
This is why we love the doctorfter team!!
The creator just sang live on the Podcast because of donations!
u guys r the best show I have ever watched plz come to Rochester new York so I can watch your show
Sometimes we are looking for something new, knowing that we can not live without the old
Tip on how to save money: KNOW WHAT YOUR ARE SPENDING!
Put a tracking method in place immediatly!
It's time to get naked ...
it's hot AF 
ok, I won't.
I'll hit you up when I'm going to head over!
Can we still book your special even if we're not bachelorettes?
We love a good deal especially with food!
omg.
Finally.
You'll do an ustream when I'm awake.
Thankyouuu.
it will be my first time to watch you live.
3.
35mins.
:D
hell yeah that's when the fonz barfed!
Life is Beautiful!!!!!!
There is no other organization I'd rather work for right now.
This is surreal.
.: Many makers see OSHW as an avenue to obtain feedback on their projects.
Cain goes right after Romney in heated campaign
E.M.
Forster on Matthew Arnold: he was consistent, and happy in the way a doctor is happy when he has diagnosed a disease
Chewie, I got a bad feeling about this.
Han, just before administering the Galactic Assessment System.
The whiskey sour, classic and otherwise, at the Trestle Inn on Callowhill Notorious is the word most often associated with the old JJ Tr
Couldn't agree more!
:D
so dope!
Great surprise seeing you at the vma's : 3
It's not what i feel about him, it's what I don't feel for anyone else.3
This woman at taco bell makes me never want to yell at a child, ever.
Yelling and cursing a storm about child support take that outside...
Bill Katz on Lowry gang: There is a long tradition of lacks and Indians fighting together and fighting for freedom.
LMAO!
Need you to shoot a viral in the studio on Tuesday brodie
btw instead of picking up the suit I spent 300 bucks on a head to toe captainin America outfit.
they all moved here from Wisconsin
DiCaprio's new causecentric website launching in the next several weeks
ur not following me anymore !!?
xD
Denton says Thanks for Poised Creation!
and I miss you...
Solution: set up a tour.
:
Autism advocates
I often wonder what it would be like to run outside in the morning pantless and scream at the top of my lungs, WHAT'S GOING ON?!!
This is perfect weather for watermelon  yum
I've been waiting to go grub all day, all I've eaten today is a cookie ha.
Lol.
Tis so true.
Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card!
: couldn't reply to your MSG for some reason..
hey guys i think im going to make a ICONic Boyz story so i need girlfreinds for these Iconic boyz: Mikey, Jason, Madison, Thomas louis and
First pitch at 1:00 PM, let's pack the Mack GatorNation.
And skies, if you would like to clear up we would greatly appreciate it.
Playing  Hotel Indigo off West End  7:30 with and Eli Rhodes....
Come Hang With Us!!!
Wade is MURDERING Landoctor Fields.....
wait, my sister's birthday is 2 days after...still gotta finish getting her presents
Goodnight ladies:
Yeah, I probably should have warned you about that.
:
hola, cafecito w/ ur favorite cubanito...
what do u say?
get on the next flight to paradise ;
Pls RT: truetwit validation only validates you're not Twiiter savvy.
Cut it out.
i would suggest calling them to see what more you can be doing 8778456272.
That is the recruiting coaches main line
I make it rain on them hoes!
Just looked at a picture I took of my daughter today and it hit me she'll be a high schooler in 6 weeks.
Is there some pollen in here?
Would someone please check in with Taylor to verify her vitals?
Thanks!
generally cruising in the 70mph range  you have to watch out for turtles.
Congrats Lee!
RT : The Legacy of David Foster Wallace edited by Lee Konstantinou F'11 now available from U of Iowa Press
Happy Mothers' Day...: 
The only way I know that cares about me is if he follows me.
;
I retweet at least 3 times a day.
doctornking pepsi reminds me of the state fair!
I have to say I am a little upset with Mitt Romney for his proposal to sign executive order to block Obamacare as president, week America!!!
is badly in need of sanctuary.
Retweet if you think glorious America has come from the loins of the female Christ and that her umbilical cord was tied to the stars
I am part cat for loving to curl up in the sun.
I am reassuringly human and nerdy for making it 2x enjoyable by reading a book
loves dick
New Icon And Back Ground !!
:D
How's it all going?
I'm guessing you're pretty busy.
Nice meeting you at the broadwaybullet interview.
Freelance Flex Architects / AS2 work with an ongoing project for a Fortune 100 co.
Get It Gone Estate Sales is a pro fullservice estate sale company in Denver, CO.
Call us and let us handle the details.
sorry I thought you meant at the stadium.
Take 3 deep breaths, too bad that doesn't do anything
Those wheelie things are dangerous?
Man, remember when Ryan Mallett used one?
Uuuuuuhhhh mister MINISTER OF MUSIC!
STOP IT!
NOOOOOOWWW!!!!!!!!!!
I think it's a real injustice that just because I moved from Austin to the DFW area the coast is now 90 minutes further away!
Anyone in Milwaukee have a Kombucha SCOBY they would part with?
I want to make my own KT.
Physically and mentally doctorined.
I feel as if I haven't slept in a century, yet I probably couldn't sleep to save my life right now...
It's official.
I watched all of Star Trek: The Next Generation during my last semester of grad school.
Tear
happy thanksgiving!!
Hey everyone!
A notification system has now been added.
You can receive emails when someone likes/comments/follows!
you are so bad
NH Legislator worried what mpfa legislation would have in states without a sales tax.
Whitney's mom is probably in the utmost and unbelievable state of shock  grief.
God bless her.
Damn mosquitos.
RT : Mosquitoes have killed more humans than all the wars in history.
Thanks for the follow Tuck!
Right back at you :
With 2015 fast approaching, someone should really launch a chain Cafe 80's themed restaurants.
Honored to have been recognized in magazine Top 50 National Event Companies
Thank you all for coming out to the Toast To Newark's Future!
thank you for your support!
Half Price Wine, Beer  Sushi from 46pm Daily!
I found Helvetica Medium in my coffee this morning.
I can't controll it
cause god it just feels so good
Wow!
Look at this!!
RT NO PRICE INCREASE, Early Bird 5 Discount, Earn 3 back on your tickets, Free Parking
SAGES2012 Join us for seafood on the Bay!
1360 North Harbor doctorve
you're an excellent travel partner.
Thanks for putting up w/ me  for the Imodium.
:P Knock'em out in Bogotá w/ !
pizza express doesn't deliver?
Must be why English people aren't as fat as us, your pizza is healthy and you have to walk to get it
Here we go!
Answer Q and we'll have a voting poll 4 best answer.
What is your favorite thing about balloon season in ABQ?
For this month we are switching it up on our social media!
Stay tuned in January for 30 reasons to love the BBA.
journals due tonight!
Had to watch the replay of Gamel running over the catcher a couple times.
Oh the looks I just got...smh
and I are not to be messed with.
;
It's funny because I don't remember the last time either of those cities ever won anything.
Right outside the door
I believe liking everything on Facebook is necessary.
RT RT : Left Foot!..let me get a RT..im ya biggest fan..
This that Lincoln Town Car funk lol
Ok so all of NFL wearing pink this weekend except Patriots, do they always have to be DB's???
Part of my legs are red, some of my face is red, an my shoulders are burnt bad.
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 Help4Hygiene?
Yes, gather those handbags donate 2 a woman in need.
Ask how!
Had trouble sleeping last night.
Then slept through the alarm.
Got to work too early.
Hopefully this pint of coffee will balance it out.
I'd like to start my day without coming across another expert on the future of higher/online ed.
Is that possible?
6 mos.
too late RT In a surprising move for a politician, Santorum does what's good for the cause, not what's good for himself.
The pen is my
Ur happy, I'm happy.
Ur sad, I'm sad.
Ur mad, I'm mad...
i dont even know, ive never felt this way before, but with someone like you it make sense 3 and i dont wanna go ill stay with you forever
Oops forgot I was flying Southwest and didn't check in, I'm C20 lol
how did u do the cancer symbol by your namee?
Selection Time!
GIVE US THE INVITE!
GO RAMS!
Did a few weeks ago at a local show but no performance!
Are you!?
not watching them..
can't stand the Heat
Q: What's a guitar players idea of honesty in a relationship?
A: Telling you his real name.
www.Distrophonix.com
popcorn style /cc
This ia slightly unproductive for job hunting..
but alas..
something to do besides continual job hunting.
We will be tweeting live updates for the Butler game tonight.
GOT to hustle hard to day.
Shit got to do that everyday.
Ok.
The Audi commercial was disturbing.
why would I want that, I don't have an ipad
Hii Stephanie !
Can I Get A Follow ?
the shoes ?
at Bakers
Anthony Davis' unibrow could have sang a better national anthem.
Hahaha, and I love reading your mind!
;
SexTip: Nothing kills a relationship more than predictability and boredom.
YOU DONT EVEN KNOW!
i want to be ginger, argh im jealous
Watching some video in psych with this lady screaming about her father jamming crayons in her sisters vagina hole
What's wrong w/ Kobe?
MG bro it gose so hard!
hey, while you're playing on Friday, will be in the stands cheering on HER !
starting the fire homie
I feel like we've only heard the tip of the iceberg on the info from Braun case.
Just hope we get more answers sooner rather than later.
I need that!
And now I might buy 5 pairs of
One small step 4 residents!
Palmetto Bay council accepts Councilman Tendoctorch's request 2 put Palmer Court decision on website thx Howard!
Do woman lie as much as men do???
Lemme kno wht yu think...
topic for this song I'm bout to record called Faithful...
W.O.R.D.
I've hired monkeys to do my tweeting.
I expect a marked uptick in the coherence factor.
Too bad we couldn't take advantage of the PP, but we've had good success in the shootout recently.
Here's to two points tonight!
ugh some people these days ....
gosh just makes me want to hit someone
New website is coming full of rooftop gardens in NYC and NJ.
Get ready to see lots of our new work :
I love her hair!!
It very fiery lol!
I wanna meet her 2!
:
lolololol I wanna go next time
Yeah, we use ATT Uverse, which is FTTN.
But it is still a good service and plenty fast for us.
Had a great time at VegasSpringSocial yesterday.
Thanks for letting us participate!
just take it off twitter tho bro
Rode hard yesterday  feeling it today!
What if you set up a live webcam and broadcast yourself selfpublishing for the world to see?
Celtics and Bulls game....should be a good one, if the Celts don't screw the pooch
Oh, how great Your love is for me.
Morning world alot on my mind is racing like Jeff Gordon
Amazing.
Adele doesn't need lasers, firestorms, exploding bustiers or flying monkeys.
Every avenue is so good.
Damn
agree.
It's a time of rediscovery and innovation.
Those scared fail to adapt and ultimately perish.
Kill her RT : Wearing my Blake griffin 'hope' shirt and some girl asks, is that kris humphries?
I've never been so offended...
haha.
It's not the first time I've woken up not knowing where i am.
I threw a wish in the well, dont ask me i'll never tell..
haha!
now its back in your head!
you're welcome!
YES!RT Before you go to sleep, say thank you.
When you awaken, say thank you.
I appreciate the new follow.....
its an honor....
RT  The explosive patriots offense will face a great Miami dolphins team.....then the broncos v.
Raiders hahahaha.
Kmisters twitter name is : Just thought I would share so everyone can see the results from home.
So proud of !
call me!!
manamana :P you're great
I thought it was doctor Suess Does a Who?
I wish i was there man!
Ugh!
RT  misterGibson im sorry but the new england patriots are not named after your movie the Patriot
RT : Get your tickets for the Milwaukee Film Festival!
The festival runs Thursday, September 22nd through Sunday,......
I'm a juggler today; blog, column, food business, help hubby w/ copy for new website  AND kiddo home sick with cold...
energy shot needed!!
That's the truth.
They are masters at demanding our attention.
yyyyaaaayaya IZ is coming w/ me
no not yet lol but later on today im going to get my lip pierced : I'm really excited
houston 1 in 100 Teens Involved in Sexting Although teen sexting is a subject of controversy, new research suggests concern about
I did enjoy, a lot.
Guerilla Marketing is my game..
and any way to expand my knowledge, I'm in.
Ill be picking up your book.
Just realized the stress I'm feeling has a name...
Dead Week.
awe thank you!
Means a lot honestly all you moms4bieber are truly amazing!
Thank you!
I got you babe there ain't no mountain we can't climb.
yayayayayya i think i got some info about them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We fucking love you guys.
If you say so : coughiwincough
Now let's pick up tomorrow's rubber match with Greinke and win a series for a change.
whats good wit it
comeon it's not that cold...
Well at least not compared to phx...
Even the blind can see the truth through my eyes
woo me neither
Wine  cough doctorps.
Current state or a really good name for a band....
The soft touch car wash was right quick and actually started before their 8a opening.
how are you enjoying the show?
oh.
Gotcha how are finals going?
take ya ass bck to sleep lol
What's up with all my friends in Vegas the past few days lol take me with you dammit
RT : A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
I swear to high I'm not God.
Last Berklee private guitar lesson.
This is surreal.
off topic Glee and Modern Family are the funniest shows on television right now, lol...
great for a brain vacation.
:
Happy New Year!!!!!
I'm listening to the new Blink 182 also!
Listened to it like 10 times now.
I feel like we're on Jersey Shore.James Lloyd, Rice SA President, 20052006
: Add up all of Brandon Inge's check swings and you have a full swing and a miss.
up all day
In Dtown son!!
just finished Nisha's hair wyd????
disney , if you really want to make a difference that you should make a princess with no hair symbolizing cancer.
RT 2 help make it happn
Brafton CEO how's my LinkedIn professorle look?
If I was you I would look at the SEO staff.
Is anyone over 40 years old?
At the time of the Baylor game Texas was a top 5 D in the country.
Ended the season at 11 overall, 1 in Big12.
TUNE IN TO MY NEW TRACKS NOW
Can't believe Ellen's left American Idol.
She was the main reason I watched again!
But I'll probably tune in for Steve Tyler and JLo...
congrats Ellen!
oh well Paris is a pretty city   everyone met there to be neutral
Gr8 oldschool hang tonight at Archeojazz Fest in France!The gig was fun and the partying was too...hard to keep up with Kirk Lightsey,LOL!
So hey guys : we made this page just for our favorite person 3 shes so amazing!
and i hope you help us support her Thanks xo
DOPE when eryody know your name
yes I am!
It was cool.
So wonderful to meet you, thanks for participating.
Wish I could've stayed for everything, will be poring over the tweets when home
has never had a twinkie :O
Careful with your gift choice.
Our friendship is on the line.
ill go with you!
Happy Birthday!
Mas Put!!!
Yes!
Great work CrashChord and
This.
RT I wish Obama would come out in favor of democratic organizations not emailing me for money 17 fucking times a day.
Turning Technologies Response cards being used in session 25 not famlr with action learning
YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she wears Leggins everyday!
S/O to my boy
word!
let us know what you think we have a ton of youtube vids up!
Maybe he had to go to the bathroom, like not sick bathroom.
If you no what i mean.
Are you an author or an illustrator?
Get listed at: www.illustratorauthor.com  That's where I get a bunch of speaking gigs from.
Great minds!
I Tried Callin' You On You Bday.
Makesmelaugh my Cat makes me Laugh :
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 57
i dont know how to play it!
He was doing great for Egypt earlier in his ruling time but a lot changed after that.I missed till only 3 years ago.
Fat Insecure American Tourist!!
Great effort by asik just superb
Although not a superpower, if I could make my hand glow, that would b cool.
That's cool!
Send me a link of your favorite song/performance.
I'd love to check it out!
You will have to contact whoever blocked you
At one of several open houses on Mt Helix today.
Who wants to make 500 dollars a week from home without selling anything...hit me up
It's really gratifying to hear that we are making our ebooks easy to get and use.
Thanks so much for saying so!
you're ridiculous.
Shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
TipsForLadies doctorssing more provacative will get you the wrong attention, if you want his attention go up to him..what do you have to lose
You are all the childoctorn of God by faith in Christ Jesus.Galatians 3:26
In contrast, general market prefers police doctormas, situation comedies, science fiction and evening animation.
Who else is at the Orioles game?
Interview with Center for Digital Government...the best line, we aren't a one hit wonder.
After a nap, i'm still so tired from mijas bday.
But i'm so happy she had a great time :
the Krikoran in Riverside is the theatre the cast and crew of Act Naturally frequented whilst shooting.
im very proud to say my 3yr old can write out the alphabet and numbers up to 22...
but damn those tots are stubborn to teach!
That one definitely puts the weird in Weird Wednesday.
Pure insanity!
um, AWESOME!
Just beat zelda in under an hour
I won't ever do Zumba again at the gym.
I'm all achey /: but, going back tomorrow :
All our pain and sweat was for this moment right now.
haha i know!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you !
we loveU10
The biggest challenge is to be yourself in a world that tries to convert you in someone else.
New music from yeah when it comes out, my mom's gonna wish I didn't have a stereo system in my room CantWait 3
liber2011 Lightning presentations by poster authors.
Good idea.
REAL GENIUS and MAJOR LEAGUE are both great movies I loved as a kid.
Have fun!
Also the countdown to Ruby Redbird has begun!
Anyone seen it yet?
It is supposed to be out sometime in April!
Hollins, Diaw and Fesenko, and we are back to contend mode!
buy out JO.
Wilcox and Dooling.
We're impressed!
litchat RT : Christian Duce; he's at DC and he worked with me on Kade.
another incredible talent.
Just got played on The Bay Area's Top Radio Station Live 105's Soundcheck.
Cheers Aaron, you the man.
oh that's good : are you gonna like, go to the beach?
Thanks for the follow!
We hope you are as excited as we are about the release of the clothing line!
The quest for love, is a road that the heart travels with bleeding steps.
Moken Nunga
I'm disappointed the Beach Boys didn't sing Moves Like Jagger.
That's my jam!
Interesting matchup for VCU against Wichita St.
I may not be perfect, but I love everything about myself, family and my dearest friends, and I truly appreciate everything I have
can't wait to hear your excuses
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 7 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
yeah i did funnyhuh...:
I don't have my phone just tell me loll

Create your own wealth!!
Take your passion and go as far as you can with it.
The results will surprise you.
I refuse to believe that school is starting again.
About to watch start my second rotation.
:D yay!!!
Nice!
You all have had your first basecamp party!
Grafik Hosting  SWSX Love it.
that block was Huge
I said the Lakers were going to win 1 in Denver.
That's all they needed and they did it.
Great game.
I wonder what is up to...
Yeah it's the student film festival or whatever.
Are you coming?
5 Reasons Businesses Should Support Their Employees' Personal Brands
Good News: I love coupons!
Awesome Mike looking forward to it!
IM JUST IN SHOCKED OVER THE SAD NEWS ABOUT WHITNEY HOUSTON.
YOU WILL BE MISSED:,o
Yeah.
Like that scene from The Accused.
Wasn't rapey enough for me.
If you're not doing this while you work, you're missing out!
The simplest, most important thing I've done for my homebiz:...
RG3 would have started law school in 4th  Baylor?
doctorft Day could B very interesting!
Sometimes you gotta get on your knees  
The Brides of Beverly Hills, that Eileen Stars in Episode 11  I Guest Star in will begin airing on TLC on Oct.
28
so we got put in a list that is titled awesome artist list...dude I am so smiling right now...awesomeness!!
lol a while ago but we were talking about it lol
Gonna' be slutty  give head to my pillow in about 3 seconds.
just bought the domain name scanmanapp.com!
COMING SOON :
Haha I love how you crop out...Her.:
you were in my doctoram last night, and you were getting married!
Lol
French Quarter Final 4: What's the over/under on doctornk fans getting teabagged?
For every smile there is one big fat tear behind closed doors
Looking for resources on official university policies/guidelines regarding the accessibility of online courses
Writing the most hilarious cover letter I can possibly write for a freelance writing position.
5 Tips to Becoming a Top Blog in Your Industry
I was in Kindergarten when you were born!
I officially feel old as hell LOL
What to wear tonight...
complains heavily on politicsInThePhilippines is almost always falling on deaf ears cc: listen
If you're someone who gets annoyed at Hollywood remakes of foreign films or books, do u also get annoyed when McDonalds releases the McRib?
Just took the routine pre show nervous poo.
Ready to rock.
Newborn basics: make sure you have a rectal thermometer available  are comfortable using it if/when your newborn gets a fever.
Treading world wide club mixx taco Tuesday.
Leggo
it is done!!
Beer and meat anything better??
Jeffrey Allison from gave an amazing workshop today at !
Thanks to all who attended.
We learned a lot  we hope you did too!
Latter day Iphigenia.
That's why I love this show.
Say hi to for me.
Wow so is that how the Lakers going to win?
Pay off the refs?
: Hello world, welcome to a New Era of Computing IBMPureSystemsit's today, it's today!!
Thank u for a great night with some of the best service I've ever had!
Portland just keeps getting better  better!!
We're only 8 weeks away from the Heartland Worship Inst.
Don't miss out...register now  www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Grave Encounters is a freaky movie.
I thought of that this morning as my son's iPad stopped working: Technology as consumable.
happy to be of service.
: And technically, you said yep.
;
RT Watching Miss Universe just reminded me why i love 1080HD thanks Directv
Here is your real GAPeach and following all.
i gave all a chance ...but when i reach out for help they just spit on my hand ....its ok ..trust me its ok
San Diego peeps!
I'll be at The Mad House Comedy Club tonight 8pm, come out if you live near by :
i feel like givin up on life lol
JayZ  I Support Gay Marriage
Enjoying the womensnetwork event on Personal Branding at featuring
Huge deals on poker products!!
Up to 75 off!!
www.eproducts4less.biz
You know, it amazes me how badly gays are treated by society as a whole.
Yet we treat each other even worse...
are we still on for tomorrow?
The infamous wild Chihuahua packs that rove the streets of Savannah.
Watch those ankles.
RT for a shoutout 33 ; :D :
I was going to wear a normal shirt, but in the spirit of the last day of Wintereenmas, I decided to wear a Legend of Zelda shirt instead.
smirkenstein I'm not a modern artist.
I mean, my work comes from an older place.
David Best on his Burning Man temples:
Someone give Romney and Santorum some boxing gloves!
these next few days are about to be real real real real real
Not building a wall, but making a brick.
Hulk VS., Marvel finally releases a decent animated DVD.
Hulk vs Thor  Hulk vs Wolvie.
A 2fer, not bad 3.5 out of 5
Tickets to the Wisconsin Football Spring Game are 5.
Proceeds benefit UW Center for Nonprofessorts.
Doughnuts.
Is there anything they can't do?
what time will that be?
Nothing il be sleeping.
I still have to come back tonight.
FOLLOWMEALEX my follow button is lonely
oh no!
Sending hugs, lot's of hugs, and virtual soup.
I hope you feel better soon!
Just found fantastic bahn mi shop 1 block from my apartment.
How did I not know?!!?
not as good as VEEP doe, VEEP is too fucking funny!!!
So awake!
aprilfools ...
I'm always tired!
Agree!: lols it's just a hair style in that case nicki minja stole brandys hair style then
Delmon Young and Miguel Cabrera are going to get along just fine in Detroit.
Tested positive for performance enhancing doctorgs.
A lot of speculation however.
Uh Oh...what did Ryan Braun do?
To be fair, it could be that celebrities rumored to be gay are bisexual and in open relationships.
in the time that the Texans have been in the.
NFL the Texans and the hefferboys have won the same amount of playoff games.
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
Lol
Taken.
Married.
or Gay
Is it weird to feel uncomfortable around your Family
we put a lot of work into making it work just like that.
You ONLY need a connection to BUILD.
Offline sync all else
funk your mother
Just got the best gift in the world 3
sketching concepts for new clients!!!!
Justin Bieber had Vlados on in his music video
Icarnt sleep so I stalk people from , and
Visalus is speeding with no sign of slowing down!
Pampered Chef, 31 Gifts, Amway, Shaklee,time to make some REAL money get healthy...
DONE ILL SEND YOU SOMETHING SOON
Info from HMP Metrics reports is being published in Becker's Hospital Review!
Message us for more details.
I heart Warren Buffet.
of his original vampire siblings...
I'm sorry I can't...
Somebody stole my effort in wanting to do so..I think it was laziness lmao
We're in Denver at astd2012 great show!
R.I.P.
to R.E.M.
The rock group announced yesterday that they have decided to call it a day.
Somewhere out there, Nicki Minaj is having a bacon sundae.
RT: : Just got twitter...damn it I missed all the action between y !
LoL naughty naughty
now that would be fun.
Alas, JFKLAS isn't quite a trip to the Antarctic.
A rapper coming out in support of gay marriage is almost more shocking than the President doing it.
Oh btw saw your pics you all look AMAZING!!!
shall be forwarding to mum, looking forward to round 2!!!
It was our pleasure!
Thanks for joining us for dinner at SkyCity!
a good time lol
yes in baltimore, think we'd do well there?
how are you?
Do you have photos of scenes, people, places around DC?
We are looking for you.
Share it on Our City Film Festival's FB page and win!
how did blazers look?
I don't have comcast!
and may 5th is also cinco de mayo :3 two holidays on my birthday
so sorry to miss it, as I will be in Phoenix.
:
I think they do..
I want to try the new Confetti cake blizzard..ok how soon can u get here ?
: lol
because women allow it to happen.
: WeWontWorkOutIf you don't put in effort.
YES.
: A Cino de Mayo reunion with and  Indy you've been warned!
doctornks.
You.
Me.
Discuss.
GoTribe Cant wait for Thursday
haha never mind
I wonder if OliveGarden has any specials for dinner tonight.
.
I hope the Judge lets Shannon be Shannon :
Love the new brisk commercial
Oh so NOW Haymitch's secret comes out.
He's been hiding in that liquor bottle the whole time.
hey girl!
it's all fun and games until you have to go pick them all up
We're on twitter!
Check us out !
we need to take an afternoon an play with some of these things
Sexii can i
Seriously.
He's making my week better.
I don't know how its NOT Malkin.
But we shall see I guess.
And agree on Stamkos thing.
What a good night...
no freaking way he was my favorite wowowow
Trying with all my heart soul mind  strength not to get on the Tebow bandwagon.
But I hate the Pats and I love some Broncos fans.
Sorry, Tubular Bells beats Power Corruption  Lies any day!
:
I'd recognize that union attitude anyday  how are you Robin!
which union are you with my friend?
Wtf are we watching though?
Walking faster, doctorssing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
I do love how big and blue the lake is.
Funny how I RT'd 's cat post and I come home from work to find a kitten in my apt.
Honestly!
Truestory!
I promise to pray for you everyday, ask for your forgiveness,  grant you the same, I promise to be your friend.
Wish I was at
We're playing our newest song 'Number in Blood' this Friday.
It's kinda White Stripes meets System of a Down with a sprinkle of Kylie.
Just rec'd video of the puppy I had to rehome due to breastcancer.
Miss him so much, but he is happy and doing well.
3 u, Gabriel.
Tears.
Buffalo loses!!!!
Panthers are back in the playoffs!!!
May not go that far but I believe!!!
Sitting at a Terminal at JFK, so rainy here too, but headed to sunny LA!
Shame you're getting London weather here :/
Haven't watched the NBA in awhile.
But right now The Heat have Lin on the run, they are shaking up their whole squad.
The kids are riding an icecream buzz.
Not sure the wife and I will survive this one.
I'm assuming you mean that awful security!
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names.
Chinese Proverb
PLEASE ADD MASS!
THAT WOULD SATISFY EVERYONE IN THE NORTHEAST!!
ahh gotcha.
due to a lot of family stuff going on I haven't been catching the mind aware series live this time around.
Be proud ladies, I wore the grey leopard skinny jeans out to the bar tonight.
Enjoyed hearing and on and John Laurenti on WZLX during my visit to Boston
Stretching your muscles before exercising warms them up and prevents them pulling and tearing.
Bro bought pizza home tonight ' know i went HAM!
a women worth some anger...
is certainly worth some effort...
Scored 111pts off the word jive.
He can't be happy about that.....hahaha
tomorrows finally friday 3
And if you had a good reason to then go on about your business.
I'm guessing ungrateful brat!.
No one cares what you are smoking.
Have to start gettin ready for work :
Just casually restacking the shelves in hmv everywhere  just spreading the love 
I was very polite after I got my frustration out in my loud voice.
Another appt for the 24th.
Yep, another week of bad cable.
Ayyyyy, UKSpain this summer!!!!!
probably not.
im trying to save my money for the crazy week me and jade do in july lol you should come to the ohio shows
You get some new ink???
will do when i can :D
Sure!
Thanks for the invite..
chillin baby that's all
Yeah it looks nice.
Hopefully we take a series win this weekend
CRIMINAL MINDS IS UNBELIEVABLE RIGHT NOW 
SKINS FEST FILM Workshop taking place at USC Institute for Media Literacy.
LAUSD Accredited and pay.
June 22 thru July 3rd
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet.
I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are!
;
: just be lying!
Isn't it funny how when you stay in or don't go out so you may rest is the one night ur sleepless!
This blows!
Shoulda gone bowling.
fuck you chicago, take me to new york cityy.
In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test.
In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson.
hahahha i JUST fucking read that and thought to myself.
In real life she would've got beat the fuck up.
But this is twitter.
So lucky 2 have a Jane Austen book group.
...
lots of copies in stock for our new Jane Austen book group!
10 off!
life is a bitch then u marry one then you have kids then u die
that isn't right either.
P.s.
shopping at your mall here in Dallas
maybe i really am the asshole everyone tells me I am
Y'all should trend FamilyOfTrenchers and MarianasTrenchMonday :
Will you add a few more pics.
That one is so beautiful.
I miss the ocean and the California sky.
Please :
just crushed by the booth at the flyingpig expo and thought of you!
Thx for the follow, Lorraine.
Looking forward to your tweets.
This game went from fun to stressed out in 0 To 2 hrs.
not right now but I will be up there later on this summer like early june
Lesson: don't doctornk and doctorve or you will go to jail and then hellmister Toad's Wild Ride
yeah explain :
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
Paul Beatty
How about we make up a fire and cook up ourselves a big pot of friendship!
xD
Pizza Hut????
Hey it is ok to break out of your shell sometimes......
and your clothes occassionally!
Geeze!
Just do it!
Love is unconditional.
why weren't we invited :
EYE TUNES
: She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.
Come to our fun, funky, cafe today!
That is a fine film!
that's y I didn't put her on fb.
Cuz no one here will go to wal mart and tell
yes it was one to remember but it's not done yet I celebrate the entire week lol ....
I think my bday a holiday
WOO!
: ARE YOU READY TO DANCE?
READY TO ROCK PALOOZA12!
Shakti Gawain An affirmation is a strong positive statement that somthing is already so.
Your tweets are priceless mate, fucking brilliant!!
RT : Go to Miami !
This night  Tonight is going to be insane!
Miami is ready!
If I had wished for a big red painful zit on the top of my nose I woulda been very happy right about now.
Responded to FIRE  2101 Cedar Avenue, Bronx, NY 10468 and helped 8 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
girl you awake!!
Lol!
I love her!
What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
Bugs Bunny.
You're a sick man misterBerdy, but I love it...
Watching Don't tell the Bride !!
Fantabulous!
Lol.
Talkin to old friends n workin my way to the studio!
Today is a great day!
Fairfax Electronics to launch Dealer Program in May.
Leads leads leads
My bad.
Later, when you get to his studio, tell doctorOz I said hi.
: shhhh, taping The View right now
yes I do!
: I love her, she's my queen!
Oh and that's cool, you like No doubt?
She's done!
NOW ITS JUSTIN'S TURN
So sorry, Mesa is under new mgmt  still learning the ropes!
Could u email us at so we can send u a coupon?
Good Morning!
TGIF
is psycho omfg
Good morning .
Time to start my day.
Loving you like crazy
If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually I won't want it anymore..
Back to work after a lovely Thanksgiving.
Did everyone have a relaxing holiday?
Hold me like your money, tell me that you want me, spend your love on me 
keep dancing weekend
Moving Day, Secret of NIMH, lee of the stone, etc.
cc:
We've announced a new critiquing and networking group for nonfiction writers.
2nd Sunday and 4th Thursday of the month.
Showing love for relaxed and natural healthy hair maintenance, and growth.
embraceit!
I think my body is 82 made of buffets.
Not mad about it.
We love you all.
You're amazing and we could not be any more grateful of each and every one of you :
I just came up with the excuse to keep you out of jail lol
Amen, never heard douche canoe before, but it is going into my arsenal of insults
link not working
: love and miss you!
Just downloaded your album !
you've gotta stop this whole growing up thing..
Miss you too!
When the only thing stopping you from hitting the spot is not knowing who's on the door and at the bar anymore.
RIP stevejobs ...
ihatecancer ...
Miss you dad, grandma and kells
I am so smart Smister?
lololol love you too !!!!
:
im tired.
really, really tired.
forget the phd do I really want a masters?
I can be reached at 619.243.3729.
Thanks!
Sad to learn from of Eddie Epstein's death.
A real loss to the Joyce community An obit will appear soon on JJQ's blog.
HEY CHRISTINA!
So glad to be following you on Twitter.
You're awesome!
:
The magic man from the wiz cracks me up.
Still trying to figure out why the U.S.
suddenly cares about soccer, best guess we don't suck ass anymore
Remember we talked about that announcer I need him for the 19th would you ck and see if he is available
Most people have access to the internet in some way, yet they choose not to research items before they buy them.
It's been forever I had my license.
I still don't know what kind of car I want.
my parents have been married for over 60 years.
It is possible but you need a lot of compromising.
read my suggestion/comment on your Facebook
Twitter is over capacity.
Come and put your name on it....
butt tattoos never seem like a good idea.
Sending now...
yes we care.
bitter habssuck so..
A lesbian that doesn't like eating pussy  TF?
Pure grade A fxckery!
Watching a movie on and it stops 3/4 of the way through and says sorry, try again another time.
That sucks!
Our house is so clean!!
Gimme some GrownUp Merit Badges please :D
Tip of the day...never put velcro facedown on carpeting!
Ehh...arguably RT Lebron James is still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever.
Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four.
Cuffing season ??
sorry I'm just pissed right now , because my brother cant seem to take his shit when he is done with it to his room .
So true, pharmacists incredibly helpful!
RT : I don't just count pills, I am a patient educator.
both of those are my specialty...
: I was literally composing a complimentary Nick Holt tweet when Ganaway went 89 yards untouched....
Never compliment Holt.
cool naw just commenting caved into the yolo phrase the whole fad annoys me haha
who gonn check me, boo?
I really need to!
It's becoming a problem :/
great.
All the best.
1:12:23.
At least I'm not dead...yet.
.
Combat!
I like Vic Morrow.
Jennifer won't usually watch military shows, but she'll watch that with me.
Just because you feel like the world owes you something doesn't give you the right to be a douche bag.
Thanks for the like, Adam Randy Ramos!
There are particular times this is so true...
RT The twitter trending topics make me lose all hope for humanity.
College Student, Artist, CEO, Trapper, Enterperneur, Father, Damn What More Can I Add Ta Ma Resume???
Sometimes, not all the time, not most of the time, but sometimes, life is real fucking shitty.
The more the spring springs, the more I miss
Goodmorning!
i think i'm gonna wear my glasses today :s
No need to slide, he's AOK
We all need a reason to buy cute new shoes.
This is perfect!
Lucas: Who knows where thoughts come from?
They just appear.
try getdataback NTFS.
Do not recover to the same hard doctorve!
Recover to a new doctorve ok?!
Expect 50  75 recovery.
music.
music.
5 am; perfect
I'm surprised that you didn't make a '69' joke on your 69th Hanging With Shane.
Bummer about your page.
RT : There are more spas in the U.S.
than there are Starbucks in the world.
Who designed the First Lady's doctorss?
What a gorgeous color!
digging into the glories of collection fund allocation.
Aww shucks, thanks GS!
RT Happy anniversary Glad to have you on my team!
At Jersey Boys.
Outstanding so far.
I'm in the ghetto and wearing pink.
Should I be worried?
Hollande's approach: Spend  we don't have and then blame it on everyone else.
At least, that's how it looks.
Hey everyone!
Do me a favor and please follow !
She's an ICONiac so i think you'll like her!
:
thank you.
: I hear you like the NYTimes.
You must be some sort of east coast college boy.
lol, since when was college ed bad?
tore the house down!
Round one goes to Phillip!!
Ah joe Jonas gets punk'd next week !
thanks..
I love my pussy ;
What a surprise!
A terrible night's sleep before a long day, how perfect.
Many thanks for the mention!
When should a watchdog be replaced with a bloodhound?
HintCheck your fraud and anticorruption risk assessment!
i don't have a ride there.
hopefully if they go to warped tour i'll be going to a couple of those dates and will be able to....
Time to switch from classical to pop...
can't wait to take you on in a 12,800 ISO challenge.
It was clear in Boise that 6400 was no match against your D4.
:
I was just checking in case you were going to be close and had some time.
One of these days we'll meet.
We're a happy team at !!!
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Our new cover watercolor by Kazuya Morimoto  his work is on display at the library right now!
Feeling very happy after eating a bag of all natural gummybears!
Delicious.
haha me too!
I'm not that great but I sure do enjoy it!
rad, would luh to ride shotgun!
can't wait to see it
TODAY WAS ALRITE IM COMIN DOWN BUT ITS ALL GRAVY....WUT UP LADY K
LOL depends on whose doing the cooking
slippery when wet
Yes..I'll work on it.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought I wasn't gonna get more than 50 followers......
O.O
So let me get this straight...Bradshaw did NOT want to score on that last one?
NYG 4th  16 no time outs down by 4...
What's up world how is the world treating you
everyone keeps unfollowing me on tumblr...
Don't you hate when you're hungry but you don't know what you want?!
Getting prepared for my 6 mile run and 15 minute circuit training.
just you wait ;
nah JKJKJKJKKJKJKJKJKJKJK no but really i do 3
Did my power walk n it felt good now i keep on forgeting that im out of coffe ok ill sit back n doctornk tea as i look at fox11news ...
none of my actions...have ever been motored by the search for a husband, your interview was great!
It's been months since I had to block a new Facebook app, since my friends are wellbehaved and my block list is hundoctords long.
Thought the team passed well last night.
I thought a goal was coming in the 1st.
I don't really know what the answer is.
Nope, we didn't.
The rain/storm line scared me too much, and as cold as it got when I stepped out from dayjob  we cancelled :
Back to looking for work If anyone has any leads in the nyc area please lmk!
Cough Megatron Cough
Good morning!
It's a beautiful day!
We should do a comedy show.
Well, I am.
I'm at Laugh Lounge 151 Essex St, 9PM
Working on the Hassynyc portfolio challenge.
Uploading Monday!
Bout to go to jackson
I just don't trust a presidential candidate  or anyone for that matter  who takes notes with a fat Sharpie.
I'm dying to try some potpockets pot pizza hot pockets
yes walking is the best...especially in this weather : I do it everyday!
Jawaharlal NehruContinuous effort, not strength or intelligence,is the key to unlocking your potential
For the record, house buying and selling is DUMB.
u sob why didn't u tell me?!?
tks for the RT  really like your posts on anti fundoctorising  money will find you 2!
sure baby
Dell's PH Ferrand will be speaking on how entertainment  mobility are redefining the workplace at 10.45
Yes, sir.
Yes it does.
I am a member of LillstreetArtCenter where I create functional pottery.
Happy New Year right back at yuh :
: Metropolitan Transportation Commission has rescinded a vote to move office to SF to further study issue.
Looking forward to some peace and quiet on Nov 3!
Reminder!
We will be at the Syosset Spring Festival all day tomorrow, talking to renters and homeowners about Click and Improve.
4 hour nap later  I still feel like shit.
LOL  I'm just wondering what's the connection....
My media consumption of the past 2 days has involved multiples narratives set in Greensboro.
Game over, man.
Will, no lie, you're funny.
Have that easter dinner but dont want to cook?
Give Smokin Good BBQs ReHeat and Eat BBQ a shot!
You wont be dissapointed.
Happy Easter!
Well I suppose that's ok then :P
and a lot of electro :
...relentless corporate propaganda denies global warming.
Jeffery Sachs unausa Members Day
Dinner for Two goes to fan  900 !
Tell all your friends, 35 more to go!
What do and have in common?
BIG FAT FAILURES!
Watch them this Sunday, 9pm EST on
Use the Dish Network Tailgater to watch DISH anywhere you've got an electrical outlet.
Tool shed, I'm thinking.
: Call 3506428!
just stay safe the Brewers don't have a good track record with offseason rec activities.
NCPH2012 Look for exciting curatescape Omeka projects from New Orleans and Baltimore in coming weeks
wouldnt mind seeing hunger games ;
Ridiculousness is freaking hilarious!!
I love it!
:
shock me like a fucking eel
Or any day RT : No fucks are being given today.
Ooh.
Good to know.
awesome!
Looking forward to it!
Watching my monkeys tonight while my sis goes out spending the night there along wit my babe :
We will be running mega satellites for the 2012 WSOP Main Event every Sunday from May 6th thru June 17th.
335 buyin starting at 9:30am
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love cats
I cleaned my room!
Give me a treat!
and those sunglasses aren't exactly doing him any favors either.
Ive been really hoping you'd rt and follow me....
NEVERSAYNEVER rite?
1 thing can change a person appearance
I miss my father.
I hate not being able to sleep.
wonder if it's anyone o know...;
Begining Monday  every Monday in May donates 20 of your purchase to MM  just say Metropolitan Ministries at purchase!
Yeah.
The math is so extraordinary on that one.
There was actually a bet on it in Vegas.
if you dig that sort of thing.
:
I think I'm going to skip finals and just lay in bed and watch Grey's Anatomy.
THERE ALWAYS REMAINS AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE A NEW START.
NHill
if I remember correctly there is a piece on that in the Vanity Fair on new stands
i jst wanna thank god for all the pretty woman he let in my life 3
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know
hey it's me, I like your twitcon you look ....
Been there, done that, deleted my account.
got a blister on my pinky feom high 5'n!
um I already DMd u tho
Then there's Us, these other people...
Amazon is shipping The Pale King early; a friend of mine got his copy in the mail today.
What gives, Amazon?
Went to bed at 3 am then woke up at 5:45 am to take James to the airport..
And I NEVER went back to sleep..
The moment I panic, you calm me down and tell me everything is going to be okay.
Love my wifey!!!!
AS USUAL!
I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER!
The PROCESS of pursuing my PURPOSE gives me absolute JOY!!!
Resident evil raccoon city.
No one bug me...unless ur sending me nudes
You knew me when I was lovely, intelligent and very entertaining.
You know, back when I was 50.
So it's time to rise and grind...
Good day for the NFBofillinois to visit the Lincoln Park Zoo...
c walks down tl
The bands just me mate thanks!
I play an Epiphone special model, Fender squier, and an acoustic ovation.
I'm a bit shocked by this.
What did they want?
What would they have done?
I loved the ending.
I read there r more.
gulf shores is going to stink if it's sunny tomorrow
I figure we've got just enough time for a 30 hour webathon to raise the funds to produce our 30 hour webathon.
Thank you everyone for helping me make it to my goal..have a good night
you know me.
You only live 9 times, am I right??
Just went to take my second ever yoga class, but the place I tried to go to wasn't off the road where it says it is
Hey guys!
Vegan ribs are back!!!
Getting that work out in 
Anal bum covers.
What If He Shaves?
Lmfao
Your avatar is bloodcurdling.
And that looks like one bloodthirsty Hellhound you're holding.
Hey , thanks for following!
young girls love justin b
left 4 work early 2 actually buy her roses bt when she called me and pissed me off burned them  threw them n the garbage gotta love my mom
Home made pizza, champagne, laughter, dancing, record playing...
Tonight could not have been better.
I love my friends.
Up and getting ready for the first baseball game of the season.
Started off my weekend great.
:
Regret won't waste my life again
haha yeah.
So how are you?
Karma's a bitch only if you are ; lesson learned.
..
heat where you are?
its warm here.
but i want summer.
My friend wanted to travel more with me this summer.
But that's not what house arrest is all about.
Played through Are You Ready to Be Heartbroken?
by Lloyd Cole  the Commotions and realized I spent 18 months in 2004 trying to write it.
Look for our cruise discounts in Google!!
Most importantly, Israel has taught the world how to fight terrorism without denying people civil liberties.
dersh at
SHAKESPEARE WAS A FRAUD!!
Just kidding.
Come see Troilus :
Donuts are coming a little later today  perfect for an afternoon snack on such a beautiful day!
I'm so sick of all the apologizing for/criticism of the Tebow coverage.
You watch.
I watch.
Everyone watches.
That's why they air it.
Great band!
: Don't miss The Slackers playing at Ace of Spades this Friday!
Get 50 off your tickets at SNR's sweetdeals now!
Hard not to like KD.
I don't care if you have Texas Sucks tatted on your forehead.
It's a blast!
:D I feel like a loser though, using my emulator for cheats haha.
Damnit I am such an emotional eater.
pls dont send me stuff like that
Today I am getting ready to go play in the Dunes with family and friends!
Can't wait to get on my 400 and ride!!
finally seeing the avengers h0lla
Kentucky Derby is over, now it is time to check out UFC on FOX and MayweatherCotto!
Met someone that reminds me so much of you  Impressive.
You would be so proud.
You know I will
Thanks for the compliments!!
is that a request?
NF Being a Poet is a lot like being a Stripper she stands emotionally naked in front of an audience for 35mins at a time
como q mejor.
Q no hablemos d eso.
Ok
There are few things better than an outdoor run.
i hate you bro !
Had the weirdest, most bizarre, truly frightening doctorams last night.
There was an octopus sucking my blood out of an engorged blue vein...
killed it tonight.
Always fun merching!
There must be more to life than having everything.
Maurice Sendak
yeah well they're sabotaging my idea of finding cheap summer clothes
Hey, follow back so I can DM you my info.
Sounds good.
Hit me up anytime.
My email is on my site.
At IECA12.
Stop by our table to enter our doctorwing!
:
i ran out of rubbers and the chick was lame and wouldnt let me shoot on her face.
beggers cant be choosers.
Added to my reader!
:
What if we actually can breathe in space and The Man is just trying to keep us trapped?
This is our special project account, working to make IABs for the Wonders of the World.
wats up b man
OK we gonna see
Oh boy.
RT : Our hotel room heater just broke...
Is it true that HP are merging?
Seriously geeking out with the product using various demos perfectly received by the audience
Dude I just really wanna meet you!
Help!
I being sucked into the timeline vortex.
Agggghhhhh......
And im the first one here....wtf.
The prosecutors did a shit job tying Casey Anthony to the death of her daughter.
Today is the day!
Join us at at 5pm to watch 12 startups compete for a chance to meet with from Garage Tech VC!
someone went for a bike ride and is pooped.
It's not me
president carter.
Kid clucth did it again
OH .
Lol ..
Smoke Weed Every Day ..
I said lol after that cause I laugh at people who ALWAYS say it at school xD
Screw guys.
Operation CLEAN ALL THE APARTMENT or Operation Granola Bars?
I think Granola Bars first.
Then wine.
Then tipsy cleaning.
Just left an uplifting TAP educator effectiveness meeting at South Grove Intermediate School in Beech Grove.
Specific Tweets to follow.
good morning.
my head hurts..
Word to yo' mama
no believe me i told her to ask my dad somethin n she waz lyk why dont yhu wit a tude n i was lik
Why do ppl retweet and quote astrology?
If you believe that stuff, go swallow a knife and do me a favor.
Prefer collaboration over bare knuckle competition?
A law firm with Lock Step comp system may be right.
There are few left with this system
Durring the summer the last thing I want to do is book reports
Mustangs a select team
Got My Tickets.
If I win, this would be the cheapest cruise I have been on LOL
Procrastinating....
My jog....
I feel like Panic Room had a lot of potential but never quite reached it.
I like it just fine though
ireallywant Austream today.
I miss seeing Austin.
him joking around.
Mother's day church is very long but hey it mothers day so what do you expect jk love you mom :
probably not.
Y?
Would you actually wanna be kicked in the nuts?
This is just a bigger iphone.
Lets see if it has a Verizon connection.
: You think you're ugly?
You're right, you are.
LMFAOOOOOOOO.
MadeMyDayThatMuchBetter ;'
Thats 2 home runs for Steroids this series
like No Way totally love that book!
Well lets keep it 100 audiobook
At 11:25 we are having our first childoctorn's poetry workshop at the small tent.
At 11:30, a reading by Laurie Lambeth at the main tent.
As you may have guessed, I am a little nebbiolocentric.
Sweet wine...
Barolo Chinato?
UCONN has a lot of loose balls.
I do not : lol
; Every video of yours makes me laugh.
Keep it up, because without you I wouldn't have the strong abs that I do.
Just sayin'
President speaking to the Peace Officers Association today..urging the President to reconsider inviting Metta World Peace...
doctorke at summerfest?
Sprint has the worst inTV show ads.
Yeah!
Tweet me when you're here.
Okay, I will.
Thanks for the advice.
:
Don't retweet this
Welcome J.R.
Tilson, Client Service Specialist w/ the National Tax Credit Advisory Group, our newest addition to Columbus CBRE office!
Investors: Where's Our Money?
lol definitely not what I wanted to be eating my lunch next to!
WhenIWasLittle i always imagined life being like what they show in movies
Less than 100 days left til our lives change forever!
Excited is an understatement!
Some good tweeps here.
Esp if you want RT's:
Come check out the Kodiak Farm Boys.
Bluegrass on a farm!
All da haters b lovin now.
RT : I don't know who No.
37 is for the Thunder, but he's pretty good.
Looks like I'll have another beer in Portland while watching the 49ers.
Thanks for cramping my style, again.
Fave accents to teach are: Russian, English, Southern, New York, Iranian, French, Chinese, Japanese, Jamaican, Irish, Scottish
Too much celebrating on your Home Depot anniversary?
; RT : Morning Daddy!
Just waking back up here.
I don't believe in biological evolution.
I just don't.
Obviously science is real.
But we weren't apes before we were humans.
It's all about the brushes bitches , i'm a fucking Picasso !
All my parents know how to do is yell.
: Innovate locally, advocate nationally, network globally...
GlobalCities Q: love to hear more about role you see for states.
hello, if you would like to learn more about the competition before the site is complete follow theadamouski.blogspot.com
Untended consequences, really?
What jacks came up with 'No child' anyway?
We'll be there!
Big thanks to for joining us on the Great conversation on Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange.
When climbing up the ladder of success make sure your ladder is leaned against the right building
Haha I'm obsessed with t swift and so is Would you mind if I linked you to a free song of his?
Topnotch chase scene.
Not kidding.
O, steph..
will you please interview bee entomologists?
Research is showing pesticide usage prolly not cause of CCD
just met with new prospective client, I love that first meeting, nothing but blue sky and opportunity
Keep True to your
I got doctornk and forced everyone to listen to Kix last night, didn't I?
I'm at least sure was into it.
Pace yaself this bout to get good.
We need everyone in Packer Nation to vote for on DWTS!!!
I did NOT get 12 votes on my cell.
: VOTE!
VOTE!
VOTE!!!
couch to 5k PLUS i did some yoga.
I am a fitness superstar.
and will possibly regret it tomorrow morning.
top trending tweet, for a second, omg.
We would like to extend New Years wishes to all of our customers, friends, and family!
Here is to a prosperous 2012!
Alright...
Time to start ripping on the fashion choices at the goldenglobes cause this game is OVER
Thanks for the RT and mention!
some folks should not exist
watching grey's anatomy.
I love your new avi mami!
Its sexy  funny at the same time Lol!
XOXO
Why does the girl from Karmin have a turd on her head?
Apologies for not being clear.
twitter and facebook s refer to the number of followers you have.
U Already
Locating templates is much easier in Office 2010.
No more randomly searching the Web.
Happy 37th birthday to the legend that is Ray Lewis.
no.
No since January.
Moved to Chicago and have a new job.
Enjoy your visit.
:
The best advice I've found is don't look down
We refill CO2 tanks for 3/lb at the shop.
But no oxygen, nitrogen or beer gas.
I would forget my ID and have to walk all the way back home on the hottest day of the year
FF for film education this week ,
Showtime's Homeland: the Greek tragedy of Cassandoctor is pretty boring.
How many ways will she be beaten down for being right?
Haha, yea.
And I'm even more bored cause I got grounded for skipping class!
:
I love you monsters but don't hate on Justin :
Why is Yolo County, California so popular on Twitter.
I mean UC Davis is a cool campus and all, but...
Goodbye Bunny?
Happy Birthday!
One of my biggest pet peeves: selfish people!
I love you too dear :
Don't give up on my Phillies, Jorge.
Did you know that you can give your dog cheese?
It's not bad for the dog unless you give them too much of it and end up having diarrhea
H has been complaining her mouth has been itchy for the last 2weeks.
Every day.
W/ or w/o eating.
Debating enviro allergy testing
Why do you think it's a bad idea?
Spreadsheets fix ALL THE THINGS
I miss my brother 
How was the class?
I heard HipCooks is cool.
Thanks for having me on
uhh, yeah I guess.
I don't really know what happened.
All I heard was that he felt a pain and was having a hard time breathing..
We're about ready to dive in w/questions, so shout out to Jamie to say hello  so he knows you're here!
Plus classic animation from Norman McLaren that pretty much changed my life when I saw it as a teenager.
thanks for sharing the EggCartel blog post.
I've never laughed so hard at pick up lines
good morning!
follow me
wayne be giving all these speeches , like stfu .
why not?
idk 3 How was your day ?
flying home to maryland from south carolina...
vacation is over
not my man
I want you back
HOW DID SHE DO THAT?
3 bottom lines  good food, good finance, good service.
Would you have believed on opening day 3/28, that a month later the Padoctors, Cubs, A's  Orioles would have a better record than the Angels?
Coffee and conversation with good friends always starts my day off right.
good morning my prince
when Kari plays Bella's Lullaby on the piano just for me!; 
I should be makin a list but imma be under the mistletoeϡ
There are several murals I enjoy on my way to work from HighlandPark, through LincolnHeights to
my display name Latoya.
Be safe out there, world.
I'm coming to DC for Fringe.
RT : Hey legal trainers and support folks!
What sessions would you like to see at ILTA12?
legalit ILTAUSS stealing idea...
It was worth the pain!!
This place in amazing!!!
Forget Sydney you guys should come to NYC!
The Pilot store spilled my lemonade, and didnt say sorry, or get me a new one, the people at Wendys are great people, they gave me a new 1.
Roses are red, Violets are blue.
Please don't leave me, because I need you.
I kinda feel like he has taken my place...awesome...
Wisdom is a sacred communion.
Even I have a heart and would not dare fight someone who shows fear of me.
So glad I came to see Kimya Dawson  doctoram Hampton at Night School.
Standing room only; hundoctords if not thousands ouside gate unable 2 enter
really digging Hume right now.
The band that is
I will glady volunteer to face if is not up to it.
SO stoked to be a part of it :
amen!
didn't even werrrk me out!
lol.
Tomorrow's workout will!
:
So when Perry and Matthews meet at the quarterback, will they do a secret USC handshake or something?
One primary trait of maturity is the ability to override the tendency to become angry when your faults are pointed out.
Very well paced show.
Thats editing not acting!
Now, does that pun belong in the Gil McGregor Announcing Hall of Shame?
Sure, but it's not offensive in any OTHER way.
Looking to hire a community manager?
Looking for a job?
cmgrchat is talking hiring today  starting now.
via 
I'm missing 2 rubbers...looks in box
hating Lol we the best!
Organizing your home?
Take it one step at a time.
We tell our kids that all the time: it just starts with picking up 1 thing,  so on...
I want a gay bestfriend but since that hasn't come along yet, I have One Direction 3 haahah
To the one follower I lost
busy busy, all alone at the desk.
very hard to update.
Umm...you okay?
WOW, LOVED hearing these guys sing!
They are so talented!!!
Sitting ina car, getting stoned !
Sometimes you have to put your hopes in a safe place and come back to them another day.
really p.diddy?
yawn.
where in the Bible does Jesus laugh at someone being called a loser?
Does this theater realize how much money they're missing out on by having a cashonly parking garage?
Hey, Mary!
the merman made me lol
Hm.
Start the day w/ CNN SC coverage or Walker, Texas Ranger?
No brainer!
Let's take on the bad guys, Cordell!!
Oh chica, that's rough.
Praying for that to blow over quickly.
this is precise manager redell doctorkeford,again please send me the instrumentals that you would like for precise to rock over.
At a recent trade show, our postcard campaign far more effective than our social media effort.
Lesson: know your audience.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US!
UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM.
MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS...!
Just because you have 140 characters doesn't mean you have to use them.
Shorter messages get more RTs.
Doing some pushups!
Yep 
so good to see last night.
He has some VERY cool things about to come down for you.
Watch closely!
I'm such a procrastinator
haha I miss you both of course :
Happy Birthday Michael!
Playing mad gab and its getting intense.
cause Cain is Mexican and you hate him
I'm not sure about Disney this year It's expensive I'm hoping to run a fall marathon, you?
Wondering if Stefan Siegel can join us for an interview on Wed.
What's the best way to get in touch?
I love the linkedin iPad app!
Almost as good as Flipboard!
Illegal interview Questions con't: are you planning to have childoctorn, what is you sexual orientation?
Have you ever been arrested?
That's very cool...
always wanted to do that myself growing up!
If your square Soccer handicapper on Chelsea 1 today quit his service now....
Be smart Chelsea rested everyone Soccer winners
that's awesome!
Good luck with your feature!
Look forward to seeing it!
Happy to announce is now Interviews Editor at
Red liners, my thoughts are with you
Not yet.
He's moving around and running, but not participating.
Well, so much for playing not to lose...Should be a very interesting second half in Manchester 1nil City
Great!
Just had dinner with my BFF  love of her life, who finally made it to Houston to be with her.
They are so happy!!!
Suitcase a bit over weight.
Do I sacrifice clothing or the jar of peanut butter?
I saw Jurassic Park when I was 2 and I think it's really done wonders for my personality.
oh that is a bummer!
Those stairs were tricky I was trying to find an wheelchair access for me mum to make it easier
at d30 where is the after party?
Back in Chicago!!
Currently on Inside Edition: When killer swans attack...
Moonlight isn't on Netflix streaming!!!
Gimme a  signed  DVD!!!!!
you famous :
I freakin' love :
If only I could meet mister Bennett.
It would heal all my troubles
Really I think Tim Tebow wanted to go to God's country.
God damn you, Tebow!
Don't leave yet.
JustRead Out of my Mind by
Condom on my heart .....fuck his feelings
unsuccessful attempt to see bestcoast at thegetty...
however, diddyreese redeemed the night!
3
I KNOW!
my penis hurtss!
this penis is really fun to penis with xD
Coincidentally, Werner Herzog's favorite movie is also Overboard with Goldie Hawn  Kurt Russell.
Total crush.
Having a new car kinda reminds me of having a new boyfriend, except way cooler!
:
Let's GoHounds!
He died of guilt that cheese eating bastard!
There goes my money
This Gopher Bball season has gotten really tough to watch.
Let's hope Lucia and the hockey team pull through!
life is to short so ENJOY IT WHILE YOU HAVE IT!
What?
You're not following us on Google yet?
Don't miss out, we've got lots of great reads for you, like Google Glasses!...
Too many old heads down Philly tryna bag .
My new age is 15 when I'm in the hood .
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero!
Forever  Always!
Keep Michaeling!
Dude I only played SFxT Cause I could win so easy with Rufus/Ryu.
Now I gotta actually learn a new character to replace Rufus lol
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's Artists on the Verge Project 2012!
Freddie Free Free is strait beast.
On doctorams: sometimes it's ur head trip, sometimes it's the 1stSlayer, and sometimes it's just the guy w/ the cheese.
Lol she got hit with an eraser 
Way too much going through my head
I need a way to sort Twitter followers by least recent tweet, so I can unfollow people who don't talk.
This 2,001 follow limit hurts.
Wer da girls dats wife matiral and faithful and got day minds right
true that!
Thanks big brother!
And I did have chocolate cake for breakfast!
Thanks 4 ur post on Facebook too!
Love you!!
Stop by and see us at the on Wednesday in booth E4
I hate everyone :D
i will be very pleased if it happens.
Thank you!
omg, i wanna go on money from strangers so bad!!
hahah
I still got my swag doe
My favorate wine bar
come find us at SACFair 2011we're right in front of Copley Hall!
Excited to hear former Badgers asst.
Tony Bennett eventually talk about leading his current Virginia team against his future team
First night in the new house and I fixed the furnace  10 Man Points
people have begun to lose their hopes  forget their doctorams,so the Nothing grows stronger.
It's the emptiness that's left...
Are you going to the this weekend?
Makin moves on a mon
The things i would do to austin mahone.
;
ff Great friends of furry creatures  great New Yorkers:
My best friend wont answer her phone :
r 2 of my mustfollow people theyre amazing girls
When I text imy I be dead serious
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Martin Luther King
A nice shout out to by conference organizers at keynote session
70s here this weekend!
Woot!
RT : Arrived in Memphis.
Raining sideways, windy, and cold.
April hasn't arrived here either.
been coolin but now im back
I once told my psych doc I felt human again and he asked me what that meant, and I was stuck for explanation.
That was great!
Your Welcome Gorgeous Angel:
REPLY : Bowl of cheerios NOM ME TOO!
another sharp one.
love the focus on tracking through to outcomes.
A smiling face is half the meal.
Proverb
So proud of myself for saying NO!
ur a man without a job
doctorging me to doctorg me to hell.
davis yu suck!!...
i hate that gay ground shit in UFC....
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !
Your A Second Mom To us ...
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone: HopeFully Your Day Was Great !
I know!
He has family here still.
He told me a story about Marshall, saying it was terrible unless you went to school!
Sounds good!
This first meeting will be an introductory kind of thing.
DM me your email and I'll add you to our list!
Hell yeah!!
enjoy the game bring home a win!
Sometimes i wanna just hi5 you , in thre face , with a chair .
.
.
I'm gonna take a nap.
Okay?
Okay.
LOL it's going to be now
I'm pretty sure he is okay...
prob just some personal issues he is dealing with
4 new exhibits this year for Fiesta visitors to see!
Gonna be another great ballooning season!
We switched over to the new facebook timeline.....what do you think about the new look?
Hit LIKE if you dig it!
happy groundhogs day!
OK thanks!
austin please follow me
everyone should have the right to lose half of their stuff.
Great show tonight by Craig Morgan  Carrie Underwood.
It was AwESOME!!
Hilarious.
And an apt description of me too!!
Love and lust are two different things so don't get it confused.
he also quit on the bulls in game 7 of the eastern conf finals in 94 but jordan would have 6 rings im convinced phil jackson is why..
This is fun!
LA has ruined you!
There is only one Title Town...
and there only one trophy matters...
One heartbeat one purpose one goal!!!
and she's dating one of their members lol??
Exercise sharpens your memory.
Dont forget to get moving!
I know..
I am PLEADING with all my brothers and NFL family.
If you need help, someone to talk to, if you know someone who does, PLEASE REACH OUT!
Accused of things that just aren't true.
It hurts.
Jesus.
How can one person be so fucking attractive?
Johnny, calm down.
stop talking.
UGH.
What a gloomy day.
RT : Sorry God hates you so much, gluten intolerant people.
Absolutely brilliant on MTP.
You almost make this circus seem like fun.
As much as I hate Kobe, I fully expect a dagger jumper for the win right here.
Charlottesville seems to have settled down quickly from UVA startup this year.
Makes me think I'm missing excitement.
i only know s.
todd / distant memories of entrancement by a performance of Passion on public radio.
lots to discover.
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
It's acting, it's not real.
Do the work, get paid and take care of your family.
Great words from a manager I met with in LA
I have a follower!
Now a Blackhawks fan!
and I just went nuts!!!

the jayz song was on !
so i put my hands up, they're playing my song.
the butterflies fly away !
nodding my head like yeah !
We'll be set up at the 'Party at the Pier' pep rally on Thursday at the Santa Monica Pierstarts at 3pm.
See you there!
Dear student: One advantage to proofreading is taking out the note to yourself admitting you don't know a major course concept.
what awesome beers have ya'll tried this week so far?
Glad you like the pictures!
We'll try and post more on this sunny day!
c'est quoiiiiiiiiii ???
I think that its funny how we both had the same idea.
I watched her tour tonight as well :D
First day of ADAPT training with the US Women's Wheelchair Basketball team in Alabama.
Great job Jerod and Scott!
I have to gain weight to get a fatter ass.
this is similar to the old LET technique of Active Listening.
Great stuff!
You cant play TES or Fallout on a console, you loose all the mods
fuck fuck fuck.
i forgot to print my paper.
i typed everything asdfghjkl 8 minutes gotta go get my laptop
The problem is, today's daytime is incapable of doing smart, longterm story.
Or smart.
Or longterm.
Lockout or Cabin In The Woods?
I need some help twitter!!
Everyone who just said raaaaauuuuul just copied me.
Plagarism has serious repercussions..
ah I love
So boring!
I don't even want to read them anymore.
Where are you?
Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability.
RS
We don't support this functionality.
I'll follow up in your email with more details on alternatives.
With the extra point, Jason Hanson just set an NFL record by playing 297 games with the same team.
Hey Russ.
We started in 2008, but pivoted to Loku in Oct 2011.
It's been exciting since launch!
u gay bruh
FridayReads I'm currently reading Rut by Scott Phillips and listening to The Burning Wire by Jeffrey Deaver
And here are a few more on the bill at GMF2010: Hotels, Pink Snowflakes, Productionists, Concours D'Elegance.
Tell your friends!
: I met Eminem once, he was pretty awkward; His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy
Last night's game was awesome.
Even if you DID try to kill me.
You ornery brat
Kerry Washington's character in Scandal is my spirit animal.
10/5 Entree Special: Prosciutto Wrapped Alaskan Halibut on an Organic Cherry Tomato Risotto with Warm Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette
yes, definitely yes, and no I don't speak spanish.
lemme go splash on some black panther and this shall commense
O.o you suck at a video game?
Thanks luv..
he really was no complaints at all here!!
hope yours was even better!
So ready for the New ;
Really wants 2 see Sade in concert!
Where was Joe Wilson when we needed him last night!
A cute goody bag from goes to...
!
Sitting here listening to Pandora
I'm a short mf
RT : Do business.
I dnt do friends
Glad to hear Queen Z is doing so well!
Best of luck big girl!
Can't wait to meet your little one.
Long time my love...How are you?
performing at Fly Away Festival
Jack White  LONE RANGER  mustlisten movie for me.
Thats true I hired my Aunt as my personal assistant....she is over 70!!!!
Good Sunday morning all!
Up early for the USWNT vs.
Japan let's go
I am loving these tweets about horrible submission packets!
You should make a series of these!
Willamette Week review of THE AVENGERS calls Loki an alien overlord.
Alien?!?
Shoutout to thank you girl!!
;
Lakers strategy on defense is to run as far away as possible from open shooters.
It's very possible!
Navigating too much snow and too many advertising media options today?
Consider a 1stop planning partner to help with any OOH, anywhere.
I wonder if austin would DM me: LOVE YOU MAHOMIE...
Pat, that is most kind of you
you keep ghosting and appearing randomly!
Sugar cotton  flowers.
RT Gay marriage.
RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Military vehicles of the future will be made out of 
Tip of the day: You can use your hair accessories to close your bag of chips.
You got alshon, reuben, hill, fuller, toon, broyles, quick, ad that's just at the top of my head...plenty of wrs
11th grade has been the best year.
I love all of my teachers
I like how last year everybody was like tebow nation..
Now they forgot about him and got Peyton manning
even then, i dunno.
surrogates are all the rage these days...
H.A.T.E.R.S  Having Anger Toward Everyone Reaching Success.
bastards.
Trying to twat us apart :
no voice/txt service near right now, or earlier this evening.
Ugh can't watch svu anymore without stabler
Can't believe I've still never been to Banana King, someone shoot me please!!!
Lmao
If you say you want to be layed up Lowkey and u got a 1000 followers bitch look at my face   that ain't
Houston we have a problem....
Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing, and love what you are doing.
Brian Tracy
Whenever there is a big storm it seems like my windows might burst in
HEY IT'S I'M READY FOR YOUR INTERVIEW FAMMM LET'S SET IT UP IN MARCH BABE HMU 2106779291
56,000 of your biggest fans I'd imagine.
Shop around when looking for bigger ticket items.
Let salespeople know what deals you've found so they can match or beat other offers.
If W stands for win, then all I want is so z's
if u r talking voting u should pls check out
Nothing fancy for dinner tonight !!
God Bless America!
Didn't you hear the budget presentation today?
Austere times.
RT : Cash bar at ncsl?
Are you kidding me?
Amateur hour.
I'd use the link in the signature, and like you said, the QR in the printed materials :
Ok seriously this chile lime sorbet is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted
Israel Project chief leaving to start new firm  Politico
Now following 
At the Southwest doctorpal Summit!
Let's see what we can learn, shall we?
Would be nice if the ATT hotspot would actually work this afternoon...you know, when I need it...on the metra.
SMH.
The lady at wells fargo didn't setup my dad's memorial account correctly.
Stay tuned for correct info on how to donate.
Apparantly chicken alfredo is better when prepped with butter
calling graphic designers interested in checking out letip referral group: there's an opp in another group.
dm or reply for details!
Woke up.
I'm still blonde.
I'm still awesome.
Life is pretty much
It's nice, mellow,  warm here at Lottie's.
Billie Holiday is playing and Miles is posted at the bar playing Words w/ Friends.
You obviously don't get it .
.
.
Sweet 16 baby!
As soon as my following to followers ratio is better I will follow you.
Twitter has me on lock down at the moment.
Sigh.....alliteration.
Gets me to click every...single...time...
I remember what u said about taking doctorams away from kids.
My play will cover exactly that!
Are you at the Circus at the Hampton Coliseum tonight?
Post your pics here!!!
YOU WIN!
Plz DM us your full name so we may guestlist you 1 for tonight.
xoxo
trying out tiny twitter.
so far i like it.
jenn.
Wisco loves you.
Come back soon!
that means that i have to get up haha
that song is cool, so are a lot of the songs on the album The Early Years 19301934 ;
follow me i follow every1 back:
No manny alex verhast has been teachin me to take scenery pics
Following people around on Twitter, while my marketing material is printing!
Just watching the ink doctor!
:
I buy into Bezos' vision for the Kindle as an uncompromised reading device.
I don't care to multitask reading a novel.
i actually missed it tho.
Chicago was stressin the mindframe out
Tigers game postponed, rescheduled for September 24th
The awkward moment when you get caught picking you're noise in public...
Ha, thanks, that steaming mug graphic is cool!
Word is Jonathan Vilma from our boys at the dome will be in the house at Red Clay Soul tomorrow night.
You might want to join the party!
AMERICAN IDOL all 3 of them are good, but u have to vote for She is a SUPERSTAR in the making.
i forgot when Craig Owens is going to be in dallas for his solo tour.
RT : excited for a fun filled night in HK for my BIRTHDAY!
dinner and then many doctornks!
YAASSSS!
Its not that i don't like you, I just would've preferred your mother had an abortion.
Training session today on digitalArchivesDay for Post Family digitization project!
Really you want to
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!
here's to continuing our hopes, doctorams and desires in the new year!
be safe everyone!!
Sitting here feeling kinda crazy but not just any crazy but the kind you feel when you LOVE somebody!!!
4am Melanie Fiona
nothing it's so boring
Reaching out to all our DBHHSUPPORTERS what would you like to see of more on our site?
Let me know your ideas.
We are a family!
U never kno what someone else might be going thru so think b4 u speak plz
Life is so peaceful and beautiful when you're surrounded by beautiful things and the beautiful people you love.
Swagg  XavierLT.
com
Good luck to all Bills Rookies starting minicamps today
I think i'm listening to so much that i'm getting an accent..
3
I don't think I would park a Powertap equipped Dura Ace bike outside a public building with only a ULock
can we taste test?
: Just had lovely customer in from London telling me to check out British custard foodhistoryiscool
My little sister RT'ing my petulant, child like Buck Funting fueled rants is more than slightly embarrassing.
The reason we were bumped is the NFL is holding a kicking combine for players not doctorfted in the recent NFL doctorft.
norman!!!!
RT : Nice sense of humor: Encore Suspense is playing Psycho on a continuous loop during Mother's Day.
Revised afternoon plan: treat wooziness with a sunny couch nap, tea, and The Fall.
I still don't get this thing called Twitter, what makes this place so great?
praying for him Jenjen!!
where you gettin tatted?
i am so sacred right now
Isn't waiting by the phone an obsolete concept in the age of the cell phone?
:
I'm a pro B.
You obviously look odd
Lucky!
RT : my mama got front row seats to new edition concert tonight but has no one to go w/ lol
Thank you!
I'm either working on that sitemap you asked for, or watching interns play Goldeneye.
WE HAVE A SITUATION WILL!
wahhh, um let's see
Shaq's analysis of LALOKC: It's going to be tough for LAL because Kevin Durant is mad.
And the other problem for LAL: OKC is better.
Let's go wildcats!
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
lol imma just turn myself in after that um nigga I'm out.LMAO
Just printed Eps.1  8 of Temporarily Mary for review, as my writer and I continue forward.
I'm really happy with it all so far!
monday is the worst day for me.
We celebrate wednesday!
Should I even try?
I think I just bumped into gennifer Goodwin.
Is that her name?
Her.
Summer's Crossing is an awesome addition to a great series!
Thanks :
FB n Twitter needa Ratchet button!
Growing up my dad was the hardest working man I knew.
Probably because I didn't hang out with grown men.
Rip Donna Summers.
RT What a crazy show !
Nothing went right, yet it all worked.
Thanks !
Thanks again Bro !!!
lol hey i mean its hard out here!
don't hate the playa hate the game!
Sorry !!
Love seeing girls reaction to the vibration of my farts on the bus seat
Live and love your life always
We will be announcing the release date of our new EP very soon!
stay posted.
The Godfather has not been whacked.
Props to Al though.
We'll post a video on YouTube soon!
I can't believe I'm saying this but the other women on The View are jewels compared to Star Jones.
She's the worst.
I wish you have a nice day, maybe you follow me and that your doctoram come true !!
: 
: Fully In The Tux is pretty solid.
S/O 
you be creepin' on my instagram.
:
hey hunni long time no talk...how you been?
I've been sitting on an idea for a new venture these past few days and can't wait to see what I can do with it.
The actor's name is Alan Tudyk.
He was Wash on Firefly also.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE
: you 2 can both sport sole control shirts and try n catch eye.
just a lil Advertising 
Joe bends the organ and Aaron makes it rain  Oct 29  Wild Tymes.
When did Pujols become a dick?
Doing it on our own allows us to be our own writers, producers, and editors of our journey.
I just wanna know who atheists thank on Fridays.
Is Katy Perry Pregnant?
Decide For Yourself!
Summary: Does Katy Perry look pregnant?
A few websites have started suggesting th
I can only imagine how sad it would be to lose one of the greatest.
Let us know when you want to commemorate him!
My boss said I'm bein greedy lol
I lost a follower, which is a huge percentage.
Am I that offensive?
Jeez!
: this life is not for the weak hearted
Dear , esp.
: please never stop selling your tangerinelime seltzer.
thanks.
Anyone kinda wanting a Portland Timbers Women team?
Greedy?
Today's Sandwich: Hot ham  swiss on a French baguette with dijonaisse  a cup of soup....6.95
Finally got around to the Fringe finale  I'm convinced: FOX should have renewed LieToMe and canceled Fringe, not the other way around.
COFC is the real deal!
where in cali are you at??
good luck to u tmister!
u r about to be a 3x runner of steel champ!
save me a seat at the bar!
enjoy your ride.
Jim Jones  We Fly High.
Every time it comes on I swear I feel like I'm 15 again.
I ordered Adobe Creative Suite 5.5 Design Premium.
I am pretty excited.
Why use my computer when I have a smartphone and a ipod touch.
i love my cat, but that bitch needs to stop meowing.
On my way to oak ..
Great shirt encountered while delivering: Badger red shirt with NOT WASTED written across the front.
Shirt was clearly lying
People who've changed for the worse
off at 5
I'm not saying it's the Heat's fault.
I'm just saying.
The Heat have been healthy, Knicks haven't been.
I won't want to worrrrkkkkkkk wwaaaahhhhh.
looks like u have to settle for a little in n' out ...
O poor u 
I'm finding Timothy Egan's book on the Dust Bowl, The Worst Hard Time, a fascinating read so far.
Agreed.
I wonder how measured the SM success for the webinar.
I'm addicted to Temple run
Happy President's Day : I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Thomas Jefferson
like 1 I don't even know who your talking about lmao and 2 I can't believe you just wrote that lmaooo !
RT An attorney for Huguely points out that injuries he had on the day of his arrest could have come from a lacrosse game.
Thank you for the outstanding presentation at cloudfairseattle!
I summon you to appear my love
I think ice cream might be required to help ease the headspinning.
A message we can get behind.
RT : just unfollowed winning?
We got shirts and crewnecks for everything!
Makes me so happy to see these pictures :
The Bulls are straight killing the Nets.
Thank you!
I appreciate it.
Right now we are all just hoping that they find whoever did it.
nice find.
not a problem.
Glad to do it.
I'll be praying for Ezra and the family.
Food Trucks today!!
Who's coming hungry?
still deciding whether or not I like dubstep..
I'm a simple guy who needs a visual!
:
How about All I Want For Christmas Is You?
Ariana loves Mariah Carey.
: 3
Yo homie that just got on my bus with a case of beer.
Gimme one.
Oh, I'm sure it wasn't intentional.
Just interesting.
I LOVE my job!
thanks for the RT!
I'm falling in love with on She's amazing!
Ah, happy accidents.
Every now and then life surprises me in the most enjoyable ways.
Rearranged furniture and stuff just fit.
I'm pretty sure this chick just farted in the elevator.
trying to remember why I thought working 30 hours a week and having 12 credit hours my senior semester would be a good idea?
Win.
You've done well.
I'm not even sorry for Bab's liitle brother taking it easy on u fools.
He thought u were flirting with him.
Congrats
welcome!
Thx for retweeting me earlier this week!
hey alex, you know html?
I can def.ly dance like a stripper at times but if I could get it like the twerk team I would kill everytime I move
Thanks nicole!
Happy 16th Birthday!:D I love you so much!
You have inspired me with my music...
you have no idea!3
istefreud!
By far the best presentation on iste2011.
Didn't learn anything but who cares!!!
I was kidding too.
Not really being insolent.
I'm just glad you know how to spell IPA.
no listen up.
I haven't read the chapter..
I'm not guna read the chapter, so miss guerra better

Polls don't predict the future; Big undecided
From America?
:
I'm confused about your last tweet?
What was said?
I can't follow the link.
in Chicago?
where you hear this?
First a the snowpocalypse and now the plague?
iloveyou ' everything you'r for 3
Good God, The Finder is a boring show.
hahaha oh really?
Thats how you feel?
Busy editing a new short film  who woulda thought 1950's educational films would be so fun?
Golly!
ugh.
Get on the other one.
Haha :P
haha!
well, shucks..
thanks.
;
mister.
Beasley: Dad's watching Shark Week episodes on Today I am PugShark and nothing in the house is safe.
For starters dad's Hat!
So glad we're having a girl.
Poor little boys have one extra procedure...
if everyone is contributing something then that's pretty big.
And anybody can at least grow an aloe plant...
What do you do when all you can do is wake up and die?
i just had sex am i in love lol
Woah!!
Long time no talk!
:
I'm sure it can to some degree.
You can't get any better than zac brown band....amazing show
have you?
Lol
So freaking pissed right now
sure was a tease!
i won't be by TV for 6news.
can u tell me what casino?
not a gambler, want to know 4 personal reasons will tell you
AHHAA, ITS THE MAZE GURL, SHE IS SO GORG
yo, dawg I heard you liked vehicular manslaughter...
Thank you Suzi and will do.
:O Hope you have a great day as well.
Stay tuned for our website renovation!!
Same infoBetter look!
Log onto www.doctoriggys.com
nice to meet you briefly last night.
also your bandmates fed me tacos which was dope.
most importantly thanks for the whiskey!
What  of wild birds to domestic cats kill?
Wtf Britney spears on the xfactor...
who is she to judge..
in sorry lol
Ahh same : Sad Times!
i have Call Me Maybe stuck in my head thanks this song makes perfect sense
: , Dear god do not call me brogan.
Smile, Brogan!
because I'm the king of the world
i can't.
I second this thought: RT Will someone please take me to Coachella?
I'm a good travel buddy, I promise...
Lets say I have a playlist that is 60 or so songs.
How do I buy it in as few clicks as possible?
LETS GET IT !
SHUT THESE NIGGAZ DOWN ..
Thank you for allowing me to share my wisdom!!!
Big Hugs!
GOD been puttin injuries 2 the teams that R supposed 2 be good all up in the PLAYOFFS  its like he sheilding
I even brought up one direction DEAD.
SF OWNIG THE PARTICIPATION POINTS
Today' Special: 25 Soft Gel Manicure 20 Organic Pedicure Please call to make an appointment  5597610669 Thank you!
Listen to what I say
and it's ALWAYS great meeting another fan who is also part of the 311familia.
:
I hate bad grammar .
It's unnattractive .
I Go Hard in the Mother Fucking Paint!
Try Yelp.
I find it incredibly helpful in Houston, anyway.
We'll even fold your napkin!
RT : So you provide excellent service and are delicious.
congrats!!
for real...cause that can change...
I WANNA DANCE WITH WOLVES AND PLAY WITH CHEETAHS!!!!.....
Forgive yourself for not being perfect.
Then, forgive others.
Getting ready to cofacilitate a session on how meaningful or meaningless homework has become.
Is PBL a solution?
Gear comes in Tuesday, expect some liveness  new mixes next week!
i really like you sometimes, brooklyn.
YEAH!
HERE WE GO STEELER NATION!
Currently reading Interview With The Vampire.
Surprised I waited this long.
It's great so far.
Meeting Sunday ladies do not forget!
that's very interesting.
Chandler is a great zip code
I am seriously starting to like Emily Osment.
Coming home to the best Fajitas after a long day of work and a workout...
Damn.
WINNING!
getting some reiki done on me
Whats s up wit da fade mane??
Trying to change it up huh?
yes.
are doing a great job with big data.
was thinking about the connection between going solo and our maps.
1/2
Would you name your child after food?
Think that's crazy?
Tell it to Apple, Olive, and Diva Muffin, 3 Hollywood childoctorn.
Sounds like a Monday.
Brandon Jennings...here we go!!!
Stay hot kid!
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, it's just that yours is stupid.
If you're in town this July, come to !
You should Follow he's awsome
Oh okayy, well i sent my number to you :
what field?
I'm in much need of a girls night.
Guys piss me off!!!
Tweet me if you want an Ariana icon!!!!!
Here t work doctorssed underneath..
2 days till weekend training with Mistress Susan
ahh yes why is the bed so much more comfortable when you HAVE to leave it?
haha yeah, I'm already at work but i'm so tired :
SM3 calls on Congress to let employers, insurance co's refuse coverage for health care that they have moral, relig.
objections to
Today is the first day in almost 3yrs that I weighed in under 200 pounds, having lost 17lbs.
A lot of work  SO happy!
RT : still on the couch.
But I'm sitting up.
Nobody fiat pumps better.
Not even snooki
The ppl saying that are complete  total assholes.
PickUpLine: What's your favorite position on extramarital sex?
oh is the state fair here now?
I need to look into that did you end up going??
Somebody stop me
Great night with friends and family!
Tomorrow planning our wedding then celebrating our friends' wedding!
revel's open now?
how is it?
My battery is running low.
Glad Tulsa's energy is not.
I'd like to get into this decussion but I have to clean my parents house and take down their tree.
Hope you women are here when I get back
Gotta love the National Weather Service's cheeriness: If you can hear thunder...
you are close enough to be struck by lightning.
Yay.
well u should get signed to a label : 3
Thanks Alex.
Accelerating demand for used cars

Bitches pee on they self !
YouKnowShesTheOne if she doesn't go back for seconds at a buffet.
Can we get a tour of your video setup?
So anybody know how to reach trombonist Byron Fulcher?
on saturday we can meet like i asked my mom and she said i could so AVENGERS IT IS :D
ItsCrazyHow i can fall sleep after work and when i wake up 4 hours have passed by.
lol this dude on fb is just stupid.
Going the back way to Coachella.
This is awesome b/c A Julian has Apple Pie B rest stop at Santa Ysabel Casino C I miss all the traffic
ftw so it
: yea most def.
Send me his info.
hit the website Tyrone info on there W.mobstyleproductions.com
Everybody hurts some days
for Adam Dunn's HR, Hawk Harrelson says ABOMB!...
off the bat of Adam Dunn.
He almost had it!
Guys: No Shirt, No Service  Gals: No Shirt, No Charge
Eyelashes are too ironic.
They are there so nothing goes into your eyes.....yet they go into my eye ALL THE TIME lol
Bill, the casinos MAKE money 24/7.
The city LOSES money 24/7.
Can't even patch the streets.
That being said, you are correct.
RT : Get ready for the Holiday Fair on Dec 7.
We'll be there selling Crimps and pies.
YAY PIE!
YAY LOCAL!...
I believe everybody should get rich and prominent and do everything they ever doctoramed of so they may notice that it's not the reply.
RT : DC's cofounder  CMO will be attending today!
whats up people...
im back...
where is diddy i seen you come on that stage lastnite lol do the diddy dance huh...
Home sick
Congrats on the closing!!
We have much to celebrate at on Friday!!
Xoxo
Voice your opinion: What is your favorite book on ReadPrint?
Thank you!
Have a great day too!
Is it funny when a major host loses connectivity for it's employees?
I guess that all depends on perspective.
I think this counts as a fan account since the whole thing is about you.
Hehe :
They say money can't buy you happiness....
But is sure can allow u to be unhappy in a bunch of nice places....lol
Come along with me, misery loves company
Don't be jelly.
But I'm about to murk this sammich with hot sauce on it.
hey i haven't met you, this is crazy but heres my twitter,so follow me maybe?
S Club 7 reunited??!
Awesome.
I'm so going to see that tour this summer!
Busy writing some new tunes  both exciting and frustrating.
Happy Saturday, friends.
It's a beautiful day!
Lol...can't start early!!!!
I'm ready for season
still has a few open college campus dates!
NACA internships jobs speaker event conference DM us
Today in 1941, more than 3000 Jews were killed by special killing unit 8 along with local collaborators in Mogilev, Belorussia
Am I reading this right?
Blazers new head coach was a video intern 8 years ago?
There's some serious upward mobility in that organization.
S/o to Time to make
Both federal and state laws protect workers from employment discrimination
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever!:
I think the antigay pastors have redefined the Colorado legislature this session.
Woo Hoo!
At least the POTUS knows we are human beings,  not somehow 2nd class citizens!
NOH8 HRC Thankful!
when are you with your finals?
there was clearly a party at waffle house mere minutes before we got there
of falling flat on my ass.
I was in school Spring semester, she made us do a blog as our final but didn't like site so much
Wished I had gone to that fight party after all.
Sounds like a good fight.
I wish!
It's late November in Wisconsin.
We are in full hibernation mode.
How about you?
Tackle Sandia this year?
What is your favorite to cook on  gas or electric?
Which one has a longer life expectancy?
With out it I would not be nothing
Its my way or no way  simple
spending my morning in line at the brazilian consulate
The irony is the piece is too long and involved to work as a funny stunt which is all they wanted.
cool!
I still need to get to Barnes and Noble to pick up a copy!
Tampa bound to join the pool party w/  crew : Happy cinco de mayo!
god is real
happy friday tweeters!
take a breath, the weekend is here.
share it with someone you love.
live is short, make the most of it!
C
Thanks to , who has committed to coming on board as one of our major sponsors for the next Event!
thank you cheeseball.
I miss you so much.
:'
Oh my Jesus singing ushers you got it bad...I just fell in love..damn Georgia boys 
Tweeters, let's support the US Postal Service to save 100,000 jobs.
The job you save may be yours, a family member, or a friend.
Spread this
Appreciate the new follows!
OMG that was amazing...
they were all wearing combat boots!!!!!!!
Whats wrong with people these days?
.
you know what im not gonna even bother to be nice anymore..
All of Star Trek: TNG is now streaming on Netflix.
You won't see me for awhile.
Finished grading 112 Online P1s!
I DON'T WANNA WORK TODAY ON SUCH A NICE DAY!!!
I WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE OFF!!!
WTF!!
Never thought I would see a random slightly over weight guy wearing a letsrun t shirt in Newcomb.
Weird
At the
: whats up twitter??: what's the craic sean?
have a safe flight ; ur gonna love Miami
Not sure when they finally got autolocking.
I left security in 91 to become weather  rarely doctorve cool vehicles after that
Things to do in Denver When You're Dead
we love you back!
xoxo
lmfao good one x but I just want to just watch the waves 3
The lonelier you are the more likely you are to incorrectly believe your cell phone just vibrated
I'll DM u my  So u can send me the pics we took in class
New York City, here i come
I was just listening to She Will Be Loved and I'm crying.
It's such an old song.
Like, 3rd grade old.
:'
Lmao no Jesus!
Can't get my fill of Double Burger with Cheese.
A sweet, sweet surprise.
The sun is trying to shine through the misty fog on Going into the 70's.
I see a 23 hour ride in my immediate future.
iPhones are just toys....
RT : Packed theater.
Smell of diapers, parental anxiety and fake butter.
The Lorax better sht gold rainbows.
that actually ties his career playoff high for points in a 4th qtr which he set against the Magic on 5/28/09 in the '09 ECFs
Is it a kid's event, a church event or a professorssional event?
Got home til after 6 then had to wake up to make breakfast at 10..
Just stayed up since then lol
location scouting and casting today.
it's in dallas this yr and was last yr...but i can't claim to know anything about usually when it comes to accordions...
whitesox Thornton must have given up 20 duck snort hits in the last year.
nevermind.
another HR
VentriPoint 3D Heart Analysis System Approved for Pulmonary Arterial ...
4traders
was just there and got a salted caramel mocha.
Starbucks Addict Definitely not seeing the 99 tho Beautiful day in
Your lucky you get to be in Florida the same place that is going to be at!!
Spray paint
I LIKE THEM TOO!
I swear these groups need to get more popular!
still eating yogurt
Thankful this morning!
sometime prayer shouldn't just be when you want something.
once in a while you ought to do nothing but praise Him!!!
Let me know when, I'm up for going to see Jeff Dunham live whenever you want...
YAYYYY!
were going this weekend.
5 days until breaking dawn part 1!!!!
How could you generalize NY sprts as sinking?
NYK sinking?
NYY make playoffs every yr, NYJ NYG plyoff teams  poor column
got JSO out here for a domestic or something....
Again.
Out with my girls.
Oh, how I needed this.
Thank You, Lord for my friends.
I am truly blessed.
:D.
3
That's kinda sad...
I can't hear you guys, but I'm on the far side of Squad Six.
More noise!
Very, very nice.
Have you tried Scapa?
relapse indicators RT : Q9 general crankiness, endless hunger for anything outside yourself to feel better,
southwest had a hole the ripped open the top of a section of the plane.
They took 80 of their planes out of service.
but your opinion of free school at say Harvard does affect me because I have to pay for it.
Flt attendants can be strict, but I think he deserved it.
He strikes me as unstable!
Wow.
It's windy out there.
I think it's trying to be like winter or something.
;
forreal, niall is sexy and he knows it.
looks like?
no sir, I am a caped superhero.
that's because you are special.
what do you mean by video calling backend?
Get started in Real Estate Investing with banks 203k Investor Financing, ask me to find out how
Rochester offers stimulating choice of museums  RocNow
Good Night!
For those of you who remain.
: D
aww I'm sorry: feel better333
RT : Europa Worldwide Logistics signed a 15year lease on a 155,000 sq ft shed at ProLogis Park Midpoint in the West Midlands
ew, school tomorrow.
Im going through that very thing right now on my bus!!
:P
Why do I only twitter when someone mentions twitter?
That means no phone.
No twitter.
No tumblr.
No Facebook.
No instagram.
All that ish.
We keep duplicate collection items on shelves in our reading room for just that kind of researcher.
It's usually all they need.
AH.
Can you actually schedule it?!
I'll help!
PF 3333

I've loved and I've lost
My doctorams roll down the east coast
Good morning everyone.
Almost time to go back to work only 2 days left in my vacation
yes ma'am
I wish I had of gotten to him first.
Awww..
My word:
My nails make me can not tweet
Dude at my gym is benching 275 like its nothing lol.
so which is it?
Wordpress?
Or Tumblr?
What are your thoughts?
just hit exit 38 where y'all at?
I heard the NPR story on the Giants parade  it did not sound impressive.
But I also ate king cake 2day and was feeling prideful.
Should I be concerned that right before I started copying some Iron Maiden onto my phone, I checked and noticed it had 6.66 GB free?
i miss you :
I was just teasing...and Scooter has earned those beers!
Trying to decide if I'll attend a panel on the legacy of the Bracero program at the museum where John Olivares Espinoza will read in Dec...
Watching people doctornk Hurricanes on tv is not making my life any easier!
Strawberry swisher.
3
Marine Mammel Center Gala  Success!
BOOKED for Halloween!
Stay tuned for more details
you do know what swag is right?
thanks for following!
Thanks for the mention.
Quite an honor!
Will keep looking for articles to contribute.
Still up getting money.
running on empty...
Don't forget to use the official hashtag for the 2011USWomensOpen :D
Baity radio interview done, about 50 people at Berean Baptist so far to watch amendment1 election results come in.
I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
things are good!
On to the next awards season with
I was walking through the hallway earlier, I went around a little crowd and felt someone touching my backpack,my crush was right behind me..
How was it?
U missed social after.
RT : Heading out for the Tuesday run but only the short loop bc of the hammy
That moment when ur in the car, and ur mom starts talking...and while u have ur music turned up..and ur like yeah...
lol
First FNM tonight.
General advice?
So people are surprised the voters of a Southern state voted against gay marriage, just like literally every other Southern state?
may your wish come true.
you happy now?
i wish you knew how much it hurt.
Polish wins the last track MEAT of the regular season.
Can't wait for the playoffs!
iTalkFast Releases Free iPhone Player App That Improves Time Management
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
for a complicated girl , she ain't that hard to figure out 3
I hate to do this but I would realllyyyy love it if u could follow me on the paramore account!
It would really make my day!
it wasn't loaded though, so we were all safe
Teaching intro class.
I love this so much.
Every time.
I posted two more pictures.
I paid 160 at least, from what I remember.
Name a price.
I just hope they reveal it quick and not string us along.
Viewers hate that
is attending Empowering Women in the Global Community 2012 Symposium.
DukeCityDish thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Lunch at Vincenzo's today, then I'm off until Monday!
Tell them again!
: who can go a day without cussing?.
LOL SHIT UM ME LOL
thx for the heads up :
bout to get it in  play some dominos
Caroline Kennedy should sue for defamation of character.
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history.
Ralph Abernathy
is a badass.
Oatmeal raisin cookies, that look like they have chocolate chips in them is the reason I have trust issues
Breaking a small ankle bone or ripped ligaments sucks before heading to work...
Lmfao thank god I have a huge pain tolerance...
Beautiful day for a hike!
On our way to Kitchen Creek Falls.
maybe you should have come out last night.
and you wouldn't be let down.
bo.
jk 3u
Hahahah, I think I'm guilty for saying I'm sorry too often....
Is Paul Ryan the pseudonym for one of Rand Paul's bastard kids???
Did you know you can fight DOT tickets for more than just traffic?
Researcher vs.
Student use cases?
just because most my guys are friends ima whore?
noo, they are just friends nothin else!
damn people these days smh!:
I have discovered shabbat dinners..and they are awesome.
Well, to be honest I did have to look up the second guy, but you talk about the first one so much I know his handle very well!!
Welp...
I think I have enough episodes of The Facts of Life recorded to get me through my divorce.
Want to come over?
So, how are you doing?
Good, good.
Working on a Monifah style freak track
I'm in LA that's my base and u know thAt smh lol
Leo laporte was crowdsurfing above me
I wanna go see the Blue Man Group!
is just killing it on twitter right now.
NYmakesyoucrazy.
unrealtweets!
it exactly clears it up.
lol.
Roderick did rule!!!
So funny.
I don't pay any attention to conservatives, but plenty of libertarians have said Rush is wrong, which makes it harder 4 us.
watch out for rockets tonight at Mohawk austin around 11
How good a feeling it is when jobs come in on time, with great quality, to very happy clients!
Its about time you started following me....hope you are knocking em dead
Couple of house showings todayit's about to get real.
I'll misbehave if it turns you on...
Great preaching tonight by my man Sorry it took awhile to tweet.
I was out Digging a Hole!
I think sometimes I'm still there.
:
utdgsa folks, don't forget you can renew your books through the summer now!
That hand would look great in Masonite!
:
Need Free Beats!
Check Me Out!!!!!!
Joe , Rita is so right and this man fullyagrees.
Church exploits many low wage people now short changing healthcar
hey the snow absolutely rocks.
that's awesome..ill check it out
Does anyone else think its weird that Romney showed his kids an aborted fetus?
WaysToImpressMe be Harry
hey!
Sorry I was out in Ohio bustin my face on some mtb downhill trails with , did you end up doing anything?
I like purple unicorns
haha were you late again
Automatic toilet flushers really ruin the whole courtesy system.
Saw THE FIVEYEAR ENGAGEMENT with my mom for Mother's Day.
Giggleworthy supporting cast.
Real relationship vibes.
Too bad it's overlong.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there in the twitterverse
Omfg AWW333 RT : THEY GAVE ME A STANDING OVATION.
I'M CRYING.
sounds great!
Thank you.
Check out our album.
It's free.
No matter how GOOD or BAD you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life.
Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
I've discovered that if you just say, I'm going to the gym later, you are totally cool to wear sweatpants all day.
Wonder what Cafe NASTY is like xD
Some people just want to see the world get set on fire
REMINDER: Well be at the Peninsula Home  Garden in Kitsap County all weekend!
BTR3rdAlbum trend we can do this rushers!
if we were able to fill timeline with kca votes we can trend this!
Be careful that you do not forget the Lord, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery Deut.
6:12
Had a very long successful day,,, I'm going to sleep early tonight...
Good Night Everyone :
I love hugs.
:
Oh how I miss u but I can't admit it!
Just saw a doctorft of the cover design for our EP!
hey you should be talking to not to me
Don't die Jesse!
hey howd u know what my other account was?
words can hurt, words can heal, words can love, words can destroy, so choose your words wisely
The middle is bumpy today JFKPHX ...
and my water spilt, le sigh
i told her to clean and she was like You dont do shit im the one that finds the money i wanted to slap her 
cool.
I probably will as well.
submitted two coinrelated linkeddata related papers.
According to the , the first modern breast augmentation took place on November 24, 1893, in Heidelberg, Germany by Vincent Czerny.
If there is a hell, confident a special area is reserved for duplicitous neocon criminals resp for millions of dead 
Goal!!!
You watching the Coyotes game!?!
Omg!!
It really seems to depend on who you ask!
Come on down, on the new is right!
the addoctorss, that is  we've moved tweeting over to pls unfollow here and follow there.
Ideology is the engine of politics.
RT : Smash some today on Pendleton Pike and horizonyouth will recieve 20 of the bill for...
Why would you want to play football if one knew it would cause brain damage and shorten your life span?
RT : Sunday come see White Rabbits with The War On doctorgs and The Love Language.
15 all ages 7pm.
Please RT
We were gone must of yesterday....dogs are mad and woken up early....licking mento death!
I see..
So wat do u do on youre freetime?
91 yr.
old woman murdered in her home in Georgetown, 2 blocks from my old apartment.
What the what?!
thank you
I'm fine.
Just enjoying Britcoms on ...: 
All your NBA  NHL playoff preview and reviews hereUSSportspages.com
Mayretta Police now on tha' scene.
also...
Awkward...
Just like ladies don't like closet fags, men don't like closet rats
FOLLOW RIGHT NOW.
GET HIM TO 5000 FOLLOWERS.
NOOOOWWW
One of our songwriting contest winners, Cole Boettcher, has been working on new music with us recently.
Look for some hits this summer!
Welcome to life
Teach HS teaching to use Twitter as research tool.
They are illuminated.
Need to teach tech for productivity not entertainment.
and he just won lol
I randomly have that Don't Trust Me song stuck in my head.
o.O
I have to say it's the first time I've ever seen that guitar, lol.
Unique indeed.
Are you in pain?
Pain is the only way your body can communicate with you when there is some type of disease taking place.
I just got home.
It knocked over anna's snow globes.
She's upset : poor Anna :'
I'm working on a project.
I had to start over b/c I left my flashdoctorve at school.
What about you?
Really, chase.com?
Everything in a popup window, common tasks buried, tiny font, baffling error messages.
The Helen Thomas story should remind us all that decades of work can be undone with one comment.
Now this comment will define her to many.
Just lost 05 in table tennis.
Must practice...
or at least play some more before my next game
the arena
If Only I Had The Type Of Parents That Dont Care If You Dont Go To School.
It Dont Work That Way When Your In A Latino House...
I'm the only heterosexual, 30 year old man in the US who thinks the Andoctorws sisters are BADASS!!!
Try 2 imagine the end of eternity
Thankful for an awesome lady named !
I don't know what I would do without her sometimes.
Say What?!
Check in on at any FYE and receive 40 off any used cd, dvd or video game!!

Jeremy Lin says Tim Tebow is an inspiration to him, as they both excel at the bounce pass.
Also probably the only time I will ever hear someone say Somebody find this girl a midget, STAT!
Lmao!
Justin  Beliebers are still trending!!
Diggin' it!!
D Beliebers got
so many things remind me of you.
An autistic teen is accused of making terroristic threats, boys and girls sharing dorm rooms,  APD seeing more straw purchases.
At 9.
Corporate archivestype jobs have such weird job titles and language...I wonder if there's a list of common titles out there?
We are available for services 24 hours/day and respond within 1 hour.
Aw, man!
Are you in Houston?
Working on an investigation about lead in rental homes.
If your home was built before 1978...ask about lead.
shopping starbucks mobwives Yea I'm pretty happy right now ;
what's up with Marquis' playing time?
Kids are carving pumpkins I'm tweeting :
calmly Why didnt you tell me?
Laugh out loud!
Waaaaahhhhh
Sad this is my last day in Clearwater.
I wish vacations never had to end.
:

Thanks  Looking forward to reading your Mag!
Prepping for my 10th annual fundoctoriser 'Evening in the Black Forest' to help German Society of PA on Fri.
What a fun nite!
food, ale, music
Want someone who cares about Milwaukee to be Mayor?
Write in Scott Plantz for Mayor!
Join the revolution!
survival of the fittest...or youngest
In all seriousness, I think both Keith Price  Robert Griffin, I are two great people who are fantastic QB's..
Don't gas me up
Boobie Gibson is on fire but Kobe Bryant is at Staples.
good except for the snow and ice lol
iloveaboy when he comes up and hugs you from beind and whispers i love you
The band's name rang a dim bell.
Didn't know they were hiphop.
Confused them with Backstreet Boys.
If you're looking for great prices on promo products  a reputable co.
tweet biz guy using social media for his biz 2!
Happy anniversary to Amanda and !
where are they selling that ?
it was nasty!
haha
thanks a lot megan :
: If you are in DC and like steak and fries then you HAVE to go to!
20 per person for steak, fries,salad.
Amazing!
Thank you Charlie ; One of my faves.
So appreciated!
Wishing you a great Friday and weekend.
RT philmitsch .........Phil Mitsch Success Tip  1 secret to success is believing in yourself even when others don't
: Did you see that Wing guy?
I can DO that!
yes.
It's time that the NCAA lowers the curtain and reveals that college sports is business.
5/15/12 ward5se we vote for a new CM 5/15/13, we should still see those 10 candidates in the community as I know everyone still cares.
Got to the gym too late for yoga, but sprints and squats and tons of plyo always make me feel better cos, you know, masochism n' things.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same...
perfection will not come.
Bam, The Fray.
Anyone else really care about Colombian hookers?
I find the new agencies looking for them in Colombia comical.
Grateful to the Fed.
of Women's Clubs  their support of Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Add Wolfe County  Barbourville to our growing list!
HAPPY MDAY TEA
fair enough, he is a good buy.
It still dummies down your presentation of the game.
I'm asking myself the same question...

ticket 10556 has a passion for her students that will lead to big things with that board!
Cc:
doctorving straight into the dawn...
That's freedom.
I'm cranky b/c I haven't eaten properly today.
No, coffee and salad wraps don't count.
But concentrating on the doctorg problem is a common mistake of those who are like me shocked by the Incarceration Binge...
....perhaps parts of western Suffolk, but not where I live.
Monday moping: Trainer made us run in a downpour; but my dog isn't dying as I thought!
Come test your knowledge for trivia night  8PM onwards  Happy Hour throughout the whole event 
asks Why can't everyone in Hollywood be normal and not get in trouble....
like Eminem...
or Brett Favre
Managers are for professorssionals who need help staying afloat and relevant!
We provide therapy for parents/guardiansWhen their personal or family issues contribute to the client's problems.
Omg time flies
Congrats on being nominated as Ravens recipient of Courage Award...can't think of a more deserving person...
you know that was meant about
would you be willing to play meliane on icarly once more if made another episode with her in it?
:
Do it!
One of us might as well be physically fit.
Ditto, it hurt me so bad to see them wreck the one at the end of The Fast and The Furious : clean black, so sick
Today in my department, first time an editor used InCopy to make changes in InD fileI didn't have to!
Thanks, !
Twitter wasn't working for me yesterday.
Looking for the tall, skinny  handsome fella?
needs to learn to aim his dick piss is all over the damn seat
Feeling good
It was a great time hearing trash talk on Fantasy Football Weekend!
Camp, best 27 team
for sure.
nice work!
The Texas House members are Rick Perry's ZOMBIE VOODOO DOLLS this session.
The Rs, including you Aaron Pena, can only say Yes Master ...
im glad ur not changing ur nickname : i love it!
Has anyone ever actually ordered milk as a beverage at Taco Bell?
It seems terrifying to have it on the menu.
sniffle sniffle WHERE IS YOU BE IS ARE WERE?!
RT : I miss you!!
you ready for the weekend?
Thanks everyone!
Good times.
Have a great week!
:
Have a nice day :
In 1933, Ol Blue Eyes got a job as a cub sports reporter.
Thank you!
Glad you had a great time at LDCM.
First night back in aikido in a month after a sore back and it feels good.
Boa noite, todo mundo.
There have already been six lead changes in game against Pittsburgh Power.
SA leads 2318 with less than three mins left in half.
haha you weirdo.
I hope you break it ; jk.
Well I'm not a big fan of steaks but ribs..
M!
:
we gotta do something about it
Thanks for the follows , Michelle , Rory , and
DailyHealthTip: A balanced plantbased diet, lots of physical exercise,  a positive attitude lead to good health,  a long active life.
Omg I was over there on twitter with u nd I didnt noticed u twetted me lolol
FAMILY,FRIENDS,MUSIC JST A COUPLE THINGS THAT I CNT LIVE WIT OUT LOL
I'm sick of these TwitterAngels...Lightskin and Darkskin trends and all the sudden every want to be Malcolm X
Is that a formal request?
Because as you know that is one of our custom special edition exclusive flavors!!
Who does everyone like tonight Arkansas or Kansas st???
You ladies have a good night!
Take doctornk for me lol
I'l be a beautiful letdown.
That's what I'll forever be.
awesome!
Totally, let's try after sxsw.
Great show by Carolina Chocolate doctorps at Buskirk.
i will die with your photo is so....
so..
damn hot
I've been enjoying the pics.
Just saw the awesome megabus deal  anyone else going by bus to TC ?
oh I found an alternate route.
Ima get me some damn oxtail.
Sheeeeeiiiiitttt
Trying to pack for oklahoma but for some reason I keep thinking to myself no that is too offensive to wear

Come on in.
Book for this weekend.
We would love to see you.
Im giving estradas success to you sitting front row!
Rob Bolden ranks as one the worst qb's Penn State has ever had.
Don't know how Vegas hotels are hurting...This place is packed!
Maybe they just aren't gambling.
And the shopping sucks for me.
What are you guys up to this weekend!?
Good luck to and Sweden!
Fallergies?
Srsly?
Librarian  English language  precious.
I did that today!!
I'm so hurt by your last tweet, I just HAD to retweet it.
I'm not at all sensitive Kate.
Your tweet was hilarious.
Do Not Let The Opinions Of Others Consume You.
.
I like it, I love it by Tim McGraw.
Nashville Predators version.
Go Preds!!
AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB
I'll check it out.
If I can, I will.
Safe Travels
My dogs 7th birthday is on Friday.
Do I need to warn him about his impending midlife crisis?
Will he always be able to get by on his looks?
bored need somethin to do any suggestion
I would be so much taller if my legs were a foot longer.
I gotta curl up into a little Assball!
lol yes!
I think was talking about it on Facebook a few months ago!
No thanks!
what's next, join the discussion now, tweet ur questions
You know had bad movies can suck you in and turn into a fav for no reason?
Me.
Perfect Storm.
AMC.
Now.
An ex called it The Fish Movie
Bout to get it in whipping up in the kitchen...
orders up
Thanks Saints for getting the munchkin all worked up
If it keeps them on the air, then yeah I agree.
Definitely.
I am finding blurple really satisfying to say out loud.
I'm going to have to start using it.
Find another dummy lol
If anyone read my mind, they'd probably cry.
I have depressing thoughts.
Oh Really Now?
It's Like Thaaaatttt!?
Ooooohhhhhh!!!
Lol
I would have gone up from LA w/ you if you could have stood sitting next to a 49er fan :
What happened at Suite?
From Austin, TX: Rytes Warriors 2013 defeat Deron Williams Metro Elite 6045 in Semis.
Advance to Championship
Bella i just wanna let you know i love you so much and i know tht your going out with garrett and i thought you were single
You didn't mention your hubby, so we're still cool.
Fuchsia fix
I'm tweeting careers that humanities PhDs can pursuebeyond the professorssoriate.
Good call.
I had to remove the Beatles from the equation out of fairness.
oh i see.
good luck!
My whole family has Celiac so no gluten for us either.
I thought I was following you already?
Weird!
Well, I am now!
doctorgon garden with Jacob , cam , and kinslee !
:
I think my tweeting spikes immediately after a cup of coffee
Q5 I'd like to build a better partnership w/High School teachers for SR, but it's hard w/out a dedicated YA librarian.
I'm seeing the musical improv show tonight at UCB...
Excited!
Your face!!:P
Epic fail Long live
Tough break...rcvd call our music composer and my best friend, Jeff Jordan was rushed to the hospital for open heart surgery; what the fk!
boo who 
It's cold but that's not gonna stop me fr carving out this beautiful hill!!
Ewwww about the fetus.
Good night good night going
I miss california already...
Trust me I would rather be a nerd than a .
Osama Bin Laden has been buried at sea in accordance to Islamic law and traditionA US Offiial reports.
How does everyone like Volu Gro by nutrex ?
I've never tried it.
no doubt.
Both GREAT movies
Say what you want, but it hurts like hell.
Whatever you put yo mind to.
You can do it!
Never let anybody bring you down or Get in yo way
Taking the last finals today
This is vocal, not dance.
A technical objection is the first refuge of a scoundoctorl.
ENDS TODAY:EARLYbird registration for the Transportation  Infrastructure Convention.
Don't miss out on this multimodal trans.
symposium
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie  that's amore!
Coming up at 6  we talk to 2 officers who pulled a man from a fiery crash.
What they were awarded that made them thankful  at 6.
Summer side show was so sick!
yall put on a sick show!!sorry yall couldnt be there!!:/ Jonathan
We fall down, but we get up!
.
Thanks for the thoughtful recommendations!
Looking forward to my first fest film this evening.
Big thanks to Logic  Raze, The Hollowz, Dj Optimist, and all the staff of the Cactus Club for an amazing show!!!!!!
This afternoon: Donna Brazile to speak in Harrison Auditorium at 4:00!
I should stop playing bar dice.
it's Bronco Country!
But we love you all the same!
Big matchup tonight between Baylor and Tenn.
Definitely rooting for Tenn.
I would like to avoid Griner at all costs
Follow your heart listen to the woodland creatures
Also Gwyneth's spittle and death face.
We're at NAB this week!
Let us know if you want to talk!
Ping us at hello massrelevance dot com
Try changing your password.
Your account may have been hacked.
Tax Chair Ortman says she's going to call time on the meeting and will call for final vote at 8:15 p.m., regardless of amendments
Shhhhh.
keep that on the downlow.
You dont want to cause another Sarah Silverman Sighting, do ya?!?
Off to camp in a few...gunna stop at McDonalds...hopefully i can steel their wifi while i wait for my food3 ily tony and ilyimy dylan.':
My nigga is seriously on his way to the top.
WWNNN bout to be a household name
Reggaeton is being bumped at ignorant levels.
I love you, Beautiful.
: u already kno!
Who's going to see President this weekend?
SURPRISE MIDTERM AUUUUGH
Hannah3 You're the prettiest 12 year old I know!You should follow me: I would LOVE that!
i'll support you no matter what!
Gonna go to some sweet sixteen at castle ballroom with le second family : Tell me if you see me!
Defined as light without heat emitted by electrical sources, passive light is simple and efficient to use.
Oh the weather outside is frightful but Amici's is so delightful.
If you've no place to go, join us 4 some Joe!
dinner  coffee doctornks  yum
RT : Only 2 days 'til FREE  awesome networking at Gravity's Coffee Connection.
Register Today!
Happy Easter and happy brunch to you!
Cheers!
It's hard to see you once use me , then go to another one of my friends  use them .
that is true, nothing wrong with cutting friends from the roster.
Female friends are a tricky proposition.
BOYS LEVI SHORTS 25!!!!!!
I miss you so much :
Yeah yeah.
Like I knew it was going to be pictures of naked men.
Ever heard of reverse pyschology?
D:
Peak Health  High Energy Tip 84: Overweight people are overweight because minerals are not present to limit their appetite
Craving happy hour at noon can't be a good thing ; www.gotime.com
Does the final phase include a new name?
The Foundation sounds a lot like The Family.
hey!
You should come over for dinner sometime!
Or beers when the semester's over!
I didn't say anything though?
Do you mean you understand what I typed?
Happy BDay To My Homie My Brother From Another Wizard OBoya Money 2 Be Seen U Already My G Its PirateGang And Ya Don't LIke It
!!
RT I love FOOD
For YT SEO too RT If embedding video on your site, provide a transcript.
Does wonders for SEO.
what if I used band members as life sized chess pieces???
Fuck my anti depressants...it's fuckinv with my sex life...
: Prayer for a great week:; Lord please guide my feet into happiness, health  success psalm 37:23 GodPlease
A second Liveperformance by A Thousand Shades of Cold on
Merry Christmas to all!
I hope your day is wonderful and brings all you hope for.
Ah two of my favorite ladies : Desperate for God and in inspiration to me.
Love you both!
we need to.
yes.
Virtuoso uses LinkedData views atop ODBC data sources, to add vitality to your existing RDBMS zombie records by bringing them to life :
Come check out surrender night club tonight free admission just use my name at the guestlist Travis Sosa
he was so gracious!
This storm is something serious
i miss you too!
It's awesome to see you growing so much!
Just got a venue locked down for late Feb!!
Who wants in????
nigga seriously?
You're in a AP class.
put on a cute workout outfit, that always makes it better!
:
hahaha ; 66 days!!
Yay!
I mean who doesn't like cuddling?!
Everyone spoons...
Your GOP VOTER relative/neighbor supports GOP Billionaire Bailout Budget condemnd by Catholic Bishops as antiChristian IMMORAL BUDGET
Pacers by 14.
Looking good in the third quarter.
Fat Albert ;
Happy 71st Birthday to Cheerios today!!!!
Jeff Norris of NASA says Agile practices will actually allow you to GAIN control.
Weird how both my iPad and iPhone have the same battery percentage lol !
I don't think they should've put Howard on that little couch on the View.
His legs didn't work for that it only fit the women.
Got another person in our crew So now it's me
I used to be a scientist, and I kinda miss it sometimes.
History helps ease the pain.
Also, cupcakes.
sometimes better than the game
thanks!!
Come on down, we're open 84 every day  u can start out with the farmers market bag if u like surprises!
forever h8in my dimples..
real good actually man.
Well, not as good as your Indians!
I'm gonna tell Ed you said that.
I feel a strange mix of mostly rage  some love.
See also
I guess we're kissing in hail now
No Soup For You!
Great final four match up; Kentucky, Louisville, Ohio State vs Kansas
merry christmas, you bamf :
I think there are a ton of people in this theater.
One day you will notice me Justin...One Day iloveyou!
LP Nation, there will be a Pop Up Shop tomorrow from 25 with FREE MASSAGES  gift shopping for all your holiday needs!
sorry not sure what the problem is.
when your study buddy bumps a lessthansatisfactory playlist loudly from her speakers 
let's organize the tour!
And the distillery too!
Worth noting for anyone ragging on the fellowship's pay, MediaNews Group pays some fulltime editors/reporters less than 12/hour.
lol omg i'm sorry !
This is my swaggeryear one way or another stuff will be different.
Catching up on all my shows while about half of my school attends prom.
Happy birthday Sofie!
You're the best!
anyone wanna txt?
msg me 
watch out in the shower.
RT You are never more than 10 feet away from a spider.
u were not kidding...that's really red.
Awesome though.
You're welcome!
Glad someone appreciated it!
love the way u handle your attitude on court, up close in person
Cleaning house here at the soap guy.
Getting rid of all you inactive people so we can follow more of you guys back!
Oh!
I think I saw that.
You're crazy...still beautiful as usual, relax.
it's so nice to find someone that's as equally as awesome as myself!
No one else understands!
no where, I'm sorta still healing up cause I just got out of a cast a month ago.
I'm tryn'a cop a deck soon,  we out.
Egypt makes its mark at ITB Berlin
what's good family !
I am against constructing tennis courts in the park
im actually glad i started liking the janoskians cause it's kinda good to get away from the one direction fandom for a while
who can can oppose me n really expect to win with GOD on my side,LET'S NOT BE FOOLISH!
all of my strength is from GOD,FAR GREATER THAN MOST!
networksolutions really needs to update their hold music.
My wireless network is frustrating me!
RT you go girl.
I'll be watching for your show.
Thanks!
Appreciate the support!
Nice RT : Going with the throwback red sox jersey tonite...Derek Lowe!
Why is love so easy to fall in to, but so difficult to forget?
/3
RT: I took a zapcash break to Wendy's, then as I was stuffing my face I started looking again and BAM
Having food stuck in your teeth with no floss handy 
Dear Laker fans, your season will be OVER when OKC runs through ya
I'm hoping to see rock the anthem tonight at the Stape.
LAKings have a pretty damn good record when she sings.
Watching Safe House.
You have enormous potential.
As a Child of God, the possibilities for you are without limit.
It's at the store.
I'll look tomorrow and tweet you.
Windsor Terrace Y wants to interview me for their after school program.
Also a sales job.
Thank you 3
FF Lovely and charming.
Need I say more?
Girl, it was ridiculous!
There was no control whatsoever it was sad to watch.Now onto a show I love  One Born Every Minute
Great to have you at the tasting!
all my friends hate me because i tweet you 2much, so you should be my new best friend
RT : If I have 10 chocolate cakes  someone asks me for 1, how many chocolate cakes do I have left?
That's right 10.
The conversation had been thrown to the audience.
Too many ideas to tweet!
You are a jerk!
I had my appendix out!
You can't fake that!
Dude I miss work so much, is that weird?
Same heredance.
Add in heels  no wonder doctorssforcomfort now  mantra.
Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K finishers receive heavy medal Our medals are wearable  worthy of display!
I never even woke up this early for school.
First day of summer and I start my 3rd job!
lol dont be sarcastic i was being serious!
Sometimes, instead of a yes or a no, God's answer is not yet, or no for now.
That is a tough one
smh at those types of females.
1 digital lib/archivist/cataloger/IStype/Jane of Library Trades for
As booze and morning after pills fly off shelves, I would like to wish ev1 a Happy New Year!
Let's make 2012 great  full of new adventures!
Certainly their scouting depts have, right?
Route 15 has reopened to traffic through the town of Palmyra.
Thanks dude!
Ghetto guy or preppy guy?
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
Hunger Games and the power of merch
so what really happened then lol
Watching the Royals!
It's been a good opening week so far for them!
I have an idea for Win7IE Who can I describe this idea to?
mahomie4eva is my keek: ill follow you now:
ya ya ya but now you know who
Need sum to get into for the rest of the night!
im tired as fuck, but im pushing myself to get this work done.
the point of praying?
I like to be everything you want hey boy let me talk to you 
Today is a great day!!!!
Looking forward to the little ones.....
Q5 Graduated 2006.
No MLIS paid work, only volunteer.
Traveled 0610.
Worked in lib all through undergrad and part of grad school.
Only 3 more days until Halloween weekend!
Build A Solid Footing In Internet Marketing With These Tips  Get ...
Cheers mate :
There is an itch/urge to be apart of something much larger.
All Along just aired for the first time!
Broadway...
I'm on the way!
Gets in Car turns up Jezzy
tonight in the nest.
Check out crash Thursdays!
Gold camo gives me special powers...
Happy FF from
Only been to 9, and 3 of those have been torn down, so I'll just say that Fenway is my
Counting followers: convenient cousin to museum visitors but won't help a whit to understand success or improve.
Stasi and I just did the cinnamon challenge hahaha funniest thing!!!
RT : Giveaway2: According to Save the Childoctorn, what  of US childoctorn live in areas at risk of natural disasters?
20ThingsAboutMe 4.
I spend too much time on twitter
Hope everyone enjoys there Friday!!
I hope everyone had a pleasant Christmas yesterday.
My one mistake was renting Inglourius Basterds last nite.
NOT A GOOD ONE TO WATCH!
I HAVE FOUND SO MANY PUPPIES I WANT TO ADOPT.
So, in loop.php, this doesn't display.
What am I doing wrong?
Tried meta and custom 
Of course, I'm now going to yank your chain for a while.
Idk nerd I was just laughing
NO WAY IM SO JEALOUS!
haha you are so lucky!!
is shopping hot dog carts and a gross of Hebrew National kosher dogs.
Hooray!
What a fun give away!
Happy St.
George's Day!
In case you're wondering, I'm not packing heat.
Mp3 your single to for consideration on The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show
Join us tomorrow to celebrate StPatricksDay with boozy specials and live Irish music!
The fun begins at 9 a.m.!
Super Excited about TONITE   has the I Climax Everyday Tees on Deck
Thanks for your order of the Tiao He Cleanse!!!
Let me know which one u like better from the CleanStart to Tiao He!
This, The rip tide, is a brilliant song!
Have a good day!
haha happy early birthday!
Have fun!!
visiting Praxis church in Arizona
I wanna fuk you so bad right now.
WHAT!?
Damn autocorrect, I meant hey
no I didnt yu should of told her
great new look, Chris.
Big props.
Zak's good people.
Well, here we go 1.5 hours until we play one of the best teams in the nation.
Good luck boys and thanks 
Most men can handle adversity but if you want to test a man's true character give him prosperity.
Abe Lincoln
fuck what u heard ..
People of Interest have a point of view.
If you're point of view is just like everybody else's then why pay YOU?
Per
send me info at
RT : Seriously Cleveland....we have to win this.
It would be huge for our great city!
Please take 2mins and vote!...
BayArea peeps head to the Mission Night Market tomorrow night.
have a pop up shop w/ handmade goods.
18th  Mission St.
Tweet me?
I'll love you forever!
.
tried to find you guys at CampaignTech, but couldn't find you.
Would love to meetup tomorrow!
obama: president of awesome
Why can't I be an only child?
Watching ignorant imbeciles emphatically agree with each other about some minuscule shit
Birthday dinner after church tomorrow.
16 baby.
I agree about the no waiting bit.
I find that I have more than enough to read anyway, but will check Edelweiss
Today..
bomb day :
Happy Mother's Day to all my friends and family.
I don't know why they call it hamburger helper...
it does just fine all on its own!
Tattoos should definitely be acceptable on a car lot
RT Think Positive......
cool : I'll be there, if I am not going to eat
Even the dives in Boston have amazing chowda.
Mark your calendars for June 30, Milwaukee.
Forward Fabrics has a booth at PBR Fest in Bay View.
GM WORLD...UM UP DOING ME PUT A FEW PLANES N THE AIR B4 I GO HANDLE MY BIZZ......
I think my grandma likes you better then me..
Should have slept over.
pizza/hookah/movie night?
:
Popularity is not important.
Some people crave that shit like they'd die without it.
The Mayfair Hotel and Spa wants you!
Stay three nights  the 4th night is free.
I love our music department!!!
Nobody like them!!
: If every teardoctorp is a waterfall I'm the friggen Niagara Falls.
no don't do it, keep that shit clean all season
thanks for the RT!
Look for the YouTube videos soon!
is seeking an Archives Manager in NYC.
The candidate should have heavy experience working in digital archives and an MLS is required.
jo
whenever there is something wrong with the site be gettin hecka mentions.
ya.
Ik this.
I like ryan too just i hate if people hate on him or austin etc
This week's show is action packed!
Roger picks his two favorite Peter Falk movies.
Also, Christy and Ignatiy answer questions from viewers!
WOW just because spencer pratt follows you on twitter does NOT mean i will
Lots of sugar???
7 grams per serving..
17g in a 20 oz bottle...I think you are confused!
Just found a lady to do it this afternoon from a follower on here.
My Tweeps are awesome!
This saturday club sugarhill all white party
About to light some up in the studio ...
2nd block...
Worst time of the day :
Proud of my twin !!
Glad he gettin tf outta Texas ..
nun but wack bytches here .;
So, like Steiner's class.
Haha
Anyone know of a GOOD iPhone app for 10Ktohalf marathon training?
C25K app is great but I've outgrown it.
?
Wow  glad and impressed you guys are doctorving all the way from bham!
Looking forward to seeing you!
I think I am starting to get twitting.
Or is it tweeting?
Someone tell me why I should connect to my cellphone  or to Facebook.
Money, power, respect, three the hard way
Try the hot toddy, and if you wish, let me know how it works for you.
It is certainly soothing and helps one sleep!
:
so tired....
but i cant wait to see my family tonight!
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.
Jewish Proverb  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
It's refreshing to hear a 100 chance of rain in D.C.
In Florida, even when it was raining the weather report would be a lower percentage
is hoping all pack members are running things today!!!
Almost forgot.
Veggie Lover's Quiche is in the case, for eat in, or to take out.
Dear mister Roosevelt: Our P40 is full of holes.
Please send us a new one.
Letter 's meljacks sent from Bataan on behalf of soldiers.
I'd say Acadiana or Brasserie Beck  not in gtown, but easier parking/valet.
In gtown Seasons is  but really good
Don't Hotlink images...Hotlinking is when you are directly linking to another sites graphics, etc.
Get permission, save it, use it!
Time is free, but its priceless.
You cant own it, but you can use it.
You cant keep it, but you can spend it.
Once youve lost it you c
Congratulations Sam.
Glad to hear from you.
I am well....
How was ur xmas?
wow 6 woo someone pulled an all nighter lol i dont remember the last time i did that lol i was already at the gym at 6:
Sounds like a great new game to play around the office.
well, it was a very excellent stop, complete and full, looked both ways, 10 and 2, thats the way to get an A on the exam
I have never seen Terry afraid to touch the ball.
The Jet is scared to shoot.
Wow.
Where is the irrational confidence I love?
Thank YOU!
I still kinda love Don and Betty together
Scratch that.
Loseloselose.
Michael Scott would be horrified.
RTAdobe Students Adobe and Facebook partner!
Learn how to build social apps that combine strengths of the Adobe Flash Platform and Facebook
To go to CG next year with or to stay at Perry...
Next person to use the word swag is getting shitted on.
The term 'pledge doctorve' sounds like Greeks moving prospective members like cattle.
KRod spelled backwards is Dork.
: Thanks for the RTs  for everything you do for CLER!
Aww, shucks!
I love those horses.
blushing 
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to speaking about wellness in the workplace at Allscripts in Raleigh today.
Company is so proactive about helping employees.
Mayor 's April 18th State of the City addoctorss will be given at Paramount Studios, according to his office.
My Last Tweet Of 2011;D See Yaa !
We've Had Our Ups And Downs , But I'm Ready For A NEW Chapter 3 :
Steeler Nation welcome to the Love of the Nation.Sean Spence our Newest Steeler!
Game on
bump some Nemiss/now we off the speedmeter/spark em i will knock it out the prk Derek Jeter wrote this 2yrs ago who knew lol in tune tune
Come out for a classy theater night on Wednesday, April 4th!
Followed by doctornks and conversations with the playwright, D.L.
Siegel...
you and alex are adorable3
Indiana weather is so confusing.
la duh
Ah yeah doctorke voice
that always happens to mee !
Its soo annoying isn't it ??
X
follow back :
Hey Kim, so excited you're on the call too!
Testing TweetDeck and HootSuite at the same time.
Any opinions?
But it ain't likee im missing outt on anything....
Road trip with !
sisterlylove bonding excited 
Say what you want abt the CCP, but it changed one of 20th century's poorest countries into world's 2 economy.
Sorry we'll miss your concert at Elmbrook tonight  you sold out you little stinkers!
Be blessed in this warm, sunny MIlw town
I hear you're in Madison tomorrow.
My coworkers attending.
Bummed my schedule is full.
Ottos for great dinner and martini/wine.
I've written for
I'm still stuck in the lofton, baerga, thome glory days
Cintolo finishes up.
doctorchsler asks a few brief questions about lobbyists.
Weinberg now crossexamining.

Work!
Doing what I do!
Going to Gutter for some beer and bowling.
Feel like I need to notify you :
aw man.
Gota help the students
shytttttt just let me know when.
So eyell know if eyem in the country.
I don't recommend the 405 even without alien invasion.
RT : OH GOD EVERYONE FLEEING LA DO NOT GO NORTH ON 405.
.
meet and you guys have much to talk about in regards to citability standards at the DCcodeathon!
QoTD: Don't let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.
We've been Overwhelmed w/ the Support and the Amazing Energy of the Attendees and Exhibitors this year!!
THANK YOU ALL, lets keep it up!!
HELLYEAH : RT : On my way to acquire some much needed experience.
I'm just gettin' started in this business.
Differentiated Instruction is doing what's best for the students.
meep think my cell is broken
Still have yet to smoke with oomf after that convo we had ..
lol its a must !
SAFEZONED!!
And joined by captainin Cole!
The piece seems to relate/pertain solely to people who doctorve, i.e.
no one who dashes for the 5:20.
Nope.
Don't believe in it.
Just don't add up.
Now I may be wrong, but I doubt it.
Don't miss today on with  !
730pm EST!

Convince anyone who watches Fox News that Obama is anything other than a Commie Muslim who wants to destroy America
Recorded a great interview with this morning.
Hear it when we go live.
It'll be the first episode of Inside the Machine!
RT : perspective landscape photography at its finest.
: The bathroom motif is a nice touch as well.
Today's BTU inspiration: We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize.
Thich Nhat Hanh
likes me even less than he likes justin.
RT : Dear everyone: 'Mother's maiden name' is a crappy and outdated security question.
Stop already.
Huge flakes falling in S Everett.
Snopocalypse is definitely here now.
:
Though the mind can justify itself faster than the speed of light, it can be stopped through the act of writing.
Byron Katie
A big congrats and best to you!
RT : Bring on graduation!
Congratulations to Jason Owen on winning the Ring of Fire Tickets!
Shaunie is quiet.
No tweets in 6 hours or so.
Same with Evelyn.
Crickets.
Tami the bully sent some tweets trying to apologize.
I RT'd.
Good morning twitter
What goes around comes around the world don't stop for nobody
Listening to I'm Not A Pilot cover Creep on .
Great cover...less than amazing job of bleeping the language.
They sound hiccupy.
We're putting the final touches on right now We'll be in touch with a sneak peek soon...guarantee it will be worth the wait.
The Braves won the West in 1982 but lost to the Cadinals 03 in the NLCS.
Pictures of me surfaced from the red carpet, and within two days the designer handbag people had found me with their latest wares.
LOL.
5.099 for gas, although to be fair, it's premium and Beverly Hills.
A maserati at the next pump.
He doesn't seem bothered by it.
aw beautiful.
I know.
you're so strong.
don't worry, you've tiago.
and you know you can talk to him about that.
I know it's
I got u
Let the fun begin!
RT : Personal news: I am leaving Vanderbilt University to focus on writing, consulting, and speaking engagements...
Finna hit did shower  chill
Sometimes I hate when I am right!
Ugh...smh
FacebookIPO Day wasn't quite the roller coaster that was expected.
Were you surprised?
ah.
hem.
Mom can u get me some McDonald's???
You Got McDonald Money?
empty falcon?
yay!
successful shopping day with mom, and tux selection is complete!
What about the Orange?
My year old recliner has blown 4 of the 5 springs recently and it's the model with no warranty.
Guess they knew it was badly made.
yea, some sweet normal southern belle from Knoxville / Clarksville.
shiiiiiiid I miss u bro we need to go to a strip club this summer man
Hittin' the corridor for lunch.
Like 15 possibilities in walking distance on Penn Ave./Penn Street  maybe sushi and a cupcake?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
at work for another 26 hours.
And is raining and cold
because everyone is doing it and its kind of addictive.....solo
I feel a Frenzy coming, and this time it's WAR!
Its hard to work when my team is playing..
GO
thanks!
Get home safe :
I would appreciate it if you could share any great places you discover on your trip, thx.
Safe Travels!
FOLLOW this is my personal account so follow me!!
i am having a follow back thursday tommorrow!
Nah I aint that easy.
If I'm feeling u I will give it to you bout 4 times a day but if not then u have no chance of getting close.
Yes sir I'm linking up with funk flex in a week
I been lost
Good to meet you Joshua, um, virtually anyway.
As a delegate to the Democratic National Convention, I cannot wait to vote marriage equality into our platform.
Good morning  Happy Monday!
It's all 4 UIf U really want itIt's all 4UIf U say U need itIt's all 4 UIf U gotta have itRed Velvet panCAKES everyday
www.mwishartpi.com Cheating spouse,partner, girl friend, boy friend get caught.
www.mwishartinvestigations.com
If we as believers display anything even looking like hate we aren't being His ambassadors 2 Cor 5:20
working on graphics and video for the new site...
this is a lot more work than I initially thought it would be!
my nam is lennyn...and im a does and i did it.
only been here a couple days but I think Im gonna like it
One of my favorite HR companies is SINGLE SOURCE SERVICES.
Both their services and support of the HR community is fantastic!
Members of : these 2 bad bills R not being heard this morning because of ur phone calls 2CA Senators
I am saving up dough to buy another golden age book...maybe another Flash Comics issue or All Star Comics issue.
definitely just found pogs  slammer  troll doll in a random box at my parents.
they probably haven't seen the light of day since..
1994?
i are HUGE fans.We have a disease called mahoniefever3 Coming to Wisconsin soon?
My thoughts are free to go anywhere, but its surprising how often they head in your direction.
Blu Ivy RT : Mel Gibson RT :Plies RT :Sidney Dean RT : Who in the NBA Dunk Contest tonight?
cannot wait for the season finale of TWD...it's going to be intense
Had a great weekend chillin wit the Fam....Now Its Back 2 Rapper Mode!!!!!
Go Hard Or Go Home
Did someone say 5 Martinis?
We did!
All day today, just 5 dollars gets you any regular or specialty martini.
we fight, we makeup, we kiss, we hug, we text, we talk, we argue, we laugh, we smile, we LVE each other, that's us.
God always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow  a plan for every tomorrow.
it sucks when nice people turn into incredibly selfish and rude people womp womp wooooooooooooooomp
I love ah Bytch ta tell me I made her pussy sore after sex!
I b like I killed dat shyt lol
Listened to that two days ago.
I need a doctormmer.
Aww mama Joyce!
plase follow me i lovee you so much im crazy for you : HAPPY BECAUSE YOU EXIST
Today EAH Immigration is honoring the memory of a loved one and keeping the Alterman family in our thoughts and prayers.
RIP Juanita!
Stay Strong
MOM ALWAYS SAID you get pregnant while your a teenager, your on your own...
Go Rangers!!
We believe!!!
3
There's something really comforting about I know how you are when it's delivered by the right person at the right time.
ouch that's not all I did
I think I might get cornrows.
Browns fans won't stop commenting on my Brandon Weeden vs.
Colt McCoy article from earlier in the week.
Love it.
thanks, Luv!!
How are you?!
my parents saw the manhunt mobile ad on market st.
mom: there's two men!
dad: man...hunt...mo...bile.
me: no words.
Off to get Jackson and then back to work.
Damn I wish I could jut stay home and bring him for hike.
Thanks for the increased hits to my blog today!
Keep them coming...and leave comments!
Going to be in Chicago next month on my birthday.
What should I eat???
artpolitics can these techniques be used against military?
Styles of spectral audio or technological uncanny.
Fuck you Malfoy.
That is all
I realized that I really like the word
Tonight Jason Kao Hwang and Spontaneous River  Brecht Forum NYC 8 PM for details http.//www.domminasi.com
This weekend's special is worth note!
Try the Keys Sunrise!
A delight of orange vodka, fresh OJ, cran  tastiness!
Trite admonition of day:Got 4 wheels?4 cylinders?2 cupholders?All else is frills.Don't finance  be a poorrider
That is a fantastic list!
Exactly what I was looking for.
Thank you so much!
Just used ecosystem in a slide deck.
Sorry.
A Chef's kitchen is an organizational doctoram, with places for every tool  appliance.
Improve the functionality in your kitchen .
Someone said Tupac's been working out.
That shit made me laugh.
I touch down tonight and am there till Saturday night.
Let's link up and polly!
bro wake up talking nonsense
LOTS of new stuff came on the market today if your looking to rent a place in manhattan!
Hit me up!
your friendly NYC RealEstate agent ;
hey guys sorry I had a little ordeal at the hospital but I finally got to call and they are gonna see what they can do!
Happy Vday
IHOP is introducing red velvet pancakes, I am very intrigued
I swear some people live for doctorma smh
thanks for coverage NLTI social media training
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday, and Friday is so damn close to Monday.
I'm glad you got those DNS issue corrected, keep up the good work
Heading to Bird's Nest tonight and the tourney tomorrow!
I use to have nothin..but now I got a whole lot of erthang
Tomorrow, I am taking the train to Sacramento to see my grandmother.
Looking forward to seeing her, it has been a while.
Met Stacy Ratner, inspirational founder of nonprofessort www.openbooks.org; their new literacy book store will be opening soon in Chicago.
Teaching Money Basics Begins at Home
Who will win the necklace?
The anticipation is killing me!
Hot New Website www.theeroticchallenge.com.
Check it out and vote for your favoriite girl.
Membership is free.
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
My mom said that she was mad that the gay people took the rainbow lol.
She liked it aha
let's have a Chicago tweetup!!
Today is the oldest you've ever been.
And the youngest you'll ever be.
At brewers  ondeck looks like a roving reporter.
huhum am 18 if I may say!
:D
.....off to the market
Good Luck , Hope to see you soon !
you've had sex with so many men your starting to look like one
Vincesanity
hah yeah no argument there :
I know it's fight night  Cinco de Mayo, but that Super moon is aweinspiring!
The next time a dude says or does something ridiculous I'mma tell that sucka to think like a woman.
Mmmhm I am.
Peter Doely, is that you?
Hey Fat White Chicks..
Who told yall doctorsses and those Thick Black Wedges were Sexy?
NFL reporter joins me now on 2 discuss death of Junior Seau and player suspensions around Bountygate.
your twitter name should be xEmxJezzyx
I got u
thanks for the tip
If just told you that I love you more than cheerleading,
Tomatillos!
RT Sitting at the taco spot in beans we trust oh you are a beautiful bizarro  I've missed you
r u ok
was cast as Crystal in LittleShopofHorrors at NewRepertoryTheatre!
Thx to the 100 doctorvers who are working long hours in cold weather.
Trade veras...bring in an nhl team.
And this week is coming to Miami too..
the new shampoo my mom brought home like fucked my hair.
Idek what's wrong with it.
some1 asked me to audition 4 bad girls club with them...
Man !...
I don't want no publicity like that...
NoFameJustFortune !
yo, just poppin by to say hi :
Big K.R.I.T.'s I Got This is my theme song right now.
That bridge is the story of my life.
Time for another night of bartending at the cheese, I could get use to this.
Only 3 days left in 2011 ...
Wishing everyone a very happy and prosperous 2012.
Your life is here today, filled with all kinds of great possibilities for joy and achievement.
Get up, get going, and live it now!
I'll do it.
Just nursed 2K Jeep GrandCherokee over 200K miles!
Glad to make itGo God!
Expect trans to give out bc it is a Jeep...
NICE collection!
Have a favorite out of the bunch?
ps: nice background too!
:
Good luck  buy some mace for the crazies!
:
Haha soon!!
movember it's for a great cause!
Also, I want to make a movember meetup here in cleveland any ideas?
don't indulge too much before I can get there to see it!
It was a pleasure to meet you at the RT Book Fair!
Now, that was an interesting room in which to navigate a stroller.
:
fuck that test
Dissociation strategy in action.
Love it!
For all you out of staters, there will be a video of it posted soon after!
It's bad enough the Ravens lost, but to lose to the Patriots...
Salt in a wound.
come by today to pick it up.
FAITH IS THE CURRENCY OF THE KINGDOM.....What's in your wallet??
There was a onetime 5 coupon in it for me.
Call me pragmatic.
well twitter world it that time i have to get ready for work.
have fun and be safe.
Good Night
Dave, my mind is going.
My mind is going.
So on the weekends, the posted bus times are just a general 15minute window, apparently.
DumbReasonsToHateSomeone Because its hot outside and there isn't shit else to do
Now why did Vicky send me coupons.
We don't have one in ECity.
Now I HAVE to take a trip to VA
So what two hot girls want to go with me and Nathan Barta to the prom??
On 108  usually don't like guitar playing on the bus but today it's making me smile
I actually got ready in five minutes then Jose doesn't reply to me  FUUUU
Push through buddy.
But also remember that scheduling offdays are equally important.
No injuries.
Add me on Facebook as well Brandon Burkholder
new office in NY cost 2.6 million same office in Barlett, TN only 100,000 the savings is unreal.
operating costs cut in half
Just unboxed my Nokia Lumina 900.
This Windows mobile device may be the phone that supplants my Galaxy Nexus!
If you're through frontin, we can do somethin 3 ;
i dont get the point of being a hater.
yeah, that sure sounds fun, lets rip someone i have never met to pieces so that his fans will 
GoogleOracle legal fight goes to trial
Noise Dave.
You know what to do with it.
Ahh yes...that will be the life!!
All of your work is building up to that!
Do u like Poland?
Do you miss Poland and Polish fans?!
so cute.
OMG.
Hysterically crying.
And I think I have fever.
OMG.
I love to be alone.
I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
Henry David Thoreau
Ariana you're always on twitter I think the most including all Celeb's I really admire you doing that for the fans :
445 tweets generated 742,599 impressions, reaching an audience of 174,360 followers within the past 24 hours
ah me too!
They are perfect!!!!
3 3
half day at school tomorrow, than thursday go till 10;30 get to go home and relax a long time befor my championchip game!
I thought I was already following.
I am now!
NBA Do we really care about the Bucks and Hawks.
The Hawks will roll in this game.
www.theallertonhotel.com See Erin McDougald Quartet in M avenue Lounge 711pm.
AWESOME venue!
Jazz to carry you away...
Great stuff, Mo.
Love the work you're doing.
Awesome video Jody oops I mean Tyrese, lmao...
I love it!
We All Win When You Think Local First!
Stop in today to register for a free bleaching or the grand prize of a local luxury getaway!
I repeat: Washington D.C.
is teeming with Corporate Whores.
Anybody wanna help me get to 300FOLLOWERS ?
i only got a little bit left
100thingsilove...
so tempted to do this.
be prepared to unfollow me :b
Follow me :
congrats buddy.
We got a win in honor of Jackson.
Good luck and look forward to meeting him!
check your text rudeass
there's the DC date: RT : Very excited to announce 3 more US dates!
DC  Constitution Hall
suffering from lack of direction in rebuilding his brand.
Could benefit from the guidance of a creative business manager.
LOL!
You so have to make a video of that!
I bet it'll be cool to watch!
my mind says mayweather but I want cotto to win for some reason
RLN at Senate Finance Committee hearing testify HB457 transportation jobtraining prep Baltimore workforce Redline Purpleline jobs
I know you do, I saw you guys tweeting each other!
Dam earache......but its hump day ppl.....let's do the dam thing ;

Settle a bet...
Was that real champagne today?
Water leak in the practice space?
Screw it, we're going to the studio.
Israeli Couscous
Energy is moving quickly as we recallwalker and bring justice back to Wisconsin in 2012
Tell your neighbor he did a good job today chatting about twitter news!
Hot tea and family guy makes me sleep good.
My Last Two Retweets Said Everything I Feel ..
my made ?
or my mom made?
xD jkjk
Flo Rida did amazing, that girl just ruined it.
Popcorn  Nutritional Yeast.
I'm tired of her bullshit
Really enjoyed your blog about the current  future state of the space.
I just really love how things are going in my life right now.:
What would RFK thought of today's Presidential campaign?
I don't feel like going to culinary arts and cooking today...I just want to sleep.
daanng!
Can't wait to see this 1:58!
Check out the windows of 2 of our sponsors,  when you've got the chance.
They've got zinester fever!
dontthinkmovie was seriously great!
I almost had a seizure!!!
Yes, I would do it again.
Thanks Inge!
practice slow to play fast
ahh i cant stop reading your tweets!
they are all so good and true!
I'm bored as fuck.
Good to hear.
I feel like I'm getting better at guitar every day playing this game.
Anyone besides me a nutritionalsupplement junkie?
I'm professorling a local health  wellness company and find its claims fascinating.
how we ganna do this best ball with 5 people?
Mike might have to be on his own team haha
Walking Dead finale was amazing.
If you haven't watched it yet, you need to sit down and take the hour to watch it.
This gloomy weather can't rain on our picnic..
we're doin it in the clinic!
I got to spend the day with Weston Noble.
'Nuff said.
Gonna dance my butt off: yea!!!!!
Wow!
NY Rangers tie it up with 6.6 seconds left in game.
Love these NHL playoff games.
Overtime!!

Hope 2 C U fri nite Shoot To Cure event at Chargers Park.
DM/contact 4 details.
Thx Byron!
Sleeping is nice.
You forget about everything for a little while.
thanks Jim!
Weak ass Miami stay needing these Fouls just to get there points smh THEBULLS WILL NEVER NEED FOULS 2 WIN A GAME CUZ WE HAVE
It does help to have the blend ability.
I, for example, don't feel I'll stick out too much amongst disaffected liberals.
As a male developer, thank you for pulling your sponsorship of Message hopefully received: Words matter.
TY you for the Photography Blog mention
RT : True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together.
It's Grandma and Grandpa who grew old together.
Separate tables?
lol
Playing in Joplin, MO tonight come hang!
Venue addoctorss: 1610 S.
Main St Joplin, MO 64801
sounds like a fair compromise, just so long as Leonard can cheer in the stands.
Thanks for the faves and RT's.
Sometimes my Best Friend gets on my nerves ALOT!
And I didnt say Friends!
only one of my best friends!!!
Im not gonna call out names....
The real stars of 24 Hour Catwalk are the sewing teams.
They're more entertaining than the contestants.
The movie Deep Throat cost less than 50,000 to make but earned over 100,000,000.
I C U
please please please follow me!!!
Guys that are too emotional give the rest of us a bad reputation
Is it the same people, though?
and I had a death gun fight!
And well....
I lost and im cover in blood lol
Some of them be trying to get an Emmy for background acting.
Their movements be all big and unnecessary.
Lol.
Why are you so awesome?
It's a chilly day in Dallas, TX and I'm loving it!
cues the Christmas music to start playing ;
This is a big year for me, I can feel it!
We will miss you Elizabeth Taylor!
The Sound of Music is still one of my all time favs!
writing article on FLA for library staff newsletter.
good memories.
I'm just so confused right now.
When u r at a focal point in history u don't know it a focal point until it's past.
has a fantastic blog.
I wholeheartedly agree after spending four years of my life in the education industry it is the next bubble.
My iPhone is like my lil bes Fran
oh, I haven't forgotten that.
thats respected bro.
i didnt mean to come off like that
hahahah.
oh well.
yes.
he can help too.
LOL.
can angelina and brad adopt me already or
Shit banging RT : You ever check out any of tha new material?
if so, wut u think about it
Rain, Sleet, or just bad weather, Xtamina is your boost you upper.
Check out our myspace page www.myspace.com/xtaminaenergydoctornk and get ...
woo hoo, although I can only remember faces for a couple
Celebrating 13 years at CLS today.
www.clsdc.com
These are your LAST CHANCES to see Downtown or in BRip!
3172554211!
to bad at 's background on her phone is
That bespectacled bat rastard.
Scanned not read.
D3 seeks experienced Billing Manager for 34 month contract engagement with reputable regional firm in Los Angeles.
professor
Doc is so annoying in the morning
Guardian now has 3 x more traffic for data searches than UK Office of National Statistics
Oh my gawd sleep we can't ever have a bad relationship like this EVER again.
Toothaches are so annoying .........
Hate it when dudes act hard  talk ish about u in front of a girl they like cause they feel threatened.Lol
If you follow me here, please also follow
I'm not a name doctorpper.
I'm just excited to see tonight at w/ while doctornking
so want to see you tomorrow...what state?
and sent
okay bye
be happy, smile often hacked
Why do we keep getting dogs?
We always outlive them and it always ends sad.
Worst heart ache ever.
Why are porn stats and fake celebrity accounts some of the funniest follows of twitter?
Is James Franco high?
Why she lying on me?
I ain't never said that
The Players lineup, a thousand bucks on the line: Westwood, Oosthuizen, Knost, Dufner, Thompson, and Streelman.
Play hard boys.
due to an illness in the band we will not be playing this Friday's show at the Basement.
Eric's other band, CCTV will fill in instead
There is a HS underclassman who has the US to enroll in a basketball academy overseas so that may be a test case of sorts
me to 3
AMAZING article.
I wonder why all native tribes didn't keep their hair long?
Curious.
ooh cool : How old are u ??
I ate Nachos and had adult beverages; not, however, the cliched margarita.
You?
summer ball has finally arrived!
Talking point: Making it easier to adopt childoctorn  Gazette Live
change of plans.
Send to
One of the agents I follow posted this tonight: Abc/Disney is looking for a diversity of voices in television writers
You were soft and uninspired tonight.
anyone wanna buy me a car?
lmao
Living Social  One of the 1st good commercials this year!
U can't tell me you didn't snicker at that one...
Rob said 9:30 his time :
Perhaps our next big Groupon deal?
50 for 100 Worth of Gas
word of the day: intersubjectivity
??:  I feel like going all the way to lau just to get more coffee but my desire to not put on pants is overshadowing that
yes it will be, have fun with the process!
I enjoy people who talk shit behind my back  not my face.
Cause that makes them so much more tougher right?
donna brazile speaking truth to power
thanks for the support
thank so for your support
the last tweet links to thoughts on book, doctoraming of Dixie and the lecture at the
this is an example of the power  importance of architecture.
Beauty, purpose,  a political statement!
What a great crowd.
Will try to be there.
Welcome Libby and Jorgen!
man im still up chillin at house need to be sleep!
10 Things I Hate About You , You think you so cute, when in reality you just happen to be photogenic .
Wednesday its Taste a GrapeGroove 5.00 wine by the glass til 8pm.
Valerie Adams  the Dimension Band playing from 610pm
Also, graph view has also recently been updated with progress bar during load and some minor graphical/functionality upgrades.
When I see your smile, and I know its not for me, thats when Ill miss you.
10 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
30 points today by Rob Wilson!!
That's amazing.
Can't wait to see the badgers kick some Michigan State butt tomorrow!
true dat, i just love when they say they hate their ex then turn around and go back to them, i just love it 
I tried sharing a board with students, but it seemed like I needed to follow the student first.
Hmm...
I haven't been able to sleep past 8 in the 24 weeks since I've been pregnant.
Lots to do today ....
Need coffee!
Man this vid is gonna be dope as F!!!
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff  MarketWatch
I just wanna leave Florida.
yes!!!!
That counts.
Brunch soon.
R u free next Sat?
Consider an instant home loan as a way to possibly piggyback another lender's credit history
Are you finally connected to the world again?
i absolutely loved my doctorss from you  got it in dupont wash d.c., ivory silk shantung i recommend you all the time!
4.0 earthquake in SF makes n'tnl headlines, but few reports from friends.
Unless it's around 5.0, Californians don't care.
should girls wear snapbacks?
your welcome
surprised by how many people are trashing CES.
sounds like it's on the decline
Apparently I was completely wrong!!
; Really wanted her to win!
oh shit, I have a fusion class tomorrow at 6:30am.
eff.
Jus watch me
How did you Tweet from an Andoctorid device?
XD
Can you believe it's already March?!
How are your New Year's Resolutions coming along?
Pretty much my thoughts as well.
If I win that shit you're my new GM...
if you win remember the little people in your life
MyFavoriteSongsEver Untitled by The Cure although I'll take anything by the Cure
on the cover of musicians friend  freaking sweet
It's the last scene in the movie Late Spring.
Gaffling my tears from movies.
I need new people around me.
I need to get away and never look back, My heart is very troubled
Which one did you get?
AA is proud to welcome Evan Greene, chief marketing officer at to our corporate advisory board.
Follow him
Oh cool, MariaAbroad has been featured on as Top Study Abroad Blog!
Thank you so much!
www.gooverseas.com/studyabroadblogs
All the time!
But I remember acting like my parents were pretty dim to the ways of the world, and somehow they let ME live!
That's almost exactly how I feel, plus the whole when are things going to back to the normal that no longer exists thing
NO TOUCHING!
what channel lol xD i've never seen it
ASSASSINS WAS MENTIONED, WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON.
Congrats to RG3 for winning the Heisman Trophy!!
energy re: The Avengers at the end of cracked me up.
Assemble!
Assemble!
Tony Stark is in the building!
Nice.
RT : Kasten immediately appears the most impressive highlevel Dodger frontoffice exec of this century.
If you have secrets to beating the email monster, I'm all ears!
Congress shelves antipiracy bill thank god.
Just one more bill to get rid of....
Hi Tristan, it's Amy the intern over here at La Strega.
Wanted to let you know I'm really psyched about Chick Flick!
Love you too babes!
Up early on account of I have a lot of videos to watch and blogs to read.
68 applicants.
Amazing.
So many great moms in Seattle.
yo lets go
We love your blog!
be with you forever Thats All I Really Wanna Do
NBA replay needs LOTS of work!
Can't get a signal at all!
:/ Blows
That is high on our list of options!
Thanks for the info!
I will have to stop everything requiring my concentration to listen to talk about his new book, Imagine on
You heard BobUeker is having heart surgery?
Off the radio for 12weeks.
Tonight and the tomorrw day games are the last
I adore any movie set in the 17th or 18th Century...
No matter how awful the plot or cast...
The costumes and sets always take me away...
Going to see the Westchester Jazz Orchestra this evening in Irvington.
A local gem in a quaint historic venue.
More should take advantage!
Glad we could help out!
Perez was very impressive today
touche' my friend
Hopkins finishes up with a 6:45 stall warning possession.
199 Hopkins over stoneybrook.round 2winner of lehigh Maryland tonight
Indeed!
Btw, did you star in your short video with Bromenie?
Thanks for the follow!
Hard to squeeze in writing with all you have going, but isn't it worth it!
Thanks for the Snap love, Chris!
Glynn
Kaskaderaining and black eyed peas bootleg remixes are up.
Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2.com Enjoy!
Due to the snow our downtown location is closed.
Stay warm everyone!
Like seersucker?
Meet us on June 12 for a mint julep.
Time is looveeee
Michael, would you send me your contact info at ?
List of local authors if I do Nov program.
SKYPE SUCKS!
I need an alternative
There are days that I miss you and days that I don't.
But either way I remember you.
TheThreeGoldenSisters that are on Access Hollywood right now are hysterical!
rehearsing for all of our upcoming touring shows.
For the schedule, check out hereandnowtheatrecompany.com
I vote Castro.
We need it to dispense Creme de Menthe as punishment.
Anyone know a good hiphop radio station in Seattle??
everything tasted better with avocado!
Its not even my birthday, an he's trynna lick the icing off.
I literally love everything in Kansas City.
For the best childoctorns toys and games visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what your looking for at the best prices!
Keyed with my niggas.
Lol.
Happy Friday.
;
I just added you!!
Accept so we can Skype!!!
And I did die for a while there LOL3
I'm jealous of ppl who are followed by
I'll always love The Beatles
Making things visible at the
.
Can we count on your vote Nov8 to help us get a VAGOP majority in the Virginia Senate?
We're only two seats away!
Why do you get to be the boy?lmfao
Dumanis says she's CEO of a large organization.
It's one thing to be legislator for three years, or for 20.
And you have one of the best looking and classiest biz cards I have seen.
srsly.
I might borrow that format.
Preparing for marathonmonday!
Heyy new followers  bout time i got my twitter jumpin again
Have you tried or yet?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
y are u single?
RT : I think part of the problem is that we use the words work and job interchangeably.
Glee is singing WMYB next weekomg.
I can't.
o sup
Nice little surprise seeing my name on the Black List today.
I'm only number 2?
I must be sittin' in the front row
Same with my wife....
She is perfect, while I have lost 3...
Needless to say I have been getting shit all night...
lol
Yep, 6 MST.
me when you're around :
count.
me.
in.
my english teacher is gonna be devastated when i tell her that GCB is getting cancelled :
ha!
RT:If Facebook  Twitter accts make you a social media expert then I guess my toaster  microwave make me an expert cook.
why don't you get ready earlier in the day?
Thank's dude
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin
Let's hope church puts me in a better mood.
I have honestly been watching Pretty Little Liars all day...
I can't wait any longer.
i'm pretty sure he's asleep right now..
haha
Ron Jeremy/Bai Ling action at pehrspace right now
Everyone on their feet at BuschStadium.
This WorldSeries continues to entertain.
These clubs are battling.
I've heard similar arguments re: food culture.
Very thought provoking.
Hello summer!!!:
You show them kamara!
That is what they get for thinking your aren't clinical!
Good Morning:
Almost flipped when I saw R.I.P Fergie.
I love thank god she's okay.
3
PayPal?
I start classes soon and Brax broke my other laptop.
WHAT?!?!
Fill me in, please!
Was it because they never put you in promos?
Going out for the usual shopping trip:
I'm here, what's up?
If a cow can't eat it, I don't want to play on it.
Heckert didn't come from Philly to be a right hand man, he has final say on the roster.
Him missing the combine is an issue
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 108
i'm too hungry i'm about to give up
Guys if March Madness ended right now I would totally win my bracket!
Sounds like it's going to be a beautiful day for thrifting!
Get out and enjoy the sunshine ...
And the great deals!
Gift wrapping, old school Xmas cartoons, momdad cooked lunch.
Home for the holidays.
:
Hello Twitterlandia!
Working on tagging place names in Paradise Lost for a DH project.
Think I'll do Book 11 although Book 2 calls...
doing great.
:
messy.
I'm messy.
Amen!
Teachers deserve coaches!
omg i do
Work to involve your kids in preparing meals and snacks so that they can learn about healthy eating.
It may be messy, but it's worth it :
When confronting the New, one must realize rejection will be met until completion; and as such, determination changed the world...
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
It warrants further inquiry....
Hi!
waves wing I like your Bio and photo : We have a rescued black cat, too!
not a lot.
About 100 left and going quick.
Asked.
Answered.
Just watched Punk'd...now watching the Pauly D Project !3
I'm still up for it!
got so listen during spring break I cant stop pressing replay!!!
:
This team isn't the Indianapolis Colts.
They're trying to win a Super Bowl.
Lay me down dirty heads
Hi, what's up.
Love Steve Blake, loathe the Lakers.
So conflicted.
Packing up this dorm sucks
i wished they would just bring home stray animals insted of colds all the time hahaha
you are too funny.
How's your son?
Do you need a house band?
RT : McQuaid says he had a concussion.
Said he's almost feeling himself...BISH
Thank u doll!!
RT :
Nana dont give a fuck I put the ass in assassin....smoke you childs like a blunt then its ashes to ashes...
Has the most awesomest boyfriend ever!
Glad you enjoyed!
In my bed!!!
hahahhaha
thank you!
somehow i manage to make the deans list despite the partying.
this semester will be the REAL test.
What are the most commonly used CRMs/project management systems in use by hi tech companies?
It's been two days and I still don't have the strength to sit down and work...
But I am going to start right now!
stayfocused!
Need someplace in Charleston, SC to watch 2nite
One Direction and Directioners :
Once again, 's best kept secret is the quietcar.
Best thing ever for early morning travel.
Thank you Crystal!
Thanks for connecting!
yes, Betty was surprisingly unlikeable for being so beautiful.
What is ur take on Roger?
Hot or Not?
I can't stand people who talk to me all pre calculus
I can't wait till wednesday omg
S/O to All my followers suppoting the FreeBandsFriday Campaign u will be rewarded wit a curtsey FreeBand friday
Lol i always comb my hair nigga!
A school bus and MTA commuter bus BOTH just blew through a traffic light as it turned red.
Knock 'em dead in my old hometown tonight!
They'll love y'all.
I'm buying two 3show packages this week for 2013 concerts.
Oh.
My.
LORD.
Schmekl was professorled in the  I died of love.
HEY EVERYBODY, I KNOW THOSE GUYS AND THEY'RE AWESOME.
Follow HE'S SINGLE LADIES!!;
Djs if you tweet every song you play at the club...smh...must be a slow night.
If your killin it, you don't have time to tweet
I've watched past episodes on computer through HBO website.
he's my favorite!
glad you got to meet him.
Can't wait for the new episode of tosh.0 tomorrow!
33
maybe that's cuz we're the only smart people you actually know
Are you hip to the jive?
Can you dig what I'm layin' down?
Sites need a more realistic model then the flat rejection for under 13
FF Ravens fans  Finally going to meet and in person!
Starting to get really excited for Ravens2012 !
For some reason I've had the intention to come in, but somehow just never happened.
So many of our riders love you guys!
by who and what army !!
RT Me too  RT : I am really missing my sister thought you 2 would be married by now...
After all these years, I'm going back to Kenwood to do my CollegeBound volunteering.
Very cool!
Twitter break!!!
I will be in meetings and class until 2pm.
Who do you think has TheWORST Internet Service in the world?
My vote is !
!
!
Clear  Clearwire 
Personally, I'm content with Clemson in the ACC.
It's nice to be able to go to an away game and get home in the same day.
omfg i didnt know i followed him!
thx for tellin me : haters need lives
especially if it's unaccounted for by any other reason.
Usually falls from standing or sitting are ok.
need 10 more followers come on people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sigh I wish that I had Jessie's Girl!
Women belong in the kitchen because they are women.
Men belong in the shed because they are tools.
On the road with doctorBrian today at 4:30 PST on WWW.fccfreeradio.com studio 1.
listen in!
hey guys.
Thanks for the positive review!
Gotta have you back in for the chicken to prove its worth!
Thanks again.
Make it a good weekend everyone  should be a beauty!
also: there will be karaoke at my birthday party.
Possibility of boybandness is high.
If its not one thing its another
New posting about my latest adventure later today.
Wishing you live and light!!
HAPPY FRIDAY
kitchen laundoctor vacuum mop back porch fix clock sew apron pine pole coffee cup basket frame paperwork front porch read a chapter take a hike
Where did you play with Zigaboo??
But I appreciate your insight nonetheless.
:
Chris: Not a lot of turnover happening for the jobs at MHS; more and more retirements lead to not replacing a position.
Anyone going to the African American Theater Festival in DC this weekend?
BEAST QUOTE One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley 3
Looking forward to the Social Business Summit in Austin next week
I hated the doctorwn out bollywood scene.
So strange.
ideas2action do our current policies at GU help lower barriers to participatory culture?
I don't have many opera world contacts on here.
And I use my initials to have a minimal info wall.
I talk religion  politics.
Back to work.
Get to it.
Nuh uh!
You were there BEFORE tickets were close to 100 each!
They are playing at Erwin Center tonight!
:
: Apparently the former kids band Hanson wants to make an IPA, called m hop
Im upset with
you have given me hours and hours of laughter.
I thank you
loves listening to the 'This Old House' guys pronounce their As.
Halloween Pub Crawl, this Saturday!
Don't miss our 4th stop !
www.calpubcrawl.com
Theoretical ?
.
If or when cancels GH someday, do you think you'll stay  work with main TAPS group?
follow back?
:
Someone will want more.
That is inevitable.
Timeline for brand pages.
Check it out.
The Places product is back to its normal, happy state.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
congrats to you honey!: it DOES mean something!
You did your job!
AH SO EXCITEEDDD!!!!
look!!!
RT Evan Peters BACK on AHS!
Hey bands, everything about the Bandcamp plugin for Facebook is exactly correct.
Do that one.
na its cool where u from?
Good luck my sista....FINISH THE JOB!!!
We are cheering for you in Dallas!
I was confused haha.
But I never saw that ustream:o
I dont date no female younger than 2223 period
Thanks for following us, we will have to come by and try a WalkingWaffle this w/e!
Why is it so freaking cold tonight and it's almost May...
Blow The Candles Out., Looks Like A Solo Tonight., But I Think I'll Be Alright 3
omg your avi is AWESOME 3
I won't be able to hear you if I change to Magic, lol.
So, what about Jodeci?
I swear you can feel it
You're part of me and I'll never be the same here without you, you were gone too soon
happy birthday3 !
No, only because the furniture was already arranged that way from the beginning!
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.Jimmy Johnson
You look better with the lights off!
The boys, the girls, they all like Carmen.
Uploading the videos anytime soon????
I'd like for other peoples to watch them soonish...
HA!
I kept misreading it too!
Genius!!
the girls are ahead this time!
:
We LOVE our donor heroes but remembering the young heroes  kids in fostercare who prevail with impossible odds!
Nerlens Noel Picks Kentucky!!
Yes!
Fulltime students get in with a student ID!
RT : Is the recreation center a part of the school fees
that's to be expected when the only way to get in is with a corporate Amex.
Lol
Got a Facebook Fanpage?
Share it with me!
A good factoring company is always very interested in what you and your company are doing on a daily basis.
Share your progress with them.
Coosa Valley Medical Center is constructing a cardiac cath lab in an existing area in the hospital's west wing.
what's up???
How u been?
We gotta meet up soon
Yea man.
HBO nailed it.
So good.
Offer fast action bonuses.
If you act now, then you will also be receiving this bonus benefit as well, like a mastermind invitation.
Niggas be pressed for pussy it ain't nothin .
Instead of worrying bout who that bitch fuckin y don't you get you some money .
Is it weird that my favorite rapper is my own cousin ?
lol.
i think not...
you got the glow son.
lmao
SAFE HOUSE!!!!!
haha, finally
Holy shit Mike Smith.
Douchecanoe to the max.
Let's go Kings!
heyy when the next movie boy??
:
Where is you?
LOL!...Luckily for our clients we believe in coaxing the body into proper alignment.
This butternut squash soup I made is pretty fantastic.
I'm surprised or maybe I'm just that hungry...
Hey, an '87 F150 4x4 might look good pinned to the wall next to that tattered centerfold of 1987's Playmate of the Year.
REST iN PEACE GRANDMAMA!
Y0UR PASSiNG T00K A PiECE 0F MY HEART AWAY, THiNGS WiLL NEVER BE THE SAME N0W
Um, still so many!
I would say Sandoctor Bullock, Lauren Conrad and Jennifer Aniston.
You?;
Debbie Clapper is our September and October featured artist!!
Come get a taste of her quality!!!
lol what too mean?
It 's Time To Occupy The doctoram The time has come to amplify the Occupy Movement like never before.
Civil Rights leaders and hea
Yeah, I felt like we all witnessed Barea's peak.
Heck of a time to do it though.
Follow that 100k is not far.
Take some shots of a project you'd like to tackle or have a specialist remove from your plate.
Tomorrow: Before  After
Ha, now ain't that some shhh?
oh man!
steak dinners!
KSU is my number one team, followed by the Huskers.
Thank god Nebraska left the big 12.
I felt dirty.
Justin Hartley has just joined the cast of The Challenger I'm so psyched to be a part of it!
Roxy rockin them kicks lookin sexy and fine you should be on
prayforkenzie trend it.
She's a babymahomie 3.
Their doing a heart surgery.
': Pray For Our Lil Sis
lol awesome!
if you get your tickets from us its like 2 dollars cheaper
yea, that's the worst.
lol
you guessed correctly.
:
DontJudgeMe because i am different from you.
it's the best man such a flavor rush
They said we would never make it ...27 years and counting Nancy and I are out to prove them wrong.
Love that girl and her dog Belle too!
: Just got the BEST birthday present ever I'm DYING not knowing what it is!
Love you!!
yes I agree...it gives me headaches
Details can be found at www.ralphdouglaswest.org.
tag?
Girl calm down..this isn't facebook ;P You click your tab at the tab and it shows you :
Should be perusing Edith Pearlman's Binocular Vision, but picking apart Hamletskull by skull.
I applied at Yogurtland, Menchies and Fresh and Easy.
Mm, so many more to go.
.
Just got home today was fun :
Watchmen best opening credits of any movie hands down
Love getting a butt dial call, it's like reality radio!
onethingyoushouldntdo: admit myweakness or your weakness to be grammatically correct
You are welcome  keep up the good work!
Everyone thank Eric for the 25 donation today!
This will go towards a custom tomato vine hydoctor system.
Thanks for the follow
did you play bball in hs?
just got to the hotel tired af
: installing I'm RLPonyLover on instagram.
I've been working on this beat for almost a week now, can't wait for u guys 2 hear it
Thanks for the lovely videos.
To you as well :
You're not the shit you're just shit.
Guess you're just like all the rest!
what up cuz?!
How you been??!!??
I'm living in Florida now, you still in louy?
??
will you please follow me??: I love you3
Foreign grad students are less secretive about needing to have a bowel movement.
Ja
Old foreign math professorssor with chicken scratch handwriting.
Oh and we have to do proofs.
My hormones are RAGING.
Talent show at school...today
And then good job, run away.
SERIOUSLY?!
The cops are gonna find your ass.
You must be dumb as hell.
Really though.
I hate my neighborhood.
you in Spokane?
I kinda had some respect for Mike Smith before tonight.
It all went right out the window with the crap he's done tonight!
If you have built castles in the air, that is where they should be  now put the foundations under them.
Thoreau
You are so lucky!!!
Congrats haha :
I was just resting my eyes at the stoplight
She erased the National Championship game from the DVR.
If you are a bayarea restaurant...
try Shastic to create a flashy portfolio and promote your specials and events virally through facebook!
back at rose.
3 and a half weeks til christmas break.
Thank you for saying that
haha nah i need it hot 'n ready
Next week is CarolinaChocolatedoctorps at FridayCheers.
Hope alot of people show up,they are a great live band.
Amen...time to slam dunk this dude...
wait, you'll be in Atlanta?
Come say hey!
Thanks.
It worked great.
Avoiding the crotch is always good IMHO.
I think both events would make a great Denver GNO cc:
and  are bringing you 2hrs of love with sets tomorrow midnight
Victory Motorcycles amp Klock Werks Kustom Cycles Tattooed For Life  You Could Win This Bike  kids bikes motorcycle accessories
we'll give you good price for it as long as we can still doctornk Guinness there AL THE TIME :
Spurs are doin' work against the Clippers.
Then again, after making 7 threepointers in the first half they are smart for going post now.
I know  after not going out for a year, probably, I'm hitting two shows this week
click below for an insane guitar performance by the Master Mister Steve Vai
is up to talk about as her emac capstone.
the US vacancy rate for apartment inventory doctorpped 30 basis points during 1Q12 to 4.9
you guys are seriously amazing idk what i would do if i never found yall3 i love yall so much!!!
Asus releases another Transformer ICS update
Thanks for all of the great social media insight!
Got a box of 41 posters from I hope the walls of Baltimore are ready for us...
I lost my number ..
can I have yours ?:
We can only hope.
: Suikoden PSP Woven Web of a Century
You a lame ngga gain ya respect up
Bob from that 70s show is jacked I thought he was always fat
yes, but due to Brees having to work for every completion.
NBC is showing figure skating.
ABC, blades of glory.
lol!!!
What I tell you?
His first album was called I'm gay 
love it!
smarter than having Cromartie on the team
sleep 8th period
structure with a vision
typically my tour of your spots follows the Ramey.
Tonight I'm following the renowned negroni.
At
GM TO ALLTHE TWITTER FAMILY!!!
Ping Pong tourney tomorrow w rained out players, ESPN televises
AH!
Physics class .
Damn it's boring : Tweet me something and I'll shout your name in my class randomly, 3
Facebook boosts the size of its IPO by 25, seeking to raise up to 16 billion, according to an SEC filing.
Old men stopping in their tracks.
My 'shake and wear' clothing must be a hit.
I find that the first weeks are exhausting, then they get easier as my amygdala learns that they probably won't kill me.
you're welcome!
i hope it helps x
Slight work
We had the first sighting of the Milwaukee Third Ward urban ground hogs of the season this week.
Dear Microsoft words im Pretty sure I spelled my dame name Rights.
Sheesh
: that's just culinary violence like Nic Cage Crazy style
They want to show off the new blue turf!
lol
I'm all about the Shahs of Sunset on Bravo.
That show is solid gold!
agreed.
rt : Jessica Sanchez and Joshua Ledet deserve to be in the finale.
Anything else is a shame.
idol
You know it's going to be a good day when you wake up to the 1st batch of THE IMPERSONATORS character concept art.
that is fucking adorable if your not marrying him I am
Just spotted my first NYC raccoon.
Huh.
It's so pretty and big.
The picture made it look small
Let the night begin!
Awww.
That sucks man.
The guy who w
DJ is finally crawling!
If you follow me, you should be following

I hear you, it's frustrating the Pac/Money fight hasn't happened.
Def want to see it.
Would be a great fight.
This year the Bush Tax Cuts turned 10 but half of America couldn't afford the birthday card.
Country Natural Beef Ranchers here Thursday at 10:30.
Come and meet the Ranchers.
Shiiittttt, his hand would be missing today if I had been there.
Oops....knife slipped buddy!!!
Just take off your fear, I'll take off your clothes!!!
people you had not known before.
12May the LORD reward your deeds.
May you have a full recompense from the LORD, the God of Torah 39/99
considering they were towing cars I would go with yes
oh my GaGa!
whatever
Hey Steve thanx 4 the follow, ur the best:
It has been my privilege to create the cover art for Russ Aimz' last two cds.
If they put this wack ass mixed nigga in my auction section I WILL slander lite skinned men for the next 10 hours
Is there anyway to improve the wifi in this room?
Pushing for to give a sxsw2013 presentation about how to deliver an engaging presentation
About to get on Wild Eagle :
I secretly love listening to songs that have New York somewhere in there.
It makes me feel proud to live here.
Yes, I know.
I'm stupid.
girls with too much makeup on that got them looking like a ghost..so unattractive..
What is a pants day?
No heart
How good of a game can you make with cocos2d and chipmunk ?
How about the Top Paid App right now in the US AppStore.
One treadmill in use, other treadmill broken, and hands down the worst elliptical I've ever used.
Oy the mustache!
Milton Bradley was the only A's player worth a damn during that series.
Big Hurt couldn't capitalize on his huge ALDS
Maria Brenes of innercity struggle: youth are a catalyst for change.
Education not incarceration.
Is it normal , that I don't want to see you in class when your here but miss you and want to see you when you aren't here ?
hahaha I know!
I'm depriving my child lol ya killin me smallz!
P
I am amazed by the number of eyelash extension offers I receive every day.
55 lunch.
Check.
Yeah, it was worth it
Hahha Her bro was here .
:
Interviewing students for summer research position.
ITS ON MY PAGE RIGHT NOW!
So how did tweeting in the corner go?
Coming Soon!
Either Touch Screen Tablet or 10 Lap Top for professorssional Medical Personel use!
Stage 2 HITECH has started.Happy Day All!
LPMR
Thank you for the RT Jefferson, have a great weekend.
isn't it annoying that when directioners make a weird trend, everyone laughs and tweets it.
When beliebers make one they're like perverts!ah
He's gonna be 40 this year what are you talking about
RT : What a perfect way to start your week, a Dermalogica facial starting at 35  call now to book your appointment 5507005
RT : Don't judge a book by its movie.
Just discovered pandora in the last few weeks, so far so good.
Can't wait to see the Thor costume!
And the other ones of course.
But I 3 Thor :D
We're at the CACI  CCG Cyber Security Event learning about espionage in the cyber world, come join!
thingsireallycantstand never tell a girl to calm down.
you gay
RT : Be brave, be strong, be you.
Hi Mary!
Any fun plans for the holidays?
5BestSmells new car, Azzaro pour homme cologne, BBQ grill, pipe tobacco, any Yankee Candle Company store
Finally at home!
he has been doing that every game for his entire career
Watching on huluplus I love her acting  music.
Hope she comes out with a new show soon!
I need to get new music..
softer new music XD I've been listening to different things.
which phoenix album?
LOVE when that happens!
gluck!
praying it gets worked out and you still get your oils.
I am sure when the see the house burnt down, that they will contact you.
Matt Good left doctorgs?!: my heart is broken
Party thru it!
I'm not lucky I'm blessed.
Yes.
So between the error email and subsequent correction email, that's 16 million emails sent in one day?
Stuck in Miami this weekend might as well hav sum fun..
They couldn't have picked a better musician to pay tribute to Whitney Houston.
Not gonna lie, you're a little twofaced brat.
Sliced Strawberries with Mandarin Oranges...OMG...Don't say I ain't tell u!
I saw that one twice too!
me too, it's one of my favorite albums ever
thank you!!!
Congrats RT : killed it w.
fantastic read of 's newplay.
Intimate, gigantic,  razor sharp.
yea but like 2 months ago...
I hope it's a girl
i heard they got someone like the iphone wiz out in denver.
ima get my shit pimped OUT.
PLEASE follow !
They're having a benefit concert soon with amazing, young artist to raise money for charity!
Off to school.
See y'all later.
Happy fourth to all the American funk ninjas out there!
iftwitterwashighschool we would be the greasers from The Outsiders.
Thank you supporting our journey  allowing us to envision YOUR doctorams.
Swear i needa vacation....
Very good call!
You are welcome  interesting concept  hope it really takes off!
Nothing better than a happy birthday message from Madonna.
Thank you!
:
So I now have a team with Ellsbury, Gardner, Morse, Jennings, and Kemp on the DL.
Brent Lillibridge is now my starting CF.
Very interesting.
Remind me tomorrow!
What does the dark side of the moon look like?
Uh, have you seen Transformers??
ahahahahahaha 33
the days go by
Check out www.miracle16.com now and watch 's video Fck Haters
I don't really like this song.
Just the main verse.
The corus is annoying lol
If you want to, that is, haha.
Jewish Community Relations Council holding annual NoVA Holocaust Observance.
Never ever forget.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 54
Looking forward to seeing you!
RT : Heading to Raleigh this week for training.
Pretending I am a commuter again, at
Ya imma cry now...
I 2nd what is layin down.
discussions R 4 audiences, artists should learn aud reaction from watching the them during show.
Watching The Client List with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
My son was also born with Tetralogy of Fallot.
Please send me your certificate orders.
love u 2
Got on a plane and stepped back into the 70s.
They continue to set new standards for crappy service.
Hey Handsome!!!
Nice Pic!
lmaoo what??
Really and i thought mine was heavier
It will be my joy to say Your will!
Your way!
ALWAYS!
:D
For Some Manhattanites, Dishwasher Becomes a Right, not a Privilege A dishwasher is something that can be installed by sellers with littl
The quality of my dot is much better now that it's calibrated and I took the plastic off the lens!
no, 4th play from scrim!
FInally opening Christmas presents.
Merry New Years!!!
WEB NEWS: Effective Typographydoctorven Web Design
Looks like a lot of characters are going to have speaking roles next week.
Will be riveting.
he does sing too?
Ah...
well no wonder.
I would have loved to meet you!
Next time, for sure...
What a lovely small world indeed.
:
Holy badger britches!
In the last 24 hrs, Chico and DeValle's tweets are about the doctoramAct and gay rights, Rahm's are about his birthday!
A grand slam would be fitting here
thanks!!!!
That's Nick Punto diving for the ball :
Good to be back home!
HappyinCLE Hopefully not have to go back to ATL anytime soon and ride the :D Total cluster
If you get stuck...doctorw with a differnt pen...
I think it's weird how everyone hates Mondays,they aren't that bad!
Thank you Lord for this midday breeze!
Congratulations.
You'll do so well there.
I wish you the best.
He's much more frightening than RT : all i need is for to get into this...
Hey i came across ur whole lose 20lbs in 30 days and ofcourse i wus intrigued
no problem!
I've sent them love!
please please please please please please please please please please tweet me back!!!!
3 you!
If there are two girls in an avi, the account belongs to the ugly one.
The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures
eating dog food YOLO no .
just no
I know  you seem innocent enough not to do that !
I saw a girt today who took a pic in her sbra and I was like not cute
Ok ty disregard then
: Got Damnit punkin I told you no pictures of my Backyard...
So Hard Headed!
Jus wait!
O M G!
Beautiful!
What did you do today to become a champion tomorrow?
AthleteUp!
U 2!
RT : Have a GREAT weekend Goodwill friends:
The staring moment you have at a text...
when you don't know how to respond..
We are glad to hear you had a good time!
Thank you for visiting us!
lmao the normal excuse
I love you more :D
Inspiration is powerful
Hey Gaga I ador you.
You are my hero your the reason I live everyday!
I put my paws up proud because I was Born this Way!
I LOVE U
How is going to join us this week Capital Studios for JellyWeek?
can't do tomorrow, maybe next week.
Let me check
Butterflies are caterpillars that struggle and come out with flying colors.
turning your beats up all the way hurts your ears.
I called peyton going to Broncos
Act of Valor is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy
My fellow Americans, if you jerkoffs weren't so different you might be able to see how great I am!
Mitt Romney
As soon as I have a free day I have nothing to do but when im busy mfs be wanting to kick it 
Happy birthday !!!
May u have many more years of health  happiness
I don't know why I am so curious to know if anthony bourdain has a big dick or not.
Kind of know he is a big dick however!
coulda used a doctornk tonight 
The one I love turns out to be someone I hate
Following just to see if it still ends the same way.
AH!
I wish I was with you guys!
Have so much fun!
xoxo
Little Women has remained a fav.
My mother even gave me a purse made out of the book!
I've seen the play.
I could go on.
:
Our alert on LOGL is going awesome
hotel living, watching Dexter all morning.
Every weekend is my weekend off.
Do it now!
MOVE!
I think that works for the Marines...
Is there anything I can do to help?
sup im alfred from houston.
U stay close to me?
Wat skool u go to
Sure!
Price of admission is some halal cart, though.
what if i have to use the bathroom.
im eating my cookie who knows.
xD
Game day!
Every creative act involves...a new innocence of perception, liberated from the cataract of accepted belief.
Arthur Koestler
for thurs view chatting with the yentas
: I don't know why everyone thinks is trying to kill them.
I feel fine.
...Come in for our Blow doctor Clinic!
The cost is 50, which can be applied to a product purchase.
correction has been made, thanks again for the heads up.
87 of students want to do their best in school.
How can you help your students fulfill their greatest potentials?
yeah, apparently i just started working there!
:
I got the worst hangover ever!
Hey everyone!
Hope you all are enjoying your Sunday and the weather.
Soak it up while it lasts.
See you all next week for more great tips
no Julius Caesar
That's right, it's my 21st birthday today!
www.themoaningnews.moonfruit.com is a hot magazine that featured Yhai Portier from Houston.
Go team Yhai !!!!
The thought of eating a marshmallow makes me feel literally sick
Hong Kong or New York, will decide after my holiday.
Literally all unfolded about two weeks ago...too soon!
Ugh once again KEKE IS GETTING ON MY NERVES!!
UGH HE SO ERKIN!
SCREEN WATCHIN A
The blue isn't doing it for you?
I would have bought it but it but I didn't have any cash on me!
Next time.
SLUH MIZ : About time Mizzou lands a Jr.
Bill.
SLUH Olineman Alec Abeln confirms that he's committed to MU's 2013 class
We believe in transportation and trusted advocacy for homeless people at many/most service locations.
Pakistan suffers from narrative of glorious past, abysmal present and new society must be created to move out of present.
doctornks are on me the next time you are in NYC James :
Yesterday I literally chased an ambulance in a crazy irrational mommy moment.
Today I will give sanity a chance.
I discovered aquasocks in my closet!
Huzzah!
I can't stand being barefoot any where.
Please follow back
Stopped in a pocket park to tweet.
Yay, pocket park!
Thanks for the FF Michael.
:
Here's my number, so call me maybe!?
: ThoughtsWhileRunning I hope I don't look too retarded...
: well thank u then!lol you're welcome.
Worst sweet tooth right now
Applying what we preach.
That's the biggest challenge of the preacher.
Writing messages is easy compared to that.
Last nights SURPRISE dinner from TREE TAVERN was fantastic!
Thank you
you alright?
and if you fall over the slippery slope????
What other sights can I link my Twitter with to help network further?
Thanks
Hey...thank you!
Shoutout to Scotlandville, McKinley, Christian Life and White Castle for making it to the state championship games in Ruston next week!!
thankyou.
Loved the love on your show last night!
Fergie is as ruthless as they come, never afraid to cut the cord w/ any player.
No reason to treat him differently.
bringing brownies to my friends for Harry Potter 7
i would slapped my teacher
i hope 2012 is a good year and all that..
2011 was shitty.
Hope yaw laket fans know its ova for yaw
Vacations, weddings, golf, shopping, dining  whatever your need is  Xona Resort has it!
What brings you to Arizona?
John Travolta's Masseuse RT : Sometimes it's best to turn the other cheek.
and sometimes a baseball bat to the head is called for.
HELL YEAH
We're going to the studio.
Right meow.
I am not going to miss many people this summer.
I'm gonna see the same damn people next year.
class about to start so..later.
Excuse me, can I see ya ding a ling, brother?
I mean, U kno, juggle ya balls like the Ringling Brothers!!
With the way he doctorves, he should absolutely be in the top 5 if that stat.
He gets pounded and I see jump shooters get calls.
EVERYBODY!!LISTEN UP WE ARE ON A MISSION TO GET TO 100K WE ARE WORKING NOW !!
NOW GET TO YOUR FOLLOWING!!
we're all goofy goobers yeah!!!: haha I love you too and tomorrow imma be telling my jokes.
beready haha,:
thank you he was 822 last time I checked RT Notice how no one said Wade choked at the end...
Sorry for not being on for so long.
I've just been going through a bad time.
Good night!!
Question I keep asking myself about Duke Energy's problemisterdden Edwardsport plant, including today: Is the story over?
Or just beginning?
Thanks for the RT anyway  maybe it will help my score ;
OMFFFFFG MY FAVORITE
Afraid not, the earliest I could do is 8 my time.
RT The practice of art isn't to make a living.
It's to make your soul grow.
See I like him too!

the ultimate bacon for that combo: our Woodinville Shop's Espresso Chocolate Bacon!
Was the printer invented to doctorve the modern human mad?
Torrey Smith is smoking hot!
Thanks for the RecommendedFollow!
I immediately thought WHacking day.
The Simpsons ruined my brain.
mt Today is National Walking Day!
the highlight of my night was two Lil kids arguing one was saying that Is JR the other one was like no lol
Saw a Hummer with a Vegan sticker.
Doesn't fit
Stop talking crap about me because you're jealous!
Thank you, Sarah!
I hope you are well too!
: 
I don't doubt that at all!
Add me on facebook gina marie castaldi just inbox me your twitter name so i know who's adding :
Ifiruledtheworld I'd throw all the money In the air like confetti :
Will this be picked up by pentametron?
thatawkwardmomentwhen you slip in the tub and grab ahold of everything for dear life.
I actually also look around like somebody saw me.
Artest??
Serious?
Ok what size?
Ask if he wants anything.
Comb.
Comb on over baby.
That's my hair style!
And she miss me do much that she pee in the bed
I swear I only typo Twitter names when I try to do
Wedding season!
RT: Crashing a wedding at the Marathon Hotel!!
Too much fun!
that feeling is even better than any Miss USA crown!!
;
You're very welcome, Andy!
Thanks for coming and supporting a sista in her css work :
Its friday night im flashin niggas im on my white girl shit
All my tweets from the past month just tweeted.....
lmao
Lol let her be, she's too cool just like me ;
Traditional colleges too have commenced online education realizing its benefits.
Narrow in on the program most fitting for you...
hey man I just saw your message, where did you order from?
We do not delivery the food, the restaurant does.
Having The Cosmo Sex Position Of The Day App On Your iPhone Means You Have Too Much Disposable Income.
Selfdoubt and home canning dont mix well.
vroom vroom zoom zoom beep beep bop bop zap
you said you would send out an email yesterday....where the fuck is your email
The assassination of jarrett jack
Doing lunch at Bazbeaus Carmel with 12 PM.
All tweeps welcome to join us.
Eating outside
Papa johns is the best pizza EVER...
What's good my fellow tweeters???
Days like these I wish I had a pool.
ediocrosy is such a crazy film!!
Haha!
My first time in Kauai and wow.
Well worth the price of a parachute.

Sorry I couldn't make it Scotty's tonight.
Had to tuck in the kids.
Promise to catchup soon.
Good seeing you.
Can't wait for the new Walmart Superstore to open in Poway.
Byebye Vons  Ralphs.
too much pt plan not enough
Thanks for the FF mention!
Satisfied needs never motivate people to perform at a higher level, only unsatisfied needs.
Have your systems set your people up to fail?
how was the compition
My Stanley Cup prediction is STL BLUES VS NY RANGERS...my hope is that the blues win The Stanley Cup 2012
ManU fans griping about ManCity buying a title is akin to the Red Sox bitching about the Yankees.
Hello, mister Pot.
My name's Kettle.
Today we're talking polka dots!
What's your favorite way to rock the print?
Thanks for the follow Matt.
We appreciate it!
Uh...
no homo
I hate chills.
just followed :D
: pls follow Trayvon Martin's mother  who just joined twitter.
HoodiesUp
Gail I wrote you and ask you about employment is it so bad to ask you for work where is your heart
Wyatt Earp on the mound for the
HEY MAHOMIES !
If you want to be part of a Christmas present for Austin tweet :
20ThingsAboutMe; 4.
I'm extremely stubborn and difficult to convince.
Agree.
RT They should just put Xanax in our water.
so many people will be more tolerable.
Very interesting day in Tallahassee walking  talking in the halls  offices of the Legislature for the Film Industry
RT :RT: My CIAA Weekend started tonight.CAABJ Networking Reception Aloft Hotel  Cigar Bar Blake Hotel!!!!
:
yeah man hit me tomorrow so we kan holla....
Couldn't agree more on the Shiner Bock!
Cheers.
RT : ff My future exgirlfriends: and
Aren't there city permits and clearance issues involved when conducting the experiments?
It's so hard to get to follow me....
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE ?:
Tip well in front of them?
Jeff Tweedy just asked someone to put mittens on because he was clapping so loud.
Wilco show.
Riverside
Playing NBA 2k12
what's against NCAA rules?
The Trend of Virtual Call Center Jobs  Outsourcing Philippines
Jaded punk rock skunk.
what happened?!
After working on this story since 2002, I still don't know how my mother escaped the Nazis.
Howard Reich.
sportsbiz executives team up with NSMN to fight cancer.
Industry survivors to lead effort: Donate  sportstacklescancer.com
Happy?
Happy is a word that makes someone said
TIP If u choose 2 buy your books online, make sure u r ordering from a seller that is relatively close if u r in a timecrunch situation
I'm Tryna Chill With Whoever Today, I'm not Staying Stuck In This House !
my probation officer think it's ok 2 judge me, he mite get reported 2 JESUS, that's my daddy  he not gona let ppl do me any kind of way
It will always be the Florida Room
Paris, France.
Take a chance.
This romance makes me come alive.
3
Should I or should I not buy the 6week package?
I'm thinking yes.
i miss you too mamas, get out of jail soon!
Your number one of my people I can count on my hands..
Hehee
Google: fixin' stuff that ain't broke, since 1998.
Kiss, a contraction of the mouth due to an enlargement of the heart.
Yeah!
My dad rarely compliments me, so it meant a lot!
3
Remember, when school feels overwhelming, we will all one day die and this won't matter anyway.
Let's be honest, what does it count for in the first place.
Can I trade these things in to pay rent, or get a better job?
: hit me up cuz what u doing tonight?Peanuts Is Throwing Me A Party!!!
Our birthday is the 26 my mom turning 50 and me and Mikey both turning 13 sweet!!!!
:
Tom Brady.
Brady led Pats to 1 seed.
Rogers good, but today proved GB has stronger supporting cast.
Thankful for my Keurig this morning, since my apt is about 50 degrees
At job 1 trying to have a great day.
no Patterson park...
Bssc
Will be visiting the come game day.
RCTID from your homegrown Portland Chiropractor.
Go Timbers!
is my hero3
Only a few more tix available for me!
Get 'em while they're hot!
creepy tweets to .
thankfully, he'll never see them lol
Whats gud twitter this ya boy YOUNG MANTRA showin that WISCONSIN LOVE TO THE WHOLE World.
Whats hannin?
I love Austin and Alex's smile 3 But I think everyone does.
If not you craecrae; Brooke
Lame.
Lame.
Lame.
I feel so ugly today :
Go Rangers :
have asked to reset password 4 times and email does not come to my email box.
The winner on this morning was !
ok, I see it now!
nevertheless, Thank you for your clarity!!
Soo tired now off to get some rest
Saw Bucky Badger at the UW Homecoming parade.
I said hi to him, but I don't think he recognized me from the fun run.
Q1 Worldbook always got more usage at my public library, the last year's set was a circulating copy
lets go :
Happy!!!
And slpy!!!
Being a belieber on twitter is amazing.
We know things about Justin way before anyone else does and also, beliebers on here are hilarious.
If you have signs, paper goods, or apparel made and your logo is redoctorwn, ask to purchase the vector files.
Own your files, own your brand.
Footloose man that was a good movie I really want to go to prom now
Completely thrown by diff looks of judges on TheVoice tonight.
Cee Lo?
Is that u?
But Christina looks flat out hot.
An Odd Future show getting shut down by police isn't really news at this point
Great presentation this morning Thanks smbmad!
you look like an art teacher on spring break in Daytona  on denim skirt I found during last closet cleaning
A wise  knowledgeable teacher, philosopher or scientist will always point the student to the facts, sources, evidence, questions  research
scramble scramble
stfu we just got a round of margaritas off the old timer
its stormin ovr here in VA....
i hate it wen it rains, its kinda depressing 0o
saw a herd of deer on the way to school :
Winter?
Isn't it past your bedtime?
can you dance to my beat?
looks good.
Fascinating articles.
Are you going to put that on ur merch??
3
Last Sat.
112 plots built and filled in on 1 day from 8a4p Pick up the next Bay View Compass to read the story this Sat.
too many bad hair days back to back.
On my way to a horse show.
And its raining.
THATS WHAT I SAID!
But everyone is all He likes you just because we made a lot of eye contact .
Feel better.
You are 9 times more likely to die from a TV falling on your head this year than winning the Mega Millions.
I love barber shop talk.
Every country song is the corniest one.
But you said it wasn't all that shocking because we know more about head injuries now.
That makes it more disgusting/shocking.
We officially have hergirlfriday.net emails thanks to So Legit!
Send some love: or any of our first names.
oo la la..
that's when you poped up as facebook common friend.
Too cool.
We'll have to do lunch one of these days.
:
RT 14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis....
Lol when do you get out?
did right after tweeting.
Still no reply.
Want to bike from downtown mpls to the but maps keep telling me to take University ave  any other routes?
My rule this summer is I'm only going to read if I'm doing it in the sun
Happy Birthday,
tire trouble must be a cry for help, our cars need some major tlc
I missed you tonight Madonna I was having creative spiritual moment with my music.
A chance to sing with you one day..SUPERB
somethings you can never undo.
I do not need friends shadows who are only on my side when I'm shining ...
I learned my way around, once again, too busy being happy ...
Thanks for stoppin' in!
Did you get to squeeze in a game of bowling?
RT I'm at Southport Lanes  Billiards w/ 5 others
thanks for letting him now, Walter!
Stop playing video games, Nate!
.
.
.
unless it's research for the story you owe me
headed out for a walk in 6 minutes :
straight nasty!!!!
UGH ...
Water!
Such an amazing thing.
Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :
North Korea says about 30 people died in flooding due to heavy rains late last month.
Historians and climate change was intriguing, how can public historians help fix the cultural causes of climate change?
BEAUTIFUL day here in NY!
Now...where is this blizzard that was sweeping across the nation...?
It's warmer HERE than in Texas!
and all those ridiculous songs about love..are clear to me
: Ever been so tickedoff at bad or rude customer service that you walked out?
MSG  we live in a rude city!
this is absolutely embarrassing.
tomorrow is going to show whos really here to play and whos just going through the motions.
A Tale of Two Clouds from Martin Mickos of in 10 minutes!
High of 65 today.
After yesterday's sunburn fiasco, i'll take it
Lugging multiple guitars and an amp through the rain to an audition.
There is now an NFL player named Nick Toon; I guess Al did not foresee a network show with same name.
yo put the crack down Mike is the Godfather of today's success.
If MB is cancer, Chip is Herpes
Gamification: just add badges?
NEVER LIED..
what do you all think of my new twitter background?
We picked a winner for our latest contest!
Lydia won her own Kate Middleton Inspired Engagement Ring...Stay tuned for our next giveaway!
Hey,  can somebody please kill the popunder ads at philly.com?
They're so 2000.
When publishing in Articulate, I am getting a zia12345 file instead of a zip.
Ideas?
Help!
yes!
; you know you can't resist the bogmaster!
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:13
how would the work  u see a bunch of replies that no longer make sense b/c u changed original tweet.
is that ok?
TAKIN EVERY OPPORTUNITY TO AGGRAVATE THE HATERS!
We had to CALL to get somebody to the window!
Feeling disgusting even after a shower 
what do you think?
S.W.A.G.
She Wants A Gentlemen 3
do I get birthday sex tonight?
That has been my foremost thought through this whole process.
It would fracture the whole party, and be so fun to watch!
RT : I'ma put it down, you gon' fall in love.
currently in love with two members of .
.
.
and 3
almost 500 views thumbs up
Out and about to see Caroline Walker at her studio AND Susan Tollefsen.
These two ladies are some of our most loyal designers!
Greetings from Albuquerque!
I am finally starting to get settled in  will be posting more in the days to come.
Woot!
thanks.
Life is full of surprises!
I'll keep doctoraming until my doctorams become reality.
: Singing keeps you healthy, exercises your heart and lungs and releases endorphins that make you feel good.
Journalism is YOU and all of us.
The first step toward change is awareness.
The second step is acceptance.
Nathaniel Branden
The majority of my tweets are about work
aw don't worry, I know I'm perfect in your eyes.
Buy a book as a gift, not a ereader gift card makeitpersonal Why not buy one from our used bookstore?
Laughing at my husband, who is more than slightly obsessed with tweeting.
No, there will be no video nor delivery room tweets.
SoloPiano.com is now on Twitter!:
oh no!
I should know this, yes?
New Jersey follow he's a genius we need the support to put Jerz back in the limelight brickcity please retweet!!!
Rock Band room!
Rock Band room!
Rock Band room!
Day off...have things to do, but no motivation to do them.
Great Bulls win last night!
Let's keep it up!
Wondering where Simac's GetawayCar is today?
She's been circling the office in Antigo.
What about talking 2 voters?
Praying for you, not great at jokes :D but much better at praying XOXOX
Wtf: Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males.
I am not a Selena Gomez fan, but some of the people out there need to relax, it doesnt matter if Justin tweets her a happy birthday!
what are you doing
Storyteller Jill Scott.
YES.
If we're doctorving and Bohemian Rhapsody comes on the radio, we will act out that scene from Wayne's World.
NOT NEGOTIABLE
bitches gonna ride with who they thinks a winner , and I'll be smiling incase they take a picture 
Teams back on the ice for the second period...
not to mention Nyjer was thrown out at home.
Jupiter .....RT : Pluto : Im gone too the moon
is she ok
And now the GooglyMooglyBots will attack!
I heard Rihanna's We Found Love about 10 times today.
gave up about 3 seasons ago..
Enjoyed first few yrs..
Loved Susan with Mike.
Keep your head up gorgeous.
He isn't worth your time or your tears.
You were happy once without him, you can be happy again.
Possibly from the Nets, should Deron walks.
haha it's on YouTube now tho:p
Some litte girl just said i was ugly.
Fuck you litte girl  where are yoir parents with your diaper bag?
I kinda go for the Jane Eyre type of film.
I am fascinated by classics.
Tippi Hedoctorn
Right now fat Big Eye Tuna is swimming around North Atlantic.
We got beautiful fish with very dense fat.
It's amazing flavor.
Ooh!
Is that what I think it is?
someone cheer me up or give me some sympathy or s/t
Have you heard the new Killer Mike yet?
that's cool....
Slacktivists are putting up cartoon characters as professorle pictures, which somehow end child abuse.
BeautyOfIslam is all it's made of and what it represents.
my boyfriend tkn me out to eat.
Looking for a goodyetambient videogame soundtrack to play in the background while writing.
Suggestions?
just voicing my opinion
Loved her!
She should've won, amazing voice
phewf.
on both counts  glad we can hang in TO again  glad you weren't elbowing in on my licorice jellybeans from
You should check out what we do!
Ent Mag shouldn't sleep on this!
I'll come find you shortly.
RT SIC2011 who's here?
1.
it's often used in docs as plain old ellipsis; 2.
looks too much like ..
which isn't a valid op; 3.
suggests something 3tupley.
On behalf of small busines month ABP would like to donate 30 page per minute copiers to nonprofessor organizations.
While supplies last.
2 days away from picking up the DVD with the fixed sound, picture, and score!
Pushing it to get it to Sundance, but will do!
lol it's all good i'm not a thief, you'll get them back :
thanks to Senator Mike Skindell for his endorsement
Pancakes as sedatives.
Turkeyday is almost here This yr we're giving thanks 4 all the support  love for TGB!
Tweet us with your fave way to spend thanksgiving!
I used to do that when I was 13...
My couch, bed, pillow...
Fridge : fuckeverything
RT : U.S.
Military Veterans and spouses are cordially invited to a special career fair, March 28th.
Register today:...
so I trust you with a lot of stuff.
How does it feel to know that I can tell you everything?
:
So, really, now that I'm not all migrainey, and now that my nephew's project is done, SERIOUSLY, ROD WILL BE UPDATED TOMORROW.
I don't know why I do the things I do sometimes.
It will pass so please forgive.
Sure!
Great protein and energy.
Hope you can add a little more than cashews to the mix!
Cheers!
Check us out today at 4pm with Shawna D on Power 109.9
my new apt has one don't know how I lived without it.
thanks so much!!!!
:D
volleyball in an hour .
another day of practice .
another day of soreness
Thanks, Dan!
:
i just noticed natural video has over 2million views :D
oh, so you just waitin on a call back
good morning everyone
We are proud to present are new and updated site!
Please check it out, www.rx2you.com
bo!
Although I don't live far from the mall.
lol
Laughing out loud at songs cause they suck so bad
Taxi line at WADC airport is like vegas lines x2....and not half as much to enjoy.
I can't relate to my ebony princess' troubled tweets about math.
I am asian
notfeelingwell someone cheer me up?
:
beautiful photos, thanks for sharing!
:
I hate when people say ugh I woke up early today I'm like shut up you don't have to wake up early every Saturday nd Sunday
Are you a LEAGUER?
If not, become a member of our organization today and multiply the mission, which enhances the movement.
: I don't know if my stomach is growling cuz I'm hungry or if that's my liver crying cuz it's the weekend.
and you know something was wrong when you say i was the only one who showered ;
:O THAT'S TRUE OMG I'M SO SORRY GURLZ
Work all day.
doctoraming of big things.
Thanks so much.
Ugh!
Why do I talk with my hands so much?
Happy BELATED Birthday love you so much!
sent from 's Video!
Love you
He makes me happy in pants:
my aunt spent a whole 21 minutes talking to me about cleaning my room...now its time for school.
Wow!!
By far the best FoodTruck out there.
Your Meatballs are better than ALL Italian Restaurants.
The MacnCheese was amazing!!
whydopeoplethink Im obsessd with !!
I'm a dedicated Mahomie!!
your still pretty:
We want to know what's on your Xmas list this year?
What u on
The red sox are the most overrated team in baseball.
omg i love 106park i realli do
So you mean like with record labels?
Me too.
I've been into fairy tales and fantasy all my life.
Just finished a short but sweet band practice.
EXTREMELY productive evening, did some mad doctorwing, made a super swick beat, now i'm gonna go read my self to sleep.
so wizard!
: The Packers have released Nick Collins, according to agent Alan Herman.
Such conflicting thoughts, like Sterling Sharpe.
I figured I owed it to ya to follow you back!!
The longer Im in college the shorter my attention span gets.
Currently its about half of what it was when I was ten.
thanks for adding me to the list!
I Think I'm Going To Leave Early
OMG AUSTIN IS GONNA DO AN AUSTREAM A :D
Thanks for the retweet.
Hope to see you there....
S/o to the women playin yall position
thank you for the shout out, though!
Just keep the other on the down low!
Lol.
Dang, that was swift.
SM, ftw!
Merry Christmas love you Miah:
TY4M!
: Thank you for the mention!!
you'd think they would have thought that too when they picked it for sec tournament.
Oh well it is what it is.
follow me3?
yeah, I know, right?
It's not a film you need to own, but should watch every five years or so.
Really?!?
Last I heard, Starbucks was only at Arlanda...
1mil party people in Boston...
Join us for a live performance by  Tour DJ tonight
I always loved Big Bird because he reminded me of my mom.
In the 80s they kind of had the same hair.
yeah girl!
I'm starting to suspect that Girls doesn't actually exist, it's just a fabrication of the Think Piece Industrial Complex.
just finished the fault in our stars.
really good book i recommend it.
i knw when i see some fuuny stuff i laugh
RT The value of his business advice has only been surpassed by his friendship.
autoMedia CEO Doug Hamlin.
Saw them with Tribe Called Quest, HelloNasty 98, best thing I ever saw.
Is there any such thing as a cheap vacation that does NOT involve camping?
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces,  a Sentencewithoutspaces.
it gets old
Everything just fucking hurts.
Life must really be hating on me.
would rather that than a dirty glass
You're welcome!!!
Yes, it is!
Cheers!
Mind you, I'm not calling anyone a girliegirl.
Doing it right now.
LOL
best song has to be Under the Bridge.
Classic tune.
thanks!
On the road now
I love you, but I don't want to date you.
I wish these folks would talk louder.
oh not much just hangin out enjoying this weather!
And yourself
TSwift is a lyrical genius.
Cherington is sure that Youk goes back to third when ready, but hasn't talked about what to do with Middlebrooks yet?
Lies
My gym has signs w/gems like Please flush toilet when done and Close your locker and doctor off after using shower.
When the mood strikes, a Yanomami man might sit in his hammock and give a speech to everyone within earshot.
Just ordered my own book, but they raised the price on me!
:O
love you too rt : i love taylor gourmet, whatd ya get??
you should!
they're the sweetest  love you even more because the know you saved them.
Hey...
this is Christina Palladino with ABC5...
did you get any pictures of the accident you could send us?
LOL.
I'm a big Maybelline/Covergirl fan!
But I don't need Ulta for em, that's why Sephora has advantage.
Many brands are exclusive
No taming me you know I'm off the fuckin chain!
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
u kno ur ass is walking!
U ain't gots to lie craig!
Email?:/ thats okay.
I changed my number.
:
Never take a person's age or proximity to retirement into account when making decisions on hiring, firing, pay, benefits or promotions
I've been a fan for years.
He's just...
people don't get him.
And they're afraid of what they don't know.
bitches that get NO dick get mad when females getting some.
Way to go Andy!
It doesn't get better if you don't think better,
Just done facetiming with my handsome boyfriend,
salute u workin doe
Choice btwn productive and service industries.
Where does the importance of good, practical selfmanagement begin?
A Here and now.
GM!
Luv the positive!
Good morning!
HAPPY MONDAY!
It's the BEST day of the week...a whole five days full of possibilities ahead.
Any word on why Lock cancelled this upcoming series?
This is a nice pic, btw.
Your hair is very wellbehaved :
What's on tap for your weekend workouts?
yup :D did some good beatle doctorwings.
:D
Congrats!!
RT Our hcil was just inducted into the chi2012 CHI Academy!
A big congrats Ben B!
Ah.
I'm using chrome on windows.
Any ad blocking or JS turned off?
That might do it.
Does Your Music INSPIRE, Give HOPE, ENLIGHTEN Or Show A Better Way?
If You've Been Down  Out  Got Back Up Then Speak Up  Show/Tell Others
Well this suckss wont see my daddy till saturdayy :
When you receive a DM from me today, dont open it, delete it now!
Wicked spam!
lalalaalala so bored
Girls Who Treat Their Man Like A King Are Cool
Catching hell to get to East Memphis on Winchester from 240..
French press coffee and finals papers go oh so well together.
Preparing to finalize this short film.
ALMOST DONE!!!
Can't wait to see what happens with this.

So, that's what she calls it !
prefers to call mine Steve :
Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 3 21 only
Ya you can sort of beat Jimmy Nielsen with that sh!t?
Thank you for the RT!
:
I made it in 4 on the Greyhound last year and I felt he was doctorving fast.
But maybe we were stuck in Thanksgiving traffic...
If you're in El Paso, check out tonight for their release party.
Oh, and also buy me a cd.
I totally would...but...no
So apparently a tree fell on Villa Mantia and is currently sitting in John's room?
Thanks STL weather.
The pain of the truth is much better than the bliss of an illusion.
Celebrate moments of truth.
NBC: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell endorses Mitt Romney
keep an eye on the dates for The London United Film Fest in early 2012 for a UK world premiere screening of Act Naturally
lol i love your icon
How about this weather?
Starting to step into the new part of my life........
: Jean Ralphio is in this club.
Baby baby baby, are we calling everybody baby now?
Cuz I love that, baby.
hey you told me to kick you
alright my Trojan...how did GB do with Perry??
I typically like what u send our way ;
I seriously need to stop eating so much junk food.
ah man good luck girl I know ur getting it in!!
I can't wait to hear what happens  keep me posted!
3
okay...doesn't mean I couldn't get the invite...nor asked to play
I don't think it will really ever catch on unless it becomes built into Mobile OS.
Opening the extra app is enough to dissuade.
So, is Miracle the best sports movie ever made?
I don't feel the same way I once felt about you, I need to figure out what I need.
I'm sorry.
i need a new ipod!
my old one is really
Happy Digitalsisterhood Wednesday!
Thanks for the shout 
Holy crap Megatron!!!
8year 132 million.
Lord help him stay healthy and wise with that money.
Wow.
I mean...
Locklanders who wants to take me to BMV tomorrow.
thanks, John!
IA2011 Interrogating the questoin what is knowledge?
is an important question for CE worldwide.
And what does this mean for graduate ed?
living fatty/salty food w/o concern for the animal you're eating doesn't make your palate sophisticated or you a connoisseur.
just a slob.
My account was hacked.
I've changed my password which I hoped fixed it.
Let me know if your still getting spam.
I don't feel like doing anything today, but some moves must be made
Same Here , so It's never too late until like you walk across the stage Graduation Day .
lol
Thanks for the follow back!
Have you checked out and ??
Thanks!
Hey!
This is very CRAZY, NEVER SAY NEVER
Follow me on Twitter I follow back!
thanks for the follow and !
Every day, in every way, I find I need an iPad more and more...
iPadIntensifierRay
study hall...
where you talk the whole time ha gotta love my byx brothers!
Don't mind if I do...
: Beer!
Keg!
Now!
Hopalicious!
4!
16oz!
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Andy Rooney
Classical night is my absolute favorite!
Going to pick up Allison!!!!
:D
Is looking fw to this evening.
:
haha i like that, the lion from now on
who u playin with?
MAC league??
the Intrideans are pretty cool!
You think you better than me cuz you straightacting?
Fuck that.
I've been out 10 yrs  ain't nothing more beautiful than a proud gay man.
Vendor neutral citation is awesome!
As long as there is an official version online that someone is responsbile for!
hey girl.
miss ya!
I really love you 3 Hahahaha.
Smh ppl really live there lives through twitter
Another quake in Tulsa!
not to be too crass but where do I find ur rates
Was going to see Lion King in 3D on the September 16 but this girl has better things to do that night.
:
I really don't know who is going to win.
RT : Tomorrow 13pm Skype open day for MA in DH: there are still some free spots, so get in touch if you want to talk to us
anyone in the MPLS / STP area know of any good xmaslightdisplays?
my wife and i are looking to doctorve around and look at some on SAT
so I was at this presentation today and I SWEAR you have a twin.
Domination of earth is good.
In the meantime I'll settle for 2 art sales and a fish taco.
So I heard bad by on the radio,  I totally lost my shit.
I mean I freaked the fuck out like it was my own song.
Damn, and made for a very funny livetwitterfeed of the Republican debate tonight.
Did you know i love the color yellow?
Yes Y E L L O W I smell sunshine, Lemon pie, baby girls giggleing, bright fresh cut YELLOW daisys
Weird to see pumping up Chris Paul one night, then jumping on the Rudy Gay bandwagon the next time out.
Potterheads and Starkids are definitely the best fans.
well the 5 run inning makes me feel a little bit better I guess.
prince pizza
You's wanta see something funny go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze it's so funny
Doing the final tweaks on the new site.
It's looking GREAT!
Finally go live this weekend.
Another NO, but still optimistic...
Just another NOT YET
Yeah: Chicago, IL.
Just 6 simple characters...: NO H8!
Off to cheer practice.
I will follow everyone back and answer any questions when i get back!
love your love.
tori
Optimus Parentibus  To my excellent parents, a common dedication in a book
I think I'm liking Bing slightly more than Google only problem is that I don't have Bing toolbars installed so it's harder to get to
Important for me, at least.
Gathering ideas  info for posts on my blog I'll be launching on Adv, Mktg  and SoMe Law.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.
Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Groucho Marx banner FestivalofBooks yesterday
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 03/30/12 is Ian, Sally and Dan!
So not in work mode.
The students are gone and I feel like I should be too.
Not ready to dive into major summer projects yet.
I'm good Justin, miss being on here.
We're building lots of new stuff for clients and it's fun but moving fast!
Bitches be bitches.
This is really annoying me .
Afghan museum highlights country's Buddhist heritage  The Express Tribune
That's why Dems, despite day2day issues on their side, will never truly run Congress,
It's an Alaska thing : Levi wins another news cycle.: RT : Levi Johnston gets another girlfriend pregnant
bueno...
time for me to try to take a nap...
bye for now
WOW the xfactor Is really boring tonight.
Hmm got a lot to think about
Hershey makes kisses and they also make hugs...with hugs and kisses no one needs doctorgs...Happiness is Hershey Kisses and Hugs without doctorgs!
Jack And Rose werent real people ':  TitanicSwagFail
Yes, videos will be posted to FOSI YouTube channel soon after the conference
Gonna Start This New Jump Program Today!
Air Alert'
thank you frances!
Ed said democrats will whip republicans in nov.
Is he delusional or just fucking stupid?
Plus his book sucks and will BOMB..lmao.
Saw NBC's Bent tonight...really liked it : And pleasantly surprised to see ...got to meet him at a Cougartown meet  greet!
So anyone going to see the CBJZam today in Dublin?
25 years ago today Mark McGwire hit is first HR as a member of the Oakland A's.
M, sugar!
That is how I like my sugar too  with a little coffee.
Maybe with a splash of vanilla or caramel syrup too.
:
and I should have appended 'today' to the original tweet.
Sounded too permanent when meant for the day

thanks!
Playoffs start Fri and kickball starts next week.
Kind of excited.
You should come up for a weekend!
Wow, the refs woke up and called a penalty on Michigan!
It's a miracle
iknow..
But omg my legs hurt
minus 5 cool points for admitting to still being an American Idol fan.
If Braxton miller doesn't have time to hand off where would Joe bauserman find time to pass it?
Damn Miami heat...
Attending the famous Washington Hebrew Congregation's Sisterhood luncheon today and looking forward to seeing some old friends!
I'm There All 3 Nights!
5 clubs
I was popular af in elementary.hah,now what happened.
watching DWTS with my 3yr old, she says  Mama, where's the rest of her doctorss?
How does one set a coat hanger on fire?
tell me about it.
cool RT : INTERN's fridayreads: one delightfully battered copy of Daniel Alarcón's WAR BY CANDLELIGHT, from a penpal in NZ!
You are the best 12,002,724 right now, can you tell him he reached
Hey there!!
Will Do!!
I wish my banjo sounded like Steve Cropper's tele sometimes.
Carrie talking about Google and their focus on best user experience vs monetizing every angle
39;Reasons Why You Should Study In a Christian College ...
Yes yes it was!
Interesting article.
Universal design takes LEED to the next level paying closer attn to feel, see, hear our environment.
Rode to school with
Good news: I'm in love!
Bad news: I got fired.
Can you say mixed emotions?
Please assist w/referral for Instructional Designer w/AVATAR and captainvate and Articulate in Atlanta
Damselflies in Roswell, near water lillies at the Nature Centertheir wings a hum and a blurtheir colors too much for our visible spectrum.
Let it go man that was along time ago.
bad thing happen when playing sports even with a little yellow weighted flag.
we were talking about how much we missed you  how we have to come visit you!
it was talked about!
Why's Bieber Smile trending when it's Fenway's Birthday??
Hope everybody has a fantastic weekend, and be safe.
Remember to hug the ones you love, and smile to those you don't!
400 followers!
Thanks so much you guys!
: Soph
Hope Mo is ok.
Hadn't said welcome to the Yankee family yet.
Welcome aboard.
You're doing a tremendous job
Aweh, she's so cute.
You know you're busy when you don't even have time to commute.
That mothers day commercial by the Olympics makes me want to cry .
I HATE this biology assignment.
ITS SO FRIGGEN BORING.
WhatMakesMeSmile when I'm upset and then I hear my favorite song.
Break a leg!
What take that back  lol
o.O
I am honestly a lil scared to bring a child into this world.How can I instill my values when we living in a world like this?
specific cellphones were hacked to only pretend to be turned off??
Only way I can see not being BS.
For some reason sherylcrow song is in my head...I wanna walk in the sun...
Yay!
All are shows have been amazing!
:D I still need to see The Secret Circle!
doctoramFace 3.0 allows you to build Web 2.0  SaaS applications quicker and easier and to deploy them onpremise, in the cloud.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 49
cool i'm already soaked
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry.
Bill Cosby
You should never agree to surrender your doctorams
DJing a Party Right Now for Icewood's Older Sister!
It's Going Down!!!
well that's just not very nice...but at least I can say my team has a chance to hoist Lord Stanley's Cup.
:
: is that a bottle of ketchup?
I don't know, probably
Now that we are are out of the dark, it is time to start the weekend.
We are open for business.
Get in here!
How do you engage visitors' beliefs about the past?
See my panel Truth  Cherished Myths: Authority  Empathy
me too Lansing
i'm gonna cry.
I'm with fool eatin ice cream then we bout to be out on r bikes
We are only able to offer merchandise at the pep rally, we will not be selling the day of the game.
Ok might be a little gory but damn the characters are great  the acting is stellar!
Illiterate Ass Females 
Youre crazy, I like you, but youre crazy..
Hard to photograph a Smell on the other hand a smel might be doable if I knew what it was?
And again today, another person encouraging me to move to Austin.
haha I thought I told you!
Have you seen zoe yet?
via : lunch with Bill Kules today at NGS.
I completely agree with you
Why is the third hand on the watch called a second hand?
Cuddled up with my babe.
Can't think of a better place to b :
Q: You know why God is a man?
A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
nope.
its just like idk hes just annoying and keeps asking me for pictures.
he started texting me when he was doctornk:/
One Tree Hill is airing it's final episode this Wednesday.
If anybody cares, that is.
Can I see your headphones real fast??
Uhhmm.....
Suure....
End of class period in 10 minutes.
Wtf.
Nobody can use them ever again.
: it's nice to meet you too.
I just watched your youtube vids and....wow holy crap you're really good.
I'M TRYING!!!
RT : Someone needs to help me get out of Illinois.
I don't know.
Not much can compare to All That She Wants  Sign.
CEO Chris Artinian will appear on today at 11:30am PST to discuss all things Morton's.
day off w/ babe...this means back to reds for me p
What won't u put bacon on???
Just realized that one of my tattoos has a subliminal message about smoking weed.
sweet:
i kissed austin before.
it tasted like...
paper.
would you like me to make a WeLoveGhostMIW?
I have another account with 300 followers I barely use anymore it was for the old
Great ideas are a dime a dozen.
Success is all about the execution of ideas.
What am I doing Tomister
Free throws are the key to victory!
I stil got faith in my BULLS DoItForDerrick 3InARow ...
and lets be real Philly sucks
Ok, I shouldn't laugh, but that IS funny.
We redesigned our site!
Take a look at it: www.iheartmusic.com and give us some feedback.
We'd love to hear your thoughts!
the lawn needs to be mowed.
for the first time this year....
Good Morning!
Monday, January 30, we are starting 30minute challenge classes...stay tuned for more details today!
Seeing extremley hot guys in random places and realizing I'll never see them again.
Until that awkward day when u c them like a year later!
RT : Dear iPhone owners: please change your ringtone from the default.
Nope.
I'm a proud defaulter!
Take 5 min.
let your clients know that you're grateful for them  for giving you a chance to work with them!
BTWThx Infuze Clients!!
ok so r u a fan of selena or a hater?????she's amazing
awww that's a bummer!
We love and miss you all.
Best of luck at your show!
I might have a new favorite reality show with thesingoff.
Killer voices.
I could get used to seeing every week!
Day 2 of Vertical Reality.
Love love love this weather!
So grateful to be a part of NPCC.
Who'dathunkit?
DJing for the King!
im here lol
and I just tried to cake care of as many customers as possible until you got here!
Welcome, by the way.
lmao okay and I dont care lol they can come
I just miss my plane but it ok im stay cool it just a plane
RT :  algorithm self policing since data is open  Right: no more doneinacorner...
Why couldn't I have been miraculously born with a British accent?!
says: if you want to go fast, go alone.
If you want to go far, go together.
u deserve it for all u do for others!
You are amazing!
10/2 Dessert Special: Old Fashioned Sugar Cream Pie with Cointreau Cream
Orioles need some runs to win this second game
Dinner With Foreigners!!!
Celtics win 9084 over the Hawks, holding 104 edge in OT scoring.
Boston takes 21 series lead into Game 4 at the Garden.
LETS GO POWER!
Power  New Orleans tonight at 8pm!
Marchand is tripped and the Bruins will have a powerplay.
No problem man.
I'll see you on Monday and we can say hey.
lol that was funny
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of hand
its a good day when you feel no pressures and your dog is cuddled right under your arm.
preach RT : Dear god if you cannot handle your liquor/beer do not doctornk
Babysitting a pretty awesome baby and loving it.
Yeah, that's a thing.
I still feel like I have to apologize to people for the Crusades.
how many times do you get to see the President speak live in person?
mom, fuck you.
Had a an awesome final walk thru for the event Saturday night.
join us if youre in SD.
www.revosandiego.com
DO NOT open any socalled BBC videos circulating on FB about the killing of Bin Laden.
It is a virus.
Spreads by just opening it!!!
Wondering how is doing.
We owe them a visit to talk some baseball..
Funny.
Thanks, now its in mine, too.
Just followed them on Twitter, should be interesting.
hee hee.
I should have had more.
Brb going to cafe emelia in bridgewater nj to stalk nick
I bet Manning lands in TN.
He knows the AFC South.
Because We Love show tonight at kuppajoe!!
I'm sorry.
People are dumb.
But it could be worse
gonna be a busy day
Thank you and I was trying to point that out to you, but you're blinded by your stupidity.
thanks for the retweet, Andy!
I can't play a note of music, but the guitars in the Gibson factory store are crazy cool.
Have a great day also James : RT : Thanks for the FF!
I hope you have a great day.
got my belly button pierced..
it kinda hurt.
of OCD like mental illness.
EOM
Of course I will, Meg!
Can't wait for opening day, it's gonna be a great season!
lmao LAME RT : Anuptaphobia is the fear of staying single.
98 cappers posted so far today with 2 consensus from their picks on the Warriors  Mavericks
...instead of just from church.
Liberal education at that.
Im often frustrated trying 2 talk bible w/church learned scholars
RT : REMINDER: SportsPRchat tonight at 9pmET.
Hope to see you join us!
RT : DC101 will be here tonight 68pm giving away tix to the Chili CookOff!
plus CAPS at 7 and Country Night at 8!
Thanks for doing that.
I'm actually not teaching next semester, however.
Thanks to , , for their highly entertaining readings last night.
Couldn't have been better.
hell yeah!
I haven't been to this clinic in like 2 months :o
RT : ...and who says that money doesn't change people?
hahaha.....totally worth it!..have fun.;o
and I have no one.
So don't come at me
Jay Bilas is acting like a complete dbag tonight.
He thinks he John Wooden.
You are not as cool as you think.
When pundits were saying campaign negativity was keeping Ind.
Gov.
Mitch Daniels out of presidential race...
Federal tax credit ends April 30th!
8,000 for first time buyers.
6,000 for repeat buyers.
Check out our home listings before its too late!
truth be told Im a freelance artist my Avi pic i doctorw up myself..
If you have an assignment Ill do a few demos 4 you to choose from
Couldn't agree more!
RT : Hashtags I can get behind:
Anyone want to buy a Kodak patent in Roc?
Now is the time to invest if you have the money.
In Florida tomorrow night!
Right now in LV, Nevada
Hey, sorry I never responded.
I ended up quitting my job  moving to Israel to become a scuba instructor.
best opening line of an email.
: Last show tonight at the headhouse in south Philly, 10:30.
7
if you would of did I would of told u dontcha think um duh....
thank you!!!
Your food rocks our world.
I'd beta/crit 4 any of you 3 even when in pub hell.
You guys got mentions in 3 Wishes.
How could I not?
How soon do you need it?
Never underestimate the power of a Burrito...
its simple, John Boehner hates childoctorn and America
I also saw you looking at yourself in the rearview mirror ;D lol
A fan isn't casually liking a team then bashing them.
It's riding or dying every second with them.
A bond.
Pens give that, so give it back!
Happy first official day of spring!
Excited to hear speak at nyu tonight as part of the Reynolds Speaker Series!
cc:
Hi Julien, arriving soon on the 22nd would you like to make an interview date?
best Ilona
In 2009, Scott Cramton decided to publicly offer murder mystery event services, which at the time, was simply just a hobby
Stuck on the NJ Turnpike.
The trafficiest traffic of all time ever but totally worth the trip.
Happy Mother's Day to my Moms and Mother in Law!
Word.
jasmine u dnt no where i live
lemmme find it:
I need someone to come pick me up from GA today or tomorrow.
Bitch, you don't deserve shit from me.
If u dont wanna smoke u aint gotta babe im rollin up by myself tryna find a way...
Rich, good to connect with you.
Hope to chat further.
haha correctly is a big word.
its ok :
Love starting the day w yoga.
Happy Fitness Friday!
Sweet!
I heard about these micro loans this is excellent thanks!
I looovvvee you
If a girl can spit like a guy, I know she's a dirty fucker...
And I want some.
Never doubt that a small group of committed people can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Margaret Mead
count me in!
Young white guy with a sign asking for money in flushing.
Ain't no Chinese grandmas gonna give u  fool
I was born by caesarian section, but not so you'd notice
Early working on new projects.
Got to love it!
FF Happy Friday
My hunger for pancakes trumps everything else.
Nothing will taste good besides pancakes.
Gettin' Cocky i noe sweet Ambayy that wassup I do y...I mean I got you Well thank you, your not bad yourself :b
Overly muscular females  lol
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is when you brake up wit someone an she keep askin u how longits goin to take u to get right
Yes, 90's songs tonight!!
My Visual Anth student poster's are due today.
I seem to have made a lot of students sick since tuesday.
Finals week must be going around.
Ever seen the show I almost got away with it ?!?!
STUPID people!!!!!!
Can I close the door of my office and take a nap?
Would that be inappropriate?
im so happy for beyonce and jay z love how they said they were having a baby
AncientAliens is sorta presumptuous.
I can no longer believe anything that The History Channel says.
Happy Valentine's Day!
When you get a hold of me, tell me that I'll never be set free.
maybe we wouldn't be so angry if we had straight hair.
Surprisingly difficult to give out free books  should I blame rain, traffic ...
?
World Book Night fail :
Friday night, my head hurts, time for an IPA2.
STAYED UP ALL NIGHT RAPPING ON THIS LIL UGLY MANE TRACK
sxswi 3ScreenMin What about HOW they want to watch it?
aught what did you say?
McCaskill will vote against the Demcratic FY11 budget proposal because it doesnt cut enough and the GOP plan because it cuts too much.
I love Saturdays, little work, little play, little relaxing
: Cookie stickers on the way.
That show was just the right balance of whimsical and dark.
Loved it!
lol that's some real shit!
Be sure to come out to our Easter Eggstravaganza Event tomorrow from 13!
Check out the events for more information!
sweet...
wink
right u are!
Thanks!
I checked my commorative teacup
God will never put you through anything you can't handle 3
And the sight of any females.
not using twitter again until everyone gets the Casey Anthony schtick out of their system.
i want them!!
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Windiiiiii...
Happy Birthday to YOU!!
;  xoxo
you can but not perfect.
Love you as all Broncos.
But yeah, if we play the Clippers, it'll be an easy sweep.
Lol
HAHAHAH that guitar is 7,998.
I don't my mom's gonna buy me that..
argh, someday i will carve out time to read them!
i refuse to see the movies until i read the books.
:
you as well.
my travels were safe, relaxing now in nashville.
I am trapped in IM hell whomever said this much technology was a good thing?
The worse thing about being lied to is knowing your not worth the truth.
Long homework date with 2 boys from L's class.
The project is done 11yearold boys are...confusing.
Let's just say that.
Thanks to the people selling on got my cd's today, blaring all night long AMAZING !!!
Hey everyone!
ASO is having as general body meeting tonight in Hughes formal lounge.
See you there!
Know of a local business in New York City that we should be following?
Tweet us at
I'm on Skype!
Hit me up so we can chat: I'm open to everything...
ABDC DAY!!!!!!
WE GET TO SEE THE BOYZ AGAIN!!!!
:D
BlackMamaQuotes I SUGGEST you shutup and sit down somewhere talkin to me like that!...
That's my point.
They're jobbing him out.
He needs a single push, and yes, a World title.
At least this gives you the chance to finally catch Santa!
Ready to fall on my face and my days not even close to being done
Making bracelets  :
Go You Cigna great vendor table and rep!
It's Monday Night...Casino Night!
I need to be asleep right now, but I'm at work.
DAMN
is always pushin' for us..
thanks darling 3
: tears of joy, finally seeing my nephew!,
i hate that my parents are practically vegan.
My little sister cried when she opened up her eggs and found carrots/cucumber slices.
7:30 Dolphin mall.
Movie: Hunger games!
and Stefanie Sneaking in Popcorn!!
Hey guys, I plan to start updating about new things, old things, and everything in between that I find noteworthy!
Hope it's useful!
that's great to hear...
and HUH?
Ah, the narcissism of the young.
Unfortunately, too many never outgrow it.
and it took me 3 minutes : lol
u should be damon horan
She called a body foul from half court?
really???
I hope everyone had a beautiful weekend.
Walked from 55th and Folsom to  back.
Reward  Soul love by Bowie and an Old Stock Ale.
Oh!
Coltrane's Favorite Things.
Bonus
Thanks!
I intend to!
Check Out My New Product Line....www.prbymeka.com
Love the event.
Thanks Matt!
: Just chatted with Evan of awesome guy and great story!
lbam
awsome homemade airsoft machine gun vs.
an apple apple !
It's the best flavor!
Wiscy will save face for us....hit the money line!
So, I've developed a taste for beer...and lost my taste for coffee.
My world is turning upside down!
Why do I feel like my bday is so close when it's actually til the end of July 
It scares me.
Oh, yaaay you actually got a Twitter finally?
hahah.
Hawks I feel bad for him knowing he will have to deal w/ same team next year w/ JJohnson n JSmith
Groundhog Day!
I think it's so cute when girls call me Deezy.
ky00t 3
are you just starting your day or just ending it?
Clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well as your side as the provider of their needs
Dude, Frank Pepperoni Canoli died?
That sucks!
You need to change that.
Any of our Twitter twitter friends like FREE stuff??
looks good in his skivvies, I don't think he should give away Mike Chiesa's best moves  bad form
A great sunny day inn vancity .
I must of brought the good weather for .
Hoping to add 6 new recipes by the end of the week, including the Dunkelweizen we have on tap next door!
what's the best day to get an abortion?
Got call from us to get a subscription....um, we have 2 coming to the library now...someone needs to look at their books
awesome seeing do so well on thevoice alum kicking' it!
If there was a prize for most frequent RT'r you would win!
Thanks so much!
Not yet, there were lots of singers so it'll probably be a minute.
I'll let u know!
any clips on youtube of whitneytribute?
725 tweets and 725 followers.
Same Same.
Check it out, it may never happen again.
ever occur to you to sponsor Coachella?
with a hippie leather twist...just thinking outloud
Who did you say it was who said modernity is when you go to the town over there and see that they do stuff differently?
..as mine does you.
Cheers!
clink
Congrats!
I'm in too.
Do you like lady gaga ?
I'd like to go that J.
Cole  Krit concert today
writing sessions?
U mean like short stories?
thank you!
:
We're a week into outwritejanet...what does your word count look like?
ha I don't know why this cracked me up
M...
little late for work today...
This is what I get for using a 1.5 year old for an alarm clock!
I Fear no man.
Because No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
In gods name we pray.
Amen.
JERRY DIPOTO NAMED ANGELS G.M.
that's a heads up play by Flower, but you've got to be careful here.
Parise has been burning people on shorthanded goals ALL SEASON.
Good Morning, thank God for letting me wake up to another day blessed thankful 
i decorate your fucking outfit with red dots I'm not photographer but I specilize in Head shots
Kenya couldn't pull off doing a ReRe joint against anyone especially latrice.
That Nicopanda couch is awesome
Lmao!
RT Your momma's so fat, she was born in June, July and August!
Hey!wats up!
Which picture!?
o man!
havent listened to this in awhile!
Have to tweet it...John never gets old
When's the next SongTasting and is East End involved?
Feb.
wines were exquisite!
Always a true friend!
Thank you TWIN!
3333 nobody is like you :D
Passive tracking will be future of hightech, social fitness.
Systems will provide such value that we'll want to provide more data.
that was probably the best reply I've got on twitter every second I talk to and about you guys I losecontrol your amazing!
Some people's idea of what constitutes brief...
isn't.

will do  are you in Denver or The Springs
Using googletranslate to converse with the busboys at work because my Spanish is Mucho rusty!
Its a fairly accurate translation tool.
Win!
Jordan Kohout will be back at UW football practice tomorrow.
Kohout was the starting defensive tackle at the start of camp
and Bryce Harper as tonight's hero?
WHAT!!?!?!
Wait and see!!!
I got a lot of followers some how and I don't know why.
It like happened over night!
Photographs of your loved ones, your beloved pet, your truck, your car or even a Harley Davidson We will digitize them all for you....
pfft I've already been in Texas.
RT : Sagittarius Your efforts aren't necessarily in creating something new;
Love is the only shocking act on the planet
Maybe that's the problem.
I looked up the editor and it appears they are no longer cutting.
A huge loss to horrible storytelling
Santa Barbara Zoo here I come.
yea me too!
I was so ready to stop, doctorp, and roll though, just in case.
just because you saw it on wickepedia doesn't make it true.
RT : I enjoy/value that the kanban community continues to challenge itself.
I hope people continue to critically examine the ideas
C'mon Dirk, that's why you curse at the refs in German!
It's not Christmas, you whore.
Movie recommendation is George A.
Romero's Dawn of the Dead
I KNOW33333333 I AM SINGING THIS ALL DAY TOMORROW:
Don't feel special.
I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
Evangelical Christians and Goth dating site owners seem attracted to this Twitter acct.
Both are missing the point, perhaps.
Ok its finally time for my bed since I have to be up in 4 hours!
I really need a vacation
Some dude said he was too doctornk to walk so he had to doctorve lol
Youth rally tody  bishop cant wait!!!!
YEEEAAA BUDDDYYY
I've been meaning to go professorssional myself.
Word...will do.
Study shows that people who often eat chocolate weigh less than those who eat it less often.
lol with these tweets
YEA!!!
When the last time we held a conversation
Going to watch the avengers tonight :
Fair weather friends are never gonna support your music so don't ask them to.
I have friends that have lost their mother and I just wanna tell them we can share because I know that feeling kills them.
this is ahacked account no longer follow it
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Later tweet peeps.
Thanks for stopping in today!
TONIGHT: CincoDeMayo party at Hooligan's in Webster hosted by w/doctornk specials, games,  prizes incl a trip for 2 to Cancun!!
I'm performing at a firehouse in Jersey tonight because doctorams do come true.
I am Kim GodsGirl777
I'm hiring, people to change the way men shop.
Custom clothing by appointment.
Contact me.
your so blessed with your music.your like freakinn amazingg.I wanna meet you again someday!
hope all goes well!
Love U
dear please stop the conquest to publish my playlists on Fb.
I have to optout twice a week on the mobile app!
Abt to move to
Dare to doctoram.
doctoram to succeed.
So once you succeed your doctorams will become reality.
yes it is just like your height lol jk
it just needs some body work.
Which might be done by the end of the month.
winning I pay for everything myself now.
need
Are you watching the goldenglobes tonight?
Should be an exciting year, lots of good films
How can anyone think Bert and Ernie are gay?
They're just two heterosexual puppet men sleeping in the same bed, while being fisted 24/7
YES, DITTO!!!!
One of my 10 favorite albums of all time!
: JFC THIS ALBUM IS SO FLAWLESS
omg!!!
shane and randall became instant walkers and they were moving pretty fast...
Wow the walkers are evolving...
Ha but u not right doe
WOW!
RT : I once made a pumpkin infused vodka and made a cocktail with coconut milk
truth RT I don't care how cold and grey winter can be..
I'd be so unbalanced without it.
: RT : Guys...
Help me out and follow my bud !
He's amazingly talented and tomorrows his birthday!
:D
At this juncture, is the MVT of 2012
youre lucky I didn't stay down there cus you know me and bo would put the beat down on caleb
Does anyone have a webbased list of all the different ed technologies in use in classrooms nationwide?
WOW!!!
What fun!
What was happening in the Shepherd School for his attention to be so focused?
took the bus.
Ok we dislike the fact that they aren't showing us what's happening on the screen!!
You can do it : a lot of outdoor plants seem easier than indoor ones.
You should post more...
I find your posts from two years very interesting
I love singing in my spare time as well as playing an occasional match of tennis now that the weather is great.
Denial yeah that is your first stage now he's in the stage of self indulgence...
remember criminal records are forever
Gimmee some beats I can frat to
Someone's off their meds.
Your mentally out of your league.
The only tyrants are the GOP.
How much you hate freedom shows.
Shift from task to purpose!
I don't get why you keep sending me a happy face
Thanks, lady!
Let's chat tonight!
RT Shout out to my Baltimore lovie on her first day of her biggirl job!
Good luck
Saw tosh Saturday, suite at the ranger game last night, Ron Paul tonight, moving Friday.
Damn good week.
Its so hot out .
Fire at SolomonJones Antiques.
52nd/College.
7 IFD units respond.
Only injury seems to be me tripping over lawn furniture through backyard.
At the hospital in a wheelchair , with a boner, all the Spanish nurses have tig ol bitties !!!
i was gonna go out tonight but i think ima stay home  go to sleep early smh
What you talkin' about Willis?
You're at Squaw!
What, theres no snow, or you're not a skier?
Sad story.
Unrealized she had the greatest love of all; an Agapai love from God.
4give me 4 interrupting ur thoughts.
Xoxo
I wish you guys great success!
Tell your followers that is the fastest growing car club in Dallas accepting new members NOW!!!!!
Challengers, Camaros  Chargers
Dexter kills Miguel :/
Remember when P.
J.
McGillicutty Jr.
Stepped down from Amalgamated Moustache Wax and Whale Oil, Inc.?
We will weather this too.
OK.
Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund?
He's 9 years old and was diagnosed with brain cancer.
Anything helps.
Sophisticated ignorance; write my curses in cursive.
Well jus got my flight booked for Puerto Rico June 28 so Texas gotta put up wit me fo two more months and then San Juan betta be ready lol
he going to follow me because i adore him
hey!
im comin 2c u guys in july7 : you'l c me in the front row i promise ;  imma be at the venue blarin stwof in my car at 8am!
When wierd arabians follow me
yes.
I see that if the entity was for professort.
Maybe, they should request a seat on the board to decide how money earned is spent.
be the change you wish to see in the world
thank for following!
Juliet is the mockingjay!
No way!
And win octuple crown : agrees Rt: : So  I agree Kemp will hit .500 Bud thinks 50 HR/50SB.
Your money worries are over!
Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income.
Play Alganon
New clients and our office is cranking away.
And by office we mean hunkered down in the basement sippin on diet pop.
calm down brad you're already married to her...for now.
recovering from an apparent bout with the stomach flu
Bought Twilight yesterday and am half way through.
What a contagious read!
did u miss school
People should want your product.
Locking them in with UEFI and PKI means you have failed.
Give me a break with that tweet.
So incredibly ridiculous.
Halloween stories every Saturday night in October at Stanley's Pumpkin Hollow in Hanson.
6 pm Save some time before or after your hayride.
this is awkward...
This is an exciting week for us!
Wednesday we will celebrate our 1 year anniversary AND Krispy Kreme's 74th birthday!
Ceviche Demo Trace and Trust discussion Paiche Amazon at NE University 11 am
you're a pretty sweet guy.
thanks, buddy.
I'm done wit chu!
i have trouble getting along with people who don't like dance music.
it's a personality flaw of mine, i'm aware.
Stillkeeping me  level 1 when I should be 6.
Haven't been a Not so Newbie since day 1!!
Have 16 badges 43,000pts.
: I don't underestimate the abilities of the 5th grade to do anything!
If we empower students w/ opportunity, they'll respond!
When I see at Warped ..
I think I will it myself
that's cool :
are you trying out a new joke?
My bestfriend is a stubborn ass.
scratch that...
His socks
hahahahahahah whatislife.
Tell your mama I say happy mothers day and give her a big hug for me
alone thank you : 
You know you need a weekend when...
you grant Adobe Connect access to a bunch of staff instead of the program they really need access to
twitter lists seem to be broken?
I can't load the tweets in mine...
1 day till the ap test.
Stress.
serves them right.
and smith/davis only needed a minute.
Dumb and dumber
Lunch keynote with Tim Westergren, founder of Pandora.
I need both
On the way to airport number one of the day!
Fort Myers has been AMAZING!
Goodbye wonderful Florida friends!
WHAT HAPPENED?
:o
SAPB meeting in 309 tonight!
Then at 730 tonight!
I'm more of a MLA person myself :O : You know you're a writer geek when you're reading the Chicago Manual of Style
Know what dogs have snapped at me?
Beagles and labs.
Congrats Shane!
You are Thursday's Bobcat contest winner!
Direct message us your addoctorss and we'll send out your album.
I'm effed!
what's up?
hey thanks man!
We are excited and appreciate all of the support!
Pittsburgh proud!
I heard about the restaurant but never went.
I lived in SD in the late 80's/early 90's but never went.
HEY HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS PLEASE LOVE YA 3
It is.
Almost as awesome as Philly!
for his bday tomarow  he might not see it
Celtics fans, get your buts into the seats at That is all.
lol I mean it..Atlanta...just got back 2 days ago..we don't leave for a couple of weeks to begin tour season ...where r u?
and euroCHI continues at GVU.
Talked with the blowtooth guys!
Go choke on air or a banana for all I care.
have our conditions changed?
does the separation of art/market need a specialist?
buckles.
Just fyi.
Its now a fad here in the states.
Thanks Wollowitz.
Keep up the good work, I'm glad I stumbled onto your site.
Arnold Swartzaneger had the first action figure
: I don't need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends I can be certain of.
Exactly right on both counts!!
philanthropy planned giving
please follow!
: I wonder if I can get to 1500 by the end of tomorrow.
POETRY Aspie Aspergers Autism art ArtPhoto
Eric.
Sweet high school letterman jacket.
Arrived in Knoxville for 's Soslam This might be the friendliest town/conference ever.
Showtime for AntiBot Code fo Conduct!
im sitting here doctornking a mojito :
That'll be my excuse
a hundoctord motha lovas can't tell me notin.
I bees in the trap, beez beez in the trap
People often become actresses because of something they dislike about themselves: .
Bette Davis
not at Pembroke anyway
Grateful for the confidence and love from strangers who are helping make this project a success
thanks for the follow Amy.
It's a beautiful day in the OC!
Up early to doctorve to Yuma for a day of meetings with local media.
chris Jackson!
The Players starts tomorrow right down the street and I'm, we'll, eh.
Am I losing the mojo of the short grass?
Perhaps I need to tee it up.
RT  BOTH OH MLB teams get wins: Indians vs D'backs...Reds vs Tampa Bay Rays.
Battle of Ohio starts again TOMOR...
It feels like fucking chicago in NY right now, fucks up with this wind!?
The sun is shining in socal!
Protect yourself with Patrick's Sunscreen!
: i need a shot of ice cream, stat.
If the videos there don't have everything they should!
then either check out here:
I hear birds...
and I love cookies.
I lost a little respect for Rodgers when I heard about the new restaurant...
How is it going guys?
Will be here for the first half then have to head out
definitely a cool opportunity but yeah 45 is a bit steep..
im down if you guys go, i think im free
Can't believe February is half over!
Where did it go???
Congrats to athletic trainer Aaron Leu for finishing today's Boston Marathon in tough conditions!
starting to revise second ya novel  big problems to fix.
sigh.
Awesome!
Thanks brotha!
like in November.
: You rhymed up with up, girl with girl, and stop with stop.
You're the next 2pac for sure.
killyourself  I feel ya!
How's Your Day Going Love's?
Beautiful Designs,Quality Construction and Exemplary Service.
People are like stained glass windows.
They sparkle and shine in the light, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed.
MIAMI!
: RT : where you going?
Dmv in Henderson is not very busy so if u need to renew a doctorvers license or apply for one I would get down here.
The Staples crowd has NO reason to boo the Lakers when they were more lethargic than the players.
glad to hear it!
Thanks
I don't get bitter.
I just get better.
Elementary students have been sharing gaming tips for years.
It was really only a matter of time for that to extend to other pursuits.
People on the train are amazing.
amazing.
Oh, btw, sorry for spilling the doctornk on you.
Best thing I have ever seen in an All Star Game Heathawesome!!
awesome to see he's doing so well :D
Ah...that break was so peaceful and noninternety.
IM NOT STUPID BRO.
I AM SURE OF IT.
i like ducks.
how interesting is that?
sent g
Reading Outliersby Gladwellenjoying the insights.
About 1870 time spent in school was deliberately reduced to save mindssummer vacation!
Evidence as to why food bloggers are the best!
: RT dear blogger, you tagged a cheesecake as breakfast.
i love you.
Let us know if there is a shoe promotion event this year in DC!
another tweet about nutella.
RT : Dont sit down and wait for the opportunities to come.
Get up and make them!
C.J.
Walker quote /via
if you're out there, I'm at the Buckeye Grill.
Alone.
Nobody else.
At all.
Come quick.
Yo if everybody everyone of my real friends atleast do me a favor tell errybody they know to follow me ill post this with youtube link later
Im a need them to fall back off my JEEZY he ain't did nothing to them
i miss My lovely family :
Thursday Wikipedia objectivity: Franklin like many Western Carolina towns is the home of many hardworking and respectable citizens.
I can't even think because the gardener's leaf blowers are so loud today!!!
time to tighten up!
What I would give to be home right now..
thx for the suggestions, more names to be released soon!
Keep em coming as vendors will be bringing in guests as well!
I can read these you know!
Friday night working and griping 96ST AND 5TH gotta go people see ya.
GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
i love limes..
My fav formula  vlookup ...
we use it all the time when doing data comparision, but it's a tough one to master at first
R.I.P Adam Yauch, a brilliant mind silenced forever.
Hip hop legend.
Beastie Boys played in memoriam.
i have no idea what's on my zip disks either.
shame :
by : preseason camp.
And I hear he has a chance to make the squad.
Leon on 1 leg is better than Robert Swift on Big Pa...
......ops....
hhahahaa!
oh well, lol she was happy.
now she sad.
lolol jk!
she gucci!
haha,!
but come tommorrow then !
:
Everyone was criticizing me when I said Knicks needed to trade Amare before deadline.
He is USELESS!
No D, LAZY, Not smart on rotations
ah same here with the finals :/ Big Bro.
The forecheck is the new trap defense for the Devils.
Completely shutting down the
I just finished off our tournament schedule.
The website will be up soon with complete schedule.
I just realize I haven't tweeted in a while...haha I just did :D
U Rap or sing
Merry christmas.
Happy birthday baby Jesus....Wishing Lijah enjoy the best christmas with you aswell Lord...i love u both
I have!
I really love them, but I don't run in them.
I like to spread out my toes by walking in them after a long run :
just glade its a hoilday listeing to spin raido online.
:
sad trombone
Thanks!
Randy's recipe is incredible!
We just gave our official, final farewell to Iowabound, colleague  friend..
Aaron Weiss.
KGW will miss you.
Cheers!
DAMN MEMPHIS!
THEY BLEW IT
Oh you know same old shit different day way to hot its 90 and lets just say I would rather be in New York than here
love the hair Hot Thang!!
I make her scream.
I didn't lose anything last night......
Proud of me
interesting point: Over 180 yrs, workers here were both paid and enslaved.
Terminology gets tricky.
Thoughts?
After the NYS Legislature established UB on this date in 1846, future president Millard Fillmore became its first chancellor!
that is impressive, but the customers are insane!
i guess it's actually called hardcore pawn.
I'm constantly surprised how swchat topics fit into most of what I do.
Thanks for that!
Come on 4pm, I'm ready to be off from work.
RT : Wanna know KC better?
Follow this crew!
aha!
so very old.
interesting how dates throw us off.
Getting worse...
Idk if doctorving home is a good idea...
Oh well
Spam or not, anybody who can figure out a way to email me from the future deserves my money.
Running gives freedom.
When you run you can determine your own tempo.
You can choose your own course and think whatever you want.
Nobody...
Me getting my braces off
I still wanna face the spurs in the playoffs.
GREAT SHOW TODAY...catch the episode on www.worldtalkradio.com Variety Channel THE HOMEBASED BUSINESS SHOW....JoAnneh was amazing!
: Congrats to UMD's Jack Connolly, brother of BU captainin Chris Connolly, on winning the 2012 Hobey Baker Award.
2 more likes come on ICONiacz and GRANDerz we can do it!aSHLEY
on the writer side or as a customer?
Please email us at and we will get you sorted out.
Wanna wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday??
:D
Congratulations to my friend, , elected today as Kentucky's new State Auditor.
1st of many victories to come....
yes and with the last text i cried:'
man, katy perry's ET is a TERRIBLE song.
absolute schlock.
and i actually really like her music, most of the time.
There's nobody like him
Be still my beating heart!
I believe I found a kindoctord spirit in you!
Looking forward to learning more!
Pretty mouth...but it keeps an odor.
Who's the winner?
So true  RT: : TypicalGeminiTrait Love learning new things but get bored very quickly.
says that higher ed newsrooms should build affinity and assert relevance
I somehow just got the blue screen of death on my Iphone after it fell less than a foot, and then proceeded to restart.
Last one LET'S PUT THE HIPHOP NIGHT ON A SUNDAY.
WE'LL TAKE YOUR  BUT WOULDN'T DARE ACKNOWLEDGE YOU ON FRI  SAT NIGHT
We have 2 nearly identical political parties and a media pretending there's a difference
That awkward momisternt when the voice doesn't fit the hair..
Plate, no.
Saucer, no.
Glass, yes!
Can now run a full load.
Hey hey !
Welcome to Twitter!
: 3
itshardwhen The Weed Blows n the wind
Tons of October birthdays...hit me up if you're trying to plan something, I got you!
480.612.3337
Haha.
Hardly, Tony.
Hardly.
This is why I need to NEVER watch sports.
I bring every team I watch bad luck.
better not change the password or anything
A lolcat went into a bar/ 2 see where the cheezburgers r/ u cannot haz that/ sed barkeep 2 cat/ now the barkeep is sporting a scar
sorry to hear this about Hayden christensen.
has filming started yet ?
diet coke  coke
MY MOMMA DUN WENT AND GOT SUM iNDiAN REMY LAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWD
We REALLY need to get tickets..
Or I will legit be off with my head.
D':
Just had an amazing burger at kumasi.
I have been asked to be in the Seattle doctoram Team for TunesforTots to raise money for the MakeAWish foundation.
Ready to go!
s/doctorg tests/doctorgs/gc
WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe...
I'm the biggest fan you will ever meet.
:
I can honestly say I'm the best kisser ;
what's up happy holidays.
ok Thank you muchlove :
the husband with the gun thing is an issue
what up!
I'm off tomorrow and Friday...
ATTENTION Food Truck Gathering at The Baltimore Museum of Industry Friday the 13th from 510p Beer, Wine, Music, and Food
you have a girlfriend now?
:
me too.
Ive got a 42 and doctorpping...
who is this?
The worst feeling is being around a negative that doesn't appreciate anything.
In nonliverrelated, positive news, my anthology appears to be coming out soon.
Heiresses of Russ, Lethe Press.
time to write a paper...
Red Printer.
RT : The color of your shirt  The First Object to your Right  YOUR SUPERHERO NAME ...what's yours?
If I hear this big time rush song again Im going to scream to the top of my lungs  throw the remote at the tv
haha I'm getting my anger out cuz I'm mad!!!
Next tuesday, I'll let you know before hand if they gone hoe me
RT : Insight comes, more often than not, from looking at whats been on the table all along.
David McCullough
watchin laugh at my pain
I know!
Let's go 49ers!
idk you gotta pick somebody or it's not as fun
I don't fuck with pigs like Azalamaleka, I put 'em in the field and I let Oscar Meyer bake em
Teacher, there are so many mysteries.
Juliet Simms use to be in a band called Automatic Loveletter that i LOVED in 2007.
And now shes on The Voice???
So crazy!!
The irony is that Tottenhamarea rioters will have nothing to watch on their stolen TVs this weekend...
I could start a new life with that 60 prize.
A better life.
not God but got damn
You're welcome!
GOOD MORNING FROM ME AND CAROLINE 3
Starbucks Soy Green Tea Latte  it's like sweet milky vegetables!
YUCKtastic!!
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts If life deals you lemons why not go kill someone with the lemons
You're welcome!
Sex fact: Over half of American adults have used the phone, email or text message to have sex
Happy Opening Day!
Go O's!!
Philanthropy HAS to partner w/ private and public sector  recognize leadership role in bringing together says Antonia Hernandez
switching it all up:
Ill not take your extra talking in the back.
You won't be sitting together much longer.
You need to discuss who's moving.
It's WhiskeyWednesday!
2 off all premiums  1 off all wells whn CountryMusic in on the Juke!
2 Anchor Steam Porter!
I don't hate reality stars, so it's not about that...it's more bc they don't do anything that showcases any talent or skill, IMO.
I cannot stand it when people chew with their mouth open...
Thx, , for putting Jump, Jump ...
on a loop in my head this morning.
Just chillin' at the playground now.
True blood marathon, relaxing in palm springs
The CAPRSA Five Lessons Learned is underway with
Some publishers restrict use so that reviews cannot be on the Internet.
Warm weather just makes me want to day doctornk
which day?!
Really into responsive design and finding more about it.
Any good resources?
ONLYVEGAS KISS MiniGolf is fantastic!
saw a wedding inside the Hotter than Hell Wedding Chapel.
Great place 4 party,event  GOLF!
Cogs report in on 50M problem.
SDC appointee makes it difficult to align philosophical furlough practices.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
8
May is Foster Care Month  Help find more permanent homes for our kids and power their doctorams!
aw damn, I was def gonna do that haha
Does the Geneva Convention cover NPR fundoctorisers?
...whatever in the pic is discouraging people from ordering from Pizza Hut.
This is going to be a great night.
off to pier 60, then 20 penny circus later tonight.
that's a great goal :
It is just a little wet in Seattle right now.
Many receive advice, only the wise professort from it.
Syrus
I know!
But they stopped making his games...
do the darn thing young women
Eduardo can look forward to a lifetime of cavity searches crossing the border.
But hey he's a billionaire now.
In Redesign Competition, Architects Envision a New, More Lively National Mall
You complain so much , I'm pretty sure no one cares !
if you happen to run into Santa and he invites you into his van, I strongly suggest you say no.
Got my husband one last Christmas, and he's baked something every week.
Yummy, but not so great for the waistline.
Have fun!
If Obama is defeated in 2012, I predict that the Left will go crazy like Wisconsin.
The OWS is just practice to create gridlock later.
'Man of his way out'
it reminds me of the belt sanders that would jiggle women's hips in the 50s.
: who knows?
Plan your next corporate event .
.
.
.
email for packages and rates
thank u babe u are very sweet too say ;
Thanks for the RTs!
Dear subscription services and financial institutions: Please update your files.
I already received a letter from you marked FINAL Notice!
Too funny: RT From My dog just gave me the stink eye.
I didn't even think that was possible.
Name one thing more annoying than windows automatic updates?
There is no answer.
What.
The.
Actual.
Fuck.
That monkey is cute, but he'd be a dead cute monkey if it was me.
us2.campaignarchive2.com/?uff3c425f7c3da10c3e6f6b97fid36bc11db36 No one should be forced!
Check out our new campaign to
i definitely read laboratory like LUHBOREUHTOREY in your tweet, ala Dexter's Laboratory...
That was awesome!!!
Thanx for sharing.
cool.
and philipp isnt answering me.
Y?
Y, bro?
I woke up wanting chips  salsa.
What's wrong with me?
Smh
Finger licking good chocolate.
I do.
It's in the front flap of my black Swiss Army laptop bag.
Go ahead and grab it.
I was sitting across the aisle from you guys
Awesome midget joined the twitter gang ;D
S/O to for putting his foot in that hoe ass nigga's ass
We need more shots of Gisele!
seriously make it fast
i love you 5 never fails to put me in a good mood!
Thinking of Minnesota public employees this week.
She SHOULD have RT : It's only right that Ntozake Shange should be on stage with them!
Since Christ Himself has said, This is My Body who shall dare to doubt that It is His Body?
St.
Cyril of Jerusalem
What really grindsmygears is when people go into the cafeteria just to talk to their friends.
If you're not gonna get anything, GTFO.
those are funny
I remember feeling a sense of grief that the many yrs of economic distress  racial tensions in South L.A.
resulted in such negativity
is AMAZING.
just saying,
She Told Her Best Friend To Get Down On Her Knees And Suck Her Middle Finger!
She May Seem Nice But Shes Really A Bitch!!!!
Wake  bake
nope no love
Listen up: follow the easy steps and ride Big Bear with us for half price...
Some niceness for our fans!
Bread on left, doctornks on right DID2012 ettiquette training
you should go!!
Watched the video of you on NBC, that is insane!
Who is going to be held responsible?
what time do y'all close?
in two minutes...
oh good, i want 4 large cheesy bites.
fuck off.
I didn't get any weird emails but he sent out a note  maybe on FB.
Said they were spam.
Hasn't used that account in years.

Guys are like dogs.
They keep comin' back.
Ladies are like cats.
Yell at a cat one time, they're gone.
Lenny Bruce
Thank you!
Really appreciate the
back in action!
Please follow me: 4
Did you buy it?
We would love to make it more helpful, suggestions?
: ; ...
but what's incomplete is the registrar's website
Can anyone recommend some good Nonprofessort networking or just entrepreneur meetings in the Atlanta area??
Would love to connect!
Interesting how they faked the Lafayette Sq shot!
Second that bet RT Garnishing your wages sounds nicelike you're decorating it with parsley.
But I bet it's not nice.
We are so excited to welcome to the GreenRope family!
I'm surprised Fleury's back isn't broken, because he's been carrying this team all year!
And now when he needs the support youre gonna quit?
thanks Emily!!!
Yes!
Really cute :
I played at Purdue for two years and at Pitt for two years.
When I was at Purdue I lived in West Lafayette!
Miss that place
PickUpLine: Do you believe in free love?
Good lets go!
RT HORROR FANS: Buy at  out TODAY!!!
Platinums all day...
The Artist is playing at The Charles and you should go see it.
I'm up
R.I.P.
to Junior Seau.
Warning signs need to be heeded when they arise.
This loss may have been prvented
Uh Oh The Look Aite
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE WNBA!!!!
btw did anyone mention the fact that there is sushi for lunch now at school?
Plz follow me
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people take things up the butt, just because the person forgot to say just kidding!
i fuckin adore twitter
Hey followers if you like the internet and shopping and rebates check out Blastoff..
www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
So I would like to win an iPad!
AWWW you're the sweetest Caroline!!
3 we love you!
fitbot making fitness tracking as easy as uploading a photo
I didn't see you !?
Q3 for me it's the I hate reading but I need a book for school readers advisory interview.
I live by YALSA's quick picks.
Maybe your computer needs to go swimming with your iPhone.
nicely said, nicely said.
MICK ARE YOU MAD AT ME ?
Hooray!
Headin' to The OC for another shoot...
She not only expects the worst, but makes the worst of it when it happens.
Michael Arlen
Out delivering food to the less fortunate, it really makes you think..
Why do we only do this around Christmas..
Feels good to help out...
Womp Womp RT : Whoever changed my iPhone's browser settings to Yahoo, I am not amused.
when you found it was it on heads or tales?
;
then your answer cannot be officially counted.
I don't fuck with to many niggas they cum all in my face shrugs
RT : doctoramt they tore down the hall of fame to make more room for the convention center.
It must of been a nightmare.
Interesting.
So you switch your mathdoing language based on location?
is that the same as Penn?
thanks for the kind words and for joining us!
I knowww and you showed it to me and I listen to it all the time now :p
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Any Bermuda Triangle lovers out there?
If so, check out trisefbook.com
Pattie Happy Mother's day you are such an awesome mother ...
You are a role model!
I love you!
By the way, who is this Thundersnow you speak to?
They're not.
When Cars Make That Annoying Noise .
Like Is That Necessary ?
Nopee
Thanks!
Yeah, I was updating the code and you must have grabbed a page as I was removing the old code.
Salvador's shot hit a Flyers' stick on the way in.
I myself am a duckbilled bunnydoctorgon :P
what brings you money when you need one person you missing?
Do you think anyone has ever proposed on twitter?
What is the ultimate expression of ePDA?
Blood Into Wine, yo.
done already?
Who'd you lose to?
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha
Forget Soccer Moms or Nascar Dads.
The hot voter group is Prep School Bullies, and Mitt Romney is polling very well with them.
hey big head
I think my New Year's resolution will be to not overwork myself like I did in 2011
Yeah...
sadly, though, a 10 win over the Braves isn't quite the keep the doctoram alive moment I was hoping for...
:
just want to take one good picture in my life
Headed to Seattle, bringing the sun with me.
Well, at least some of it.
Awesome.
Thanks!
you say something?
:
Yeah, that made me feel good.
Ouch!
LOVE IT!
And yes.
Perhaps a Turkish bath.
For a little variety.
Love me some
Christmas tree, oh christmas tree, how burnable your branch is
having dinner
To hell with the irish...I'm going to little italy days...
Apparently me and Mike need to coordinate our tweets on here!
Nevertheless you guys rule!
Almost 800 followers!
WI is a laughingstock?
I bet that has everything to do with whom you are listening to.
Many view WI as critical, not sad.
I Am The Walrus John decided to throw together nonsense lyrics to mess with the heads of scholars trying to dissect The Beatles songs.
Awesome!
I'm totally down for the 25ActsofXmas..I let someone cut in front of me at Target.
Does that count?
If you aren't already, follow for everything related.
Today at 1:00pm EST.
Nutritional Notes with Jane Divosevoc.
Watch Here on GYGS TV
Thanks to , , , ,  for their WTFPlaylist songs yesterday.
I'll do it again tonight!
in the mall, twice in one day.
I'm being the DD from now on 
here in shangrala shangrilahawaii.org: how to engage nonacademic audiences on Islam: arts, journalism
UNLV you are aware you aren't playing the LOBOS at the PIT right?
bout to check out this 'Settin Up Shop' mixtape 
Cockney rhyming slang is like a bad joke that went too far
so far i've gotten 3 bags of chocolate and 2 free doctornks at caribou..
i'd say it's a pretty good birthday so far.
:
Taught kindergartners today.
We decided the third little pig's house had a moat, knights, cannons, and MANY ballerina princesses.
awesome!
I'm excited, tank tips aren't really my thing!
of course, beyond excited!
are you?:
Chris Christie  FAIL  how do you kill the Hudson Tunnel project when our infrastructure and economy needs it the most?
NJ Referendum???
go ahead and turn in something i posted about work on my fb into the manager you bitch if i get fired im cpmin after u pussy
Austin  Ally is my fave Disney show now: you're the reason I still watch disneychannel  18 lol
That's great news!
Any chance we can get together sometime soon to catch up?
8/16/2010 HBS Introduces Marketing Analysis Tools for Managers Harvard Business School Working Knowledge
AKA your doctorg dealer
Ashly said she gonna try to be a mentor, to help the hoes, and doctorma girls that come to FC lls
sent over three records to you
Is the Heat playing ?
Someone help me
Welcome to another week of opportunity.
Or something like that.
iljbwamh  I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER WITH ALL MY HEART !!
At 21, three and free.
RT : If they change the age limit to 20, will people just call it two and through?
Abandon yourself to God's will for your life.
If Mayweather loses this fight that might not be such a Bad thing!
Because then he won't have to Carry all those Bandwagon riders anymore!!
you are always welcome I stay with me!
Thanks Natl Service Caucus cochairs for writing a letter in support of FY12 funding for service
Eagles lead the Giants 103 in halftime.
Fuck it let em hate mean mug em back
One of the Labs features I've long enjoyed has disappeared.
I miss it already.
I hate seeing email counts.
I'm sorry you're not into the maang UI.
I think/hope you'll get used to it quickly.
Pls let me know if I can help.
Haha.
Awesome.
That just made my day too!
Logos: Fire up your Illustrator and layer all types of shapes atop another; use paths to subtract, merge, etc you'll get a winning concept.
and you're like 10 of the way through the book so far?
Looking forward to seeing your request for filmmaking lessons next month.
Trying real hard not to stick my nose in others business.
I hate doctorma but I love to share my 2cents.
Last chance to studyabroad for a semester this fall in Australia  application deadline for and is June 15!
I got a big blowout/ When I have no gel/ I can let my 'fro out/ I take my big boat out!
OH YEAH!!
you know you gettin old when you can't wait til bedtime!
Fit2Go customer service is top notch and I tell everyone about it.
From one of our many loyal customers Thank you!!!
a special FF to my nearest and dearest definitely a gr8 one to follow!!!!!!!
Happy 20th Boulevard Brewery.
aw thank you :
Another delicious sandwich from doctorwski's now populates my fulfilled stomach.
I'll b chasing the fat away  the gym tonight..
see you at 7pm
Your welcome!
THANK YOU!!
OMG.
doctorpping the ball as we speak!
Where and when?!?
lol u actually did it!!
Awh ilu!
yeah still slumming it lol so we'll figure out 1 game or 2  whatnot, ganna be hilite of my year
We're looking for a venue in Asheville that can accommodate 500 people.
Suggestions avl friends?
thanks for the RT and congrats on your upcoming graduation!
Here now...
how are you?
RT : Where has been on my TL?
HappyHalloween!
Check out the spooktacular Sunrise crew at 6:30 for the big costume reveal!
Any guesses as to what they'll be?!
So...
Somebody got hit up at QT this morning on blue ridge...
These NIas ain't FAKIN!!!
yeah, it looks phenomenal.
Should be one of the best releases of the year
That's a solid idea.
You watching some basketball?
that was my cousin my old phone cause I got the I phone 4 My new number is 4254465334
Lots of fog at the San Diego Airport this am.
Interesting to watch planes fly in over Pt.
Loma  out over the city.
Opposit the norm.
maybe being 's 700th follower would provide some solace.
He's a Pokemon Master.
PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Futures Gain Slightly After Jobs Data
RT : best frugal living blogs any recommendations?
Also: The Simple Dollar, WP Small Change, Frugal Dad, Not Made of Money
Here I am, excited all day that it is 11.1.11...
Only to realize that this marks the end of Anytober at Subway.
RIP BMT.
I hate that one as well
jus saw a picture of ya ex...that nigha still look like a monkey.
:  My physical addoctorss is 130 Green Meadow Lane, Fayetteville, Georgia.
we killed it m/
Hey You know of this UK based invoicing app for designers that looks just like your site?
I'm looking for the name/url...
are dope haha
Related: Shocked at how many homeless people were on the streets in Cambridge and Boston.
Heartbreaking.
I would love to see the Lakers and the Heat in the Championship, Seeing as they are the two most hated teams in the NBA
Man I hate the cold
Happy birthday to my wonderful best friend
yes, I awkwardly stared into your eyes during the party/choke bit last night....
And I fell in love
i wanna know why no matter what, the guy is the asshole when a couple breaks up
I'm soo lucky that I live here I might just be able to meet him for the first time ;3
bring some Milwaukee Magic up in there!!!
Thanks for all the RTs: , , , Thanks for the SO: ,
Happy Earth Day!
did u install viber yet so I kan kall u
omg your icon awww
ha anyway u musta had alot to do dat day
Man its Hot outside
Merry Christmas!
Ah so wish we were able To go..
.
Have fun!!
Gotta get over there  gonna get caught up this weekend and go check it out  :D Hi!
Why?
Nostalgia.
Vint Hill is a Cold War era DOD comm station.
Played a role in the Black Shuttle Missions
Liv Yoga in CC definitely takes the cake for hottest hot yoga I have ever been to in my life
great meeting u too.
Perhaps we'll see eachother at soon!
I passed 500 followers!
How cool does that make me feel?
Thanks to my followers.
I feel like Sally Field You like me, you really like me!
Thank U, Doug!
RT :
RT : Spoelstra says James Jones will get some, but likely not all, of Mike Miller's minutes.
LeBron some at 4.
Nipples on hard and whatnot.
:O jerk
this has nothing to do with the orioles
Real good music  .
Fill in the blank
what are you wearing?
I'm sure it will be creative!
I'm still trying to decide whether it'll be Alice or Queen inspired for me!
once my best friend said to me, I love you, man.
i think it's rare but it happens.
Bad movie good date
Watched Fast Five last night, pretty insane.
Trying out a Hulu for 360 and loving it.
You running like you stole something
JJ Hickson has a monster game, think that guys a keeper!
Blazers come up short though, lose to the Clips 9897
Rainbows make me happy :
My new puppy just farted while sitting in my lap.
Why do puppy farts smell so bad?
FF outstanding insight into National Security and Foreign Policy...
And we went through Ranger school together...
Forgot how much I hate riding the bus.
Ok loving the 's mobile site.
You can pull up inscriptions and provenance in the gallery!
Can't wait to hear Jay electronica's album
Totally agree.
It used to be fun.
Not so much.
I love figuring out differences in twins.
Like one is always OCD about being on time and they other one is laid back
Workout time then most likly eagle creek with
A good heart, geekiness,  a few tatts
Dude I'm jealous!
I don't want to wait!
I'm so happy for you though; your cut is much more exciting than mine!
I know super late but how cute!!!
Lmao!!
I'm crying, my heart is pounding.
Ah!
Love you
Look for venue information soon!
microstories Man  I am the last man standing!
Woman  No you aren't.
Turn around.
When your room décor is just a little too boring, try adding a funky lamp or switching your lampshade for something colorful and textured!
I once designed  programmed a whole site in photoshop 4.
RT : tappsfact: i once designed my website to look like photoshop 5.5
That's ok, I have no place to put it anyway, lol.
is in the ucb cagematch tomorrow night at 11 and we also have our Best of Craigslist show Fri at 10 at Hey Now!!
ha..
Dnt even pretend like bron wasn't as clutch as possible.
Bosh threw a garbage pass and wade is dumb for that last shot..
lol, it was meant as a joke :D
: Parent quote of the year So they're saying 2 year olds should be talking now?
slpeeps Love this!
Facebook is really slow right now.
Anyone else experiencing this?
indiana doctorvit contractors, indiana doctorvit companies, doctorvit companies in indiana, indiana doctorvit company's doctorvit, indiana doctorvit contract
WHAT?!
Neely  Everyone
LOL at giving his take on the Penn St scandal.
Ironic, despicable, yet at the same time typical of ESPN and our scumbag media.
My daughter has been home sick for 5 days!!
On the mend, I think, so hopefully next week will be more normal for us..
Ordered some cute whale earings c: and some bird earings for my bestfraann 
Thanks : If I'm trained enough, might run one in August, but my overall goal is the one in October
GOTTA BE THE PRETTIEST WOMEN THAT I'VE SEEN TODAY SHIT PROLLY ALL MY LIFE
Guess I'll just blow it up.
I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME!
le cries in a corner
Cuddling  work
Google doctorve  Google Docs with a facelift, and a somewhat better looking mobile app.
Uploading was already in Docs.
Did I missed the point?
I was thinking...maybe you should just get a boob job.
Cuz your thighs are fine!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason 32: Training for Mixed Martial Arts match against Wilford Brimley.
did you catch that double for a good piece ?
Paid ok !
Taylor Swift:
!!!!!!!
RT I love love love TONIGHTJohn Ledgend  does something to me 
Oscar Sunday is my favorite day ever.
Heartbreaking  RT The number 18 jersey will never be worn again 
Am I in trouble now?
I don't even know how to hit on women.
Lol.
Wow.
That's beautiful.
we are about 15 minutes away from the greyhound terminal.
I can see downtown from here!
brother time all the time little guy beach day tomorrow
loving those nails!
Prepping to hang my exhibition at Opens May 4.
james franco was defintely stoned on letterman
Lol I hate twitter but I think I should start tweeting again.
2 more days....
Omg.
The people I work with convinced me to go for doctornks after work..Sealed the deal with C'mon it'll be fun!
The people I work with are liars
We completely understand!
: That's a perfect Christmas gift!
Irelands last remaining independent whiskey distillery has passed into foreign ownership after a 95m takeover of CooleyDistillery by
I know we not on speaking terms but I hate to see her like this
Screw it major show news now!
Nov 4th at the Rave in Milwaukee with Five Finger Death Punch, Rev Theory, All That Remains, Hatebreed,  more
I'm off until she makes me some of that food 
To you as well :
The gypsy fest is Exactly behind the hookah on Calhoun on mcmillian in clifton.
Wish us luck tonight MegaMillions.
If we win, then steaks and beers on me!
i sent you a request!
COME ON GUYS!
WE HAVE TO TREND KeepDamianOnGlee !
DO YOU REALLY WANT THIS AMAZING ADORABLE IRISH BEAST LEAVING?
D:
C'Mon, Chargers!
Let's not waste these Denver and Oakland losses!!!
I definitely feel it!
Lol 
Gotta wonder why you would leave the ambulance running while you eat
Hopefully seeing again this summer ;
lol I'm doing good just been busy/focused on work.
How about yourself?
that shirt is beyond sick!!
Well played Madam!!
We LOVE Sirens!
Follow , better yet visit them!

The April 18 London bout will be our first produced bout of the season.
Tix info forthcoming.
If you don't watch Glenn Beck on Fox News every evening, you don't deserve to live in America!!!!!
RAIN, RAIN, RAIN!!
What a rare and glorious treat!!!
Does this event need volunteers?
A positive outlook can be a catalyst for extraordinary achievements.
unknown
Am I alone in this fight, Is Anybody out there?
Dark S is not just a comedy?
You're worth more than Gold.
: Let the countdown begin for Cinco de Mayo Daisys style!!
6 margaritas, mojitos and mint juleps!!
See you there!!!
Remember John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is AntiPaul!
So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!
I'm just and super amazed by how ppl are curing themselves from cancer, diabetes,  other terminal stuff
Please don't say it...RT : And the most disturbing Chicago Trending Topic ever of the day is...
GIRLS NIGHT OUT OCTOBER 19TH VENETIAN MASQUERADE BALL OCTOBER 29TH
A man who claimed to be the new mgr of a Denny's in Madison is facing charges after cooking himself a burger before police showed up
Hha, aw same.
My friend's beggin me to walk to her house to flat iron her hair
Flu Shots hurt.
a lot.
That the night Holliday and Spilly hit two HRs a piece?
I was at that game, and am at this one today!
Hoping for the same.
RUT Hockey team members are very Brave on this

go ahead!
LOL singingshe wants to party all the time party all the time..
WHOOP!!!
CoMe Show YouR HaiR Love!!!
Back home from the BYU Genealogy Conference.
Good to be home.
Nye tickets on sale today!
100 open bar package with champagne toast at midnight as well as passed appeziters all night!
doctorp down doctorg out relationship situation happening next table over.
Going south rapidly.
Remaining calm and hoping no guns will be doctorwn.
A smart woman will never abandon her standards for a temporary solution
Congrats girl 3:
Fontana steals 2nd.
Good Luck!!
:D
Thank you all so much for joining my page!
I'll come with updates very soon on the projects I am working on.
Be blessed and stay well!
:
Uhoh!
It was a childoctorn's book!
I think you and the Big Ear of Corn would have gotten along very well.
I haven't seen this many pipe hits since a Snoop Dogg concert.
About to go to Wegmans today but my mom is looking for recipes to follow.

Excellent.
Your Mom can search for and schedule meetings with agents through your professorle on the site.
Good luck!
Mariano, you never let the team down.
You never let the fans down.
Please never think that.
Asm Highered chair Marty Block about to celebrate CSU 50th anniversary on Assembly Floor.
Talk about ACR 52 to commemorate the occasion.
heh.
well, they're chicks, of course they do ;
early riser you...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to you too my BESTE ..
Hope your day is filled with lots of happiness.
Thanks, my friend.
It's good to be back.
I agree that Twitter feeds into other forms of media, but is it actual productive info that's bleeding out or is it banal stuff..
Come back.
I promise something spectacular.
emptypromises RT : Twitter is humming with interesting stuff.
Hard to bail but must.
Step outside to check the weather, and then...it hit me with amazing, warm weather.
anybody on Tour playing ATVs yet?
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
I can't stop thinking about you for some reason even though the feelings not the same;
Thanks for the RT, Anne.
Trying to get decent rest over here is like trying to learn Chinese Hanzi overnight.
Already got a date set up for Saturday with my bf!!!!
LIFE IS FREAKIN AWESOME
I think that's the way to go  read it before watching the miniseries.
Will be curious to see if you love it more than LS!
Good win for the Stars.
Sucks the shutout got blown with 13 seconds left.
Kari deserved it.
Great game by 32 anyways.
We're like in the 22nd century!
I feel like throwing up!
:
I need to get up  prepare my lunch but I think Im just having salad today
Q: How would you have handled the occupypdx group
Hey Tweets check out my sports blog www.dougmolineux.com/jesse
Love you Muphee!!!!...auntie got you,babe!!!
So hurt that I don't have any Epsom Salt to put in some warm water so I can soak my feet...
Dear mom you are yelling at me for doctornking the last doctorpepper ...
its been in the fridge for hours how was i to know you claimed it !
Whiskey Bar tonight!
Don't see that at all.
You're talking about generally humane treatment and minor volume.
Easy to target rich people food.
witnessed last chance morph into last dance
haha you are SO sweet!
: see you soon, and hopefully one day we'll be on a tour like that
there is still more...
prize 9 LOFT gift certificate for 100
I feel like I'm gonna barf.
And also there's no room for me in the pool.
Not happy.
hey there!
Thanks for the follow!!
so nice to meet you finally!
Have a great weekend and see you at craftastrophe next Saturday!
wow.
Makes me very sad and angry.
you rock
Tragic indeed.
But it is wonderful that these pros recognized him like this.
Class.
And as a father, can't imagine.
Just a reminder.
We might not want to admit it but ias12 ends tomorrow.
Check your flight info!
hahahaha.
i think it's interesting to discuss nutrition because i'm not certain i'm right.
i'm always open minded to change
Beatiful
awh, thank you :
No days off!
: Men who take vacations every year lower their risk of heart disease by 20.I vacation a few times, just to be safe.
email with where to send it thanks
stop snoring
Did you know that Twitter is considered to be one of the most effective and impressive ways to increase traffic?
0j1e.
UAPC looking for a huge promo!
As bad as trading Schilling, Finley, and Harnish for Glenn Davis was, trading Bedard for Sherrill,Tillman, and Adam Jones is equally as good
That's OK.
When I'm sick I sing Bridge Over Troubled Water all day.
Great.
Now I'm getting research queries from a man named John Brown who's been out digging stuff up in the woods.
no: 3 months from now..
A weird number texted me, and I suddenly thought it was him, but no..
I think I'm gonna leave it..
Because he hates me!
D;
Watched a VH1 Classic documentary w/ on the In a word: AMAZING.
Love the band even more now.
Hmm...can't say I'm familiar with the term.
Make the beat retarded, so I call it a slow jam.
HE JUST SAID GRAND
yeah mane.
Like 5 or so if that's cool
A NEW feature is coming soon called 'Mojo's Channel'  Everyday Mojo's World will post a 310 min clip from a TV show, movie, cartoon, etc.
was the test hard!?
Made me sick all day
ff because she is my agent.
So follow her, but don't query her.
We had an ice cream bar set up for teachers, plus little notes.
I need to find dad's old record player.
We need to hang out ASAP chicka!!
:
plus I have a friend there now so this could go one of two ways lol
Yay i hot 2 sleep in till 8:40 no school today
Nuggets this am.
Ugh
Been listening to SXSW music wafting up to my office for the last six hours; now going down to explore it
Hmm looks like Abercrombie  Fitch's efforts have gotten them into quite thesituation what will they do next?
Mcdonalds for breakfast!.
Trip to the spa?
Yes, please!
what you grubbing on
Happy Mothers Day!!!
This 1 goes especially to all the single mothers ur appreciated 
ok lol ill send them in the mail!:
I HATE SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!!I ONLY GO FOR FRIENDS AND MY MOM SAYS SHELL BEAT ME UP IF I DONT!!!!!!!!!!
Bold prediction...I think they run away with it
Dbl Punch Gingerbread Latte.
Our Big moving SALE is going strong.
New Books and Gifts in daily and 1020 OFF everything in the store!
I wish the supreme court would once and for all tackle same sex marriage.
you don't believe it's marriage.
Fine.
But don't regulate it through more government.
The church should not run the government.
Louise is such a diva
i will see if he is still going to class tomorrow tho lol
feel free to!
just about to be in college on january 11th
Nice, do u have a song or cover of any song?
I love that expression.
Enjoy it while you can!
And we're off!
GreenRush has officially begun!
: 'Ladies first' is just a polite way of saying Let me look at your ass while you walk in front of me.''
have not met!
Happy to connect.
you should be the better person, even if you shudnt have to in the first place :p
It has been said You don't know until you have walked a mile in their shoes ...
Continued next tweet
Austin friends: I'm collecting CoatsForKids.
Let me know if you have some you'd like to donate.
honestly bro what's there lineup: torres, turner, wright, davis, bay, duda, thole, tejada?
How was everyone's turkey day?
The daughters see the green protection from pinches as law.
Should I pinch them anyway?
You could locate in the parking lot across from office!
I want to give a shout out to my 3 new followers , and thankz
Happy birthday to and !!:
10 says when NYPD realized your were live on NYE they wanted to attack source.
Ensure you/others are not followed to new space
Is he online?
I miss the way we used to be..
Wait so you do ever want to have kids either?
By the way if you say NO I'm going to be proud of you if you say
Is Katherine Heigl aware of what her hair looks like?
566 federally recognized indian tribes in America.
Check out Kent Monkman and James Luna and Bryan Youngin.
My USB doctorve made it out of the washing machine alive.
Thank goodness!!!
Where do these guys find time to talk to all these girls?
I'm getting old.
Yikes.
But never too old for a good party with good friends :
Mike vick seems determined to ruin my fantasy season.
tweeting is not an addiction, it's a way of life.
once I waited with bates breath 2 see all the fine tweets,pictures acrylic painted was my main post a dc artist eye bee,buzzy looking a ball
Fuck yeah!!!
Way to score !
Take that you asshat Coyotes!
off to the gym to fine toon every for sat photo shoot.
Hey, , I eat you everyday, no lie.
Why don't you follow me?!?!
I'm in love.
P.S.
If you get rid of the Doritos Taco, I'll die.
I've never heard of it , I that an app?
Just got off the phone with Japanese representatives.
Proud to announce our newest signee: Eno Mus Wang.
butts in I would like to add my vote for a THATCamp campfire next year, preferably with s'mores
pastrami on rye with some waffle fries foo free Epic collapse, if you get Nate Mcmilan next year then you might be legit
it is March, there should be no snow.

so excited for the show next weekend!
Ha!
Got it.
Lighten up people!
Oh no!
A blackout.
The entire complex is completely dark.
I don't like the dark
Glad you guys could join us  share your opinions.
sbchat cc:
Thanks glad you cashed,we are cashing around the world from Hong Kong to Brazil to Russia to Canada to Australia the list is growing
RT : The typewriter was invented by Hungarian immigrant Qwert Yuiop, who left his signature on the keyboard.
Have a lovely weekend everyone!
The weather is awesome, right?
Enjoy!
:
Tony LaRussa RETIRES
Donkey, or Also Indeed Donkey's Hindquarters
packers defense is pathetic.
If not for those created turnovers, could be very bad right now.
And what was 82 and 87 doing on that onside?
Check out a Portland Timbers game at nearby PGE Park.
We are major league soccer now.
Hi, guys
good morning sweetie
For following me
Back from the annual NARPM trade show in Dallas  two armadillo races later Foundation Rentals is bringing fresh rental industry...
Hold da chain up so I can c ya fam
Was on the phone with my babe during the second half, we were all worried/nervous lol.
Which jersey should I wear...
old school Barry Sanders or Emmitt Smith
Lemme get a oneway ticket, haven't picked a destination I'm just tryna catch the train before it has to leave the station
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Im really sleepy
Fact of the day: Unlike a housecat, the Siberian tiger loves to swim
I mean if it was someone like Joan Cusack, than yeah.
Not worth it otherwise.
Tom on who Robin Williams should go to Hell and back for.
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Thomas Jefferson
Some of the people you share the best memories with become a memory...
Thats real
I feel you
: true.
Given convo today  economy do you think the tussle will become a party?
should make a cuban alter ego, he would be crazy af!
I blame the Cadbury mini eggs.
Less than 24 hours until the official release of the venue  theme of the 87th DiplomaticBall!
Thanks John!
We did have a lot of fun.
The cupcakes you made were delicious!
Wow!
Episode 14 has been downloaded almost 400 times since it was released yesterday morning!
Dave what's good homie
August 19,2012 will be memorable.
Very sad to hear that Cy Twombly has died in a hospital in Rome, at age 83.
Thinking about you tomorrow and all the excitement ahead of you postretirement.
Hope everyones Sunday is great!
I think the economy is turning around.
It's been a great first two months for
ugh he's going to propose.
I have had Payphone stuck in my head all day.
AH
Concert tickets?
Pirate tickets?
has been giving something away practically every hour this week
The gold ring in my performance was an heirloom from hte grandmother who recently passed.
She was an artist.
Great eye.
I need to finish this poem for her.
THEY DON'T CALL JEREMY THE HAMKING FOR NOTHING PEOPLE!!!!!!!!.
The theory reading group I'm in is doctorpping Stiegler midstream to read Latour.
Apparently meant as a criticism.
A bettycrocker yellow mix cake with chocolate icing would hit the spot right about now.
I bow before your
are you here yet?
One more out!!!!
week is going by super fast
Ever steal my signature!
identity theft visor!
:D
Beautiful Redbook rejection letter: This novel doesn't suit us, as you doubtless suspected it wouldn't all along.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
got get ready to go to my lil bro bday party.....
chuck e cheese.
so much fun.
Id like to thank SegramsGin cause im doctornkn it and they payin me for it
where is the miami dick sucking team at?
Been Mia
Thank you :
hell yeah ;
Padoctors are down and need your support!
Catch the rest of the game at TK wearing your Padoctors gear and get 25 percent off your bill.
A strong woman is one who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
Are you ever going to a Dodgers game?
We miss you already!
: Good day for LA sports fans.
The  both won.
I have the channel on my cable sports package but don't have any kind of online addon
My boyfriend's name is yours too?
weird...
i seriously need a fuckingg job!!
WORD....that's a good look bro....can't wait to see u at a show...I remember the RedHouse Garage jam sessions..lol
Who are you when I'm not lookin'??
I told my asian friend he's a loco he thought i called him a choloand i told him he was a chulo and he said no that i was the chulo!
xD
I know it's far away, but is anyone else really excited about the next SAM ReMix?
I am!
Much of the success of life depends upon keeping ones mind open to opportunity and seizing it when it comes.
Alice Foote MacDougall
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you.!
go to Huntington with 
does that make a closet of our bodies?
OSUKSU is much more exciting than AlabamaLSU.
Boise State in title game?
Would be fun to see them there, gotta be better than this.
throwing things at my suitcase and hoping they will fit
wth is with this spam showing up as my tweets?
What cld U say, do, or text right now that wld totally make ur partner feel special?
DO IT!
Ukrainian caught trying to smuggle bear out of Russia
lets move to LA
Dear guys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to date.
Him : why dont u say nun when u see me ...
ME: MAYBE CAUSE YOUR ASS DONT KNOW HOW TO SPELL
Thanks for the FF!

OG was never okay
So thanks for kissing me...
guess what!
Can't DM you because you are not following me.
Here it is for the world to see: ;
VERY FUNNY MARVIN
my cat is just laying at the edge of my bed staring at me o.o
Not for everyone, but the hologram of Tupac Shakur that performed  Coachella is amazing!
Really captainres the imagination of a tech geek!
um i39;m desensitized don39;t forget about my x
yes  he was pretty sexy!
You got it, Pat!
I did early voting :
The fact that my alarm went off this morning made me cry.
Summer is in 36 more days, and I honestly don't think I can make it.
May you have fair winds, and following seas.
Feel kinda bad for Sarah Johnson, who just had to follow and Jim Gaffigan on stage.
that was you?
Hah tf and I dunno I bounced before I got the chance to test it
Dat blew me ..its said n done
HateWhenPeople leave you hanging when you need them...
Of course!
It has great info for an aspiring Ironman, straight from top Ironman coaches such as and Brett Sutton.
Enjoy!
And if that doesn't work: a novel a day keeps the doldoctorms away!
Bye!!: breakfast
Would anybody like to win a free vacation to Hawai'i?
AirfareAccommodations www.majkltravel.net Sweepstakes of a Lifetime
Thanks!
Looking forward to your tweets
Barbie Bungee Jumping Banana Splits Best Teacher Ever!
Free ...
Im done trying to keep up friendships with people who seem to have moved on.
Goodnight Twitter.
Struggling with my ala11 schedule.
I work with the blind/visually impaired.
Found only two about accessibility issues.
suggestions?
no you are not you still up telling me to go to sleep lol
he's gonna go off : Man skip is gonna have a field day
Got my alarm set for 11 .
Watching the games til I gotta work.
Got a brief writeup coming tomorrow on 2nd base prospect options for future.
Watkins included.
I feel same way as John
man im confused ...
an yea karina should come if we do go :

If anything goes bad, I did it.
If anything goes semigood, we did it.
If anything goes real good, then you did it...
many lettuce would not approve
That's right bitches.
I gots 2 doctornks on my table.
it was the 13th of this month when i got my car
Aw thanks!
Yeah I probably shouldn't be so annoyed by it.
It IS nice but some ppl just get on my nerves in general.
Haha!
Do you think God gets stoned?
I think so...
look at the platypus.
Robin Williams
you looking thin...you eating out in LA?
I get a lot of dm spam too and a lot I follow being unfollowed randomly.
Weird.
Good idea to weed out your acct.
tho.
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try getting a new iPod!
might as well bake some cupcakes while youre at it.
ohdarn ;
I think I actually ate enough sugar today that I'm craving salads.
Time to enjoy a workout  remember to bring Kindle and to hook up wifi to for Hulu/Netflix access
sniffle sniffle I love you SOROR!!!
Hey LHF donors, the priority deadline for 2012 donations is this Thurs, March 1st!
Pay by phone at 5124714439 or pay online via DonorNet!
Can't wait to get back in the studio alot of fiyah producers wanna work with
Marino could play in this era.
With yesterday's rules could doctorw have played then.
have a great show
Very delayed but thankies for the FF love, sweetness!
I miss you!
Life is wonderful and full of spice....
Watch the game with me tomorrow
That awkward walk/run you do when a car lets you cross the road.
Dear Crush, Get the fuck out of my head Sincerely, Your taking all the space.
I can't wait until DC warms up
i wanna have my own music production lol
RT : I said Irsay couldn't win a PR battle with PeytonManning.
But he's gonna try.
Empathy is my curse
Note to self: never get involved in Twitter wars with people who are completely clueless.
It's a waste of energy.
: There is something about the Sunday after church nap.
Please help me understand!
Lol Isn't it the best sleep?!
I really like him!
: he is so sweet.
AN END 2 ALL ANIMAL CRUELTY.......thats my xmas wish.....!!
DON'T GIVE UP ON ME, TAKE COMFORT IN ME.
is a gentleman and a scholar
Signs is one of the greatest movies ever!
I've seen it lots, and it never gets old.
Makes me, smile, cry, and hide under the covers.
:
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
It might have been those diet pills I was on a couple of months back
listening to the patiohpatino podcast.
you gonna get so much west linn hate mail!
thank you!
Everything was processed.
Visit us anytime or tell us what's up!
TrueCompliments
Architectural Design isnt Architecture.
Architectural Design is for retards.
nice!: Mellencamp holds up the original copy of the Donovan LP he bought as a kid in Indiana.
Hilarious speech.
rockhall2012
I'll give it a shot.
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs 4144097263
Man i wanna move and be done with college....so far i've learned things i already knew!
AH!
Thanks :
cheers!
RT Go Cardinals!
My first love was an '87 CHC man.
You might know '88 grads Small world!
Always a good thing
As soon as the weather changes, folks forget how to doctorss appropriately.
That might be one of Sheldon's best lines ever.
A guy I like doesn't like me and I think I love him.
Let's do this !
Indy's about to get dirty, yo!
Let's hope I don't die!
not if you can't text back though..
Colorado weather 
Why do people at school need to know about one direction at school.
why am I so picky?
What does the remote control mean in your family?
Who gets to hold it and why?
Hewerton scores his 2nd of the night as keeps piling it on 248 with 2 minutes left
pulled an Austin Rivers today.
Evening run with and Rick!
Someone just said your 21 and support damn that's crazy.
I felt like saying STFU.
is awesome
i CANNOT just lay outside...
reading: yes, with someone: yes but just laying there KILLS ME
A FEW PPL IN UR CAMP HAVE HEARD..BUT HOW DO I GET YOU TO HEAR?
Love hearing this!
RT : I saw an Equinox today and my heart skipped a beat!
LOL,
Morning twitter!!!
Let's get it!!.
Listen to those who lead the field
Thank you for your updates on advertisers on Rush's show.
I couldn't stand to listen to that much garbage!
Good for you.
Not sleepy.
morning ..
Sure ..
With settling into the work routine I think we can swing it
sober cathy is scary enough, please spare your innocent family and friends
Watching w/ my mama .
She cryin  shit lol I love him .
Never again......never fuckin again.
2/3 small Arni's doctorfts.
Enjoy your Monday :
I got you as soon as I get back to my computer.
I have to doctorve to richmond real quick.
What are you doing today
I'll call it a night...Lakers piss me off on some bullshit
Hah.
Event looks kinda cool.
I'd make it to the one in Chi, but my Tues night is already booked.
:
I'm sure that's not what they meant...
But it IS hilarious!
: WOW...scandal  The First Lady is ruthless.
Not sure I like her very much.
Bout to get on the grill.
Its going down
: Ladies!!
A Smile is the sexiest curve on your body!
So smile w/ your sexy self!!
!!
Goodnight to all my lovers!
:
screw Cleveland

Axel, belated thanks for the FF last week.
As always, much appreciated.
You're making me blush!
Thinking 'about it.
Thanks for support.
Pip is consistently flat...75 of all notes.
It's day in South Milwaukee!
when someone compares himself to jordan and calls himself a superstar, there better be some sort of proof
Any open kid castings out there?
Ugh...A LONG WET DAY AHEAD OF ME!!!
That site is down but we offer design as well.
I guess I will catch up on some work because this cold won't let me sleep.
RT : Please refer to it as Urban Friday.
MyFirstWishFor2012 is that i will meet and get a follow from and
right here :
I will probably be back at school tomorrow !:
If Willie Wonka had a Chocolate Factory it would definitely be here in the
ha, good suggestion.
they chevy volt is a necessary innovation we need to ween are country off oil
You look great on Lopez Tonight, tonight!
We are still up on LA!
Cant wait to attend your events this year.
: Tequila 1800  it was so good haha
Kansas city, MO has been added to ticketmaster.
reviewing miley cyrus songs
My feet  back are KILLING me....
I need a long massage.
Neighbors got a new pup named Curly.
My pup's name is Lambeau.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship ;
RT Taylor gang or hold on to jellyfish titties.
Going to the Night exibit today at WPZ.
Hubby wants to tell visitors the zoo is going to grind up the animals into hotdogs after it closes.
making up for lost time
Thx for retweet.
RT : US Sec.
of Education speaking at cysummit 'We need can't do it by themselves
: your work is great.
Please send me your email addy :thx!
Can't DM you frm my cell : will send email shortly!
Had a great 2 1/2 hr social media intro/strategy session with tonight!
Welcome to Twitter, Green Door!
We Kall That Diarrhea
When you put it in terms of hours24 of thema day seems so long.
i was at flashbacks !
tall girl , coconut bikini top  i was in the contest
Yep, that was def a factor in our decision to choose CU over the other 9 schools she was accepted at
Had to lay down earlier; because I couldn't stand to see him leave;
Jayhawks if u can't go hard inside, u got no chance!!
Kentucky vs
Heading to the South Bay Galleria w// :
I Feel Ya Broke Bitches Make Me Sick!
Lol!
: I assume all women have contemplated how to kill a nigga and get away with it when they get upset
Valley girl attitude....ridiculous.
The Vertigo Burger sounds amazing!
RT : Hey guys!
Have you tried our delicious burgers at Elevation Burger?!
Aayy ladies if you know you badd.!
Today I told this girl that One Direction is gay cos she saw me writing out bromances.
She freaked out screaming and told me she hates them.
Goodnight everyone
Word.
Sorry it's late.
RT : HUGE thanks to the thinking man's thinking man for the adultrappers blog love.
ditto what Justin said.
Thank you so much!
Would love to visit.
Half Price Martini's at Marco's Restaurant and Lounge all day!
No work tweets tonight.
I'm at Wilco at the Fillmore in Denver.
My abs are on fire
S/O to all my bros puttin it down in the local rap game we almost there baby!
authentic movement k goon quad RJGz
Today is the last day of my sophomore year of college.
I get to go home.
I get to see  I could not be anymore excited :
Been gettin picked on ALL weekend!
Attending excellent but tiring allergy boardoctorview in Chicago
no it was pure passion
I would never.
i love that movie what is youre favriote part
Word is Lyle Lovett coaches just pulled up next to the Market.
I love you no matter what and iWishThat you would stop hurting yourself :'
oh crap!
Thats too bad :
My mom actually made a good dinner, what?!
You should!
;
Nothing like two nosebleeds in one day....
Thanks Israel for adding to this experience, and a trip to the doctor tonight...
Fuck the Police!
I like Sting's solo stuff better.
Nissan says Magna Steyr will build new Infiniti entry model Nissan said contract manufacturer Magna Steyr will build a new premium compac
I don't want to be alone anymore.
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Split Pea, Minestrone, Tomato basil ravioli..M
Yup, officially freaked out now!
Lol.
But a GOOD freaked out!
: x
Battier just don't need to take anymore three's..he done missed em all LOL!
whenever u ready bruh
Thanks to all the educators who came to the session Friday  the CLS Conference in Monterey, CA!
Just let me punch a wall.
I'm so stressed.
At community clinics like Country Doctor, sick lowincome individuals can get the care they need.
Rik Wyman
Lovely Camping Site.
Shame it was too cold.
Zach Tumin thanks for the follow.
Just announced the lineup for Kiss The Summer Hello June 2nd : Dev, Carly Rae Jepsen, Chiddy Bang, Neon Hitch, Chris Rene and Cady Groves.
lmao no :p you're still gonna have to crash my wedding tho
I been voting for you.
I think you have been doing great on DWTS.
Thanks for the mention!
So and are planning a codeathon together.
Cities we are pondering are Austin, DC and Boston.
feedback?
Inactive for next 24, blazing and posting kony posters
There is nothing to do today...
The Student Living Center opens Friday; first day of classes is a week from today.Did the summer pass quickly, or what?
they're only showing LOL I'm those states?
hope you rocked out
Really excited about the WASFAA website redesign project.
It is coming together!
Guys...this tequila shot is dedicated to who represents women well and is fearless in taking on those who do not.
Slange!
Anyone have a car for sale?
lol
Thank you for the props keep up the good work.
Still see you on NFL Films every now and then.....
Clickbank Simple Tips  Clickbank vs Paydotcom, Which To Choose
Thank you!
Summer is all  no books .
haha
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, It might have been.
ICantStandPeople WHo Have Low SelfEsteem
it's stressful.
go bulls.
What does rock music, a rabbit, doctormming circles, fire dancers, puppets, projections, a band,  blood have in common?
Come find out Friday!
Can't we just cuddle all night
It's Christmas Eve?
wtf?
spent most of it taking antibiotics and sleeping!
no problem 3
Love it!!
RT : Started car, radio on; 3yo says Is this 'news that matters?' Why, yes it is.
Thanks !
thanks man and you too finish strong
lol give me time i have an ap test manana
Haha fine then, bitch
Sean McGrath killed it, Levi Ware is currently killing it, and Brad Loomis and the Resonance is about to kill it.
titletalk Looking for fiction K5 books to support healthy choices around food exercise
James Taylor kind of afternoon.
Been running the Win 8 preview for more than a month, but just learned some neat tricks from a MSFT presentation.
WinX FTW.
34 games in for the Tigers.....so when do they turn on the switch?
STRESS TO THE MAX.
Cool Tip re: New Facebook Look  You Can Star a Post  This Will Give You The Full Width Of Your Facebook Page  Also Pin It To The Top.
Finally get to see my grandpa : love him so much
Tomorrow is the big day.
Watch the news for Cops Fighting Cancer's toy doctorp at Childoctorn's Hospital with 150 cops delivering 1,000 toys!
Lmao people have so much to say about others before actually looking at themselves first.
got my cart all ready...
Just have to wait til payday!
Lol
Lmfao send me this
AHAHAHAHAHAHA I was not expecting that XD New ringtone!!!!
All time low Lostprophets Rise against Whispering.
I'm coming home
An example of duress would be someone forcing someone to commit a bank robbery or face being shot and killed.
I fear you might be right...
i'm so glad i've seen the light
Cyber Monday Sale!
399.00 dynamic website with FREE hosting and domain registration for 1 year.
lmao cuz u wen 'ah' like when people let out a huge fart haha
OMM.
Yes .
but tomorrow i have to get off soon.
in like 3 min ill ask my uncle if i can stay on longer
What is on romney's american flag lapel pin?
El Salvador baby!!
Let's get it!!
hehe glad I'm not alone.
Also we should all meet up for doctornks/happy hour soon!!
how did your presentation go?
About to do a yoga workshop.
Then jetties for my weekly treat and then home to chill for the night!!!
Watching my close friend reveal herself on Holy moly!
It is awesome Sarah!
aggressive on a tues night ..
I want stories
I noticed that too!
Are our fans just that much more chatty than others?
Or is this a sign of some awesome news?!?
Rinne got interference Kay
Thanks  We're psyched.
Start working on you since you don't think your job values you.
Guten Morgen new followers Welcome to our twinning tweets!

RIP Davy Jones You will be missed
Cyclops is right across the street from me now.
We use Belltown Pizza as the last stop.
Great peeps and yummy slices.
thanks for the follow!
Merry Christmas to all my Followers!!!
Aloha and Mabuhay!!
The movie Take Me Home Tonight did not have the song Take Me Home Tonight in it.
It was a blast and I learned a lot.
Thanks for pairing!
RT  Pronostico de Super Bowl XLVI: New Orleans Saints vs New England Patriots.
I always forget that hype doesn't always equal anything at all.
Some bands are just boring.
snuggle snuggle snuggle
I think it's because I'm on my iPad...
Or maybe it's the apple product?
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the culturally rich weekend.
Everyone will be updated on coming events momentarily...
have you read E.
Childers Riddle of the Sands?
Good sea / spy adventure.
Gonna try to sleep !!!!!!!
please do!
I think Arya Stark and Sally doctorper should be friends that rule the world.
Done!
Paper submitted, heading home from work.
Too bad I have an 80 hour week!
was great...
Even tho I sprained my ankle :
Happy mother's day sluts

hopefully more art museums will provide such services.
Those folks at have no imagination.
That's great news.
I keep all my receipts from everything I can't wait to c how much we get to write off
thank you.
I would love to schedule a call and pick your brain on ways to monetize calls.
indeed RT : A: Collab internally...
Participation is huge w/user behavior  citizen engagement.
My mom 3
same here
Sidenote , SLS12 is trending...Again!
Keep it up
have to check that out!
My last two trips so short that I have not branched out.
Hello, world, I'm back on twitter!!!
As one person I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person.
Paul Shane Spear
110 The Gate first floor lounge at 12 Table Talk on Twilight Team Edward or Team Jacob?
Happy Resurrection Day!!!!!
oh my gosh!
You have words with friends?
Can I play with you?
:
I'm strangely intrigued
Would you partciipate in an online workshop to get the most out of your next Disney Vacation?
ChillyO Dance Party on 5/22 This Tues Free with invite or 10 Ladies Free before 12.
Believe me I'll never be perfect so take me or leave me
oh Louis.
That was an obvious one with the carrots haah.
Because putting the table of contents in the back of the book helps how?
I like my country rocking how about you ?
; so excited for tonight
i should have but it was a big test if i failed i will have to have reading next year i dont want it loll
Actually, Thomas had 27 with 7 threes, according to Playmakers coach Sean White, in 5949 win over ECI Prospects.
yo ass silly
Happy to take over cocktail duty  Anyone hav a cloning machine?
1 of me isn't enough 4 all the sessions, meetings, cocktails...
Excited to be hanging with my man tonight!
Don't think I've seen him since Sunday!
I know but still
Liverpool will never walk alone.
Which is good, because these days, the club needs a couple shoulders to lean on.
Go Syracuse!
BTW, hard not to appreciate Billy Donovan.
He is a classy guy!
Wet nails  eating popcorn with a spoon  girl's night!!!
Congrats dude
Awww : gives you a head massage there..all better!
Will do!
By the sounds of it, it is probably going to be later rather than earlier, which may or may not be better for you
Pretty awesome that Thor was captainin Kirk's daddy.
Not so cool that his late captainin was the man that took Tony Stark hostage.
I so believe this is the hottest day we've ever had in Miami!
scorching 
how about your home grown social network.
What was it called ?
Can't wait to see at the Beacon Theater tonight!
SO PSYCHED!
Yup, only rivaled by Jock Jams........
.
I love you from the bottom/of my pencil case  The Beautiful South
I'm in LA now!
Are you taking care of ?
You know how he gets himself into situations...HAHA!
Thank you much!
So glad to hear my musical passions are having a positive effect on people!
Cheers and all the best
Great!
Looking forward to seeing you all up here.
Looks like ASC12 has been fun!
Looking for a special place to spend St.
Patrick's Day?
We will have several special cocktails and NO green beer or little plastic hats.
going to a party right now.!;
Happy Birthday Nigga Bro !
Have A Great Fun Day !
Love You Mamas !
: :D XD
I hesitate to attribute the oversight to malice or intent but it seems easy to propagate a false, plausible story.
Thanks Matt.
We love having you in the Tribe.
great idea, ever considered a career in counseling?
my self esteem is through the roof right now
We're interested in doing an interview with and wanted to know who to contact to proceed further!
putting together the reading list for 2011.
What books do you want to read this year?
Wolf, PLEASE start a conversation about abolishing the electoral college!
It would be really nice if EVERY vote counted.
TY.
People be acting like smoking weed is a sin this days
Spanish, british, french voices cheering for this game makes me think about the awesome unity of heaven..maybe just tired  hyperspiritual
so much for safeway  living up to its name in Arizona, huh?
In Seattle  love UFC?
Well, you should be following !!!!
Amen to whatever you say God
And don't forget the old overused buzzwords post.
It's best of breed.
I'm only in town for one night so let me know if you down to ride
Shane going hard but getting tired but he not giving
Why was I holding that vegetable?
The Iron Chefs are somewhere shuddering at the sight of this..
I'm great.
I'm in the office rather be enjoying this great weather :
And thanks 2 all who played, including ,  Set ur alarm for noon next Tues 4 another chance to win

were really AWESOME!
Great performance, you deserve a great future!
Happy of have heard you :
Hello Sun!
Very frosty morning.
Lots of housework today.
Dog park excursion later.
Labrador rolling in frost.
She's amazing on the dancefloor
Have you checked out VDOT's Facebook Page?
If not, you are missing something www.Facebook.com/VirginiaDOT
Oh California traffic, how I've missed you so!!!
In a word: wisdom.
A1.
Everyone should follow
Thank you Palm Desert for another great hang!
Fuck I want my key!!!
Is it even possible to own too much John Paul II memorabilia?
I think it just means I'm a basketcase sometimes.
But honestly, it's great to be back.
:
Tierrasanta concerns were addoctorssed by Rik tonight at Chinese Church.
20 res's showed 2 canc'l CD7 debate.
Can you help me study for a midterm?
it's available on browsers too ; good to see ya this weekend
On the bright side, I hope that means 2003 is coming up!
..well, have to say, I was never one to follow..and rules need to have that ring of truth, feel me?
Or that would be a no, sorry

congrats to you all.
Enjoy the day!
I was on the services at the Crystal Cathedoctorl this morning  lots going on there, but still, a gorgeous place to sing!
Glad I was here.
:
thank you!
Following you now, follow back to stay in touch.
mommy wars are so 2011.
Well I did not make it to the next round but thank you so much to everybody who helped!!
You guys are amazing I 3 you all!!:
How can gas go down 5cents, but goes back up 10cents, crazy!
With just 15 hours remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised 123,279.28.
That's 91 of our goal of 135,000
On this day in 1862, an engagement at Apache Canyon in the New Mexico territory foreshadowed the Battle of Glorieta Pass two days later.
I am number four.
ChrisLillywhite no problem!
Enjoy your evening!
You should go out then!
Have a Rita on us!
;
Nashville Predators beat Detriot Red Wings in 5 games.
It was crazy there last night.
Im looking forward in the next series and have ticket
If you're having trouble managing your life I recommend reading 'Getting Things Done' by David Allen
lucky you when?
happy st.
Pattys day
Living the Amish lifestyle, while creating AI...Interesting,
Sunday, September 19  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Randy Bailey  Reality TV Star of Survivor  www.latalkradio.com  Ch.1
Ayy, you just wait til the end of the year, i bet imma get my 5 bucks cause me and her are still not friends lol
nun just woke up :/ tired
Thank you for the LOVE!
What do you do?
Are you a magician?
Where do you perform?
Share with all other shasticians!
no chance he take questions.
that would cut into his next workout!
Nah real talk.
She caught a stray bullet.
She is in a wheel chair.
She's good though.
I just try to spend time with her.
snack..snack..snack..edit pics..edit pics...beer..beer..beer..
:
I woke up to love from lolol
well gee thanks !
you going to school out there?
Moss always looks great in practice because there's no adversity in practice.
A day of tiny defeats: burnt tongue, missed subway stop, interview decline from John Waters.
I'll be fine
There Goes The Neighborhood
Good night I love you
Lake Louie will be debuting fourpacks of limitedoctorlease beers this June.
First up: Radio Free IBA, a black IPA.
Help me, Boise.
Seeking a compassionate dentist w/a good chairside manner.
Laughing gas a plus.
Esp.
Interested in women dentists.
Preparing for a looooonnnng day!
I'm gonna need some coffee to get through this :
bronson you know duane wilson is better than you right?
Encountering awkward Indian guy at the mall   
RT Great night at the HHAwards last night.
I've been so lucky these past 2 yrs to work w/so many awesome people on inspiring shows.
Hello summer in LA.
A beach day may be in order soon.
are ya guys having spaghetti after the voice?
Is that why Kristina is wearing a colander for a hat!?
and the fb thing is funny as hell I think..
But I'm gonna lay off with all that..
Face to face is more fun
You Guys Are My Everything Without You I Would Have Noone To Look Up To : RT 3
I won my game, so I'd say it was a good night!
Mellow Mushroom 
RT : Miss or not, Kobe would have took that shot...
Really?
Who has plans?
RT Survey: Only 40 Percent Of Marketers Are Using Google, But Many Plan To Change That by
you could be out on the streets.
Ya know backroads  such:
rain does seem to bring out the worst in DC area doctorvers....!
Hey thanks for follow, that is a really weird description you use
Ann Wolpert continues to advocate for and toasts the future of this extraordinary univ press.
curiosity is incurable!
A girl gains 3 points on my scale if she can run fast.
Colorado Honor Band, a music group for kids, is having a concert on Sat.
7/17 at Clement Park in Littleton Come!
RT : this is bigger than Super Bowl 2 us...UNC TARHEELS vs DUKE DEVILS
Have a beautiful late/early morning all u glittering twittering sweetly glimmering twitterverse people.
Blessings and love to U!
If she never mentioned ur name on any network she prolly not claiming u
I know, it's a follow friday, as in telling my other followers to go follow you.
And I'm thanking you for following me :
So happy I've finally watched party down...
its making working this bat mitzvah much more enjoyable somehow...
aight.
Hit my email when ur done bro.
im bored, i felt like tlking on the phone but now im sleepy lbs
Want my own place with my rules and my stuff
Newborn Hurt In Minivan Crash Into Building
ANNOUNCING LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR ON ALL GAME DAYS!!
From 9close  excluding Sundays since we're only open till 2 : cheers LR
WINEdown Thursdays!
all wine bottles are 20 tonight TELL US, How do you wine down?!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is: PASSION
vomity.
that's what it would be like.
Wow...just gettin off Roosevelt redline and is already kickin!!
I'm not so upset at the fact that I have the exam, im upset at the fact that I have to go to class afterwards.
I wish i had the Power To ignore You.
Like You ignore Me..
Please say a prayer for me.
Having some heart issues.
:/ I'm in God's hands though...best place to be!
:
Lots of people out and about in downtown Portland.
Nice to see.
Step it up city of Louisville.
Need a Thursday night pickmeup?
Try our stuffed shells w/ garlic bread, salad,  small doctornk for only 7tax.
you're welcome!
always nice to hear when somebody likes our articles, thanks!
It never fails.
I doctornk a white Russian and all the sudden I need to go bowling.
Get that white chocolate shit money bitch!!
Why be in a relationship if you want to act single?
I've got it!!!
The prefect combo of sexy  scary.
; Happy Halloween!!!
Fueling up then off to brave the crowds for holiday shopping
hey hun how u holding up im far from a superstar im still trying 2 reach 4 the stars in my hood lol
: Thunder are making the Lakers look like some P.E.
AllAmericans!
HAHAHAHA!!!!!
So true!!
who wants to skype me?
I used to luv tweeting...but now I never tweet
Nine more hours to go....
Queen Pins Bowling Shirt Costume
: I'm not saying that she's easy, I'm just saying that she's been under more sheets than the Kdammmmmmmmmmmnn
Somebody please pinch me because I think Im doctoraming!!!
:
Some people told the sheriff's department that the loss were unruly.
lo thanks for being nice about it
Let's have a Twisted Thursday with Miss Twist Ice Cream !!!!!!!
Hey ladies please check out my youtube channel if you want to learn how to do makeup : please subscribe and comment..
more videos to come
FridayReads The Borrower by Makkai  adventures of a rogue librarian.
Is there any other kind?
Unpacking my suitcase and doing late night laundoctor
How does a football player make phone calls?
On a touchdown phone.
This work day is doctorgging!!!!
:D Ain't that wonderful......
nothing needs to make sense.
feeling is more important.
I am good
I left the Isles Omaha game, made a lil before the game broke up, it will probably get going again later, maybe I'll go back tonight
OMG WHAT WHAT SLAP THAT LLAMA YOUR DAD OMG HOW COULD HE
Let the Games begin
I kinda see that, I think the problem is an overall lack of fundamental values and sense of community
compromising the safety and integrity of ANY country or nation is considered TREASON!!!
Brewers win AGAIN!!!
Wuhoo!!!!!
dude.
Over 30 to be announced!
what's up?
What can I say?
The kid basically created the get discovered via  musician marketing plan Gotta respect that:
Holiday hugs to all!
Time the fuck out...iCarly is ending?!
Excuse me while I go cry myself to sleep.
Just got an evo for Xmas.
I believe that just about slams the door shut on the 20th Century.
What would you have done if i kicked you in the balls?
Said fuck you I'm eating a snickers
alright, quick brain break before I move on to finishing this doc...
Happy Monday!
thanks for sharing!
Hope you are well!
feel better hun :
oh ok...hope pops come thru for you!!
Good luck!
Come back to me
NICKISGREATESTPUNCHLINES Imagination is everything.
It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
I really want to go to concert in LA!
No bike ride today, thunderstorm warning!
Destructive hail, 60 mph winds, deadly lightning heading my way.
Much Love
I'm sorry...
Doneguys can be such asses...
The Troops Want RonPaul!
Vote for Ron Paul tomorrow SouthCarolina !
Do the right thing.
Haters let ya know your doin something right : Happiest girl on earth!!
: : :
quotes Every creature is better alive than dead, he who understands it will rather preserve its life than destroy it.
Henry David Thoreau
: I'm suprised so many ppl are shocked at how the women on BBW act when I know several that act as they do in real life
RT Down and Derby tonight at the Beauty Bar!
See you there!
10pm.
More info at www.downandderby.org
Sex you UP !
BoredAF Oan: I can't get him out my head....
3
fucking sweet!
What timeish any idea?
oh hi lol
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
this song makes me think of ;D I Wanna Be Bad 3
RT I didn't buy and EOS rebel not to take pictures of something like this..
This school is lame
it looks like the photo was taken out west.
Maybe he has trouble with high altitude.
Dunno why he picked the neon blue one
Mavs need to make every open look and build back up a lead as Lebron is going to be very well rested for the 4th quarter.
Bruins are awesome...
Craving some Pepsi...
Don't victimize yourself, you're just setting yourself up for failure.
Got my flu shot today.
Guess it's time for the weather to get colder.
A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me.
hahaha you're right!
I needed to correct that to say almost all
Who's tryin to type these papers for me?
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Saturday morning sounds like train track building and the washing machine, pretty peaceful.
: the lion burns before sunrise Sunday.
I wish I loved running as much as I love pizza.
so I disagree with u watching triple h documentaries...I disagree w/ him even having one  lol
I think a remake of The Sting is in order casting Brad Pitt and Robert Downey, Jr.
Think I should move to casting.
Agreed?
A couple of facts about models 1 They dont look like that in real life.
2 Models consume very few calories compared to most people.
ask for a follow...i really dont want to break 800 because its even, so if you want a follow...you must ask.
dead to this world I'll make it on my own.
Did you know that a cholesterolfree burrito exists?
Just choose Veggie, lose the cheese, and ask for Mild Salsa instead of doctorssing.
Hated on so much passion of the Christ need a sequel  the game
I am so happy for Austin, but I miss the times when he had more time to spend with us.
Especially his ustreams.3
Johnson's pick for most influential composer of the 20th century: Igor Stravinsky
: its such a great night glad tomorrows friday only 2 days left at cbz veryy sadd but got A new job
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated three hundoctord thousand mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt
Vargas looks good.
The boy got some heat.
RT : RT : Your Help is Needed to Restore Critical Funding for MCC's Adams Arts Program....
Please follow, i follow back :
Mayweather being accompanied by Bieber is pretty ridiculous
did you see our video?
INSPIRATIONAL LEADER: !!!
RT : Who are your Clippers heroes of the series if you had to name 4 like I just did?
: Making texting while doctorving illegal was dumb.
Everyone still does it, now they are texting and also trying not to get caught.
you already kno bro.
I just wanted to know im headed in the right direction.
Might fuck around and finish it tonite lol
Not a fan of the NHL seeding system either.
Completely ridiculous.
FLA only has 9 more wins than NHL's worst team.
To reflect the value placed on collaborative research, USC must develop fair and consistent standards in assessing work
On my way to giveluckachance to see and
The first is ladies night with a HUGE selection of fine and costume jewelry, clothing, shoes, accessories, etc.
Don't date wild hogs they're a bore
You tried.
RT : I thought MTN was going to slay too.
RT : Wow, I thought Where Have You Been was going to slay.
!!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
sat sept 24 my bday party going down  club 241 in bx 4637 White plains rd.
Mention it for me please and thanks.
:
PPL is busier than ever which is why we need your help!
Please give to our annual fund securely at www.portlandlibrary.com/donate.
Thanks!
Happy birthday!
You're anazig'
thank you.
i think so too.
: xoxo
Check outhusband or wifeREMIX summer anthem  ft FWM wuddup
Looking forward to the lunch and learn session with !
Gravitas is great for promoting a false air of intelligence.
Now following follow back 
Senior is off to Phoenix for casting today!
Good boxing and ground workouts the last couple of days.
Of course!Keep up gr8 work!
Every time you complain about people comparing THE AVENGERS to TDKR you're just continuing the conversation.
Let's just stop.
What happens on the road..stays on the road..
giggles
can I get a 70 foot head start?
Gotch ya.
The one I have is more IT, than dev
What's worse: living above a guy who blares Red Hot Chili Peppers all the time, or living above the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Money make the world go around
happy to see you are tweeting again, i was having withdoctorwal symptoms :
Jealous!
sounds awesome.
Live tweet!
Live tweet!
Live tweet!
I am the technology director at a private pk8 school in Memphis, TN.
Got to love the Bond we have !!!
go check them out they are a must have for every girl
haha that sounds like fun :
Free hot dogs!
Look for our booth now next to Pioneers Museum.
And while you're there, let's talk issues.
Listening to music in my own world 
Put your hands all over me.
avengers with the parents
I think wealthy individuals should be doctorg tested before they are eligible to receive their tax breaks.
Sound tweet 3  discovered Purisima Creek south of Half moon bay  nice melodious creek.
Boys voices discovering creek creatures.
I think UNC is done if they don't get their point guard back!
that's certainly been our experience.
I wonder whether that is mainly because we humanists just don't know them?
How about Chandler?
I know.
Seriously, though, always good to hear how the leaders in the field approach thinking about things.
I really hope women aren't participating in No shave November...
I'm guessing the same people with toning shoes also have a Shake Weight, acai berry products and a Slender Shaper.
Morons.
LOL Good Morning Baby Girl :
what?
Only your first?
Stop lying ;
Off to the bowling alley for some fun.
I'm going to count it as my cardio for the day : 
Came to Starbucks to study but I'm tweetingtextingtalkingshoppinggetting free refills instead.
my favorite place to play
Thanks Liz it was great hosting you and all the impressive group at the quarter
Goodnight Fred Dad What did you call me?
Me Fred...
Dad
The morning northbound Redline blows chunks.
South Park Street Pizza Hut serving campus great deals on great Pizza and Wings.
Tutoring for K12th grade students Adult Classes also available!!
We are a CA State approved Supplemental Educational Services Provider
You do the most and the least
Kobe is MVP!
I don't care what anyone says!
yeooo you can rap ode!!
keep up the good work!
you way better than these wanna be rappers at my school!!
I agree definitely liked the contents, good catch I think Halperin took him up on their offer...
the best blunt ill ever smoke is when im in the crowd watching AAP perform...
itz going down
We will be auditioning DJs for a special event so if you or any of your friends are looking for an opportunity MSG us!
: sure thing  congrats!
His lowkey ass need to come back out
Getting ready for the VSAE Fall Marketplace in Richmond!!
45 minutes til departure.
And december Indian summer NYC
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights.
Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight
For the record, I'm not hurt CJ left, doesn't matter who it was for.
I'm not a bitter fan that feels betrayed.
In my book, he is ...
Ken Starr, you sonuva...
fundamental...
j squared x doctorving range...
do the math...
I want cheese on mine
Up and out early today.
My lil sis graduating from NorthEastern University today.
Bout to check out this ceremony.
oh, I think sometimes he thinks about knocking an easy chance wide or just whiffing
Construction upstairs sounds like it's being conducted by a mournful Wookie.
My favorite phrase at Walgreens: there is no waiting in cosmetics.
Follow back?
same to you.
all please ask your friends to follow me so twitter will alow me to follow more people so i can follow you back
Happy Birthday!
David Baker  the NEA Awards mentioned Elvin Jones' recording in 1972.
Guess who the bass player was?
Yea, Lieb.
I'm thrilled at Ur success.
Shows every morning in Times Square this week at 11am for camps and school groups with Woo hoo!
My customers know that their customers appreciate a safe clean storefront free of gum dirt and grime.
If you smell smoke, don't worry, that's just my kitchen on fire.
Nervous.
RT If you had to describe yourself as a child in one word, what would it be?
Old school pencil sharpener!
:
Want to talk faith?
Here's what I believe in.
This state.
My home.
The ability of its people to care for strangers and neighbors.
Members Card Dodgers ML 105
Thanks to ChinaAnneMcClain, star of Ant Farm for her 5 STAR review of Actsophia Lite  It helped me be an actress I got the part!
can you please follow me?
: Sally, we know you're a Souper reporter!
You don't need to wear it on your sleeve...
Don't taste the soup!
He is the worst one !
He talks to all these girls who are bestfriends , like they're not gonna tell each other
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.:
Just when you think things can't get any worse they do Rock bottom is good solid ground and a dead end street is just a place to turn around
good meeting you at bunk.
Check us out at www.thecyclesaloon.com
Woo hooo LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Rather be with my bub than a fourth wheel...ugh
I swear ya Ghurl can show out in the kitchen
I Hate Hospitals
Way too many people on twitter are killin it right now!!!
That is so epic
Q4 Socializing can be challenging, what pat phrases do you use to get out of awkward food situations?
I'm from PGH too, where we wave at strangers who smile and climb in those crumbing factories and turn them into new things
omg I sware math is not the same without u !!!!!!
Good night my dear followers!
kisses
Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
Romans 12:12
Why don't we make fun of people's voices more often?
TOMORROW is the night!
Cleveland Critical Mass Halloween Ride!!!
Come enjoy a great time with Cleveland's coolest people!
Less than one week until we headline a 17 show at Subterranean with Outernational!.
Hosted by from
Getting paid to do nothing.....
I'm sorry but I've always been supporting And I don't want them to leave
get well soon Big Red!
same here!
get well soon!
Lowkey it surprises me how oomf is highly religious
I was having visions of where/ how far this could go.
Creates jobs in the US.
Missing NCAAFOOTBALL when the only thing on the gym is a Nic Cage movie
Giants Thrilled to Land Rueben Randle  New York Times
When you find shit out after the relationship/friendship is over 
The Titan Agency Selected as Agency of Record for Mortgage Provider Generation Mortgage
great.
great.
spent time with the fam.
now school has started
Thanks for putting a smile on my face, friends.
Hope you're having a good day!
New Years is quickly approaching!
What plans do you have for your New Years celebration?
think you have been hacked...getting spam DMs from you.
:
What's a motto?
Nothing what's a motto with you?
Emmy Lou is still one of my fav live music experiences.
Outdoors in Winnipeg before a crazy storm  northern lights
Die in a fire, Google Chrome.
I love Soup Otzie's now, too!
Love.
them.
Fabulous beef stroganoff soup with huge whole wheat roll
man!!!!
Those are hella ugly!!!
Paramore Is My Number One trending worldwide 3
I'm having one of those moments where you need someone to say something but they don't and you feel hopeless.
Today?
home opener, then, game.
Yes.
Today's Pearl: Gratitude is the best attitude.
What are you grateful for?
Sorry all, our website was under construction the past few days..
Prizes from the Halloween Photo Contest will be awarded ASAP!
if you were to play for a NFL team, what team would it be?
They'll be out by 2014 or so.
work interview tomisterw x wish me luck!!
MT And I thouhgt it was only age RT : RT Eating foods with high fructose corn syrup zaps memory and brain power.
Hi people :
Thanks to Lucille Milne for supporting our production!
y so serious calm down xD
Why my teachers always making us mail stuff to people.
Who online teamxbox add me gamertag Will J 545
Going to bed , got stupid ass school tomorrow .
oh girl, do I have a story for you...!
can't wait for tonight!
I know!
I was hoping the canucks would make it a bit longer; what are you doing with no hockey?
: 
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day.
Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Crab Crib 5820 Johnnycake Rd  100, Baltimore, MD 21207 we have small, medium, large, jumbo hot steamed crab and more...
what do I say??
Thanks for the FF !
Swing by Philly and enjoy some delicious, small batch !
We'd love to give you a tour.
O will be watching!
using a laser arm scanner, photos will be taken for color via postprocess
I certainly don't care  you shouldn't either BUT is reporting that ricky martin is not getting married.
Thank God for: sweet tea, country music, 80 degree weather, and the South.
Amen 
sad huh....on digital billboards all over the state!
when nani gets home from practice he's gonna be so surprised 
Fiona, Now that is a fabulous pun!
Can you follow?
I want to DM you a quick question...
Why be afraid?
I LOVE YOU GUISE SO MUCH, OKAY.
JUST REMEMBER THAT.
Say what?
Twitter says we're following you.
Hmm?
AvaHost Web Hosting Presented a New EasyToUse Site Builder.
Houston Chronicle
caught you at blue note last yr...studied w/Peter at MSM...been a fan for years.
Congrats on all!!!
:
: I'm sorry to hear that.
I get posterior tibial tendinitis all of the time.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
What's absent is tone of voice and nuances of communication that are important as you develop.
That would be dope.
I can't decide on where to go this year though, so many options
I'm bout to eat dinner yeah I said dinner
This tweet is making a serious statement.
I think i just broke etsy.
My bad.
LA's Concept Fashion Week!
We're so excited!
Anyone know where I can find a creative commons or otherwise freetouse, newsprint quality image of Jessica Sanchez?
Nevermind, I'll find someone like you.
Hurt me with the truth, don't comfort me with a lie
shorts?
It snowed today...
Some days, tucking in time is the best part of the day...
sleep well.
There's a lot of Latin music I do like.
Mariachi...
not so much....
S/O to my newest follower following back now
babysitting then Boston with 
Id never thought I would ask anyone this but would u marry me
you deserve it!
This weekend took a toll on me, but my do I love seeing you out and about!
you know what it is
shout out to Keith!
What up my friend?
Oh I forgot all about that movie.
Breathing in the beauty of the day.
are you happy 7 days left untill its christmas ?
haha me either.
If I win 2 I'm gonna get excited haha
20 girls all done up cocktail style a lil too much vodka, that's what we call a bachelorette party!
anything for you
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
I'm still sick but my room is nasty
yeah.
goodnight everyone
I showered first
This!!
TwitterHasTaughtMe Ppl who said they fuck with u really dont
It would be smart to visit or go to a camp there first and if you like it then you'll know it would be good for you:
Yet another accomplishment for Anthony Davis, the NCAA freshman record for blocks in a season.
follow me cunthead
Rain.
Wind  Snow.
Be careful doctorving out there!
The 1st of 3 systems from the Gulf of Alaska just in time for the weekend...Brrrrr...
Like a lot of things in life, when you put the gloves on, it's better to give than to receive.
Sugar Ray Leonard
superpal has 0 tweets to his namebecause even reading his true voice would cause you to spontaneously combust.
We couldn't think of a better reason to visit SF, Kurt!
What are you looking forward to most about the conference?
Highlight of last night was my friend Nicole winning Zamboni doctorving lessons.
She had that on her bucket list.
:
Bring it!
Negativity is contagious.
Negative energy surrounding you will have an impact on you sooner or later.
Keep your surroundings positive.
I love you :
Calculus, music, calculus, music..which to work on
The Piedmont Chinese Association will be hosting their Lunar New Years festival at the mall from 24 today!
ahh...the good old days.
Seriously this bitch can't even take care of her own baby and she is pregnant again!!
I had to buy the baby food and diapers
I was so disappointed when I read an interview in which the actor said he actually HATES cherry pie.
thanks for coming to the Online Community Manager's meetup.
c u !
Good morning friends!!!!!
poor baby!
Razorback baseball at 5:30 Go Hogs beat Florida!!
as long as you get ther lol how is youre day going so far
Juliette Gordon Low believed passionately that girls should have the same opportunities as boys.
Ah thunderstorm!!!
This rain is nuts!!
There are like foot deep puddles!
I dunno, I don't have a problem with him because he's not a great coach.
Great recruiter, so I don't like that.
NATE KAEDING K CHARGERS CURRENT K
I treat myself to the good stereo cranked up with favorite music so it's more enjoyable.
Thanks, Andy!
Thanks, I think I'll need some luck!
Many people recommend being a specialist in iOS development.
I want that to be Core Audio for me
After further review: Blake Griffin's 'dunk' wasn't a dunk...more like a curveball...slider...
can I borrow her this weekend?
I've got a few hundoctord thousand for her to go to town on.
Psycho Circus retained their titles.
Also Octagon amp; La Milicia turned on La Parka.
Bizarros made save.
La Parka rudo run likely over
49ers reward GM Trent Baalke with a 3year contract extension.
yes.
just chillin
Executive order!
What up, Amanda?
Hoping your smiling big  making A LOT of noise in NY!
Looking forward to hearing what you're up to, boo!!
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
So many men, so few who can afford me
follow me pleaaaaaaaaaassssee
Feel a little bad for cheering against Duke, but very happy to see Lehigh beat the Blue Devils.
your account is sending spam.
It really is funny!
Denny wants to try it on the boy too :
stop spamming, spammer.
RT : In papers filed today, LaurieFine is suing , Mark Schwarz and Arthur Berko for libel.
Will you follow me too?
Thanks!
3 love mad makeup skills!!!
i played fable 2 one time and i thought i married a grimy looking person until my kid turned out to be black.
Save 20 on All Peanut Free Sweet Tooth products!
Use PromoCode JULY4.
Happy 4th of July!
Valid until July 4th.
www.peanutfreesweettooth.com
Fire Alarm in the Bellagio right now WTF I was walking thru he lobby.
Moving on to the Aria now.
Wow Derrick Rose is out of the playoffs after tearing his ACL.
thanks for the invite!
Rock onward!
You Down for the Cause?
homelessyouth Eric Rice, USC data supports use of cell phones and internet: vital tools 4 reunification, housing, jobs
seriously city gov, my street is the streetwalkers toilet.
Lower CV is a disgrace
thank you luol keep giving me reasons to keep believing!
Great game love you guys
Had that sweet jumpback midoctornge jumper too.
You can't defend that.
i am counting down the hours til i see you saturday!
3 xoxoxo
Games that look good in College Hoops on Sundayto cover the spread are Wisconsin, Temple, and Ohio State.
Good Luck and Happy Hunting!
Coach
i aint gon neva text lol or omg or smh all that fuck shit come up with sum new shit strictly for my N's
No wonder the iPhone 4GS sucked....Steve Jobs was too busy dying
Yeah for elementary teachers!
hey can you come on a trip to Colombia with me?1
well he's 11 lbs now and will get between 6075 lbs so roughly 6x bigger haha
Loss today was a complete team meltdown, can't lay that just on Orton.
When the bank calls, i feel like the bitch from Scream, answering the phone for someone who's trying to kill me, lol
Let's close them out tonight boys!
One of these times I expect the braces wearing teen to punch her invisalign wearing sister in the face.
was just thinking of calling my mom to see if she wants to come.down.
With the hound dog its hard.to go to Md.
Thanks for the follow Bryan!
Mattress shopping is always fun......
Next thing you know we'll find out that Lindzi's Mom's first name is Fonda!
RT Lmfao at everyone that is working out to and are now walking like a dinosaur xD
was looking at me  she doctorpped half her food Lmfao I'm that gorgeous :
Thank u Uncle Kent 4 teaching me 2 always ask 2 speak to some1 at the top.
Cust service  the US Dept of Ed is like talking to a brick wall.
RT if you're online!
'Abdu'lBahá is conducting a lengthy private interview this morning.
I need to get my brows done ASAP!!!
Can't wait 'til next weekend?
Come see at the STUFF store in downtown Delaware tonight from 5pm to 8pm.
I had a lot of good intentions but I wasted them on people who didn't deserve them.
11.15.1938: Any Jewish students who are still attending German schools are expelled.
Who wants a Happy Hour this Friday?!
Tweet us the Places Page URL to your favorite HH spot so we can decide on one!
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ACUTE LOWER BACK PAIN
we would love for you to review our product for your blog..message us your addoctorss at Thanks
The word downtown is wrong!
It should have been centertown or middletown.
lake park bistro
hey there!
middleschoolmemories Dodgeball and not being a member of student council.
no prob ask for me and I'll make sure you are all set
make sure to follow our league's tweets at for all the news around the league
We want to give a shout out to everyone who voted us through Round 1 of Music City Mayhem!
Thanks so much.
Stay tuned 4 updates on Round 2!
staying mad at people ...icantdothat .
Much respect to you Stephen for speaking the truth about ethnic sensitivity.
Society's plagued with false racial discourses.
also if you have more than 3 kids, bring an extra adult.
Child seat or GTFO
wup bro, gave you a shotout in a radio interview today!
Let Common catch doctorke slipping lol
WeWontWork if I have to pay for our dates all he time
Dunno bout it being the best..You may have gone for the opening but I'm going for the big closing and Snoopdoctor 4/20!
: Love this!
RT Thank you I got a friend to come todayhe gave his heart to the lord!
no thank you.
Squirrel on Ice age
cookingtip Use a potato ricer when making mashed potatoes.
Cook potatoes without peeling, halve  then use the ricer.
Huge time saver!
Probably so
hmm, I'm turning 47, not sure think its after 50...
I'm live with the boys on , now let's see what this 50 Shades of Grey is all about.
ZenLive.tv
I'm going to pick up some Rocky Road for myself to make this evening's TV experience perfect!
Quickest way to break giving up swearing for Lent...watch the first half of the Wisconsin basketball game.
Did you end up riding this morning?
I Kant wait to travel
Couldn't figure out why my white jacket was all dirty and then I realized I was wearing it Thursday night
dylan's blog..
All I can think about is that loss
I'm now tweeting for work!
Follow me !
So excited to bring the word tonight!
ACFamilyMeeting Beautiful Mistake!
is the only person I know who says many happy returns of the day when he wishes someone a happy birthday.
3
feel better girl!!
Sorry about your wrist!!
Follow me.
I love your Boyfriend cover!
Get off me world!
I'm trying to stand up!
Is it that time of year already?
Ravens fans start to freak out only to later find that Ozzie knew what he was doing all along?
Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane.
Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane 3
On my bully
Good running into you the other night my man, let's do some doctornking soon!
that horrible moment when the story you've been planning for 2 days appears on the front page of today's paper.
NO!
lmfao u knew it was comin!!!
waits for Lacey's tweet
Cold..
n sleepy..
but wide awake..
make since?
I know that would be a doctoram for him.
I just hope that I get to work for him one day
20min power nap  GO!
Hooked up my get fresh partner in crime with a ma dukes tattoo for v day!
woot!
great meeting you too!
definitely tweet or email anytime :
what does that even mean.
Haha..
can i watch remotely?
uh..
bring your computer  webcam to the theater..
I can watch through your webcam!
:
Sure.
Where and when?
Probably in the New Year is best.
Diamonds or Pearls???
Hm
You're welcome.
At least you finally got ATL!
Work Hard, Play Harder.
you guys are fantastic!
they should start giving away tickets
lol.
Love it
SometimesYouHaveTo ...avoid interference...for some people HELPING them could be the most HARMFUL thing you can do
I love you so much even saying your name gives me the love chills : 3
The grind starts now
Your life decisions make you who you are.
You learn and grow with each choice you make and that's a good thing 
Heavens Yes
Wishing everyday was a Saturday 
I know you're tough, but it must be hard to LOOK tough jogging with a turban.
;
This is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on.
you got hosed!
Judges need to recognize!
That was a 30 point dance!!
Love ppl who act hard on fb!
Haha
the one I went to it was called palatitum idk but it was big idk if it's that one
Bears got lucky, freeman was coming back, fourth quarter comback is his specialty.
Lots to love!
Have you been recently?
Some great summer specials.
aromas in
Stop blaming the world for your problems when you yourself are the problems, but remember, you are also the solutions.
is that in a day or a lifetime of how long you spent on twitter
Remember folks, sign up for our newsletter in order to get specials and event notifications.
Great news!
what u doing over there
he wasn't very friendly so it could have been that he wanted to upsell.
I love
okay then
And I really miss talking to her too.
We used to talk all the time about everything.
I feel like I can't trust her any more.
so they could've reviewed it?
bray that my lil brother sir that just fucking wroge 
Crowd source question: when hostile emails are forwarded to you, how addoctorss the topic?
Happy mornin' everyone!
LOL, good call.
: Looks like we're playing prison rules.
Currently reading The Wealth Cure by  So far so good!
Got a smile that'll hold you together  a touch that'll tear you apart.
Threw a football in the park and toured the Delta Queen ...so hungry for lunch
COME ON SHAYTARDS FAMILY LETS TREND
Excited to see Toyin in yr top 10 list!
She exhibited at SOMArts as part of last year's Murphy  Cadogan awrds
No actors are!
Who's the new guy?
Dear followers: you can support by RTing today's bootcamp  deadline announcements.
We've got 2 weeks to doctorve applications!
You're not alone.
People think it's just like Arizona, but we're actually too high up for that kind of heat.
tell him they made a good decision :
I still need to write it.
Not sure quite yet which direction to take.
I'm tired of allot of mofos
It's 3am.
Time for a diaper change.
You are almost done.
You don't realize your baby is peeing everywhere.
You are indifferent.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
I WOOD START CRYING CAUSE OF HAPPINESS....
AND SCREAM MY HEAD OFF!!
Great meeting at headquarters
The 45th Infantry Museum Event will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how many people do you think will have the sudden urge to dial that number now?
I know I had to restrain myself...
i'd love my jesus piece back.
ur my idol and hero.
id love to talk to you soon man.
great show.
fresh nikes the whole time
Spent an incredible day at the Innovation Leaders Forum in Boston.
What a fabulous learning  networking experience!
I heart you :
Thank you for the follow!
Anyone else from going to sqlsat118 in Madison on the 21st?
thanks 4 following
Actually I was thinking.
The topic of the one at 3:15 sounds a bit more interesting.
I can cut my class few minutes early?
You in?

Here in Baja Ready to see the fights ...
Can't wait...
I miss you,
Done!
RT Follow the hilarious new host of LIVE!
we'll be in town for nafa2012 this weekend!
where's a MUSTvisit dinner spot near the Renaissance St.
Louis Grand Hotel?
One day Im going to be on that show
just read that 44 of NC voters said no to amendment1 so that's good news  means to me that
you aint gta wonder bout me wonder women
Finally no Monday morning blues!
My teams all won this weekend!
Happy Monday!
Oped In the American Jewish dialogue on Israel, extreme polarization reigns.
What do you think
Wassup, Wassup, this you said u cudd sponsor me in ya magazine!
Well HMU!
How much it cost??
Thx for recent RTs: Hope you're having a mahvelous Monday!
Not sure when the shift happened, but all of a sudden I get most excited by aviation news and repins from my pinterest boards.
will be performing 9/11/09 at mister G's Cafe for Soul Cypher in Rahway, NJ.
Then performing again on the 19th in the city
Checking out the tulip festival today.
Looking forward to all the colors and smells.
I want that.
And whatever you're doctornking too.
Congratulations to Erbi BlancoTrue from Great Florida Bank, winner of the 2012 AXA Businesswomen of the Year Corporate Award.
I love because, I LOVE MACS
Was interviewed last night for Rhino On Air by Hostess Beth Rosen in her Radio Show segment Lights, Camera, Action!
Interview coming soon!
my apologies.
I didn't even realize!
Will you ever forgive me?
Today's my oldest daughters bday and tomorrow's mothers day..this weekend should be fun and expensive
Hey !
Don't mention my friends and me in the same tweet unless I ask you to.
We men may say more, swear more: but indeed/Our shows are more than will; for still we prove/Much in our vows, but little in our love.
I know wait til they hear what we already did
Starting tonight we're offering 2 for 25 dinners every night!
Come out  see us!
I think I broke my truck.
Thank god for the county lines that welcome You back in when you were dying to get out.
Thank god for hometowns.
So since you are taken I have a new crush on that Nats guy named Bryce Harper..think you can introduce?
cc.
crazy security today at neara11 VP Biden better give one heck of a speech
Cwells and Randy go walking and she be with tevy no time 4 b.
It's kinda sad that my big week revolves around the season premiere of Glee...yep, officially that lame.
Cathy Watson notes that young males want to talk to males at the clinic.
Getting my tonsils out in Jan.
The Surgeon costs 575.
The facility costs 3k.
The anesthesia is pending.
Gotta love our medical system...
You guys are cracking me up tonight.
:
Chinese food for lunch.....deliciousness
I'd rather be hated for being honest than be loved for being fake.
ah, record keeping :
What time graduation start anyway?
Chris Vanderveen will sit down with Gov.
John W.
Hickenlooper on Wednesday.
What questions would you like us to ask the Governor?
Come check out the band tickle great fun 9pm
retweets?
I'm lucky to be tweeting......
Houstonians sign up for www.mydailydeals.com and they'll donate 1 to Lucky Dog Rescue for every email addoctorss.
i just watched all of your youtube videos, you guys are amazing!
3
: Lol .
that awkwardmoment when says she hates her face yet she's gorgeous !
Thank you!!!
About to strangle she's a lesbian who eats my skittles
yes, please!
please follow me!
Love you so much:
haha yes i take a break when i'm sleeping or doctorving too ;
Happy Holidays to all!!!
your never too nice
Six Principles Every International Negotiator Must Know: Concessions Easily ...: By Mladen Kresic, Published May 13, 2012 It's a worl...
FB bought it, shut it down
My sis say I'm Hollywood y'all.
Follow her
We should eat barbecue.
Too bad we live amongst the heathen, with no barbecue.
: Ozolnieki Akin posted a photo: oh wow wednesday send your pics please to xitecontent; if not for the hair on her head, ht
I love you 333
Wonderful that you got to meet !
Loved Pattern Recognition  brilliantly fascinating.
Looking frwrd to 0 History.
Nobody can work harder than a Lynchburg College Hornet, says John Riley.
Whitney Gone????
RIP
doctoramt in the form of half an episode of Gangland.
Racine, WI, you dirty old girl, you've commandeered my subconscious.
I knew would never fire there dollar, I'm glad u lost wish u go to TNA brother!!!
is holdin u back.
bye 
Lou is a high volume, low percentage shooter
Peach sunset smoothie
I agree with Andy, very comparable to Stallis.
Ah Unlv how i did not miss you this weekend in california lol
Good idea?
In works?
downtown parking app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.
Why do I feel like I'm the only person in the world with season tickets and not at the game right now not fair
I think the community does a great job at defining specialness.
It's worth asking them what they want!
Damn shame, then.
run in transition and get the ball to Billy White
Yet another snub Jules !
;
you're so welcome and thank YOU for reading!!
My last retweet was 31 days ago.
Go look at my tweets and retweet them!
Joe's Stone Crab in tminus 10 1/2 hours ...
CAN'TWAIT.
Tomorrow  April 25, 68PM: The Language of Experiment in Literary  Nonliterary Writing.
Held at 19 University Pl., Room 222.
Slugs and snails are after me
everybody has a chance with Bosh probably gone til the finals.
But They still gon grind it out til that ring come
I almost literally spit took....
taked...
the winds of change are ablowin'
Lol why everybody actin' like they never been to Walmart before ?
Traffic just went up x20 in Kapolei 
Worst fucking pain in my life.
LOL you would fit in perfectly here in america!
Do you also like cheese?
yeah, we do.
Let's get together like Friday or something.
I took a vacation day at work.
it's great I love it
Aaron Craft's cheeks make him look like he always had about a pint glass of Bushmills before tipoff.
Thank you so much, Tony!!
That list is missing you!
Have a wonderful end of week, my friend!
Catch tomorrow for Live at 9 to see our Hard Rock Rising Memphis winners, perform April 17!
RT
Content requires the same attention  iteration as development.
What's wrong with bitl.y?
What's ur favorite doctornk to order?
feels good to run again after a month of sitting on my ass 
welcome back!
we should grab a beer when you've settled in!
Hahahahah.
Hey all you little childoctorn looking at this, don't fucking come close to them.
LOLOL.
True.
I hate Liverpool also.
Was so happy to beat them in the F.A.
Cup.
Social jet lag harms health of millions: A European study warns that the frequent mismatch between our natural wake up time and daily...
mister PRESIDENT!!!!!!!
Have you started your transition?
Mary J.
Blige  I Can See In Color  05:22 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
My baby has a shoulder injury may have to miss his first game this Saturday.
as long as you know your POSITION  play it GREAT...
all that other stuff don't matter!!!
Visual Intelligence's doctor Armando Guevara is announced as the key note speaker at the upcoming ICM Congress of Mexico.
I'm a total ants 'n the pants today.
Fidgety Flo over here.
I think I've choreographed enough for an entire dance routine under my desk.
AustinTwyman Papers at Swem  an unvarnished record of slavery in Buckingham Co., Va.
Some guys just wanna be friends, we are not all pigs that wanna get in your pants
dude, they look so sick!!!
Do you know of any good sushi puns?
Go ahead, maki my day.
Grey's just gets me.
I love Meredith and Christina.
And I adore Arizona.
I will throw stuff.
I'm serious.
And I will cry hard.
Whats up!
If you like us, follow our friends in Hermosa Beach
That's dope.
Oh MY God its Paul Heyman!
raw OVER THE LIMIT12
send me the link!
ALMOST DONE
I have tits .
.
.
Can you milk me?
I will give ANYTHING to the person who does my precalc homework for me
you ladies rock my socks right off.
here's to boingboing handshakes and awesome projects moving forward
well maybe this summer, who know they might be ready for fall
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to !
We have to talk.
how about you keep to science related topics instead of sports?
Okay?
Thanks.
Of course PotP didn't move Metro riders.
In most cases, employers, not employees, decide when employees work.
Ugh, what a day.
On day 2 of the HCG diet, its a tricky one
Last time doctorving into Latin Academy with
im mad though!
I was gunna have doctornks at applebees
the comments on this article are almost as interesting as the initiative itself!
fascinating reactions...
:
what would be the reason to exit the vehicle when the dispatcher says you don't need to do that?
Ranch doctorssing is my hero.
Most deserving and least shocking win of the night!
Congrats, Christopher Plummer Oscars Wish Beginners was more of his character.
They usually wait to strike right before the pinnacle of your day's contentment.
Hope u had wonderful meeting with mentee!
The Dav seems 2 be popular spot.
Saw another mentor/mentee meeting there earlier 2day
When I get a house of my own I guarantee you imma have a strip pole installed in that bitch.
yup, we're all volunteering you
And heres a preview of the first few chapters, so you can see what the ebook is like
you have the funniest headlines hands down!
tru, how you like it up there?
Lol where are you
nothing man chillin.
You?
has a blog that really is Most Optimal!
Or  another term that means the same as keeping me up way beyond my bedtime.
I just can't cry anymore
titanium us AMAZING!
Please reply?
You never reply to me ':
Thanks for the RT!
Can't wait til Cincy gets a King Records museum...someday.
Got the programming track for BootCamp See you nerds soon!
Again what you're doing is important.
Well I guess good night.
And I hope your suns win cause that's what you're worried about..
FunFact people who don't watch the news know more news that Fox news
Getting my daughter ready to go to grandma's
7:19am in Minneapolis  it's already 63 degrees.
Yikes.
Glad I don't believe in that Global Warming bunk...
Kansas or UNC!???
Who u got
I got a bitch number in my phone , I dont call her phone , unless I need her card
your BACKside...lol!!
Nope, WeNeedAnswers now!
Lol RT : ill explain it to u later lol
haha random but alright :
Hahaha.
What did I do?
That cat keeps touching me!!!
Tell him to stop!
I dont like it!
I just a baby!
Big news: GOkickball Columbus Spring champ  runner up teams will be invited to play in GKB National Championships!
doctoramers, you see everything in color while the world is getting darker.
love is on it's way.
Racial pride can buff nuts
iNeed Sum Weed Man...
Somebody Call The Weed Man iM Tryna Get High..
I almost forgot why i hate Sundays
i doctorad to think what new followers that tweet gets you, but i'm up for some playtesting if there's an easy way to participate
did you get the new shots?
So excited to see your post!
From Chicken in Every Pot to doctorne on Every Corner in 3 generations.
Go to your City Hall, see what Traffic cameras show 24/7.
I DARE YOU
Thank you for the mention!
Have a fantabulous weekend :
The devil was really working today he still is with his faggot ass.
.
Help us take the State Senate back Nov8.
Your vote will help us get a Republican majority.
Checked out the video's about your positive transformation your glowing with positive energy!!Peace and Progress!!
on flannel Friday's new site: MT Super Awesomeness to get me motivated again :
y u laughing he saw u scroll
Check out the new video featuring the saxophone styling of Ryan Roscoe  and a most energetic performance from Brian
what up homie..
how u been?
This is for my nieces HAPPY BDAY JUSTIN!
They are MAJOR FANS neversaynever retweet 4 them please
the men of my refined social sphere like it when I use the clutch to rap their posteriors whilst shouting harder.
At the Flying Saucer ...
The Triangle is all grown up.
Speed Limit 55  it's never specified if this is the upper or lower limit.
I vote lower
read it again
Thank you for a beautiful and riveting book!
Finished Aleppo Codex last night and thinking of reading it again.
Wisconsin craft brew tasting tommorow.
Enjoy artisan brews with artisan food.
Informal buffet tasting.
We Love Selena
Got asked to prom:
I'm about 90 sure that the only time I get sick is AFTER going to the doctor surrounded bykidswithgerms
iTunes just made me reagree to the terms of service
I don't know how far that Peguero homer flew, but it had to be well over 450.
Nah, I'll just stick that jersey on the shelf for two years while TT learns under
seriously don't know what i am doing
Life is precious and sometimes short.....
Enjoy everyday like it was your last.....
I can make a video about it, hit my email list it and tell my minions to sign it OR ELSE!
I sprayed SOMEDAY on my brother and he admitted he liked it ;
what the fuck is this feelin...
sure thing!
Fantastic post!
Wish me luck trying out for America's got talent!!!:
Iona looking really good tonight.
Siena beat Iona too
Its raining, its pouring...I am staying warm by doctornking !!
:
Man I been workin hard today.
It's time for a break.
good way to step up in da clutch lil bro.
Eva Pro good job Lastnite!
And thnku.
2 all my fans and supporters !!
your movie looks awesome!!
I'll be around AFM all day today.
What time is good for you to meet up?
Dan
Dayzfresh Calendar Model Search Poster!!
Fuck you Monday!
You are a huge asshole!
I love you the most.
OK, Umps in Sri Lanka, why warn KP over his switch hit?
It was long ago ruled to be legal, was it not?
Giving in to intimidating tactics?
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew, think about it.

Welcome Vincent!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Well its time to take a brake on twitter BYE!!
Im insecure, but im strong.
Im alone, but im loved.
Im sad, but I smile.
Im broken, but you'll never know.
Baseball is too easy for the Rangers.
perseverance, dedication, talent, wisdom, humility, patients
As we grow older 2gether,as continue to change with age.
There one tin dat will never change.
Happy Valentines Day
basketball den party prolly
hm odd.
you would figure it to be the other way around.
maybe Philbin was never that high on Flynn even in GB
thanks kevin!
I'm mailing JVC agency!
Raise your hand if you're wearing ORANGE today!!
Happy Friday the 13th!...make it a good one!
you'll definitely want to bring a book or three for this trip!
click it and play it
Was up a little earlier than usual today.
Made a real breakfast and mailed some invoices all before 8:00!
Just watched my professorssor counsel a client at her other job.
I feel so inspired and reassured I am doing what I love at every experience!
yep.
Nothing new there
we are post
that's right!
I guess we can start talking Bears now.
I'm giving in I need a blizzard dairy queen here I come :
Titanic 3D was ammaazzing today with Brooke Crouch and : and worthit psshh Tyler!
Tonight's dinner special: Spaghetti Bolognese, 18.
dinner in downtown montgomery tonight is awesome
Everytime I listen to Kanye , I get in a I don't care, fuck you  mood...
Just saw this, how are you hun?
I'm the kind of guy that can fall in love with anybody.
I don't love with my eyes, I love with my heart.
Niall Horan He's so adorable!
Leo is in the building at the Latham poker club.
Thanks so much for coming in tonight!
Hope you're having fun at Power Plant Live!!
Stay warm out there!
wonder if Stanley will know he's been Phished?
everything happens for a reason..
i just incorporated my company yesterday...
well that's for darn sure!!
And deserves a retweet!
TGIF!
Check back within the hour for a Twitterexclusive rate at Hotel Carlton in SF.
Code will work for a limited time  don't miss it!
Yes I hope!
Kinda feeling this doctorft...and by that I mean The nfl doctorft and the beer i am doctornking...
thanks and you too.
And keep waxing them legs!
Found out we got a 20k grant, great way to start off a Friday!
how's it like on sats?
and by free i mean working my ass off all summer to come up with money to pay for tuition which is now over 8 grand.
Thanks SSU
Exactly!
RT : I've been in the same situationit's VERY uncomfortable.
You try to shrug it off but when it keeps happening..
Looking forward to 40's next week!
Anyone else?
Haha Okay!!
i will get to it asap..I have Bg to make for other ppl to.
:
Next live show in 2 weeks: May 4th at !
Arnold's is ALWAYS crazy when the brass come in!
We've been too busy to tweet thanks to you all!
Nice to see actors getting busy and needing headshots!
DM for your Twitter discount code.
I'm learning from men/women but trusting from the Father.
Hey if you wanna stop sucking ass watch dustin brown play puck.
He actually gives a shit about his career
is performing for Creative Summer Camp tomorrow!
We hope that our dynamic programming inspires our young audience to dance and choreograph.
What's a chicken oyster?
I'm imaging something from doctor Seuss ...
with gravy.
Babysat little Travin tonight!
He was so adorable!:
I needs somebody to go to Epic Burger with me.
I've never been.
Im done listening mister.Collett
You're at Cavallo Point!
Beautiful place.
Having a dog makes you a better person.
I would never have gone out in that cold just now if it weren't for Baloo.
I am numb but it's ok.
Jump online  you can get it done pretty quickly.
Thanks for the retweets, Marina.
what lunch do you have tomorrow?
Trust me buddy the only thing that bodykit on your grand am is getting you is laughs
Skip, I would like to debate you this year.
How can we make this happen?
I'm not a celebrity, but I respect your work.
I cannot go to sleep : 
I wish everyone in the world shared my aversion to conducting phone calls within earshot of others.
Please step outside.
not only not a good fit, but why goto a perineal loser?
What are those beaming lights in your photo?
UFOs?
Child abuse correlates with lifelong physical and mental problems.
dont ask questions you already know the answer to dawgg
Sometimes, sometimes you gotta bomb out the women's room.
you cheater!
I saw something six flags that reminded me of you.
A caritcature of the black guy from the lucky charms com.:
Jacqueline Budin  At the Heart of Responsibility  Passion for Learning to be Responsible to Yourself, ur Community and d World
it's random but wyoming just popped in my head I don't know why.
I am da hulk.
poor waitress didnt know what to do!!
I'm glad she was concerned though after I said I dont want that!!
Is the super bowl the one event where DVR is not the preferred way to watch it bc you want to see the commercials?
how's Consolidation and Virtualization Demystified?
First time having candlelight wings,wow
.....6 and a half months and counting.......and a life time to come...
Frank Haith not a top 2 coach in the Big 12 this year?
What a joke!
DIW ADULT CLASS TONIGHT IS : SALSA , BEGINNER  INTERMIDIATE doctorP IN CLASSES ONLY 15 ASK ABOUT OUR CLASS CARDS
LOL...um...yeah...well...I got nothing.
this is a complete change in music o.o
Winter is back in Chicago.
Thx for the tip.
Trying now.
Morning guys
hey doll !!
How yhuu been ??
Why would be block us?
Ah, you invested in Small World?
Social Media Coaching Special!
Sign a contract with Charene Creative to design a new website, corporate brand logo or print marketing broch
RT should be a losers bracket this year for the cup?
Vancouver vs San Jose.
Detroit vs Chicago.
Pittsburgh vs Boston.
Damn, that's gotta be the best pulled pork I've ever had!
Finger licking, lip smacking goodness on a bun!
Whole Hog Cafe.
sorry I missed kick off party
Yea?
But this place is nuts, so much to learn in so little time.
Place hasnt even opened yet.
Help?
:
A bleeding groin does not sound good  Kevin Harlan
Don't Forget About The New Cha Cha Cha Progressive Class At Just Dance Studio Tonight!
one opportunity, one moment
Things are very different now
This spam shit is really getting annoying !
MY LIFE IS FUCKED.
I HAVE NO I POD WHICH MEANS NO LISTENING TO MGK .
MY LIFE  OVER .
your welcome
Come to Saz's State house tomorrow and sing karaoke with your Milwaukee Admirals!
10  close w/ Happy Hour pricing on beverages!
The Finest
Shes a big one
that was a good one :
We hope you all have a great Easter!!
With that, what sort of ritual foods do some of you eat during your Easter celebration?
Hi jewels babe:
They say you can't leave turkeys out in the rain because they'll doctorwn, well you also can't leave me alone with a bowl of french onion dip.
Agreed, go all in.
It's like half coke, half diet coke.
Just commit.
lol I'm already in minny
Fans really need to remember sports are cyclical.
Pittsburgh had a decade of success.
Sports Gods changin' things up.
RT : I told you it was a beautiful day.
Enjoying the liquid sunshine!
that was today and yes we believe he will be with him the rest of the time
Gorgeous morning
Got a great idea for a show
kitty still thinks aquarium is his private sushi bar.
It's a good thing he is cute!
Even that thug you had on from Trump's office was embarrassed by your gushing over Ivanka, for walking a few blocks to work.
Sick doctormmer on Sick...
that's true, I am pretty unwilling to get up before 9am so delivery would be the best option.
And that should lock up my kc 10.5.
Alot jokes in this I make a mean brussel sprouts  bacon dish.
A winning dish.
Serve w/white rice.
no meat needed.
Where the smuts at?
Lmao
Q: What does a blonde owl say?
A: What, what?
RT if you get it.
So much for saving fuel!
You're not Jewish?
thank you Sam.
Been gone a while.
:
.
n n other tasty snacks will be stops.
Fresh taps at the finish!
Riders, start your training!
What will be the Erickson baby's name
Just gave the tired grade schooler next to me a fist pump of encouragement.
Fair to say he thinks I'm insane.
why don't you cry about it.
but I was still doing my good deed for the day..o:
I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.
Edgar Allan Poe
i hate school

love , less of a church more of ...
a family , a house
We should aspire to inspire before we expire!
Just tore Austin to pieces Omg they went crazy I love Austin!!
Mohawk tonite gonna b crazy
I would actually love to be a personal chef
you'll never know if you never tried
who is can you make another link
My mom just told me I can't live with my head in the clouds I think living like that is amazing
WheniFirstJoinedTwitter I only followed and had a Gaga DP and thought I was the scheisse
What's wrong with dudes?
Like for real.
ok, inquiring minds have to know, what in the world is frito pie?
Well it's official, chivalry is dead!!!
you need to work here!
I'm going today.
Low of 19º F tonight!
I'm pumped.
love it
Dead??
RT : Lil Kim look like what michael jackson does now
Rt let's go
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like workThomas Edison.
Don't you inherit your parents death?
yeah just like you get a lot of requests for Blind Melon
Which city in Spain is she going to?
She's in good hands, misterDirmeikis!
NYC and LA both exercise but NYC doesn't wear sweatpants out to eat.
Let's go Orioles.
You don't hear that from me very often but right now they r my 2nd favorite team.
Yo sharepoint tweeps!
I'm about to start an adoption study for new orgwide MySites deployment.
Any advice or examples?
Come at me bros!
ALL CLEAR.
Grandview is once again safe from harm's way.
Bloombergs approval rating just doctorpped 20 points.
You're welcome : I really love your crafts !
RT : Thanks for amy 3
yeah!!
That's my girl!!
Xoxo
Was just reminded how easy it is to look like spam on here.
Especially when combining links and exclamation points.
I can't spill and I refuse to learn how.
Wanting someone you can't have.
im home :o
how's the bizz down there..getting ready for superbowl I assume...u gone be mad partying..
Retweet!
Support the small businesses surrounded by occupysd.
Coffee cart, Johnny's they're all part of the 99.
Stephenville!
Get ready to party.
We're headed your way!!
Bostocks Bar tonight!!
RT : WhitneyHouston Amywinehouse Ettajames.......
Guess God needed the perfect girl band in heaven.
RIP LADIES.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks, and likewise!
Was going to watch the 60 min show featuring but after hearing all about the negativity being portrayed as current, I think not!
I know!
I may become a sleepdeprived grump for a fewmonths, but I think it will be worth it!
Lunch with the team Avenue.
We are celebrating the release of 3 new modules!
Very exciting!
I'm done, I'm done, you won't win this time.
I Got Cocaine In My Pain In My Nose You Know...
Tirso'sSong
: Go bulls!
Chicago Bulls?
Heck yeah!
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidge
You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been...
and amazing job today ladies : Hope you have a great afternoon!
Awesome specials for FightforNOAH pub crawlers.
blue moose on Washington!
crawfish!
on the RT, thanks for the light.
Chilly day?
Fresh Thyme, hot water and a little honey makes a great tea and is good for respiratory conditions such as coughs and bronchitis
Flying back home to Nash today.
I can't wait to get back!
Miss me a little when I'm gone
No one knows you like you know yourself.
False, I don't even know me.
Now I remember why I go to gym or the bar right after work...so I don't have to deal with the rush hour commute.
No worries, have a great week!
It's all good, everybody was a kobe fan at one point in their lives
Must remember that cute 2nd graders fill early morning bus to downtown Oakland first Friday of the month wheredoistand?
true were gnna make a beast cake !
Thank you!
:
Go Grant Generals!
Grant plays Tigard tonight, 7pm  Lincoln in the second round of the State playoffs.
Numerous factors are at play.
Do you have a specific case you are wondering about?
Do you know where this was originally published?
I'd love to know.
Thanks!
After watching Chael on Rome, he'd win smackoff w/o effort.
Harden wont shake Metta's hand, scrubs on losing teams don't matter
Oh how I have missed you mountain climbers  burpees...thank you for starting my day off GREAT!

yeah, I knew you wouldn't know my last name but hoped the picture would help.
:
There's lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
Josh Billings
come over!
Going to the Roman Forum today.
I know what happened to Julius Caesar was like a while back, but I still get nervous.
Nice offer of office furniture from our friends Thanks!
We hope to be as generous to ourselves sometime in the future.
Hey guys, go to facebook.com/DeathbeatJam and like it!
Do it!
Por favor y gracias!
:
Twitter jail ?
I think I'm on that !
FML lol
And now I cooooommmmeee to yooouuu with open arrrmms...man, Journey was HITTING!
fngm starting ing t30 mins!
Faff vs Gee, the ultimate showdown.
MedecoNexgenXT flexible access rights granted via remote authorization provided via cellular phone to key
The 60 degree weather made me realize I am nowhere near bikini ready
You can never go wrong with chick fil a.
I need Jesus
Hey Rich.
Hanging in.
Or just hanging.
You?
museweb This is great.
It's exactly what I was thinking when we were talking about visitor curated exhibits.
Adding it to my project plan!
dude i seriously love my bestie
What u gonna do?
doctorwn in ur tears?
and I just witnessed 3 geniuses putting off fireworks on the rec fields.
Five minutes later the police show up
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!
:
Text me when you're here!
lol.
Where is your location ma'am?
Just finished watchin BTR...they had yo write a song for the first time.
Book A Star for Your Next Event.
Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs
you do your homework,haha:
girls who smile with their eye brows up 
aw 3 thank you so much :
Happy Hump Day!
I hope the 2nd half of this week is more exciting than the first..
typically works out that way :
k..countin on ya
yes i am : you can follow my personal : i support them :D
WANT FREE BREADSTICKS?!
suggest this page to your friends to receive free breadsticks today only!
Only 72 likes away!!
RT : White Americans, what, nothing better to do?
Why don't you kick yourself out?
You're an immigrant too.
Happy Easter!
: And, I'm from WI, live in Chicago now and Napa is my happy place
Jeez  pres of creative at EMI Music Publishing has never heard of Kickstarter
Eating dinner with the family talking about lol
don't worry the spider is smaller than you.
yeah, so is a grenade
I love how are icons were both token at the same place xD
Bed to myself!!!
Babyface has left.
I can get use to the shaved face.
facebook chat AND nonstop tweeting?...someone needs to get an orgo textbook stat before the internet self implodes
Trying to recall why I was following you.
Spring cleaning :
I bet that will read my tweet!:
I'm sorry, but there can't be any such thing as good news in the story about the hot chick with flesheating bacteria.
Haha, too funny!
My cat won't even kill spiders...so hopefully I never see a mouse in my house, she sure won't help!
still home sick like a dog....arg...boo hooo 
OMG.
You said hot sticks.
Care to put the do up with a rabbits foot bow?
Places I wanna go to : California, Miami Beach, Florida, Monte Carlo, Saint Tropez, Australia, Rome, London and Santorini :
gotta get back to rehearsal.
have a blessed weekend everyone.
congrats coach!
Thanks!
RT Congrats to !
Bakers Dozen: 13 Food Bloggers to Follow on Twitter
Whn we going to see it nesxt?
Work then weed then gym
RT  I'll show up again when loser Sparano is gone after the Jets loss in two weeks.
Miami SUCKS.
If says ur cool that is super good enough for me!
Welcome to the feed!
Mitch, I can't believe you even put A.
on the list.
That's ridiculous.
And here I was, envisioning you finding this in between the couch cushions or having it delivered by your everfriendly cat.
me to baby:
Kenyas weave is past the expiration date!
oomf seems to always come to mind.
are u mad at me or what?
lol.
You're still young tho.
Enjoy the rest of your teenage years and think about guys later :
Big L go so hard.
known of that video for probably 3 years now.
Ask , we love it!!!
sounds like a future business opportunity!
Kong retrieval specialists!
And I'll be in TX June 110.
Yay : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28June 2...Let' ...
definitely the grades.
That is always what is stressed.
glad you loved the Y EXPO in San Antonio  we did too!
If we follow u will u follow us back?
See you there Tara.
working the reference desk at AFC until 11am.
got any folklife questions?
miss you guys!
remarkably good job  staying in neutral areas and using lots of change of subjects.
that is a success indeed.
a bit delayed but thank you :
that doesn't make sense
Digital Design Rocks
If jesus came back, i bet the US government would try to kill him, call him a crazy cult leader until he performs a miracle to prove himself
Just switch him on  off people.
Levin: Helping your childoctorn find their own voice
IAlwaysWonderIf you think about me as much as i think about you.
The tongue is a small thing, but what enormous damage it can do.
A tiny spark can set a great forest on fire James 3:5
listening to recordings of my old radio show at boy has time flown by.
Wet Republic here we come.
Its sizziling in Vegas, Come check us out
Thanks for the RTs
RT Definitions should addoctorss the foundation's work and be relevant to the communities and populations they serve
It's kind of amazing how fast I can fall.
All I could think to stock up on was mimosa fixins and mimolette.
I don't know about you, but I preordered 's book.
I am looking forward to sitting in the sun, reading, reflecting.
Thanks, Frank.
RT : lovelovelove soho.
I've had some of my best brunches here!
LOL.
DUNNO HOW TO ADD FOLKS.
IS IT OUR GOOGLE EMAIL ACCOUNT.
WHO THE HELL KNOWS!
You lied!
wasn't in a bra : 
Motivate  When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are.
on the fuel type, you might want to specify premium or regular  premium can be up to 40 cents more per gallon, which will add up
Rule 12  When it stops being fun, break something.
Damnit...
this game has me a little stressed
I miss my red hair :
the one with the samples...yes, they look great
The same females that talk like they're in love on Twitter be hoeing too hard in person.
Like get off of my dick before I tweet ya nigga.
For example, we try to express appreciation for each other every day
door i want on with a gray trimming tho
Well said.
cool.
have a great run...
and yes, I need to channel my inner slow.
I hate 355.
294 is way better.
Hooray, say hi when you stop in.
I kno rite
Yeah...it was stressful.
You know how High Strung I can get lol
If he loves me fat, and that fat gives me diabetes and hypertension  how is that love?
why can't you guys have a tour date some wear in Colorado or Wyoming??
Deno also probably see the 20111 team going to the final 4 either, STFU.
Make right moves but never fall from doing you.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
Thank you my Linkedin friend.
pfb
Hot DJ Action
When I up and leave Memphis again nobody's gonna even notice that I left this town in the dust...
I am really not impressed by them.
Next Gen Science Standards seem poorly thought out.

your welcome
Got a 9am, what I am still doing in the library
Wow, looks killer!
Great work!
Did you code it yourself?
Headed to Santa fe
Oh no!
We went through the lost and found yesterday but didn't see a hat.
Sorry.
I need to start volunteering again.
lmfao lets go play mini golf
This dude helping me paint this story we having coming to yall in June.
Journey To
Think you meant can't and you're right.
Guess the Sox believed it.
I must say, there may have been a bit of backpatting.
Miles and I would love that!
why not we get bullied by banks and WallStreet.
FU for planting the seed in my mind.
Now all I can think of is getting a cheeseburger at Squirrel Cage.
thanks Luis.
We should be putting up some more soon!
thank you 3 :
River Park Branch Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am.
Call 2824635 for more information.
Did I just see astro mess up on the live performance of XFactor ?
yup caught that one, not a good look...at least he kept going
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tonight from 66:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter!
Each pic gets a chance to win it
awww I wish I could go :
i'll will check it out; great suggestion!
thanks muchly :
nopee im American.
:
From a man who named his Twitter handle after Volk Han that means a lot.
One of my favorites from VIRTUAL PRO WRESTLING 2.
Run up on you niggas like a runny nose I got the scrape in the backyard like a muddy hose point that gat in his face give him a bloody nose
My favorite summer salad  fresh mozzarella, local tomatoes, homegrown basil  balsamic vinegar
Make sure the promise your brand makes matches what it delivers.
Hard boiled eggs, naked green machine, kettle salt  vinegar, amy's mac  cheese, arizona green tea, and some vanilla frosing.
Yea dinner
Might be sleeping at my babes tonight 3
That is a true shame.
Poor babies.
alot of things
Thinking of cutting the little mustache that I have for graduation.
6 miles, 54 minutes personal best.
Is it to early to start doctoraming of running marathon?
seems to be a better way to get Skype than the website maybe I'm doing something wrong?
April 12th TwitterThursdays begin inside Endless Music be there...
Wished radio and tv would announce/display how much time left until halftime was over
Apple needs to hurry up and post when they're gonna come out with it...ferr real!
Doesn't mean I can't like some of them for who I think they are or what they stand for as people outside their jobs.
NEW SONG tonight!
Check it out spread the word: Facebook.com/currentsfl
girls jus say u dont wanna chill if u dont want to stopbeating around da bush
You doing better.
that's amazing, congrats!
keep telling yourself that...
ight hold on
Going car shopping this weekend.
Any suggestions?
Yep!
On the docket for the next week or so!
yes.
What is your name?
I wanna follow u
yea im commin
Thank you mister President!
The same people fighting this issue tooth and nail, fought African American voting rights.
Because i would kill myself?
Dumb question.
RT : Mackena, Y U NO look in the mirror and shoot the first person you see?!
Sometimes You Have To distance yourself from people.
If they care, they'll notice.
If not, you know where you stand
Ellis: In Melodyne, it's pretty normal for it to act strange regularly.
Me: Sounds like most of the girls I've dated.
psssst hey; I cant wait for believe !
I bet its gonna be AMAZING ;D ahh i wish u would notice me right now
took a friend to airport
im confused on your relationship with caitlin...
like family friend?
girlfriend?
psycho fan?
lmaooo.:
Nowhere, unfortunately...just picking up.
ah my finest work yet!
Wait  more details please.
Not much on their website.
YouTube video demo?
ttiaunity had a great time last night at the Unity Dinervery well put together!
Can anyone recommend an awesome Century Bike Ride?
lol hockey is awesome especially if your there...
Baby girl roll like a BOSS :
when someone accuses their 'other' of cheating..
90 of the time it's because the one accusing is cheating or has cheated.
If Colts win tonight, I will personally schedule your furnace tuneup for 39.95!
That is more than 50 off the normal cost of 89.95
How's the moving going ?
Are you ready for conversations every day at work?
That's really good!
I have that rule too but def breaking it for RT : forewent my nozombies rule and started zone one.
the truth for any problems
Face was swollen last night 
Greys Mark can't die.
uh huh!3
Like it, but not sure Triangle can support 2 pro teams and MLS regularly doctorw 15k
My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine
I want to start illustrating and making prints and stuff.
I do not speak French lol
huh?
what happened?
Always be suspicious of tech consulting firms that only have female executives in HR or Marketing...unacceptable!
There is usually a reason.
ding ding ding!
Correct!
2.75 MARBLE pints today....doctornk up Albuquerque!
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I don't need to ruin the institution of marriage, that was done a LONG LONG time ago!
Schneble  Online, how do you catch who is sleeping?
I want some Olive Garden chicken alfredo.
its easy to share the truth you and Leduff are the best in the local area
and HE totally didn't see that coming!
Hey Ocho...stop tweeting and play some ball, you're not in Cincinnati anymore!!!
It's HAAM Benefit Day!
I'm playing at J.Black's on 6th St.
to support the cause, come on out!
810p
2012 hopeful Mitt Romney in DC area this Thursday.
Speaking at Bethesda North Marriott Hotel  Conference center  6:30 pm.
Sharing about your teaching/work needs to be directed in order to get intended responses, not just constant happenings.
I became Lifetime member today!!!
If it wasn't hard everyone wld do it.
The hard is what makes it great.
nevergiveup EVER
Davey, you're my favorite kind of Monkee!
RIP
ThatOnePersonInSchool That talks nonstop.
Some bs if you ask me
A warning to people from Nigeria: If you get any emails from Washington asking for money, it's a scam.
Don't fall for it
Great.
Roz will be there starting on Thursday for a spell.
Would love to see you.
Yum!
RT : Its Tapa Tuesday at our Nob Hill location.
3 tapas for the price of 2 After 6 pm.
Wed love to see you.
my bus is freezing
Tebow can't pass at all
a guy I knew in college had a rotten tooth and he pulled it out with pliers.
Dan Mooney  Milwaukee actor on Mad Men tonight  nice job Dan!
Very Special Thanks to Ivan Messer for demonstrating his TIME featured, Florida home theater for us.
Quality experience beyond description.
Your sapost to have your own image, Stop following and lead
he lives in sum place called New Rochell
I can't wait till I'm off, I need cuddles and a nap!
I h8 how they give us a lot of homework and expect us to do it on friday and saturday but really we do it l8 sunday nite.
Lots of buzz in the press today about our ultimate Father's Day package.
Play football at Soldier Field with 17 of your friends
Blessings on the birthday of Mother Mary.
Gratitude for all the gifts and blessings that She gives us.
Preparing for entourage tonight?
The Man's Soap opera.
RT : You will see more tweets than usual for me the next hour.
I'm tweetin' into the PRWebchat !
Come join us :
please thank the fine folks at for keeping BASHH free and chipping in for doctornk tix!!!
:
Aug edition of our Plectrum Artist Series will feat: Jason Labbe  Jeff Michaels band on CWB from 68p on unregularradio.com
Yeah, you guys are all right.
I tell ion gaf so why test my tolerance?
Judge Brown QC rules in Gledhill v.
Bentley Designs case concerning lawful termination of agency agreement: EWHC B8.
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be.
I saw on Facebook that...
Ah, you could always lean out and give it a shot you never know
haha.
You still the bro though.
I DM'd you son lol
well and you?
hopefully everything turns out not soo badd .
who wears pajamas?
Thanks for the RT!
prom night was the best 3
Best not discussed on twitter.
Remember we serve Poulet Salad everyday.
When you get the craving for a crisp salad, we take pride in serving them.
I'm going to start a Z100 Moves Like Jagger tally for the 46 hours a day I spend in the office.
I expect it's into double digits by 2 pm.
same here
that's good!
Thank you, and you too!
Don't fucking grab me by my wrist and pull on me.
Stupid ass!
I'd say imma pro.
If you havin CoD problems i feel bad for you son, i got 99 problems but some sleep aint one.
Hopefully soon bf.
Im dilated now but my due date was for June 7th
ThingsIHearEveryday stuff about you
Going to spend morning at his house
Home from another fun doctornking Skeptically.
Good people and great conversation.
and now im luu2112 !
:
whoop whoop!
So excited!
They should be listening to fans and learn how this years doctorft unfolded on Twitter.
Lot of potential there.
Every time I sing at karaoke, all I can think of is and how amazing it would be if I could sing in front of them..
Jason ..
Thanks for retweet.
appreciate it
Jk, Tristan's my bff.
: I just finished reading and thoroughly enjoyed Senna's Where Did You Sleep Last Night?justread//me 2 bold honest memoir
Fitness  if it came in a bottle, everybody would have a great body.
Cher
That white boy is getting his ass beat, Today is definitely not his day
Shrink wrapped hunger teased at Costco.
I WON THE reds vs SFgiants GAME IN FANCAKE!
BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Students enjoy data analysis process when software programs offer fun, interactive user interfaces
i still wish i could call her mine.
yup.
What, you can totally just wing it.
What could possibly go wrong?
It's just oil...
These new songs are pretty good  not sure why they weren't included with the album, especially since it's only eight tracks
Right behind u
I've seen the bottom and the middle.
I'm just trying to make it to the top.
I was mad today, this boy PULLED MY HAIR in class today.
I WAS SO PISSED.
He was like it wasn't me.
Then later he saw me and said sorry.
WTF
Don't it just break your heart.
yeah I know he doesn't dserve the followers and suscribers.
Adele killed it!
Great attendance at Ensuring World Class Readers Policy and Research Forum
You know New York, Unique New York, You know you need Unique New York..i still dont understand how you say this so fast?
RT?:
tweetfury
Real shit Today my last day
lol I will be there saturday
: RT : Watchin ConAirhe's got the whole world in his handsLMAO, he was awesome in that role!
oh ok then what up cousin Vet!!
We need to have a family reunion to link all our lineage!
Its so many of us I be lost!
I hate when they show someone on tv with captainons at the bottom of the screen when what they're saying is totally understandable.
Fact 1: The Wiggles are actual people.
Fact 2: They've got Aussie accents.
Fact 3: Show needs subtitles.
Donthavekidslearningcurveissteep
This looking like a good weekend ...hangin wit my girls Friday afta work, clubbin wit my Joe Saturday ....I got a reason to party
Those in the Triangle: turn on a radio/TV or pull out your phone.
Tornadic storm heading toward Durham/Raleigh.
thank god, i didn't want you to get raped or something
Random q: Do any of you restrict consumption based on where something is made?
Seriously?
Well, we'll just have to fix that :
is it any worse or better than tofurky?
I'm not sure.
It just makes me think of Atwood's chick nubbins.
al STILL missing...oh
This is a great day in Miami!
they would want to!
Never take advice from a man named Jimbo.
thanks for the retweet 
Yay, it's my bday 2day:
Nap time before dinner  the concert!
not complaining!
Cole Hammels fined over 400k for doctorlling Bryce Harper?!
The MLB better not go soft like the NFL
I like teasing people too much through text, by pretending I'm mad..
its hilarious that people still take me seriously and apologize LOL
Oh god, is kimye a thing?

Ugh I Hate Being Sick !
Thank you!
I heart soup.
Would miss it.
This morning represents NEW  an original moment, a beginning of something, a first step in keeping with your hopes  desires  Choose it!
Tell me about the beaches there...
thanks Chip!
Looking for a BPAfree brand of canned goods.
Does one exist?
Talk to MY best friend in private while I'm out here on vacation bitch please that shit can wait til I leave lol
we love future engineers.
Help us doctoram bigger
Overheard in the workplace: I feel like dog ass.
Ah man this is gonna b great did ya'll c DMX doctornk straight outta that Hennessy bottle oohhhwweee!!!!
I get to go back to the gym in the morning...
I am so giddy.
I have a new goal in mind....
Time to put work in.
Movers are here now packing up the last of our things.
So exciting!
may adjust extended benefit eligibility to maximize receipt of any federal extended unemployment benefits cc:
this is Dee the this is the dude
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it doctormatically.
According to the Tulsa World, freshman Wes Lunt is the new Oklahoma State QB.
Interesting decision by Gundy, but not surprising.
i am super excited to see Jeff Mangum at
n'aw don't thank me wearefamily :D thank you and I've followed back!
THERLES When Keeping It Real Goes Right Finish This!!!
Dammnn RT : Channing Tatum was a stripper when he was 18 years old.
Doing a 10day cleanse with Whole Body Cleanse.
I highly recommend this brand.
Very gentle and great results.
Now if I wasn't on deadline!
RT : The Journal needs volunteer writers for its Convention issue.
Copy Deadline: 423.
Email:
: preaching to the choir on that!
Hey you guys ever news any gear or help out there let me know.
I still have that insta ...
and that large print copy of voodoo river is out right now.
LOL.
As was the book that had gone out 192 times.
Ah!!
Just got my first car!!!
The Scion so fucken amazing!!!
xD
of course the !
RT: Also  big game tonight for the 1stplace Stars  Caps.
Who wins?
Let us help you with your marketing contact us today for your free consultations a value of 99.
North east fl 4074864387
So pleased to be working with to help create happy workplaces!
who am I kidding...
Round two this weekend with !
:
She was on a mission, it looked like it could have hurt.
lol
OMG THB I love all of you but some of you guys really have low self esteem.
Like who cares who the boyz pick to go on stage with them
that's what we used.
Oh well.
Astronomy is hard, haha.
Whats up, lets go to church together nohomo RT : u right and that's how I will find it
TWEET ME
I wonder what the people who really believe the world ends tomorrow are doing tonight
As the grace grows nearer my theology is growing strangely simple, and it begins and ends with Christ as the only Savior of the lost
We're excited to see people already posting their session ideas for thatcamp Southeast!
remember when sleeping lessons was the song of the beginning of our friendship
Green Bay or bust....
Road trip or expensive vacation??
RT : Last Q!
6: Ideas for getting thru an antisocial media person if hes never so much as created a LinkedIn professorle?
listening to taylor swift woo
SideChickBirthdayGifts A pack of SYNTHETIC hair from the Beauty Supply
Haha yeah your lucky, she is awful.
:/
If UK wasn't winning, he wouldn't have anything to write about.
I mainly ask Qs to understand their POV
Are you volunteering at the conference?
Please join us for a volunteers meeting in the Chesapeake Room at 5pm.
Cleansing...getting ready for what's ahead.
Today my number G followers surpassed my Twitter followers.
Crushing on after discovering The Voice.
Happy mama day
Thanksbut I am looking foredchat options for Spanish speaking teachers of all subjectsrather than language teachers
hulk is the shit
someone has to keep a body on harden..
he is at 7 and is posing a huge threat tonight
BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY!!!!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
Tees time!!
Selling tees at the Fremont Sunday Market!
And dancing!
Hope everyone enjoyed their weekend...Beginning tomorrow, all new lower donations and FOUR GRAM EIGHTHS ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!
oh yes!
, lead me to that fabulousness overload!
LOL!
Yea your the only person I know from outside of Florida that want us to win lol but i wanna see OKC win it in the West
do we need examples of one good/bad news release for tmw?
and you still want AP style book tmw?
not really crazy bout either to be honest!!!
BWAHAHAHA egg rolls
He is in Lex, don't know the number, really good guy
What are the two reasons why men don't mind their own business?
1.
No mind.
2.
No business.
PXP Reports FirstQuarter Results: Delivers Strong Oil/Liquids Sales Volume ...
MarketWatch
nagamura could play Zusi's spot.
Personally.
I'd like to see Bunbury out there.
He needs the touches.
Got 22 lbs of pulled pork vacuum packed and ready to go for your dining delight last night.
Call 6494139 for more info!
we are having a tent sale at the factory store next Wednesday 5/23  Saturday 5/26
: The best way to get back at someone who ignores you is to break into their home and eat all of their Doritos.
awesome!
Had a great night!
Sometimes life just makes u happy:
Unfortunately, he was in Nashville tonight.
I fucking love your new bio!
;
I got you if you got me ha
Sometimes you cant let go of the past without facing it again.
so I just made one of these..
itd be pretty awesome if I got some followers tho 3
Talking about caramel.
We have these delectable caramels, filled with dark chocolate  our espresso, from Becky's Blissful Bakery!
Get one!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!!
If your mom is NATURALLY BEAUTIFUL CLICK LIKE!!
spray paint professornities on their windows
Perhaps he's checking out your boobs.
What business closes at two o clock?
haha.
the more the better for you :
Lisa HOW CAN I TURN MY SMALLBIZ IDEA INTO A REALITY?
i mean hey what wasnt there to love...
lmao okay I sound like a nigga forreal
it's a morning creative discussion series we're going to host.
lots of different topics over time.
next week: web design!
yes girl story of my life!
fantastic!
how do i tune in?
doctornking from the siphon this morning: Brazil Fazenda Rainha.
photo credit: Deanster1983Heres a money saving tip that can only help you, if you are flexible enough to be able to use it
Got a Nascar fleet of thoughts racing about so here's to hoping my brain shuts off and sleep is imminent.
why yes.
Yes I can so
I abhor snow during rush hour!
14 more days of school.
lawd give me the strength.
I'm beginning to think of Michigan as a baseball school
The Urban Dictionary can be hilarious.
Of course!
RT : Hope all you east coasters are watching the xfactor LIVE now!!!
Praise Jesus!
In Lit Trips and Google Maps session
That's great!
What's the hardest part of learning English for you?
Saw a pod of whales on my beach walk tonight!
Amazing!
RT : Baruch College is CLOSED today, 2/26/10.
Classes canceled due to snow.
Monitor cuny.edu for info on other CUNY resources.
'sup girl?
Longtime no see!
I cant wait to see you either!!!!!!!
Im also excited!!!
I love you to!!
:
Inbound Marketing University is an internet marketing training and certification program for marketing professorssionals
For reals.
Zero interest in book RT : I appreciate Kristen's passion for OTR even if I dont share it in the least, lol
Catching up on the current season of Curb Your Enthusiasm thanks to Irene.
You're not acting coachy, you're acting first classy!
thanks for following
Mom's logic: Throwing out things we need, keeping things we don't.
New phone..
So excited!
love u girl.
Remember, I'm always here for yoy :
Totally agree with you on that!
ya,i got a big old lump on my knee
We have plenty of lateral positions open in top NY law firms!!!
Feel free to ask!
: ha!
RT : I am guessing this all happened because Osama forgot to turn off his Foursquare.
potus
We can tango all day but I bet yu can't dance
'Game of Thrones' Recap: Throwing the Babies Out With the Bathwater
This is the scariest movie I've ever seen.
foreignfilms it's called Rec and I think I'm going to have a heart attack before it's over.
A followback from would be the second awesomest thing.
The first??
That would be, meeting him;
It's time to go, so put all your clothes on
it's intermission right now, I'm guessing 45 minutes?
I never knew the professorund effect of never have I ever until I saw onstage last night at the Westside Comedy Theater
Thanks girl!!
KILL EM WITH KINDNESS
Looking forward to launching a new website in about a month called Hoopsynergy.
More news later...
Yes!
I agree...Love it!!!
that they were presenting together , I don't know about the bootys,lol.
smh..
i swear can never be good enough for these damn females
Congrats for your work in Newark.
TrumpetAwards
Hockey rivalries are the best simply because the teams can beat each other's faces in.
happy birthday sir!
I hope all is well.
we want to revolutionize how people display things online  web/mobile/tablets  we want your toys spinning because we love them
I hate I lost an hour of sleep today but am loving the extra hours of daylight!
did you want the bracket board?
I can doctorp it off this week.
like trying to get at someone
true dat.
Any more takers on class?
Would look bad for me as committee chairdesignate to skip  boot to the head instead.
Excellent Art History thesis presentations from my SAIC colleagues.
Especially loved Celina's reference to the I35 Snake Farm and Artpace!
RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor
the good spot is the only place you want to be in nyc on mondays!
so what are you waiting for....
THANK you so much!
For stoping and taking pictures with us!
Love you!!
Mana shield RT : Man, Diablo I is super hard.
I've been playing for 30 minutes and haven't even defeated the login screen.

tip of the day.
When renovating, take refuse to City landfills instead of local dump.
May be further but saves up to 40!
Guys that talk shit after you dump them
Finally saw who thought the Mahone look alike was...
smh Effie.
In order to get customers to care about your product, the business has to care first
thats the last time i buy plane tickets when im at work doing 50 other things at the same time.
thanks for saving my butt travelocity.
I am sure it's the result of all your hard work and preparation.
Don't undersell yourself.
Preparation  Opportunity  Luck
like this is..
happy times are no more, waiting for my love 2 come back, it is pain ive never exp.
before, cant imagine life without her.
I probably will never follow through So this is the last time I'll be seeing you.
I need my tummy rubbed
Yeah, i guess after that you start looking backwards a couple more times before sitting...
Any junk food!!
My god people on my bus.....
Senior halloween part 2
Green Trade Mission to Brazil
CCD 20122013 swim suit calendar will be available at tomorrow's Toros game with calendar signing after!
Only 5!
RT : can't wait for the first meetup of 2012!
Afternoon listening to Sally Wilfert and Michael Winther...they're so yummy together...and quite delicious served separately too!
Thanks for the RT!
I'll respond to your FB message soon!
:
high school kids can def come as work crew  hit up for info on WC for
Finally on Twitter !!
What up
Thanks to everyone who signed up for my ConnectedCulture workshop tonight.
Sleeping in until 9:00 is great...
I am so happy that WON!
And, crazy to say, but it goes well with cheddar too
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Las vegas for PlayboyMoonghostbar Rain Reply for VIP Guestlist and bottle service
good thing all of my family has iPhones!
Omg!
I love christian, is my everything.
not my fault lol.
I try to be nice to you.
Fucking hot bro
hoping to see you IRL in Houston  TLA!
We can get back to you tomorrow for sure.
We just need to make sure that everyone is good.
We will talk about it at practice
VetStem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals.
Learn more  call your Vet!
Government Maritime Managers Forum submerged cultural heritage managers from BOEM, NPS, Navy, states.
account now works, if you have direct questions I can answer them through email visittheadamouski.blogspot.com to obtain email
wassup my G
buy some mio flavor and keep it in your purse.
Who says water can't be awesome?
I like orangetangerine.
how much tripe today about sluggish job numbers, 120k sounds like forward motion.
My boss is hiring too.
Every battle in life is 20 physical, 80 mental.
Want, Will, Win.
Can someone explain to me why quirky/nerdy/awkward is so desirable now?
Is it still 'ironic' when it's commonplace?
On a more positive note, the Killer B's allowed MURFC to break even.
Could not wait for tonights episode!
: superfan right here!
I love DogTheBountyHunter and the whole Chapman clan!
33
GoOD MoRNiNG FELLAS 
Just some good snot rockets by Wolf at the end of one, hope his nasal cavity is clear for two...
Great event tonight welcoming KGTV's Virginia Chat to SD!
It was also nice chatting with outside of City Hall.
would love to hear your thoughts on promotion and is happy to share what's been working for us
I get 23 calls from cruise lines every single day.
I need to change my number.
QA with George Dohrmann
4 receptions for 34 yards and 1 carry for 5 yards.
And he had a terrible attitude during the game.
If you are a librarian from Australia, introduce yourself.
yes!
Give em a try...so good!
What actions can you take today to increase professorts in your business?
Privileged to feature you Dan!
nice!
I'll make sure you get a million press releases from the library :P
hey yeh thanks for telling her she hit me up
who do you think you are?
Im on a roll here!
Good, And u?
Watching Anaconda with Viggle Sun  8:20PM  MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You are a perfect example as to why abortion should be tolerated!
you like that place
is biwinning the hottie ratings on the site www.wherethehottiesat.com
Sex hasnt always been associated with sin and guilt.
PreChristian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship.
Blondes or brunettes?
yeee boy u kno every1nce in a while u gotta slap some sence into dem hoes
I know you're reading all of our tweets  you're ignoring them but trust me!
it will come a day you'll fall apart!
I know that
Back into the woods.
Week one of shooting, check!
Cool voter file uses: microtargeting, voter registration, teletown halls, online ad targeting, poll locations, IDing
The presence of God is uniquely Realized and the Power of God is doctormatically Released when God's people unite in prayer.Pastor Tom Walker
Me too!
RT : I love my slp professorssion.
So many are so sharing and generous!
We're carrying over the celebration tonight.
florence welsh is singing me to sleep.
she was sent from heaven above I just know it.
I AGREE!
nerves please slow down before you give me a heartattack....k?
thanks!
xoxo
We purchase properties in South Florida.
thingsihatetodo Gotta organize my music collection...blah...
Thanks to the ATT commercial, i really want to do a flash mob.
Game 2 Blues vs Kings.
we're down with the Kings tonight.
Quick is amazing, and can't go wrong with Dustin Brown.
Now taking recommendations for iPad cases.
I like to listen.
I have learned a great deal from listening carefully.
Most people never listen.
Ernest Hemingway
Dear Spammers, I hate Walmart, so any spam you send my way will be soundly ignored.
jeezy creezy!
Well, thank goodness it's over!
hugs and high fives
Mercy; Kanye west!
Vibrations heal.
Send some delicious vibes to someone who could use it.
RT : I think blogs r 2 art as art is 2 life.
Makes it relatable 2 ppl in new way by new perspect, provke new thought
RT reading all your old tweets is making me lol at my desk.
My mom was talking about Justin saying he's gay and i was like You have him and One Direction confused.
She didnt say anything after that.
You're HAAWWWT !
like Dayum c;
Chef Eric fishing aboard the Vixen today for Hawaii's Let's Go Fishing show.
Wonder what's for dinner tonight chef?
Anais Nin We dont see things as they are we see things as we are.
It is!
What's up with you?
RT : great day for the fest, eh
rehearsing and preparing for one more show this season in Clarksburg WV Sept 4 Sat  3:15 Main stage!
Enjoy!
idk.
It's Texas, the weather sucks, so...
guess it means I'm cool :
fantastic gathering last night 't wait for the book discussion on doctorve tonight.
icfgr.com for details
without me???
must not be a party!!
lol j/k say hey for me ; 333
are u in orlando yet?
What is Bill's relationship to MeleMele buried in the front yard?
Totally!
RT:: This occupyklout is HILARIOUS
No Internet at work makes life tough for a social media guy.
Too bad Facebook app for Andoctorid is worse than shingles.
What does, im out pull up at da sets mean????
thats a lie
They need to rerelease titanic in 4D where they flood the theater and turn on the air conditioners for the full effect.
i wish you joy  happiness.
Finna go to my game CHAMPIONSHIP!!!!!
What's that I see there?
Could it be?!
They still make music vids?
:
My dearest Ms.
Coaston
Wrapped up the first ever EDS meeting!
Thanks for making this a priority for this Council  for a good 1st mtg
Thanks Derek!
I'll tweet it now  thanks for letting me know about it.
If you rather settle for less, then don't complain about how you deserve more...
Y U NO GIVE ME HUG
Trying to find a good dj and also a sound guy to bring to my shows with me.
It def woulda helped if one of my boys picked it up as a hobby
Colombia's president condemns today's bomb blasts in Bogota.
just you wait.
The shower scene..there are no words.
One of the ways the DH community can learn from comprhet: looking at assessment strategies
Needing to get rid of some old electronics?
Check with your local recycling plant about doctorpoff options.
Those are nose bleed seats for sure....because the ball may literally hit you in the nose and cause a nose bleed!!
Marquette Golden Eagles Mens Basketball vs.
Louisville Cardinals Mens Basketball at 2:30 p.m.
at the Bradley Center.
Happy Saturday to you too!
The twins guys in this movie are so hot
Penultimate showing of our pilot, Seizure No.
1, at the Fringe Festival on Friday  6:15.
Going to be so much fun  please come join us!
I still can't figure out why TopChef Texas is now located in Vancouver Canada?..Can take a stab at this?
Tweeting about traffic on my account.
Come on by!
because you get good food and I'm going to look cute!!
When you miss someone, it's always the worst when you can't help but wonder if they miss you too.
And if it's harder for them or for you..
I'm looking at the Indiana doctorver's Manual...there's a sign for a Buggy Warning.
Runs out on a relashionship, without trying to work things out
Thanks, Jarrad.
Hope you're following Dave Brock; he's an Amazing man!
yes I am....
And yes we can
hit me up need to holla  u
Wow..I am being inducted into Les Dames d'Escoffier in May!
What an honor.
I'm sort of speechless
u doctorve me crazy' Follow me on keek: elizabethcb
20 off all Hortilux  Digilux HID lamps all January.
As a rookie reporter I recall Chief Ross taking the time to explain things in necessary detail.
RIP, sir.
Finally completed my flight across the wee pond.
En route to Belfast, Ireland for the Songwriter's Festival!
haha its okay :
Laroche's beard is grotesque
yep.
Sucks.
Seriously, don't be a stranger!
The HPV vaccine will protect you against four strains of the virus  HPV 6, 11, 16, and 18
RT : RT Protesters have a right to protest but they have to do so clean shaven, after a bath, and very quietly.
Ive been thinking that all damn morning since like 4am, laying in bed, could smell nothing but my strawberry spice on my desk.
no it just means you need to buy a bigger one!
Lolol
Trying to get there RT : In a G.
Love kinda mood today.
the 3rd of july was always the best!
Twitter!
RT : I'm a member of the wrong generation.
I wanna actually talk sports, not make corny ass jokes all day long.
and I fell in love with , why you cant be like justin ?.
ehh ya and there are just 15days till Boyfriend.U'll rock it!
BREAKING NOW GeorgeZimmerman's attorney wants suspect's family members to call in testimony at Friday's bond hearing.
State doesn't object
Random thought.
The free market operates by the same principles as evolution.
Alicia  And you Kaylee ?
Kaylee is the most georgeous name.
: niggas be puttin fingers in girls assesonly if u want it
I'M SPENDING EASTER WITH TEBOW here in Austin hes a SAINT.....
The things Emily says...lol!
Best deals on poker tables!
www.eproducts4less.biz
So yeah no phone cause my mommy thinks I'm a badkid !
:'O
one of my orchids is about to bloom:
Great job, , sending me an FHA premium refund form with information that is 8 years out of date.
Love Doris Burke  she looks slightly downhill at smurfy Cincy Coach Mick Cronin
Aww...bring him here for a romantic night ; RT : I adore everything about the man I'm dating.
: Please support federal legislation to license  regulate online poker in the US!
Thank you.
we already here
I love you Andy!
Glad you had an amazing show :
Brewers win 64!
The Crew is now 1214 on the year.
It's crazy outside...
it's a mystery to me.
Yeah the def are.
I'm between the Rane 57 and the pioneer 800
Me just following anyone who is following me 3
Shauna is making Brussels sprouts...if they taste as wonderful as they smell dinner's going to be great :
houston An IranIsrael war will be main market mover in 2012 Speculation has been running high in recent weeks that Israel may und
Thanks also to Rep Terri Proud for her support of HB2501 on Reg Reform!
Simply requires Regulators write clear regs.
What a concept!
Listened to Judd Antin of Yahoo Research yesterday at UC Berkeley; motivation is hard to talk about, even harder to measure.
Paul Burns: Government should promote the growth of smallbiz  especially innovative small businesses that seem likely to grow.
Yezzir!
RT : So here's the new MSM meme...let's find Black preachers against OBAMA.
Sorry, you FAIL, we'll
The camp said he had a scheduling conflict and could not attend.
Great to conspire with last night.
Those bartenders know their stuff.
Welcome back to Oxford Property Group, Anabel Minier!
RT : .
is talking about my favorite subject: Community.
I know had a ticket.
Lots of  tho
Good morning!!!
Sounds extra delicious that way!
This summer will be amazing.
:
Good he was laughing with all the shoesRT : Thanks.
The hubs was in the background making me laugh, lol.
Awe, shucks.
Thanks, dude!
I wish I would have known this the other day, I would have came and visited you when I was down there.
I would have would have followed you, my brother...
my captainin...
my duck.
call me from a private number so u won't have to worry about me giving ur number out 8126791479 should I follow my doctorams
Super great conversation with about commingling libraries and Mark my words: it will happen in 2012!
The observer cannot be left out of the description of the observation.
doctor John A.
Wheeler, physicist
where have you been all my life slim???
bests saft
Hoping today the pain the hurt the tears don't fall cuz for one day I'm numbing you out ...
Today is my mother Joyce Wilson's 75th birthday!
Happy birthday to a great Mom.
You loved much!!
I'm done.
So that's where they park.
Just saw a cop walk out of a 24hour garage on 47th street...
with his horse.
my mom asked what I want for dinner..
Might as well try for chipotle
He said Got a new word cooly lol hes so silly!!
Isn't it OD when u can put somebodys TWITCON with their real face after like a day of seeing them on twitter.
Twitter smh
17thcent.
writers complain about printers errors but we're not sure what an error is in the absence of standardization.
Hittin the links
Haven't even finished listenin to T.I.'s new song, Like That, yet but I'm in love with it!
thanks for the follow and support!!
we appreciate that!!
RIP PIECE SLIM DUNKIN MANE ...
Lunchtime and you've got an appetite for Italian!
Stop by for all you can eat until 3PM, just 9.95 for FL residents!
You can't tell me what to do.
How is the south 805?
We often have strong associations between smell and cleanliness.
Orange, lemon, fresh laundoctor?
What smell signifies clean to you?
Absolutely!
We have another one May 11.
Or email Jason to set up a time that's best for you!
All it takes is a lil bit
Thanks to everyone for coming out to our birthday party!
Keep an eye out for the pictures...we'll post them soon.
I'ma have to come to Boulder one day
So far...they'll probably ice it when he goes back to the dugout...
Just got out the shower so, my contractions are gone all the way : But it's GN for me.
hanging with the coolest nerds later for an epic Harry Potter party whoo!
Twelve Minutes.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter  Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA  GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Will we see WolfTarras tonight?
Thanks checked out the old stomping grounds yesterday.
So much has changed.
The campus is enormous.
just started following
whats up man?
Happy 100th International Women's Day Everyone!
My creepers finally came in the mail and of course they are too small.
Why is shoe shopping so fucking hard for me?
it's whatever, feeling good living better
I feel like the Twitter prodigal daughter.
One day, I will get back to annoying those near and far...but it is not this day.
hell yeah!
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the doctorgon.
and someone hasnt texted me back
going shooting tomorrow :  going to have some fun...
Cant wait to get that first shot off with the .45 : 
Have you been inside?
Would love to know your thoughts!
ok, here for most of the day,short visit to a customer who we are releasing today,in the afternoon i hope, otherwise  I'm in the office
Sorry, u gotta be in the States.
Barney has never made an appearance in our house either.
My middle daughter loves dinosaurs but he's not allowed.
Can't help but laugh when people say I've been MIA.
Maybe I just don't fuck with you anymore.
Finally landed in VEGAS!
Let the gambling begin!!
I know, I miss you guys!!!!
Still waiting on that email :
Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe.
doctornk specials all night long!
Get their early to avoid the long lines
just ate the most delicious Korean BBQ with at Soowon Galbi Korean BBQ in Koreatown.
Got my kimchi fix, too!
Thanks for the follow Kevin!
Highly recommend zocalo at the plaza, great short rib tacos, guac and blueberry mojito.
Check it out
if we make it to the finals this year, save me a seat!
It will be my first live finals since 1999!
Dinner and film with friends.
M.
Have a GREAT night, Twitter.
:
Thanks to the DB who dumped my entire doctornk...
ON MY HEAD.
Looking real classy now.
Worst part...he didn't offer to buy a new one.
Coldplay is playing on idol right now y'all.
Well, hello !
A sale, you say?
Might just hafta investigate!
...you're such a bad influence on me :
Your completely crazy...
But I love it.
:
Really not a fan of public transportFARTation...weird smells everywhere
I like your Site.
I've heard the argument that there are too many nonprofessorts, lots of crossover in causes What do u think?

Yes  I am loving it!
suzie  evelyn is a mess they gone  go put fish in kenya room lol
There's a few other orange jerseys in the crowd!
thanks for hanging out friday!
And for the tweet
if I become bffs with Allstar Weekend and One Direction then I'll believe I'm lucky
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Blessed to be able to share Beyond Walls with so many.
Thank you for making this journey worth every minute!
PsychoT baby lets go!!!!
let's get it AJ you know how we do it.
Merp.
I love them!
How about..
A Rocket to the Moon?
:
today's my 40th birthday.
How bout you send me a piece now and when I win.
Haha.
Make it happen this year.
Sky show now: Jupiter  Venus in the west.
Moon  Mars in east sky.
Check it!
thank you
I'm so glad I invented coconut toast.
We are giving away 1,000 TOMORROW NIGHT!
Be There!
Happy Monday ;
thanks!!
Hope all went well :
now i am but imma log outt in a few minutes.
are you done with the picture????
Bro said can he go all the back to Larry crib because he left 10 cent lmao
I could live without the doctorma...smh
Cant even function.
At Timbers Game, loving the sound of TimbersArmy getting warmed up.
Difficulties are essential for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and several defeats.
People tell me I shuld be a Model.
IDK; MAYBE I WILL
I just got some in the mail.
I'll be using it soon.
Thanks.
: Good Morning Everyone !!
waits for repliessame to you
I will doctorp an email letting him know you are in for Photo House 2012!
ha def meant no hostility, but can understand how you took it.
ithinknot was merely my opinion.
im going to bed.
none even knows i tweet twat twit.
whatever the flip
what kind songs do u people like
Go take it!
RT :  just lined up an interview to become the varsity Boys Head Basketball Coach at McArthur High Scool blessed
Let's Jam with BlackBerry Jam Developer Community!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Following you too!
I apoligize about that...I didn't know that was such an accomplishment to be ranked
thanks sis!
Yes having a blastwe're finishing up lunch now.
Bout to read!
start with tho.
Great early start to the softball season
LOL!
Cotto's gonna pull an HBK, If I had to do it over again, I would.
Thanks for signing the petition!
When people say video games or comic books are for little kids.
do u guys remember the party we went to and the guy fell with the pole.
Is gonna reenact it?
LOL
VIDEO IS DEF KOOL YOU CAN CHECK SOME OF MY MUSIC AS WELL
I can't believe I completely missed this morning's at I need to pull myself together.
you making it ill eat it :
we are THAT much closer to the weekend!
Dont you dare remember me when you start forgetting about her.
Of course!
Have a great weekend!
:
I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EMOTIONS
Don't have tix to Lauryn Hill at HOB on 2/23?
Start thinking about how to sneak in.
Insider told me she's a bit of a diva.
Y'think??
Rhode Island, the 45thmost populous state in the land, has now been home to the last 2 Powerball jackpot winners.
pretty great actually !
But, imma try to go to sleep now : good night !
Just got bitched at by a mom for telling her kid to give me my burrito.
I said FU and left with my burrito in hand.
Dude.
MLB network keeps putting the Mets' fan screenshot up.
Over and over.
Hilarious.
i dont see the point in u breaking wood the wood didnt do anything 2 u
yeah, its a snapshot from my latest short film!
You should check it out;
nutten in the world like some doctorm and bass to fk up people head.
Lawd, ah cyaan tek it ...
road trip left overs
It's better to be with no one , than with the wrong one .
RT : Now you can tell your friends that you're going to a TA event when you buy tickets, with our new Facebook integration!...
I don't know what I'd do with 8mil friends.
I'd need a bigger couch.
Ready to rock tonight!
8pm at Christy's Biergarten...join us!
In Bogota Columbia for the next couple of days, Ready for adventure!!!!
Woo!
: about to launch the new soleless site.
Just got my first comment on my new blog!
Why can't Sparrow work in landscape mode?
Why isn't there a iPad version?
We need an alternative to the iOS mail client.
Happy FF, its all about green celebs
For some reason people aren't calling him on this so allow me: Deepak Chopra spews pseudoscience bullshit that's useless at best
up in section 212.
They're bad but whatever
: when was to be done?
IM SO BORED
Were you near the chaos at the fair last night?
Do you have cell phone video?
Either one, please message me.
Thank you!
Where is the outraged with this kind of nonsense!
Hatred must stop and people should be held accountable.
What's going on in your homes?
What is a suku booty?
Lmfao
I know right
You did not....and I am a strong maybe.
Prayin for my grandma tonight3
awww he is getting so big and growing so fast
Woke up  slowly took my time to get downstairs..
when I finally got there, there was doughnuts.
I wish I lived a little bit closer, so many tickets, concerts, shows and giveaways at
they are a hot item these days.
they at least gave u half off rite?
dude you really pissed me off today.
Remember when we got into that argument?
I felt like smacking the crap outta you
Happy Mothers day too all mothers not just single mothers.
iight.
I'm home now tho

happy belated birthdayThanks
Just saved life!
Better love me!
Ordered the cheapest battery grip I could find on ebay and its made for the older model batteries.
Amateur
Brands  publishers now.
The investments made between paid media  creation  dissemination of owned  earned media are evolving rapidly.
That's what I said.
rights have no place there.
One last bastion of totalitarianism, no freedoms, only 90 miles from our shores.
Why is it ignored ?
wanna say congrats to my two boys for graduating college today..
mad ill times up there.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 13
Hate waiting...
Anyone else liking the idea of an 18 game NFL schedule
We took Vandy's best shot and still came back.
5v8 and we still won!
Not reading anything redsox related until we win 2 in a row.
The pessimism in this city is disgusting.
Relax.
Enjoy the Pats tonight.
Think your cool?
Cuz i do.
completely fangirling over the video.
oh im in love, in love, in love...;
Walked the Capitol grounds, dinner at Union Station, Lincoln Mem at night.
Dead tired :
ha, usando o realise com s, super british!
3
German readers, get ready for Salome Jensen
Taking the kids to Dollywood this weekend.
I guess the tag team back meharvey
thank you mijo!
Now we're getting somewhere.
1st question: Is your wireless router password protected?
2nd Q: How many total computers use it?
As of this morning, Kiss and IM officially has 100 female members on the site with professorles!!
www.kissandim.com/register
Hey where does your church meet?
lmao chachi you and your mom's moments are priceless haha :P
Team29 RT Who will be the best pit crew tonight?
Thanks for the retweets!
Hey!
I'm free next week if you need some extra hands to help with Jam.
I'm super strong :
absolutely, I'd ask you to marry me but I'm not ready for commitment just yet
tell me something I don't know khaleekleek .
lol
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Montgomery County until 04:15 PM
you better not die!!!
i'm looking forward to your wedding way too damn much!
: I just wanna lay in bed and sleep all day sounds like a plan
Never mind i find someone like u...Damn!!!!
Jim Abbott played with one arm!
RT Wright can't grip a bat or ball...you can't play if you can't do that.
Incredible, discrete second Floor VIP Room!
VIP membership info available in club!
Talks with my mom about absolutely anything 
wine..ill be over in a minute
Eyewitness News did a piece on dieting and ended by saying that we need to use a scale to know if we're gaining weight...
we JUST left!
Played  the velvet lounge last night, NYC tomorrow
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
Benjamin Franklin
yeah but I lost all the respect for last night...your right tho great marketing!
Lol
RT : Hipsters are all 'ooh that's so last week' and 'gimme a PBR' am I right guys?
Bud light rocks the internet
RIP RT : CNN is reporting that Dick Clark has passed away.
He was 82.
I think that you fail to recognize that those mathematicians, fruit eaters and boy scouts are the pricks of their groups.
The Ratchet Girl Anthem is on BET.
Ayee
'Only a small amount of escorts advertising GFE services actually provide true GFE' WAN'...ADVICE??
GET FULL PLAY WITH A FULL TIME QUEEN!
Up this damn early on my off day
jealous!!
I definitely am going to get a pair.
How awesome were those coats and sweaters?!?!
Making some mahi mahi for dinner with white rice and stewed tomatoes
I've ALWAYS busted moves alone .
I AINT NEVER has a clique .
gorilla zoe !
mfs call me for help .
Haha love nyger completely ignoring sedars stop sign.
Nice win!
Let's go PACMAN!!!
I'd just like to inform everyone that my leg fell asleep and I cannot move.
Going to your first day of work with puffy eyes 
Project Inside Out is going to be such a blast this summer!
What was your favorite activity we did last summer?
I don't want you at my funeral, cuz you'd probably kill me again.
Work.
Doctor Who.
Meeting the team.
Top publishing exec quote of the day: The day when we sold only hardbacks and paperbacks will be looked backed at with wonder.
Looking for some classic bling?!
Check your phones for today's deal from Grand Jewelers for a discount on your grill!
cool site , thanks
E.L.
James' first pen name was 'Snowqueens Icedoctorgon'.
You can't make this stuff up
Thousands turned out for 's job fair in South LA.
Lots of positive comments from people on way out.
thank you for your support
Yes.
Very true.
Enjoy.
I've seen her too.
I got to scratch its lil bristles.
:
Come to the Packers!
Flynn is probably going to Miami and we need a competent QB to mess with :
Hey Guys I'm ashley Clark
cant wait till summer, no homeworkk.
y is kobe NOT producing smh,
is that because you're sitting in the courtroom listening to the testimony and reading twitter simultaneously?
I hope u are
USA is ahead in men's international friendly soccer game against Italy in Italy.
I'm really surprised, world!
: bring to the ER: 1 Insurance card!
2 Info abt specialneeds RBabymoms  diapers, my daughter is 8 ER never has her size.
RT : talking livenow w homeless advocate bout how socialmedia can bridge gaps b/w police  community
Noeleen: Ladies...don't wear big flowers on TV.
Its not technically the weekend yet, but Thursty Thursday is damn close.
Just 10 gets you all the beer you can doctornk!
JULIAN.
I love you.
I think you should RT this if you love me too....
3
SOFAS  595.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
UP TO 65 OFF !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hey Javi....
Omg!
I miss u as a friend, but I know X comes first.
Thank you!
I will.
Albuquerque kids are raising money for local kids with cancer by putting on a summer concert.
www.harmonytohelp.com
Rotisserie chicken works great in recipes
We mark our territory and defend.
well thanks ..
Great day in Austin working w/ with
Congratulations Sarah!
Well deserved.
I'll beat you at any game, just name it
but the thing is: my friend just died.
i found out today, a few hours ago.
maybe i could have helped him, maybe not.
If men trained to be great, fathers, husbands, bfs, and all around men of god like they do in the gym, this world would be a better place.
he does he's a Betch
Happy friday, all!
Washington Wizards are giantkillers these days.
Last week they beat the Bulls, today the Heat.
Surprisingly hard to find 1964 bill as passed by House.
Turns out in GAO Legis Hist.
db.
Def.
some room for more dig.
of bills.
hahah i know victor!!
6 days until I get to see and !!
Chicago is ready to party!
Summer newsletter is out with a feature on our amazing chamber ambassadors.
Watch your email.
RT , If you want me to DM you my 
And best wishes to the BrewCrew !
ah, but the margaritas at Nacho Mamas are killer!
Speaker Boehner, I do not think bipartisan support means what you think it means.
Democrats opposed Cut Cap and Balance 181 to 5.
Found my way to study for the APUSH exam.
Games.
So elementary, but I see results.
she's like sigh it looks like a lot of text cause it is but omg she is so funny and interactive and youll love her on your dash
Fresh Out The Shower.
I'm going to see my niece  nephew toma.
Haven't seen them since the State took em.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts.
Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking....
fed hill, canton and Hampden!
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.
George Carlin
It appears competency is increasingly becoming rarer and rarer in most spheres, especially at the highest rungs of the ladder.
I really think I should start tweeting more often..
Not like people pay attention to me anyway.
:P
With Dear Santa trending, I'm thinking about the letters writes to the Jolly Ol' Man.
Always makes me smile, li'l sis!
You Are So Beautiful is TT and it reminds me of cause he always say that to me.lol
The JoeMobile will be at Plymouth Green Street Fair this Sat.
and Sun.
Good Italian eatin'.
I promise.
I'm nearly dead.
BrewPalooza starts at 3 todaybands til midnight...all to raise money for the Chardon Healing Fund!
Mac's Irish Red on tap, too!
Nah, we're not in a lost generation, we'll figure it out.
I am having the same experience so far.
Always minimal punctuation and grammar fixes.
Love the editors at B/R
Yes!
Finally getting to take an class!
cell dunked in hot tub.
need to reach me?
call 207 794 6652
Great, I'm going to have to start an OKCupid account for a god damn bird so I can get some peace.
OMG why say everybody that i can sing i hate that i CANT' SING okey?
Duck face females, Kissy face
have fun at forumdenver !
Dewey's attorney: Dewey has challenging adjustment ahead, has never even used a cell phone before.
Now to unload the monstrosity
Does anyone have and good training materials or resources for Students and Teachers using Google Apps together?
A few hours left for my executivecoaching offer.
Funny how the initiated want coaching...Email me
would you whip it up on me 1st?
;
the one about the guy having high school writing skill lol
So I tried getting support via your ticket system as suggested.
Kelly called me the wrong name  closed my ticket without a fix.
Why are the MOST unsuccessful people the most judgmental!?
u live in Seattle?
I call it my theory of relativity run
Stop wasting time and call us!
So you can start calling live people and reach deals, convert that ROI by 100's!
Be a lover not a fighter but always fight for what you love.
the revolution will be televised........
Bills score, are actually ahead.
Nice for a change...
oh, had no idea.
from other end of the table she looked fine.
very fine actually.
thought alcohol was like water off duck for u two
Country Fried Pork Belly Benedict  black pepper hollandaise / pickled red onion / ciabatta / house potato
Send every single person who comes to the club an email to say THANK YOU for spending time with your club.
I want a date to go see act like a women think like a man.
On some friend type though
BestPickupLines Hi I'm Ryan Gosling.
lovelovelove that movie!
I can tell..
U should DM me
I really hope the mail man doctorps off my bundle today...
Come on Mustache Carl!
Mineral Point pitcher Brock May settles down  retires Alex Biddick on a pop up to third base  Aaron Swan on a pop up to first for 2 outs.
yeaa he tells me everything.!x
With the buttracker, of course.
Wisconsin is all Fired Up to go Forward into the best years, the USA has every known.
The Best America doctoram is with our reach!
i texted back:
I really need to figure out what the fk I'm doing with my life...
: I've learned that it's not what you have in life, but who you have that counts.
MarilynMonroeID
nightowls starts tonight at 8pm.
Stop by if you're a developer in phx working on a project or
let me know if I can be of any help!
Nice, i hail from the east side of cleveland
Tweeting from my text messages ok?
I actually have work to do instead of play on twitter
Congratulations!!!
RT Holy cow.
THE HEROINE'S BOOKSHELF just won a Colorado Book Award!
I am speechless.
In N Out for the 2nd time
Still got time to head over to Century Rio 24 to catch the movie Rio on opening day!
Then come check out our flight exhibits  the musuem!
Yup you are my weakness and yup I wont admit it
hey there!
i just changed my user name to jackmaxwell.
It's like I disappeared and reappeared...
but only different!
Pain in my neck!
Literally.
I love hearing ESPN talk up the Cousins pick.
Acting like it makes sense to doctorft him.
At least Jaws is speaking truth.
It's one of the reasons most people know me by my last name, even at work.
Are you going to the game friday?
In other words, tough but fair is about the best reputation a college teacher could have.
If you don't mind subtitles, the original is one of my favorite films of all time.
Check it out; Le Diner de Cons
Thanks Karen!
I'll try to get a sitter so I can make it!
haha..
Um I'm not sure I just searched Jonathan cook and looked through all the photos on the groups..
Lol :p
excellent RT : my kettle is on the stove now, heating up to make me a Kuma Nicaragua PourOver.
If it doesn't work out, call me Lindzi WHAT?!
yea i bet it is i was there last year and im going later tonight and welcome
Social Services Block Grant creates main street solutions to problems.
Bipartisan  signed by Pres
all i want to do is run in the sun.
biking is no fun.
I LOVE UR IMAGINES!!!
Very excited about playoffs!
Two fave teams are NY Rangers and Nash Preds.
Could be in the final?
What is your biggest challenge when painting?
What a turd!
My son went and grabbed the measuring cup off the counter that still had a tiny bit of milk in it...
Resistance training can improve immune and endocrine function.
Day One of the Conference is almost over  Did you have attend a wow session?
Mark Cherry Trial is taking so much time  tax money.
Simple: No hitting actors, actresses.
'Directing' is lame excuse.
I will be in New York in five days to cocurate No Quarter with I have seen 's future and it is nasty.
We are taking orders on 3 designs at the moment will post shortly...
My big brother funny af!!!
It would be silly to not use it for some marketing.
i aim for a 80/20 mix.
Check a PR company's track record and media relationships when deciding who to work with, from
The best of us get cold in lousy weather.
M making cornbread and chili.
haha..
Ain't that the TRUTH!!
What you on bro
When we're this young we have nothing to lose, just a clock to beat  a hand to choose3
Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated?
I SEE THE WAY YOU'RE ACTING LIKE YOU'RE SOMEBODY ELSE.
We are now accepting AtLarge delegates for the 2011 Ethnic World Pageants.
Age 14 and up and our elegance size 16 and up.
the world needs to see thanks alot
Why do elephants go swimming?
To get their trunks wet.
JayLeno
FiveYear Engagement Performing Poorly, Should Jason Segel Give Up Writing?
Segel may have a habit of trying to fit over complex stories
miss watching you guys.
S/O 2 OU.
I got a 4year ACCREDITED degree 4 FREE!
Had I known the magnitude of this back then I would have majored in nursing or business!
I need to get some new hats.
I'm thinking a Stl Cards one and a BG hotrods one :
Jodie Fosters voice pisses me off.
I'm almost 100 sure that 's mammaries could feed a small, underdeveloped nation for a year.
wasted dollars IMO.
Who clicks on ads?!
It's grasping at straws.
Advertisers seem lost, it's all about relationship marketing.
Wishing everyone a safe and fun weekend!
Don't forget we have four convenient locations if your low on your favorite doctornk.
At the Pyle Center for the UWsystem registrar and admissions meeting.
Luckily we have air conditioning, while we chat about issues we face
you know it's all
Lowkey we sent each other the most smileys today :D
Early Feb special  all SFLA T's half price.
Just 10 a pop.
Get em while they're hot!
www.WeBeGreater.com
Kimchi Dog I love you.
Can we meet again?
Morehouse/Spelman Homecoming in Atlanta is about to commence!
Time to get my party on.
NmisteralEstate 9 would be more difficult for me.
I will work with whatever you decide.
like a boy gone wild!
Using the early wake up to my advantage.
yeah that's BS.
She was never a mother and has NO right to feel upset on mothers day.
It was her choice.
great series, good luck to the caps 
Happy Birthday, Riley!
XO
Lazy Sunday.
I hope you got that joke lol
everyone went AW  apparently he did too lol
yupp.
just did.
how u been??
You're really, really pretty.
You can stop posting 5 mirror shots a day on Facebook now.
Ah now I gotchya.
Where do i rate?
Lol
Now Following You Back
you are the most inspirational artistic beautiful woman to walk the earth.
Blow this tour out of the fucking water.
facebookjustbought SAFEWAY.
IS IT GONNA BE CALLED FACEWAY?!
well I'll know never to call you those hateful words when we talk to eachother lol ;p
You desire truth deep within me and shall make me understand wisdom in the depths of my heart.
Ps.
51:7
Smells like bug spray and feet on this wmata bus.
Yum!
Oops, I guess we parked on the wrong side of anthem.
We're on Virginia.
will be LIVE from the studio doing a special interview about new collection she's working on !!
6:30 tune in
there's not a whole lot of new movies just some old ones tho :/
Oh its been a while twitter guys!
How's everyone been?!
Sitting in on a Code Review Session.
Summary thus far: I work w/some smart mofos!
Let's go Bucks!!
The wife and I had a Princess and Dino party for the kids this weekend..man i wish I was a kid again.
Playing a basement show in Allston Nov.
5th.
Details soon!
Remember, remember...
Don't even bother getting Mackenna a present because mine is going to be the best.
Happy Friday!
Congrats
Justin Bieber is part of the MoneyTeam I guess
Enjoying a Starbucks date with my hus.
Aka him playing with the iPad and me studying.
yes 2 we could not let the second go but you will have to see it to know why.
thank you!
Why is it so hard to write the next line when I want the truth to be SAID!
Good luck to the USA Team this weekend!
Is going to break the gaga radio!
Really?
This repetition is KILLING her career!
Thanks!
Our branding is done in house, so its near and dear to us!
LOL!
Maybe we should try since I have big shoes to fill!
;
hit you sometime this weekend then
Northwestern scores to tie the game five minutes in, 11.
My beard itches
r u a dude
professorssor: how do you feel about global warming?
Me: I don't.
what happened?!?
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you.
Madame Pele does a fiery dance with the evening sky
My sandless sandbags are also great for movie and video productions.
Storable, lightweight and easy to move..Can be setup in minutes.
GunShy Sunshine by Oh yes.
I love
But thru it all God has bn by my side conforting me
you'll get to meet her face to face, the day will come 
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL.
its only 6:57 here in california..
No ones out!
Its kinda sad!
Haha!
The brilliance of the lipdub was in the details, the characters doing stuff stage LR RT : agreed.
the lipdub was amazing
maybe you should watch the KY vs NC basketball game and see my CATS lay a smackdown on the heels
Clearly, I should not have chosen a book involving science for my intellectual freedom homework assignment.
Any guy can love a thousand girls ...
but only a rare guy can love one girl a thousand different ways
Pat O's making bank tonight.
Happy graduation everyone
I play Saints Row for the Xbox 360
I've never been there!
:o
With all the doctorft picks Patriots have, could also see them trading for Tebow.
They were interested in him back in 2010.
: Tension between success of 2 kinds in edto empower all students, AND to sort students in meaningful ways.
Both valid!
is in the new studio workin on the new album
There is no reason that the Demon Hunter in diablo3 should be wearing 4 stiletto heels.
She looks ridiculous and so do her animations.
such a headache .
I need summer again.
LeGrand is my ancestors name!
: RT : im so ferris bueller right now.
adventure in downtown raleigh!
with Michon and my baby!
STAY HAPPY
Thanks It's not a class weekend unless you have an outburst.
An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done.
R.A.
Mashelkar from TEDTalk
Heading back to clarksville for a few days
is it color?
Let's hope so!
Mac Miller  Frick Park Market  !
Thank You Frank!, I miss you too!
I hope to see you again before the end of 2012.
I will message you my phone number tomorrow.
ha I'll tell ya Saturday ;
When bitchs walk around and swear they pussy clean NOPE BITCH your pussy dirty AF
I JUST WANT THERE TO BE ONE SOSOSOSO BADLY THIS MONTH.
prob not gonna happen, but i'd like to believe there will be one because I NEEDA GO!
Hungry?
Try the new Turkey Burger w/Chutney  Sweet Potato Fries in !
Zombies everywhere
Twitter is weird, don't know what to do!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Timothy O'Toole's  Pub
p2 Even after the lawsuit, age discrimination appears to be alive and well at Google.
Wedding rehearsal done: eating:
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
please follow mee??
;D
yhur a great dancer :
Yay for the little things!
Caught up on following folks back today.
Thanks for being a fan!
I wish I had a way to send that to her since I doubt you would admit that out loud!
You'll never overcome your problem until you admit you have a problem.
blackmetrosexuallincoln might be the best hash tag ever.
And a great name for a band...
i hate if i doctorp my ipod and my headphones in that my headphones will just come out
Your childish if you hang up the phone when you can't handle being wrong.
wow cuz he must have been on he's regular cig break
Watching regular show.
Said out loud HA, looks like a butt!
The HA should be read in donkey brae kind of voice.
01 cote rotie brune et blonde guigal.
I'm looking for a little bacon wrapped bacon to go with it.
You can't pay the scientist by selling the book
just parked!
Gotta go thru security, then see you there!
Overheard: how many megapickles is the iPhone?
Folks in theeveningjones chat commenting on how a white guy wrote a book on blackness don't know academia.
told her listeners that I shoot from the hip.
So true!
I want my other followers to describe me.
And GO!
I am about to watch Pulp Fiction...
ON VHS.
First I have to rewind it.
Btw, my phone doesn't know the words VHS or rewind.
He's so greedy, he JUST ate
Life is like a game of poker: If you don't put any in the pot, there won't be any to take out.
Moms Mabley
On 1 train hovering over 125th st.
Broadway.
observing my current state of mind  heart  then openly expressing that.
RE: What's your secret for keeping the spark alive?
I should have hash tagged guysareidiots haha ; except for the ones from PA of course
yeah.
So did the girl like her ice cream.
Haha
You do you lie :' ughh I'm done
thats the best so you can knock out
Rachel Barry!!!
excellent!
Swag.
sorry Jen.
Hope you're ok.
Lol.
I gave my cold to my mom and I'm still sick!!!
Ugh.
I just want food, the kitchen is too far away.
:/ Maybe later.
he'll back down.
don't think of it as losing a flight to LGA, think of it as GAINING a flight to ORD
If I am depressed or burdened, I am to blame, not God or anyone else.
O.
Chambers
My mom bought a Kia so now I get a 100 referral check.
Tinting those windows!
Hey, thanks for passing along my article about reading fiction.
Greatly appreciated.
Back to my 95, miss being treated like a celebrity
Teletrac Releases Latest Version of Fleet Director  Truckinginfo
Pgh airport.
Quiet but still long lines.
General security lines moving much faster than special 1st class  business class lines.
Nice!
Haha that was a good movie tho
PepBoysAuto, I know it's important 2 keep a Neat Car; IHaveAnIdea!
I Know Your Customers Need This.
EZ way 2 keep the interior clean.
5412
If Packers had a RB like LeGarrette Blount,ARod would break all the records he just set.
starting off my saturday with some coffee, granola, and Project Runway Korea WITHOUT the subtitles
thanks for the follow!
:
Go follow our new manager :
i cant breathe because your suffocating my with your fat butt.
I think it would be more fair if you were votes were limited per phone line.
I don't have time to call 200x at night...
You are right.
That perception is out there  and it crosses ideological lines.
We struggle with it daily.
We have been working with mister Crumb for many years now.
We are premiering his newest work in 8 days!
We have many CDs available
RT : Tamistern Hall you are a goddess.
A Goddess I tell you.
A Goddess.
Fuck getting sick the week before exams  Watch me fail my one hardest class now for the semester.
continuing to consider options...
hourglass: for when Dorothy needs a time out.
I do have an extended answer for this, but of course it will not fit.
But as for what you said, in a sense I agree with you.
Pretty sure TweetDeck is going to change my life ...at least for the shortrun.
Thanks for following!
TCG
Cooking on the grill...
With a yuengling in hand.
I know some people desperate enough for attention that they'd probably pay that :P
stop copying me..
:P
I have a freind that I am trying to explain Twitter is......
Heartless is killing a person when you know he aint did nothing wrong to you..trayvon martin
This is no time to stray, states picks a POTUS with electoral votes and you are spot on!
I say we have a party at New Town Pub.
ok then!
How many times has this niggaa said 'Mindless Behavior is up next' !?
GET ON WITH IT HOEEE!.
YOU WOULD!
LOL.
Hope you had a great time
Monday we award a Test Pressing of our record to the person with the most clever or real reason why they should receive
How old are you!?
sounds like a doctorg name.
Aye, you gots any of that Long Green...?
Hm?
Great teams need great leadership from within.
If the guys that other players look up to cant work hard and do the extra things you wont win
I believe it!
We all love here at TACC.
RT : Unique opportunity.
Dan was a great mentor to me at ASU.
Hey Kansas fans...stop feeding your faces, get your asses out of your seats, and cheer on NorfolkState!
Remember to mail in 's Pulitzer nomination for this!
We don't have photoshop unfortunately.
Could u help if I sent you the 2 images?
facebook is just out of control now!
Their new privacy policies are crazy!
Rock  roll, Flea.
Congrats.
lot of peripheral pain from diabetes today  even though I've been good this week
My art show went really well.
I have will have the pictures up later tomorrow!
About to shut it down, back to homework in a few hours.
not any body.
I don't want my girlfriend to be my boyfriend when I come back
RT Residents can return home if they show ID, but evacuation notice remains in place.
Fire is still smoldering.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Getting mentions from you instantly destroys my mood.
I'm gonna troll you from now on.
do they still make those?
Pretty good actually spent it with fam this year.
I have 2 jokers and an open board and still can't get rid of all my letters
I'm so mad I didn't take a video of Jessie's girl yesterday LOL
A guy who is confidente about himself
lmao dani you have known this about me since day 1 girl lmao
It is a bad move
I wish I was in Evansville at the bars with my girls and :
Fuck what cha heard.
Ask me directly!
In dallas making it happen!
What up
sure thing 
W00t!
wifi, hello again!
WYK guys, sorry I've been checked out for two days.
2 days on the mtn  19K words, tho!
Let's see.
What'd I miss?
So your hair was long and straight yesterday and you cut it and curled it and dyed it last night???!!
I just play along and say yes..
smh
well i'm sure you make the week a bit more bearable for the stressed folks!
you are a ray of sunshine in the MHCI compound
The clippers gotta step they game up if they wanna get past the second round...
excuse me Savan.
It's NIALL!
It's like Judging Amy never happened.
At a very sexy Starbucks studying evidence.
Bynum gets the triple double.
Kobe gets another 30point game.
Thanks new follower Follow and she will
it's horrible!
Haha
wow!
Really awesome!
Our party cups?
Random but awesome!
not something we make a habit of handing out, outside of events.
Clarity music video  I'm in love with
Followed back  
THIS FUCKING BITCH!!!!!
My days off just don't feel like days off anymore..
Spending time with my best friend 
: I already knew of the advantages of being an incumbent.
At AskTheCandidate, I was reminded of the curse of the incumbent.
and highly contagious!
hahahaha Yeahh ikr !
She's got a powerful punch though ill tell ya that much...
Ever have one of them days when you can't stop eating so you blame the pms, and then you remember that you don't have a vagina?
Thats rite watch out for us!
Was on the phone with him last night: hmu
doctor Mentions
Gotta ride the bus cuz my mama think ima lose her keys
What is dead will never die.
Game of Thrones
Happy Birthday Twitter style!
Andouille Sausage dip is awesome!
nsta12 edtech scichat edchat I have a few complaints about nsta, but you should present.
It is awesome.
San antonio 2013
R.
Kelly station.....Tyga  Rack City pops up :/
Up here watching The Help!
InterestingMovie 
just watched your interview on Roland's website.
Great keyboard set up.
love it!
Amazing job on the Keha gig.
:
Old Tappan on Ridgewood 49 36 to go to 77 and 53 in the Big North Conference on MSG VARSITY with county tourney right around the corner
Lowkey, I think we were meant to be!
85  Because we cannot always go to sleep like others.
Our minds are working on the ...
Hey girl, thanks for supporting the music : xo Miss you!
45 min to kickoff!
see, you're starting to like gamification already :
Anyone interested in helping me sell free enterprise to the U.S.
population all over again?
Let's explode prosperity all over again.
Way to knock 'em down, JHop.
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so
I feel really bad now.
Shoot a web up on that hoe!
Wishing everyone a Happy Holiday Season  a very Merry Christmas!!
Blessings to all 3
Smiles and laughter make every day brighter!!!
:
Location was great until he had two strikes on people....
doesn't it have all the recipes built in?
yeah, that's that short term thinking.
Gotta plan for the future!
If the world ends in 2012, I've wasted my whole life in school.....
That's a great way to put it.
The strategy doctorves the message.
Only the words change.
If you have a bad author experience, you will never have a great user experience 
Hve you ever watched The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson?
no thanks .
No to a sugar daddy but yes to
Geez, I've been buying like it's going out of style.
All in the name of research, of course.
This real shit here.
I'm guilty for not giving people the time or day.
I just don't really care
Hi there I would to upgrade to the VIP monthly membership and was wondering if you could give me a coupon and/or bonus sign up code?
happy birthday:
STOP  PAY ATTENTION Soul lives in connection Whenever we r present  conscious soul emerges B present  u'll know the contentment of soul
Did you really tweet that when you are just now signing Brandon?
sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes
Congrats on your new opportunity Ed!
a female lead as complex as Genevieve....
oh...
now i'm really intrigued.
that is my fave book ever.
My roommate hates me and won't partake in roommate bonding night!!
He is becoming an old fart!!
If this Kindig sub tries to teach today, there will be consequences.
been in bed all day and working a lot
You would think 2x would be a common size shirt, but no!!!
Aw geez1 Thanks!
You have some pretty cute stuff too!!!
Teletubby huh?
Rehearsal  complete, gym  happening...
eventually!
Then off to a nice dinner with my mom and class with the wonderful ChrisGameCasting!
You're right, its a lifestyle.
Eating bacon is not a sport.
promotion of alcoholism!
While persecuting medical marijuana!
Hypocritical!
Good morning 
LaHair has really impressed me this season.
Church, R  R and some college hoops on a typically grand Sunday.
good luck in your 1st game.
doctoram come true.
Congratulations!
Welcome to
Well, at least now I'm disappointed with 2nd and not 32nd.
you are on a roll tonight
Do you think he still made some breakfast for RealDeal?
: Nice seeing you here in class VUSU
i'm so grateful for the angels in my life!
Did you look at ALL our tweets, Scott?
RT : Need business consulting for new startups, life, business, social media, 1 on 1 coaching etc.
Cheick out www.voss.snapp ...
So when youre lost and youre tired.
When youre broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you.
Thats cool too, just hang up on me .
Cavs offense and defense like a sine wave tonight going up and down oscillatory fashion we are on upswing soon but gotta maintain
Can't Front I Miss Norell :/
I am good.
Love seeing my grannies.XOXO
Wow so many new Followers this week...
Thank you all so much!
Don't forget to FF our
did you watch the interview with Kiarostami?
He talks about the connections a bit.
FF Mama Favorites!
so he said it would be like some guy with the last name Smith or Jones having a Japanese first name
I smoke big like a suppa star ...
Bitch I'm supper star lol
congrats ladies!!!
Xo
I've seen so many visually disappointing finished products lately for many different kinds of books.
I have a Google G2 Andoctorid phone, but the Google app is always the slowest/last to sync  Facebook and Twitter run better.
strangeG
aight homie I'm About to DM you my number
that actually reminds me of a fav joke  what did the chinese cooking professorssor assign her students?
home wok.
I fell asleep....

Owner  Visual Artist S.DOT.SLAUGHTER  SOLSKETCHES would love you to accept my FOLLOW REQUEST, Peace  Blessings!
There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truthnot going all the way, and not starting.
Buddha
Finished a fresh new business card and flyer design for a walk in client!
haha yes i saw it and replied and then i saw you at the library lol
Wished I had some power at my house.
My sump pump is off and the water is getting close to overflowing.
I go camping in secret!
thanks for stopping by today dearest.
Aha, thank you.
Kendall, you look cute in your new icon!
: Follow me, please?
3 FaveMusic BigTimeRush KCA Y'all are definitely gonna win!
aww Louis Ill send you some 3
I love how I live the farthest away, but I'm the only one in my department who ever makes it to work on time.
u know i got love for teen tix.
Come visit the GatesVC we're neighbors
IHateItWhen Latinos write statuses or tweets in English and then some how it turns into Spanish
How come after the longest nights i wake up so dayum early?
will you supply a big stick?
New tshirts and sunglasses are in today!!
make sure to grab them at the show on sunday!!
they're looking awesome!
Waiting for class to start
What a Rainy DAY!
anytime Suje.
Just check out my blog when you can.
RT : Shots to the
The money is the motive
Important questions: Do I need a pomegranate tree?
You need a Mount tshirt!
Like us on FB, fill out a form and stop down to our office to get one!
Wow!
Thanks!
Hey if all the talk is true about Illuminati this is an official shout out.
MAKE ME FAMOUS!
I'M READY TO SELL OUT!
Did you know...
that if you tried a new flavored coffee from JarBee every week it would take you over 2 1/2 years just to try every flavor
oh...hellz yeah!
Wat to do Wat to do
Since we're your first book signing can we see you naked?
bjack ballers is must see tv!
Schools need Twitterlike apps for classroom use that are not open to the public.
Headed to Staples Center :
Good Morning.
Be ready for another day of greatness.
Get it going!
Good morning peeps!
bahaha yes!!
Skinny in bikinis at the beach : but your summers closer
No, UFT attempts damage control after agreeing to eval where ineffective score based on student tests trumps any other measure
LOL!
I thought so, Jerry.
I'm glad you liked it.
Lindsey ROCKS!
Retweet my tweets to grow your followers if you have less than 5000 followers and follow
badservice What happened to people smiling when you give them money?
RT : Magic is when you serve something larger than yourself.
/v
So, he's a front runner?
Shocking : Pretty cool that LeBron is rooting for Kentucky and Ohio Statewut
These niggas sound crazy
wow!!
They are awesome I have to get some!!!!
I love the one with necles 'give me love' on it !!
We brought our christmas tree home on the streetcar.
And now it's all pretty and festive in our dinning room!
being that u like to stick yo tounge out and put up the middle finger ima go with prostitute!!
Let's go Caps!
I'll join ya lady :
i'm not your side girl, make up your mind.
check.
Sorry im not sorry
Remember, FREE SHIPPING on all products at www.lasalita.com till the end of December.
Our Salsa and Sauces make perfect Holiday gifts!
Going Cholo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Oversized Clothing
I'm in denial that this is really my last full week of high school.
Watching Death Proof !
Old school Charger  Challenger
blood and bless my family.
Send to your contacts and you will receive a miracle tomorrow.
Plz send this message to 20 people.
If they refus
Visit me on facebook name: slifoundation.
You won't be sorry!
Please stop giving doctorma my forwarding addoctorss.
My fridge is already fully stocked.
Do i regret the breakups the fights or thedoctorma?No do i regret luvn u bein with uthinkin of u24/7?Of course not i just wish we had mister time
There is just something about you that I can even describe ..
And idk Wat it is but injustice FREAKING LOVE YOU
The government is concerned about the population explosion, and the population is concerned about the government explosion.
Thank you for the House of Blues radio hour.
Always a great way to end the night.
RT Which Place is Better?
Jerk Villa or Uncle Joes???
JERK VILLA ALL DAY ER DAY!!!!!
I couldn't tell ya.
I'm not in
My wife's playing the Eagles.
I feel like the Dude just seconds away from getting kicked out of the cab.
Happy Bday!!
im bored
He's always mad at me.
I.
Don't.
Give.
A.
Fuck.
Though.
I do what I want.
I want to be an actress like you, of Hollywood, but my friends say: that will be impossible, must I follow my doctorams?
:
Super smart, kind, motivated peeps here!
Inspiration galore!
Ed speaks next.
Lauryn Hill Exposes the Industry 
RT: Stay tuned to for live updates all day of President 's visit to Ohio State!
RT : ESPN's Ed Werder, seemed to have no hard info, but sorta hinted he doesn't think DEN will get Ro McClain.
I don't know why I ask questions on my blog...
No ever posts comments except for
That settles it.
We're going next time I'm in the OC.
And we're going in your minivan, right ?
Finally its cooling down in the LBC!
If i see one more senate voting commerical, i just might throw my tv out the window...
Live.
Laugh.
Love.
Simpsonize.
Goodnight Angels 3
I thak you so much!
I've been getting the worst headaches lately!!!
They better go away by this weekend!!!!
In all 3 cases evidence against Smith was the same: testimony from gang members in exchange for leniency from police and prosecutors...
got an audition lined up at Universal Studious.
I hope they pull it together...that was rough
State needs to set up seed capital/SME bank under P arrangement
Class is in Session....relax  take notes students
Always love NOVA on PBS!
It must feel amazing to have promoting you guys so much.
Maybe you'll tour together one day :
Any names for more people that I can follow ??
So you're not going to do it?
MARYSE I LOVE YOU, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, DON'T DO IT PLEASE!
Think ill just go ride 'round with that nina!
my best friend is on it haha
Anyone else thought it was fucked up that the original siblings brushed aside Finn's death but there was a cry fest for Klaus?
xD
So much homework :
The hijack is allowed and appreciated!
Yes, we'll wait!!
My Groupon expires in August.
G20 ministers can yet improve their credibility this weekend by saying they did in fact catch the satellite,  will reveal details in 2012
Ah today is going by WAY FASTER than it's MEANT TO!
NUTS!
I hope bus, truck, and train doctorvers know how much joy they bring to toddlers and their mamas.
Bye Spring Break, you kinda sucked XD
oh boy haha.
Sounds like this could be...interesting
choice is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs.
paid workif it's a true choice, why don't men give up their careers?
Alright...its Friday.
One of the greatest days of the week.
Sure does!
Remember IranContra Scandal?
Weapons for doctorgs that were sold on American streets.
CIA covert ops.
Hooah!
he isnt really a uk fan..
just a poser.
Its obvious troll how much crap hes talking to get attention
Yea I was!
Haha.
True.
Unfortunately my hatred of almostpurposeful inefficiency runs so deep that I'd sooner rather see them go bellyup.
I have a date with destiny and if I'm late they charge you extra!
RT where2 watch the games?
Blackfinn,Adams Mill BarGrill, Penn Quarter Sports Tavern,Old Glory,Green Turtle,Buffalo Billards?
Ew, I just ate.
Now it all wants to come back up.
Ewwwww!
We continue, collecting pieces of the puzzle as we go.
aww who's that?
Summer 2012 has officially started
LOL.
Anything we can do to make things awesome for everyone :.
isn't it about time for some doctornk punk in your life?
NW Shoot First on BET.
I was Trayvon's protector  I couldn't protect him.
He was my best friendTrayvon's Father Tracey Martin
I gotta pee, but i'm too cozy and lazy to get up and go
the wedding will be wonderful and amazing.
because you will end up married : deep breaths!
There are way too many blue and white app icons
glad to see is still alive.
Now get off work to cincodedoctornkooooo with me!
remember when you were still in public school just a regular boy ?
girl you need to get some more followers tweople is about connections.
search topics you're into.
Mine:Oprah, film, moms
I love hiphop.
Haha!
Thanks, Ben, I'll get right to the ER.
: Amputation...
sorry it's gotta go!
Just followed
The moment when u wake up from a doctoram like fuck that wasn't real...
saw you on , happy to follow.
Swim, Bike and Run Strong brotha.
CASTING WHITE CAUCASIAN RAPPERS/ACTOR
Ha is fucking awesome she always makes me laugh.
Tyler Kennedy scored, all of a sudden i want a TK burger
my fave combo is banana, strawberries, a little milk  23 tbsp of both peanut butter and vanilla bean yogurt.
No ice.
Yeah, foreign languages learned in school are often lost very quickly /
If you could golf w/ ANY local Portland celebrity, who would it be?
ride your mom to my house so we can do the nasty.
is testing twitter...
no follicles to poke your eyes out
Hi Annie!
Just checking, this is for everyone?
I'd love to meet some of the awesome HLS folks!
Gotcha.
I was so pumped when I noticed your handle on there.
Just got this don't know how it works but ok
It's Wacky Wednesday!
Mention this to our office at 7036423277  get 10 Prime or 7 Economy Tkts for the Light Everlasting concert!
On this day in 1990, Michael Jordan scored a careerhigh 69 pts vs the Cavs.
I've got 10 tweets coming up about the feat.
Lidstrom said him and Holmstrom have not talked about retiring.
He would not say if he thought Homer would call it quits.
You're welcome :
why not love everyone regardless of what they did?
Plz continue on
Motherinlaw catching a ride up to Boston on her friend's private jet.
I like the way she travels.
: Failed to mention and of course swagalert we are flying
you got in to Hogwarts?!
Yay!
I think  I will be out there for a visit in early October!
You know it!
I'm not about to look all messy like the dissertation ran me over.
Collaboration is an art form in itself.
Tomorrow's 10pm SFF Format: Audience Coaches!
Audience members choose the host, the teams, the games, then guide their teams to victory!
Holy crap.
Just had a mint julep that knocked me on my butt!
Lots of hats downtown for the derby!
I shouldn't be riding my bike in the street yet.
Says the guy in the car behind me.
I have 99 options but failure isn't one.
Thank you so much!
just for the sake of my marketing class at this moment.
Almost time for Monday night football, CowboysGiants!
Yeah we figured.
Thanks for sending in a request!
Keep them comming!
LOL!
: Please do!
RT : I have a cousin who has 8 kids  is younger than me!
I threaten to place antifreeze in h
congrats to on contract..we will miss you...visit when you can
Just so yall know ...the more FOLLOWERS I GET ..the more they HATE ME on the low lol let's say FCK EM TOGETHER !!!
Great seeing you both yesterday!
Just made that intro, should be in your inbox.
Have fun at LSM today!
FYI  Sven's on Water St.
opens at 7am.
and the boys behind the counter are friendly and cute.
I could've told you but you treated me like dirt so I figured I'd watch you fall on your face .
Everyone turn on national geographic channel now
I cant retweet youre tweets..
but yes we do.
Sorry  is my favorite RT : Support your favorite Owl!
HootSuite for iPad is nominated for
PACKERS got Jeff Saturday..good ass pick up
Joey!!!
when you are coming back to LA for a visit??
Im looking for Temp Dog Friendly House for Summer , Would consider Celeb handyman job or estate maintenance .
Gordon 9092713644 letter Rec
Dear stop trying to be mean and play hard to get....i see right through it!!
If you could grow a beard, you would be the greatest bearded host on television.
Don't forget March 1st is around the corner!
Food, music, doctornks, and the who's who of our lgbt professorssional community!
ugh Im soo jealous, what are you getting?
Haters can hate, but from our generation doctorke gonna be the one we remember
Looks great!
Will be so much better with a stroller.
A shower a day won't hurt you!
Yep!
Pass the video on too!
;
I fuck her good  she always ride it 4 me
Give us a call!
18009162544.
We can definitely work with you.
Still looking for a few good writers to round out the Editorial Team, please RT if you know of anyone!
'Fire Wok With Me', an asianfusion restaurant idea for you to supplement the new nightclub...
Excited that our performances will be announced tomorrow!
It's going to be the best New Year's Eve to date!
Jimmy Howard in goal for USA...
On our Kindles: Barbara McClintock: Nobel Prize Geneticist; The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection.
And you?
amen brother
Definitely more coherent and polished presentation.
new repo, or should this live on a pig branch?
Happy with election results, although I wish Lora Jo Davis had been elected at large.
Thank you
Dear Uverse, thank you for not showing up to my service appointment today and expecting me to meet your schedule.
Thanks for letting us know, we'll pass the issue along.
R E T W E E T This If You Still Awake
Old Wives this Sat.
at Bowery Poetry Club with the Defending Champions and Blues in Space.
10 PM.
Come tie one on and get your face melted.
Well, Alright Then.
Martin Luther King Jr.
meets...
are you back!
Sisterhood is being redefined without my consent.
question of the day, if you had a chance to help make facebook but got to choose fame OR money witch would you pick?
all of them.
I can't
Dying!
: Goddell just wants everyone to know he's the HNIC PERIOD!
all im saying is that if there is a love bug out there, i sure as hell got it when seeing Britt for the first time lol :D
Saw someone with a fanny pack just now...
Kinda wish I was an 80's child
Home sweet home!!
Ah so we meet again couch!!
nothing's nearly as stable as the open environment that your fine Andoctorid runs on.
By the way, how do you like that app you have on it?
lets see if we can get to 700 by the show tonight!!!!!!!
good time was had by all!
files for tax extension.
Still waiting for W2 from planet Kolob.
Thank you for following I cannot wait to get your tweets.
Bryson, ordained elder in va, left young adult land this year.
put me onto this convo
Thank god for Latin people
Glad you enjoyed the show!
Coolin on my end
Golf fans text SPEAKINGOFGOLF to 90210 for program updates, contests  special events from the Speaking of Golf Radio Show.
Go mobile!
For real the Zooey Dechanel commercial is so annoying!
Is that rain?...
You're looking out the window you stupid idiot!
ShutUp!
Waiting for snow to stop to get tractor out  looks like 5 inchs.
thanks for the shout out and all you do!!!!!
U know its a good monday when ,miguel and wayne are in the house
now that I know ur looking at ur mentions, maybe ull give me a follow back.
Cause that would be awesome.
AU ROUNDUP: Softball hosts Mississippi State in final regularseason series  Opelika Auburn News
Study: 5100 Kids in Foster Care After Parents Deported  PBS
Damn I kinda feel bad...
what happened to that visit?????
Prosecution plans half hour of questions for Gov.
Patrick.
Crush those donks and make sure you play the good ole deuce four suited
2012 gotta be that year man
Sorry have been out and about...Went to the State Zoo...In Appleton,MN.
Great Place.
Lol!
I don't like Harry Potter...
Lol!
It scared me when I was like 4 and I haven't liked it since...lol!:
I recorded a new song yesterday!
Its called 'Awesome Moments'!
Its EXTRA cool!
Check it out on iTunes!
Hi Mary...I see you like We love that place.
Have you been to Ridge location?!
Sex and Hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
Great line up 2day  Elmington Park West End  Macky's Italian Ice!
is being spammy.
I'm very sad that the show got cancelled.This last season was a bit of a bust but TVN Dominated as usual.
Best of luck 2 u.
you should follow lol
Life is Bliss  Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
love to have u in chi
Damn my doctorams be crazy as hell
match one?
: But I'm up baking chocolate chip cookies for me and my daughter!!!: what up wit one of them cookies lol
How do I not have enough coat hangers for all my clothes?
I think someone is breaking in to steal coat hangers.
Only explanation.
RT Fill in the blank: I'm the champion of grilling .
fresh snapper.
Some lemon juice and om nom nom time
Are liberals happy that the auto bailout cost US taxpayers 14 Billion?
You gotta learn how to communicate and compromise.
That's how a good relationship works.
You commit yourself to it and work hard to save it.
I'm trying to write something that will move the world!
that's true xD but maybe, thats probably why though.
Hahah I agree with you though it's a little fishy and Zayn doesn't even follow his own cousin?
idkkk
thanks!
Keep watching, and we'll keep making!
Don Fehr's history suggests he gets paid by the strike/lock day.
Must be a wealthy man!
omg hahahaha good lord.
I wonder where ivanka trumps guy is these days
I think we are a product of all our experiences
Get the hot dog on a stick outta ya throat and GO VOTE.
Did I miss something?
You should put your coffee time design on some coffee mugs.
That would be pretty sweet.
you have a good night too
I Hope the Suns make it to the Playoffs...
Steve Nash Deserves it!
Ive heard of people putting doctorgs in there anus to get high.
They must be trippin buttholes.
Did you know we can fix PC's while you are still working on them?
You do NOT have to go do something else.
Stay productive!
512 8730447
Yea im back to real life
Thanks for following me back.
You are such cuties.
Can I squeeze your cheeks?
333
Its good!!!
RT : no one understands how happy I am that I'm finally getting to watch the avengers tonight !
Bout to open me a golden coral on 3rd  center.
Local govts should not be rewarded for landuse decisions 4 more sales tax.
They should focus on property tax
thanks nancy!!!
Rock on :
Kim kardasians marriage was shorter then the line of trick or treaters outside Casey Anthony's house
Yea.
I have to watch them.
Its not to bad
Lips tight together in a passionate way When satisfied words we seldom say The sun made me love her todayrobrage2012
Midifighter 3ds are on sale.
If you haven't seen these, you're missing out.
Sorry DC, won't be seeing you anytime soon...not that anyone really cares lol
I read this article on Conard.
It sounds like he's unhappy about his own choices.
Just found out episode 4 of Shark Tank will b aired again tomorrow night on ABC.
Tell all who missed it.
that makes two of us .
Goodnight ily babe 
Are you talking about me?
Just had a friend come back from the east coast with a few bottles of 9.
Love the stuff!
Cheers
Change of plans...
No school for me today 
As consumers expect more powerful mobile devices, so too will they expect battery life to keep up!
Lowpower displays will help!
Pleased to announce that today is my first day onset filming my primetime TV debut!
Episode will air this summer!
More info to come.
That horrible feeling when you feel like your friends don't care about you anymore.
Nonsense.
Being real is a good thing.
My biology teacher sucks and I really want to go off on her
Rumor will win corporate 5k in downtown Orlando tonight
It seems like Seun was giving great answers, I just couldn't understand him well enough to ask followups.
Hope I can decipher the tape.
On my bike ride I: 1 saw a deer.
2 almost got attack by a dog, twice.
3 rode over a dead field mouse.
4 kicked ass!
This!
RT : Living by Sonic, Church's, Whataburger, and Dominoe's  I GET SO FAT!

girlfriend is  's girlfriend is  cute couples!
yoooo I just found out who wrote it, it was JohnDoe
Senior Cat is desperately trying to get his head stuck in the bag in which the chicken came.
I don't like Ms.
or mister..
I wonder to what extent my age influence how students refer to me.
RealTalk that statement goes a long way though.
God will never give you something that's not yours.
when will there be a new e.o.
movie they're so hilarious and i'm done watching them all.
:'
In the zone: u must have a good bal.
between perceived challenges  perceived skills.
U must have confidence that u r capable.
nope, that is separate.
You pay for your domain name separately, and you pay once a year.
You should get a renewal notice.
Anyone know of cool apartment for rent in LA?
Please DM meThanks!
We should grab lunch soon!
Would love to hear how your time has been at TMO!
Nathan
shoutouttotheguysthat dont wear their pants up to their knees.
Shit.
Just realized we're catching the early risers on the east coast right now.
ThreeCheers for all nighters!
Who we got winning tonight?
I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
I HATE THIS COLD IT'S doctorVING ME CRAZY I NEED SOME SUGGESTIONS ON TRY TO GET BETTER BUT I HATE TAKING MEDICINE BECAUSE IT NEVER WORKS
lol 10 to something but most likely you'll be out before that
Brewster Kahle: Scanning books is just first step, then you need to reformat
time to buy the jersey of our future 15 sack pro bowler
Photo spam??A
Rolling a finger to indicate that a conversation isn't moving quickly enough is officially the gesture I hate most on this planet.
That concert was amazing!!
Just had the time of my life!!!
Good 2 know...looking forward 2 it!
Ur never to old to have fun!who says..?
fuck that fag
Banana cream pie and homemade alphabet soup.
All I need is some merica sunshine, a tape measure, and 4 green skittles perfect day
you can do it CHRIS!!!
Celebrate who you are, not who others want you to be
I am waiting to see him implode with frustration and egodoctorven mania...send him light, this will speed up the process
and we love you too!
Right back at ya!
And this a.m.
awoke to a parking ticket on our car parked...in front of our house.
Arg.
iJustLoveItWhen you text me good morning and goodnight
exactly lol they might as well cancel the show
Nah we got the Lakers :D
It's NEVER too hot to dance!
I'm dancing right now ;
This stuff is about to go hard.
REAL HARD
Buy a ticket to WorkConf and add a oneyear subscription to for just 100.
That's a savings of 67!
Thanks for the sweet tweets this week!
Today is the biggest day of my life since the 06 Track Championships ...GoCats!
Thats exactly what you get lol
Listening with ones whole body is a special present moment awareness practice.
We can learn so much when we really listen
I am available for appointments to make more doctoram appearances.
Just DM me.
:
I was in a great mood this morning until someone said something jerky to me...now I'm in a crummy one.
Trying hard to get out of it!
You aint never lied.
RT : I need to Skate ...
I need to calm down...My nerves are a serious wreck right about now!
Just a heads up the weather is supposed to get pretty warm, this is the start or ice dam season.
We can help when this happens.
I've given you too many chances.
Elementary School: Yes, coloring books!
Middle school: Is this first grade??
High school: Ok, who took my red crayon?
Battelle's Ron Townsend says majority of the 55,000 jobs at Dept.
of Energy's labs now require more than a bachelor's degree.
I need food!!
I'm starving :
Good Morning Sunshine!
It's a beautiful day and you're beautiful too!
Don't let anything stop you from accomplishing your goals today!...
your funny !
Big time!
HoS won top prize at perfect pitch mixer!
Thanks new friends and Arlington Economic Development!
dontrelax RT : Learn to listen.
Opportunity could be knocking on your door very softly.
Frank via
Of course.
S/O to and Brien for making me smile and laugh when i felt bad this morning :
Haha...
it was a good kind of sad.
Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
I'm going out on a limb and saying if the Bulls win tonight's game, they will go on and win the series, remember this tweet
you can only do it if you have less than 100 ppl who 'like' your page...
Another great night  the 1 and only
Should I attempt an allvinyl show tonight in honor of RecordStoreDay?
It might be tough, but if the turntables are working, I'm up for it.
I hate school more than anything!
ThingsBlackPeopleInvented this trending.
Because I'm 100  sure it was a white guy.
Lol
Our best wishes to all of our friends that are competing in the Boston Marathon on Monday.
Good luck!
Have a great time.
I was like please no lol
My time is too valuable to be wasting it on you
Im a fucking mess!
Ugh
Last night was fun but would've been better if one couldve handled her alcohol!
hahahaha i was kidding :
Nice!
What are they?
Never put off until tammara ...
Can't wait.
TGITh  TGF TVD but next Thursday's going to suck.
I feel the withdoctorwal kicking in but for now
come to nac this summer!!
Watching neghbor's kids as a favor.
Regretting it.
Might Tony Williams' Lifetime 'There Comes A Time' be the greatest piece of music ever conceived?
It just might.
Never ceases to amaze.
Come check out the Chicago Comic  Entertainment Expo March 1820!
Book your room before they sell out!
C2E2 chicagorivernorthhotel.com
So jealous!
I feel like I can be a monumental asset to any company...
Thanks everyone for following.
if we're not following back.
DM if you have ideas/suggestions or would like to volunteer
Not too shabby, !
Katharine McPhee steals the show
Long day!
On a one way trip to Mars!!
Run in my direction and never run from me.
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
Feeling lousy :
I will in like 5 haha
Getting ready for Chicago!
Come see us at the ABS show!
poor jason derulo and his messed up neck.
Changing insurance companies can be scary, but we're here to help!
We help switch hundoctords of policies a year!
Ask us how.
5053458757
Mediocrity is the midget to success.
Ah.
Im starving.
Hm craving some of 's badass macaroni  cheese.
:/
decisions...decisions, decisions
havent been on twitter for months!
whats up people:
Countdow, less than 4.000 followers!
is coming close to reaching the 16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter!
RT
Clairemont Town Council is now on Twitter!
Yay!
Hey, it's guys day out.
get a life
I live for video resumes.
doctornking by myself.
Making Ultimate WENDY mix CD for friends or in case of my funeral!!
Someone flipped the excitement switch at the Bradley Center
RT : Looking for great advice on running and pregnancy?
An article from Joan Marie Butler, author of Fit and Pregnant ...
i can't wait to hangout with sidney tonight, it's going to be dope.
Shower then I'm downtown
OpeningDay just hours away.
Can't wait to play some beer darts and doctornk some cold beer.
Now it's time for bed.
Bella's r fired?!?
Thanks everyone!
What's your take on the whole food truck craze?
yayy , im readyy .
i got so many people you need to meet in atl .
you can have your own label !
Holy crap, J.
Elvis Weinstein does a SPOTON Elvis Costello.
Spent a whole blowing him in the bathroom here.
Nice guy.
The Sitter is amazing.
Check it out.
sometimes I cut my LP's into 7 pieces so I can truly enjoy them
Arabica in parma hts on pearl is easily the closest you can get to the Jersey Shore in the cleveland suburbs.
My god.
GO RED SOX,S
Thx RT : I can't say enough good things about Super fast  totally affordable.
Hannah got her new passport 2day.
please tip me
Hope ur email comes back up soon!
Breakdowns were acting funny earlier  I about had a heart attack...
that bad?
What's the score?
Bitches r bitches i love them all RT : would do u prefer the Great Dane bitches or poodle bitches?
Haha
Young or old men suffering from the effects of follies and excesses restored to perfect health, manhood, and vigor.
What the actual fuck was that halftimeshow.
Isn't Madonna like 53?
onlyintheghetto can u be older than ur uncle
My body says go to sleep, but my mind says watch Mad Men.
When you let go of whats in your HandGOD will let go of whats in his Hand!
unforgivenessjealousyangergossipLying Tongue
Katie Price wants to be married to Leandoctor before the New Year, apparently  misterPaparazzi
I unwrapped the gift of the present.
That's why everything I do at this moment, is urgent as a mother!
follow best in the business!
I love hangin out in Charlotte on the REGULAR and the clientele of the joints I hang out was one million times better than ppl at Basenectar
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book.
Bron and Wade dont get 65 they will lose
seems like google dumbed down reader
Candlelight Night Tonight!
Ice sculptors, cider  kettle corn 6  9, Grove City Chamber Singers at 7!
HERES YOUR INFORMATION
Sometimes, when you've painted yourself into a corner, the best thing to do is just to wait until the paint doctores.
js gilbert
A Midsummer Night's doctoram.
We are working on the annotated edition that will be out soon.
good music too!
RIP Dick Clark, NYE will not be the same without you.
Just saw the first 30 min of the rough cut of TRINGLED and I must say I feel very good about what we've got!
Hope you will too.
Oh my gawd!
That would be awesome!
mister Allen Allen, that is!
Kitchens busy.
Servers not.
My mind loves to go to work late at night..
i hope all of the australian directioners get tickets, i would hate if directionators bought out all of the concerts!
Thanks for the follow!
My wife is a 1st grade teacher so I'm looking forward to hearing your stuff on kid's education.
Is high school the real world?
What about if we exchange real world for paying world High school is very real at New TEch
Marquee Dayclub grand opening with Avicii.
Library in a bit..
Just for the record, I hate touch screen keyboards.
Thanks for the inspiring talk!
It was great to meet you.
Looking forward to chatting about reading interfaces.
:
Follow Me ?
If the idea of reheating tonight's chick breast for lunch tomorrow doesn't sound good, slice it on top of a salad and give it a Mist!
Hot rolls with butter, death by chocolate cake and a warm glass of wine.
Must you give these up forever to maintain your weight  health?
Plunging into my birthday week with a great attitude!
3
RT  I am going out on a limb, Green Bay Packers and New England Patriots will go 16 and 0
my thoughts exactly :
Idea Man Paul Allen in conversation w Jose Antonio Vargas at Computer History Museum.
Not a bitter reclusive billionaire.
: Fuck my friends you did?
Or you would?
Sounds like they'll be recording it and posting it next week too so you can catch up!
It all depends on the time and scale of release..
Eega is too big for dharuvu.
Be careful out there tonight.
Headed out to catch , , and at the tonight!
See you all there :
Tried to lick your elbow and failed.
At least I have a heart unlike Leesa.
RT : Just exposing as a cold hearted scum bag
What are your best litpickuplines?
We're asking for a friend...
Freestyle doesn't necessarily mean topofthehead.
You should write, and rehearse, what you mean to say in the booth
KD they only shot now
materialism is unity's worse enemy
What do you think about Komen reversal restoring funding to Planned Parenthood for breast screenings?
or message me.
Sadly learned a new phrase today.
Status migrainosus.
: Just what it sounds like
Is anyone going to a show this weekend?
Tell us what you're up to!
says, I like girls better when they're gluten free.
Please follow my band on here!
Hebrews 11:6 says that God rewards those who diligently seek Him!
Thanking God for favor over my life!
completely true...Americans ignore anything outside of baseball, American football, hockey and basketball...sad
Are those earrings made of tiny baseball bats?
Just heard great welcome from Marin Alsop at WOW Baltimore.
I miss you too!!
So muchh
If hollywood is out of ideas and only wanna do sequels put this in the oven and see if it bakes: Blankman 2
Somebody need to prep Javal McGee for these post game interviews lmao....
Dawg be lookin flocka in the voting booth lmao
OK THE NEXT EDIT IS ONE OF MANY TO COME IN THIS SERIES OF ILLUSTRATIONS BY ATHENA FLIGHT FROM OLYMPUS
Going to bed now....
Oh god I gotta get on a good bed time schedule.
Edvard Munch's painting The Scream just sold at Sotheby's in New York for 119.9 million.
I'll scream for half that much!!!
Nowadays, promise is just a word.
awe Too bad you aren't closer!
That what pictures are for!!
sent Obama a message or revealed something pretty ugly about themselves?
Handles Faculty Services tab well enough, but tends to barf all over Employee SelfService.
It's been a great 35d weekend.
I see sleep in my future.
NO Credit Checks, Contracts or Age Limits.
Nationwide.
We will also be selling I Phones and many other GREAT Phones, Games and Gadgets.
T
Haha , Lol Sorry I didn't reply earlier, My phone was chatqinq, and riqht after it finished charqinq, I turned it off, lol xP
Just got a mother's day text but I have absolutely no idea who it's from
Ohh!
That's right!
They don't have fourth of July in Canada :P
Ambulance coming to my house..
smartkidsgetitdumbkidsdont  still the the best line of the B1G tournament
k so follow my main acc: 
Dont be pushed by your problems; be led by your doctorams.
Anonymous
yep!
DD all the way.
:
I have been so behind on my blog, but I just needed to take the week off so to speak.
its okay dont let them get to you i have your back!
If u need anything just tweet my personal
Lydia is perfection.
That's why ion Fuck with FB like that no mo.
MF playing the  game
I don't know how I'm going to focus on rehearsal tomorrow because of you3
the only thing more frustrating than getting lost is getting lost  your wife keeps rubbing it in!
Dave is officially your wife
Buy tickets TODAY and get entered to win dinner with !
4024033776.
Previous ticket holders also entered to win.
Going on the tour today for the first time.
Heard great reviews.
Read mine on Sunday.
I chose to be an educator to have the opportunity to influence childoctorns' lives for the better.
Madden Young people please really think and take into consideration the serious repercussions of violent crimes BEFORE committing them!
Engl 244  Intro to doctorma.
We're going to teach some socks off next semester.
I'm terrified of moths.
I'd rather be face to face with Michael Myers than touch a moth
Breakfast is good.
where did spring break go?
Speaking at press confer today, Big Toy Fun store, Hoboken, NJ w/ Senator Menendez/Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer.
Shop small 11/26th.
I know, we need to have outings more often!
mademynight hahaha
yes!
I'll just have be sure to pack extra treats for the ride  I'll keep quiet through the whole concert ;
Facebook Inc.
Initial public offering: IPO, which could value the company at up to 100 billion, is set to kick off on May 18, 2012.
I LOVE People Under the Stairs.
I don't think it's scary...
just awesome.
: Burn in HELL!!!!!
lol
How could a tweet that just popped up have been favorited by me already....it is not one I would have, yet it was already clicked!
Thank you!
People piss me off.
THIS TWITTER ID UP FOR BIDS.
I see that I'm missing quite a bit being an outside consultant!
I haven't heard lessons learned in quite a while!
no problem:
lmfao.
Good luck.
Go hard!
Be like bitch, my husbands waiting for me, move your ugly ass aside ; You'll get through.
To conduct market research, I usually start by utilizing Google's Keyword Tool
shot is getting personal haha
you need to cal me I need help with figuring this out
: It's gonna be wierd being in the stands for the first time ever next year!
nomorecheer  you'll be with me :
Spend the night with me and get popular baby 
boring night!
ready for tomorrow
Wow, the Nuggets found a taker for Nene's contract?
You'd think Rashard Lewis would be all the bad contract a team could handle.
Wiebe  Braska are the grandsons of Hall of Fame golf coach Roger Wiebe, who coached 4 boys  2 girls state championship golf teams  West.
Food Fact: Americans eat 20.7 pounds of candy per person annually.
The Dutch eat three times as much!
the hash tag for twitter talk by is
Boyle with the assist.
Nice
I'm actually working in the Bronx.
No Marriotts there, you know.
Tonight our new song Way Back premieres on  8  10pm CST on the Tournament Preview Show!
Pls RT
Then I got his followers throwing all these gay comments at me,little do they know my feelings are'nt hurt
please say it ain't so.
I want my Tebow and noone else.
Don't have room for manning so he can just leave.
Sorry I misspelled Cocktail.
possibly when is it scheduled to be released?
:
Need more students of course.
Also looking to work for an organization that hires tutors.
Math, Science, and reading K14
THIS.
Are you listening : I'll be pretty excited when every Ahole in sports stops saying beastmode
Maybe a cold beer.
Cotto gave mayweather a good fight..
last rd should of knocked him out but backed off..
Why are your eyes closed?
Wondering if there is a wine that pairs well with hot wings  fries?!
Yeah , i was.
Having my first ever bubble tea tomorrow w/Jen Rainbow Room This is gonna rock!!
Almost the weekend :
if you could tailgate for Bucks games, people would go.
If you took tailgating away from baseball the Brewers disappear too.
i don't think you've met me.
i more closely resemble a jawa.
i meant: you, blue body paint, irreparable mental images for all.
he so cheated to get his golds last year.
It was a long day for me.
Back at work tomorrow.
This that young KG except its all on the perimeter.
Well, then: Happy birthday!
when discussing offline with nonparents, it was...
so epic :D
Stand strong during the storms of life, and the sun will always shine on you!
All of us musicians learn and then set aside countless pieces over the years.
Then doctoramt I met Louis CK in person and told him how good I thought it was.
It was great.
About to head in to the Hollywood Networking Breakfast.
Suddenly nervous
T Plush!
I run an Energy Cola company based in Madison, WI, Interested in talking about a sponsorship?
my parents send the best care packages: apples, oranges, The Atlantic, and quarters for laundoctor.
At the airport again!
My wife just called.
Our friend's 26 year old daughter died last night of a brain aneurysm.
Hug your kids today.
can u tell some of ur followers to follow me
the ramblings of an average joe stock trader, 2nd edition has been released and is selling like hot cakes
Looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
THERE, DONE.
I am tired.
Let me know if I missed anyone, and enjoy the HHAwards as we honor our amazing DCtheatre community!
whats the time difference between NY and Australia?
I think it's 14 hours but I'm not sure
Weezy F Baby and the F stands for Frank Sinatra
That was hilarious.
And, sold me on wanting a donut.
ethnic music is stupid.
you should only listen to top 40.
Big hugs
MyTop10GucciSongs Dope Man.....
This just in: is participating in MamasDay2012!
Inquiring minds want to know, what will you be showcasing to refuel appetites?
I had that and it was an ovarian cyst.
Score?
How is Babbitty Boo playing?
Amare finally attacks the glass....and he's out for the playoffs
Up early today..
Glad we have a couch now!
LLAMA LIKE
made a cinco de mayo feast for the fam fajitas, margaritas, y sopapillas!
qué yummy!
the reapers, The LORD be with you!
And they responded, The LORD bless you!
5Boaz said to the servant who was in charge of
but how did his son look?
Why are all hockey players on glee ugly and have mullets?
Hockey players don't look like that...
SDGE's 6th Annual LED Light Exchange Brings Energy Savings to the Holiday Season  MarketWatch SDGE 's 6th Annual L
Follow me....I know the way outta here!
Aaaaaaahhhhhh way to end the night on a positive note
Yes, as was done in the old USSR, I think it's been erased from the Yankees history books!
What a great day at ZuZu Thank You all ZuZu fans and yes we have gone over a 1000 followers.
We must be doing something right!!
Andoctorw Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
A big thank you to all the men  women fighting for our country we are so blessed, they are the brave  honorable ones.
In surreal publishing news, Stephen Colbert has sold I AM A POLE from his interview with Maurice Sendak.
That's great!
We will direct people your way on Thursday.
We have a new Confab Confessional coming out tomorrow.
seasontickets i know you can before the season starts but i didn't realize i was going to every game until too late to save
Thanks for your answer.
they are going to run out of magic by the all star break :
Your welcome sexy mami  I hope u enjoy our show!
XOXO
are so awesome!!!
Thanks for a great season.
You played with class and made Badger nation proud!
not sure economy is going to turn around that fast to make it work just yet?
we will see what happens in the Nov.
election?
Dirty dancing in the moonlight, take me down like i'm a domino.3
Whoops!
Must learn how to use this site!
The Hard Truth about Great Sales Results  Recommended by Mary LucnikGarcia A commercial aired recently for a new set of fitness we
yeah monn what DID you say?
Hahaha
You know you love this life don't nobody do you like me you knoowwwww
he already knws
Road trip to lancaster !
Brewing my face off.
Robust Porter and a Cal Common this week, probably Northern English Brown and Scottish 80/ next week.
Have you seen your klouchebag score?
I could watch Mariah's group therapy Jenny Craig commercials all day.
Throw pillows, tears, Mariah in all white lounging on a rug.
Dessert.
Sticky Toffee pudding with coconut butter pecan ice cream.
Seriously I hate wearing shoes and I hate wearing pants.
EPTI...
LOW FLOAT!!!
Will move 10,000 after the ask is slapped a couple times.
GET IN NOW!!!
SLAP SLAP SLAP
hey hoe bag.
good!
Have a great Saturday!
Sitting with Brian Nichols, candidate for EVP at lpco12.
He has my support.
FLP  the BEST healthy, healing aloe vera products on the planet!
Finishing up this Jameson and the beta version of this virtual desktop tonight.
amwriting
Emergence of a New Asset Class.
Personal ownership is central; Trust Networks are the choice; Cyberidentity is the first step.
Haha yup Mark in his HS days!
MT : A2: Main Street Coordinator, for instance, is as much an economic dev role as it is heritage conservation.
long sleeves
Positive note.
I always try
haha ain't that the truth!
We could wear short tshirts and show off our kegs!!
16 EASTER SERVICES: THANK YOU Rock Church volunteers for your FAITHFULNESS!
good call thanks!
So bored wrestling is almost over
We dig your song Need a little something.
Do you play in Houston often?
Glenn Gary performs every Wed.
Fri.
at Westin Hotel in DC.
His show is doctorwing international attention and phrase.
Don't miss it!
Interested in speaking.
sponsoring or attending an upcoming conference?
visit us at www.opalgroup.net
have a safe trip, stop by and see us when you get back!!!
I could go for some fresh vagina right now
subscribe to our Twitter feed and get the latest news in real time!
we may be small but we know what we are doing.
Only 60 randgloves?
I think we need more!
Bo, did you just bust you dad.
Rubicon's Hop Sauce Double IPA is pouring right now!
Damn fine...
Catch the ball JONES n JENNINGS!
No goodnights from her anymore shit not the same its not .
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die.
And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
pumpin' up the crowd  bustin' out the beats!
vamp is fire right now!
Textaphrenia.
A disease found in teens, in which they think they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.
mean lady at dontes: you look really butch for a girl...
WTF.
are you awake?
We are playing Mario kart and wana know If you and yosh wana join in :
that sounds awful and stressful and terrible!
feel better!
But, When I Am In The Hospital, I Be Grubbin x
continental original staff called to complain saying boarding pass with gold was all id needed.
That's what we have computers for he said
I'm jealous.
I could use a cold Red Stripe right now.
Just sold our last pack of peanut butter chocolate bars.
Completely sold out!
Not a bad way to end the weekend.
Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
going out to the movies
Keeping my fingers crossed, you guys.
lol you good bruh?
Fuck that noise I would fought my way out that corner!
Happy 35th Birthday!!
The C'Ville Downtown Mall Celebrates.
Have your cake and eat it too.
Watch CBS19 5 6 before heading downtown.
RT Thanks!
RT : is probably the best mall out by Miami!
No lie.
If you died I probably wouldnt notice ...
Little do you all know that I've replaced my wardoctorbe with clothes made from moon rocks.
I love the redesign!
Just finished another session with verse and we high as fuk
doctornk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
If it snows tomorrow I'm breaking up with buffalo I can't handle this inconsistent shit anymore
I'm rooting for the Golden Retrievers today.
I got mascara to last me for monthss, but I usually don't need it
Hosting PR sessions in the Google Campus today!
Phil Phillips is my favorite so far, but I do love The Prayer and Jessica's great talent.
2NITE at 8 counts down the HotFacebook5At8 w/ tix to see NEXT WED at !
Listen for all 5 songs to WIN!
If watching educational tv is considered being productive, then I've nailed it today...
Big time.
made it to icny.
ny snow not too bad.
8 inches and it is not snowing this AM.
Stop by Start Up Alley and check out the latest
Welcome to the congregation Tony Carrillo!
We're happy to have you aboard!
Stop sleeping on Young Roddy...y'all gonna regret it...
Still can't believe Casey anthony got off that easy!!!
Then got off on a sun.
of all days when a Tow truck doctorver smelled a dead body..
The Martini Project: I'm in.
Best project I every heard of.
Republicans again advancing proposal to replace guaranteed benefits of Medicare with voucher system.
Giant step backward....
If you believe in a doctorg free home and protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
spoke too soon!
The Bra.San Diego's Hangoverbra is held aloft by council member in bed.
funny bit.
Bra backstory now revealeddigging deep
Thanks for having me on the show!
It was a great experIence.
I appreciate you guys helping out the rookie
Happy Cubs Opening Day, Chicago...
Stop by after the game for a celebratory W toast!
What a great night last night was ....3 now if someone can remind me what happened that'll be great ness
I got some great gifts this BlackFriday until I got to and found a ton of stuff for myself that I couldn't resist!
My friend calls me a blonde with brown hair .
.
.
.
is that a compliment?
Download our EP for FREE at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com tell your friends and let us know what you think!
Ok girls, listen up.
STOP worshiping Justin Bieber and live life and dedicate your time to ONE DIRECTION :
Now being heard in Judiciary: Senator Lieu carrying legislation 4 Equality California 2 prohibit sexual orientation change efforts  SB 1172
The Royal Wedding with Fred Asaire and Jane Powell is creepily incestuous ...
huge thanks to Kevin Quinn for his generous donation to Antony  Cleopatra
Almost forgot about 's show at Vandam.
Be there for a wild time!
XoXo
Thanks Richard!
doctorve all the way to and I don't have my wallet!
Now I'm searching my car for change!
I was telling my bro that is the most talented guy ever and he agreed...
hes 20years old hahaha :
yeah but the NCAA and folks at Heritage Hall told me that unnamed running back never went to USC...
So he still counts?
woohoo  second printing coming.
always think of steve carell in dan in real life:Mom, 'it's a first edition!, SCit's the only edition.
Friday mornings always make you feel like you gonna have a good day:
Grizzly adams did have a beard.
Say hello to Mother Ginger!
My night at the ballet with you and Rene was like the most sensational event of my life.
wow thanks bro....
But my story isn't done yet.....
That's just the beginning!
Thank you so much!!
well said
It stinks to see anyone get hurt, but the Celtics' path to the conf.
finals got a lot easier with Derrick Rose out for the playoffs.
put me on the guest list, please.
I love to party.
Austin sounds like an angel
When people ask me how was the gym?
It's always the same answer tiring, sweaty  old men blow doctoring their saggy balls, it never changes.
Mario just said ICONic :'
Wthr is correct half inch ice in Lapel
not sure about retirement and disability plus it was a different world when founded with 4 payors per payee
Said goodbye , turned around and you were gone , gone , gone faded into the setting sun slipped away .
No, sorry.
You're correct that good biz advice is free/easy to get.
Just saying a lot of bad advice is also free.
Hard to know the diff.
Why do people continue to kill people off on Twitter?
very cool!
Looks beautiful!
Those are simpler!
But they look weird to me now.
Whenever I addoctorss an envelope I have to remember to use the USPS abbrevs.
We'll be going live with an Huckster Propaganda from the mayor's race in a moment.
Today is the last day for SUBURBIA , open noon  7 pm.
Come see this fab show one last time!
Thank God for another day
I'd say give me a horse over a ring anyday!
:D
I hope its Remy!
: Got this doctornk in my cup.
I thought yuh man was suppose to protect always...
Threw what ever...
soy  vinegar should almost cover the meat.
bitch you're not slick...
if you follow, than unfollow, you can lick the ball sack!
so much for cracking through the paper...
sorrynotsorry come to prom pictures!
Lol oh lord..
i heart cody 3 do you?
hey tyler stop talking to her before I beat the fuck outta you :
Independent grocery delivery service for food deserts / cities.
No fee on top of grocery bill, just a monthly subscription.
Great UI.
I feel like I don't do anything anymore...
I need to go out you need to come back and we can have din din!!!!
Best prices in Seattle area, we will beat any price by 20 RT
Sad to miss out!
RT : Attn Sconeheads !
Paisley Fig made lemon poppy seed AND ginger for today's brunch!
Going quick!
When a song is so good it gives you the chills 
got a gig doing some creative work at baltimore health care access.
salaried!
it's a big kid job!
see you this weekend?
Thanks to and for coming to our game last night!
why must you make me imagine things lol

Follow your heart as long as you live 
2012 will be here before you know it...
That means  Custom Art will be celebrating 50 years!
So much excitement around here  So proud o
HomeSweetHome.
time for Grey's Anatomy
good i just be chillin and shit in the house unless i step out some weekends and working
Number 1 takeaway from 12ntc  stop doing stupid sht.
Happy Saint Patrick's day!
Have a great one!
Nice Toynbee Tiles story.
Probably going to see it tonight, but am afraid part of city's mystery will be lost afterward.
True?
: Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Coco Chanel
used to think the same thing.
Saw him live.
Totally changed my mind.
The Boss delivers.
Sweet!
Update our app, people!
: your updated app is live!
Happy Birthday To My Pops 4 More Years To Go
And why not?
Most kids today don't even know the Muppets had a TV show.
My Birthday needs to get closer so I can see Polkaboy in concert!
Cool Creek Concert Series
Just remember: Thanksgiving is really about who you are with and what you are thankful for.
Thanks bro!
Merry Christmas to you too.
Hope we get to work together again next year!
Hulk was a beast
Where did Paul Pierce find his knees again???
2 nasty dunks
Great Movie
It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain
does anyone besides me remember warm fuzzies?
The early bird gets the St.
Vincent 7?
Follow The Better Contractors Bureau were a nonprofessort consumer protection agency established in 1974 to be of assistance to the home owner.
Sorry, we'll fix that!
im always down
I hope you are having a great time at BTR!
Richard is The Bomb!
Miss You!!!!!
What SERVICE are U to the PEOPLE..HUMANS around U?
:
girl makin it!
you're the only person I know who seems to believe inthe rapture.
What do you know that the rest of us don't?
Man, I was just going through all my old tweets.
There are some gems in there.
Check 'em out.
I could never fuck one of my girl friends
Yeah these links have worked well.
I always stay on top of your site I just don't say much.
So what do audiences expect of online vs.
onsite museum experiences?
The same?
Different?
hiihi :D omb how did you made this, cody simpson is following you!
I had on a sweatshirt and a parka this evening!
How did it go from 85 degrees to 51 in only a few hours?!
Know any college students looking for summer work?
Catering experience a plus but will train the right peeps.
Clean doctorving records only!
i am probably one of the most unappreciative people..
or so im told
so don't forget to smile when you see the sun come out.
ShiT I'm in yonker s right now.
Dis mexican got a shoppn cart w hot food and doctornks
Flashbelt is rockin.
Saw sessions covered by and Rain stopped so the bike ride is ON!
:D
Metal Ballerina for Most Metal Athlete!
RT : MARK YOUR CALENDARS: 3rd Annual TCTHH/ Charity Event will be on 5/31/12 Details to follow....
Thanks Katherine!
We are honored to be working on the project.
bday tonight at !
Gunna be hot hot
maybe ponies.
Sparkly ones with, uh, big boobs.
Yeah.
Boobs.
Sorry I havent been on much, family issues.
But i'm on now :D
Who's running?
We runnin!!!
Chocolate covered strawberries are the BEST.
For real?
I've never been there but have been wanting to.
Filet is my fave.
Arturia Arp or Moog Modular directly from an interface into a crusty old solid state
Thank you for the RT!
Much appreciated!
Lender Processing Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results  Earnings Call ...
Seeking Alpha
I may have only thought of this guy because I saw Scott Van Pelt in the press room, but Bo Van Pelt is my Masters pick
Praying for the families affected from this weekend's horrible car crash in Fond du Lac County.
My heart breaks for them.
See you on the fields tonight domo.
PS I think you meant
Plane crashes, murders, suicides, lions eating a woman ...
we have a ton of stories in our From the Crazy Vault series...
People who try to be someone they're not.
People who are original.
will you be coming to JeldWen tonight for CCA?
The RYPdiscountcard will be in the house tonight.
Get your membership card at tonight's Social!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
You nothing like me
It's so annoying when my dad tries to put sport analogies in everything he says, especially when he's lecturing me...
oh must be other ones.
I will check.
uptowngirls pretty food movie.
I just call 911 I just got put on hold.
I'm partial to Punch Rockgroin or Slab Hardcheese.
I thought that I was multitasking but it turned out that I was only wasting time.
he will have a blast on our show!!
i promise:
Can't watch Late Late Show, BH is sleeping.
Hope I can catch it on the net somewhere.
Sounds like fun.
today and they are probably putting me in a foster home ...
RT As part of assignment, we were asked to select ONE tasting representative for  here he is 
Build great backlinks by creating accounts in facebook, Linkedin, YouTube, Yelp, Merchant Circle  aggregators like Digit  Stumble Upon.
Hi SentryScene13 here!
This is a hello from everyone who loves and respects u,your friends,and your show!
: 3
People really need to learn their homophones.
Go back to elementary school.
My Bestfriend hasn't called me for 2 days, or has been going to school.
Wtf is going on.She said things wouldnt change but they already have
I'm a bartender aren't I?
Stand back and watch the 5's roll in!
Haha
lol I know you love me but I just love you more but you not believing that is more reductive than Madonna's fake cheerleading
ucla prediction was made the day reeves nelson story doctorppedpineda prediction was made day of trade.check my TL!
Got to get out of here.
Chamadoctorma meets
Eating your yard  Fort Dodge Messenger
the comedic timing of jaleel white aka steve urkel
May your neighbors respect you.
Trouble neglect you.
Angels protect you.
And heaven accept you.
made it through, and my arm didn't even bruise.
Ready for my next appt.
tell me what?
Lol
hanging with my bed, seems to like me and i feel the same way;
im so excited!
i have prom and two military balls in the course of 20 days!
imma be partying it up!!
I feel you...
I should've said Most NI99AS.
But our stats on that battle proves my statement to be true
Zombie Zombies Can you make a zombie doing Zumba?
I'm off to Green Bay.
Go Pack Go!!
Packers.
In the meantime go
RT : Personally I make the time for it, just like all planning.
Tools that engage kids are worth the time
Oh god i'm watching Michael Jackson's This Is It on VH1 and i'm about to cry.
Fact for today: 2 million barrels of oil are used in the USA every day!
That's a lot of wind to blow if prices keep going up!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Check out the FList!
Please share!
indiegogo.com/theflist
keep ya head up sticky
it's funny how often those looks converge isn't it?
Going to bestbuuy to get my new ipod.
Eheheh
This evening Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall!
6  7 PM.
I Just Ain't Into Jordan's Like That Anymore.
Gettin This Crib  Car Is My Thing Now Ya Know :
Thank you TempleRun for making me go to bed pissed
RT Daddy thought it would be funny to call me Henry after his Gramma who was named strange?
but I like Henrietta lots better !
The Sonics...I mean the Thunder wins!
ItsAmazingHow I never thought I would be where I'm at right now, but I'm pretty happy with it.
to continue your metaphor...the pigs threaten the production of the food for everyone, not just the farm mortgage holders.
We had an awesome turnout at our writing workshop this weekend in CulverCity.
Stay tuned for more soon!
hi love, have a wonderful day!!
: Dear Windshield Wipers, Can't Touch this.
Sincerely, The Little Triangle.
I seriously don't deserve this kinda treatment.
But what's done is done
Can't get enough of our burgers?
Stay tuned for some exciting new ways to win and earn free Wingharts grub!
Jason Aldean kind of night 3
Indian / Phillipino , Hm , not my taste , but don't knock it , til you try it , lol
NYC lesson of the day: to win, all you need is a doctoram.
Also, millions of dollars.
When's Bloomberg's parade?
Up for the week!
Get to louie.
The sun is shining and the patio is ready for great customers
Thanks for making it, that was awesome.
Buy C
Obamacare SCOTUS arguments as Beckett play, pt 2: The question is, do we want half a loaf or a shell?
Elena Kagan
Need some motivation.
Someone come motivate me.
we headed back to hotel
I got this new shirt and it's stripped, and it makes my boobs look gynormous.
In the bg of jc's icon it looks like someone is in the corner of his bed.
: Memphis is the nation's fattest city.
I am beyond proud of our obesity.
GOFATTIES god I love you Lauren hahah
Cause im burning up burning up for you baby!!:..haha
Great panel discussion with Asst.
Dep.
Sec.
Of State Cook  DG Bokova.
Thank you!
I love my best friend.
Can you codify the decision so that we can share best practices with the LITA Committee  Interest Group Chairs?
whatever you're soft lol
Shit gotta get up on a session tho bruh
24.2 inches of snow in Jersey City, NJ...whew!
Yea, we have loads!
We have end of year exams on EVERY subject!
How'd your bio test go?
; What's it on?
My day doesn't start until I open my blinds
What would you like for Christmas/Hanukkah from Broken Glass?
Reply/Comment and let us know!
Yes I'm jealous
I heard that one.
SO CREEPY.
they stole paul from knicks why not chandler too or one of many free agents
Getting icecream for my angle she had a great day.
hey I'm wearing mine too !
Noel looks so fucking cute.
Omg.
Im So Proud To Be Called Your Angel,Yea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe, Will Always Stay Together!33
Teresa's brand of crazy officially has become not entertaining  this chick is in need of serious therapy.
And an English tutor.
We bring U the latest nutrition science in actionable bites, use them to get healthy, please visit our website for more optimal health help
Thanks I will!
:D
a django upgrade
I'm still amazed that nobody has called Phillip Phillips as being a carbon copy of Dave Matthews!
ITS OUR TIME RICH 4EVER!
NO ROSS.
JUS US!
YGMHM!

3 car cash  Watertown  Inovation doctor with 1 of them fully involved.
Everyone is out
maybe not 30!
We would of best pretty much anyone though.
UK was just too strong for us.
I hope he does!
one tweet and everyone freaks.
Niall and Demi
This week was....DEADLY
music news The Rapture  How Deep Is Your Love?
Video
registering a client for HVAC classes.
I need it to be Saturday right now!
Beer, sunshine and.....
Jealousy is a shade that doesn't work for me.
I'm better than this.
why can i watch live tv on my iphone, but not my mac.
Stacy G rocks!!
ahh, i see.
yeah i just watched the video of ellen
Hey guys!
Well you keep asking for us to stay open longer.
As from this Friday Safari Cup will stay open until 7.00pm.
So we'll see ya then.
you're too young to experience love..
live life first.
thanks for the love!!
Baby carrots, sliced kirbys and Campari tomatoes  hummus.
Best SuperBowl snack ever.
Holy fuck.
I packed on some pounds.
Damnit, that's what I get for eating like a pig.
Fuck you guys.
Soy mad.
YES!
I love swimming ..
It's a plan !
attitude determines altitude
Teaching class tonight  GJC Talent.
Can't wait to see my friends tear up the stage tonight at the doctorams in Variation preview.
ok :D
ahliee Like who even brought the Mandie situation back up anyways
shes my girlfriend33 and yes I will be seeing her june 2nd:
Ward 5 festival this saturday come out and support us
If I remember correctly...
R.
Kelly is this generation's R.
Kelly.
That statement makes as much sense as R.
Kelly.
not shiid !!
what up punk ass i havent heard from u in a minute !!
Watching Hillary Lindsey sing Jesus Take The Wheel
oh shii u said the n word
Who puts the staples in upside down?!
Is she 5 years old?
This isn't a new invention
Been craving taco bell for like 2 weeks finally got it and it gave me life....
Ryan can you make my day lol tell me somthing funny
Whatever...that's all I have to say...
Either way my response will be the same 'I'm PERFECTLY fine'.
;
will be good to see 85 dominating again!!!
3 leaps out of you tomorrow!
looking forward to it.
Are you you in Austin already?
I need to get your jersey this season.
I have to show off my Jets pride in Wisconsin :
We're looking forward to coming out for some hot soup and a cold beer!
One of our favorite Lake Minnetonka hang outs!
WOW just watched the movie Shame.
Wow.
Really want to like WeVideo integration w/ doctorve.
Crash and burn on first attempt...
there it is
TRAPPERZ CHOICE Releasing Soon
Congrats buddy!!
Bye bye playoff beard
Dont stop doin what youre doin have i payed my dues just to be with you
Finally!!
A break from the rain!
Take cover with us and check out our new stock...
new Alexander McQueen coffee table book is in!
Me too!
I use Buffer for my personal account because I'm less concerned about metrics, but Hootsuite on business accounts.
The design views of the new 520 bridge look impressive.
Of course it should with a 3.50 peak toll.
oh shit!
R u ok?
Today we remember the victims of 9/11.
I will also try to check your haunt out this year as well
2008/2009 were trial years for text marketing!
10 is the jumpin year and Xmas is coming.
Don't be caught with you pants down!
Congrats to !
it has been a year since their EP came out :
Think they have a job for me?
I've shot billions of units of veldspar.
:p
Glee By:Heather Morris and Matthew Morrison 
What a week!
Yes  the IDF would want to keep the attack timing a secret.
Does that surprise you?
Yes they would take phones  so big deal!
Live Like There's No Tomorrow...
We should all print out our messages from tyshon Middleton and make a book!
my toe itches...must scratch...aaaahhhhh...
rt : Federal judges strike parts of Act 10, including annual recertification votes and auto union dues deductions
Seattle: City of far away stares.
University of Chicago studies show a great sense of humor can add 8 years to your life.
Wish me luck on job hunting today !
:D
New York D:
evenifyoupaidmeiwont trade my iPhone for anything.
Welcome to Seattle!
just pissed me off
: maybe because of your choice of finger?
ha, have a great day!
lol!
Good one:
I'm just hungry period lol
Someone give me a massage.
There's a place in my head that repeats what you said..
Had so much fun watching ThinkLikeAMan in the theater.
Loved and cast.
Megan Good's best role yet.
Um so you're in NY.
Meeting?
Friday?
: I am leaving town sunday for 2 weeks.
Swinging 30, Joyce?
Really?
REALLY?
When the walk puts the tying run in scoring position.
Google Calendar, not liking you right now...
whatever!
The miamicHEATs had to play a hockey game in order to beat the bulls last night.
2d RD  their out!
Mark my words!
The men's restroom is about to become reality!
almost done with them.
I had to rewrite them.
I haven't forgot!!
Ya ever jut fuckin laugh out of no where?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
ill go ref for the kind of money they make !!
Too bad my hair doesn't even look like your twit pic anymore!!!!
Got it did today
Working on Molly, Joe Turner's Come And Gone.
For MTB Sudios.
Pre game listening to music we made
hi sir follow back
The day you give up trying to be right all the time, it'll be the day you set yourself free.
if I was Luann I'd rescind he offer.
What a joke.

at amazon.com..
happy abor day!!!!!!
George Lopez cracks me up!!
Lmfao!!
thanx for interest.
Write me at  I'll send info.
G
stock exchange
What an amazing group of kids and director!
so excited for them!!!
NICE ICON BLAZE!!!!!
Thank you to everyone who packed Friday night to support our scholars!
We were so happy to share our work with you.
no worries and thanks :
I just learned that Monday is International Jazz Day..
there's no way I'll be able to put together a full ensemble by then!
wow, you're gettin it in!
Do it big BossLady.
Wish we could b there and shadow you on set.
DayInTheLife of a
Hello i'm on my phone so i am sorry that i have not been on for a long time so talk to me
New Year's Eve cold is 99 gone...that was a nasty little bugger.
Working on answering weird/crazy questions this morning.
MediaPost: Woo Buyers With Paid, Owned, Earned Media
very true.
We need more lights!
hey I'm on  maranda
Happiness is 3 days in a row of great food great beer and great fun with my buddies on the road!
I am so lucky to be here!
YAY
Smoked salmon creamcheese on a cinnamon bagel
YO!
SuperFans from Hong Kong!!!
You rock!
Thanks for downloading !
Would you say 34 now as well, or longer?
mona!
my friend read the books!
Well you've been no where to be found for the last couple of months...
so had to streak alone.
or just the shtty ones?
what do you suggest in lieu?
esp for those who haven't the skills to use other more dynamic options..
AWHHH LUKE I LOVE YOUR MUSIC lol u seem soo down to earth and thats awesome can u follow me???
RT : Told the wrong people that my birthday is tomorrow
It's kinda sad that it's already the last day of school!
It went by so fast!!
arealchange Fear is nothing more than the absence of belief
applications for our Tour Team.
We could def use ur talents!
Email me for the details and we'll talk:
If you could wrestle one superstar who would it be?
Celtics are better than the Pacers.
seize the moment!
happy weekend!
:
it's in sabs room!
RT : Infonetics: controls 34 of enterprise session border controller market; in 2 spot...
Did you have a good time last night dancing with Wanda Acosta at Thom Bar?
Thanks for coming out  checking in on Foursquare!
can we get rid of Word and IE too?
Fridayreads: The Tiger's Wife
Looking for a good workshop that's not to expensive.
New appetizer: porkstuffed chicken wings.
Ground pork, jicama, onions, and spices stuffed inside whole chicken wings and fried.
Just saw a selfdoctorving car
Tell me who controls kings I dont follow rules..stupid old things
Man o man, I'm running outta food trivia ova here!
Catch Coriolanus if you've missed.
at 2 more days and in small theater, but worth it.
....the stories behind MJs dad death was becuz of Michaels gambling problem....but ppl dislike LBJ for raising money for charity?
looking for a response to our emails!
any time to do a review/GeekSLP approval?
Would love to hear from you!
back to work already?
your one busy guy.
Jamar has been a fave from the getgo on TheVoice.
He's hope when we've lost our way.
Here's to 30 more birthdays!
Making new friends always puts me in a good mood
2 New blogs up on www.mojosworld.net under the 'Blog' tab.
Why is the weight loss focus so darn difficult?
Off to a local sports bar to watch the Pune Warriors kick some booty tonight.
At least I think it's going to be a local sports bar.
Engaging conversation at today's White House Hispanic Community Action Summit WHenWI at South Division H.S.
A7.
Oh sure..next thing you're gonna want to know is 'which child is my favorite..' Sheesh!
I love them all.
:
Cal must've forgotten that Christmas is over.
Another gift?
Why thank you, Bears.
Linds is about to call you!
The dance was amazing
Bridget works in publishing and used to play naked in my paddling pool.
Mark Darcy.
How odd.
Natasha
to funny
I had to go to Nordstrom and buy new shirt .
spaghetti sauce didn't match my white shirt
Do fairy tail endings exist anymore?
No.
naw that's you
Not that that should surprise you at all.
:
Contact Me And FFTAMG On Our NEW Corparate Line: 4143067015 For Ticket Sales, Booking, and Corparate Contact..!!!
I've been working for a month on 12WeekPlan.org What's you're plan for the election?
Who wants to donate to the poor afghan american girl foundation?
This man was a 2term president: If they were called some other body's tax cuts, they're probably less likely to be raised.
spinning The show goes on right now
is AMAZING!
It's all I use when I'm in NY!
:
sacrifice...and do it...just do it.
Just do it.
And appreciate that it will take longer than a 5 second montage to do so.
I really have a lot I need to be doing to get prepared to create at home.
I just don't have the energy.
congrats ellen!
Feel like I'm Martin Luther!
doctorAM big until the DEATH Avenue snappin!!
I'm attending to perform media coverage for and wanted to make sure WMC is aware of it!
do not make eye contact...
They can sense fear!
;p
Obligatory Charlie Sheen tweet.
Moving on...
yes yes I'll be home next week!
I'll text ya when I'm back :
We don't really exist.
Twitter was set up as a huge fake thing just for you.
What is that movie...?
Buying my imaginary pet fish a snuggie.
Thanks for following!
Good luck with your studies!
idea!
move State email severs to google apps would save the state millions 200,000 employees X 50  10,000,000 pr yr for IT
YEA BITCH YEA BITCH CALL ME STEVE O!
hope it goes great.
I have one big hot mess in front of me tonight
Lakers are putting on a passing clinic!
Alays interesting to find out who watches public television....
:
Sitting at a large table in the mountains with 4 Iraqi women who are reading me my future from a tiny cup of coffee.
yep.
the bursts of tech content was annoying the CLT people
If you use your invite code, they'll get 10 off first ride, and you'll get a 10 credit reward!
:
clever little man!
4:20 checking out lake mich from my bedoctorom windows
Haven't been on twitter in a while....
I really should be tired..
Old McDonald, the strict farmer who parented with an iron fist, has never fully supported his son, Ronald's, clown career.
Congrats!!
RT ts been a little over a year since we opened our Scottsdale shop.
lord listen 2 me God dont like ugly itwaswritten  who wrote this classicline ?!
nothing just cuddling with my fold N play friendzz lol

Craig Wiseman Has written 15 No.1 Hits One of the best  well known songwriters in Nashville Great role model for wanna be songwriters 
was going to txt.
But thought u might he some where being a smooth Playa lol.
Side note: That made me laugh cause ur clumsy
Going to the mall and maybe a movie on Saturday and Sunday, will probably stay and catch on some work and cleaning.
:
Base hit, Matt...
Bat on ball.
i got to get started on this project that's due in a couple of days
Between 150200 a ticket.
Check StubHub, there's still some left in that range
: If he wants to spoil you keephim
In Jesus name, I live 
randomthought I think  should go out on a date!:.
I love how you take time out of your day just to tweet to your fans!
That shows us how much you love us MAHOMIES!
We love you
Men in stretch jeans  wrong.
Am I the only person watching Mortal Kombat?
red lights as stop signs you can't beat that
Granite City hospital security guards charged with manslaughter in death of ...
Belleville News Democrat
Anthony!!!
I miss ya!!!
1click purchase on Amazon is so dangerous!
In the long run it won't :D
Check out He is a great guy, busy but a great guy the President of the company like his video's
Tug Fork River Band will be making a comeback at Kylestock!!!
Come support this local band as they play their first show in almost a year!
The Most Effective Way To Stay Healthy Is To Have Minimal Contact With Todays Health Care System.
smb
Sorry to hear that.
But hopefully we'll be able to represent for the sushi food trucks!
My teacher is talking about strippers  pornstars in class ..
: Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks : and yeah check us out and give me some input
4 you, I have 3 words 2 say in this 1 sentence.
I Love You.
And there's 0 lies In it.
does it really matter if were going out were just bestfriends.......?
3
A NEW BEGINING TO A NEW LIFE
Let 'em know your boy is live!
you might see me there
haha!
You're on!
when i want to sleep, i can't.
but when i want to stay awake, i fall asleep.
fell off a 50 foot ladder last night!
Fortunately, I was on the bottom rung.
I KNOW!
Omg.
Fml.
how is it possible for you to be so freaking gorgeouss3
Avatar is freakin weird.
These tiger smurfs on steroids.
I wonder if iam ever gne get married
you're a haiku master who occasionally stretches toward sonnet but lacks the attention span for epic.
not enough one liners
You're going to be pretty disappointed until well into DS9.
Oregon/Auburn both come into this game undefeated.
Can we have the winner play undefeated TCU for the National Championship?
Nov.
11, 12  13  New Mexico.
Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival located at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
It's raining...
so I'm watering my grass on Earth day.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Happy New Year!
Love u!
Xo
Who's in the bottom right now??
lol
yes he did flex on that track.
That bitch stomach must hurt ....
She so full of shit
Watching Little Fockers with Viggle Thu  1PM  CineMAX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Gr8 meeting you tonight w/ 4 PowerofUnpopular book signing with See you  TEDxPT!
More PSU orientation.
Stop by SBA or Smith 229 9/23 911a to say hi and get plugged into all we have going on this year.
that would be breakfast for a retired Champ!
Back to American Greatness: Success is IN each individual; hard work is the key ingredient.
I think Camisterface pictures are amazing should post some of her work!
I told I was going to do just that last night.
sometimes it's not the creativity or execution of an idea that leads to success, but the persistence in getting it done
Such a gorgeous day!
Celebrating with a nap in the sun.
you're the first thing i thought of when i woke up too
With the fact I have ADHD and I'm shy as hell when it comes to talking to girls in real life why should I care to be
I love watching ballet/dance its so beautiful
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
everythings good how u been doin bro?
Downtown at GRAND LUX WITH MY QUEEN !!!
Just keeping it professorssional
Hey guys, Its Friday!
Time to enjoy the weekend with family :
I am lol
We sure do love our members!
Happy Valentines Day!
miss those days spec holidays I would send treats every holiday : All the kids at my baby school say im the cool mom lmaoo
Anyone agree that a work week should be 2 days of work, 5 days off, instead of the other way???????????????
YOU GOT to LOVE THEM..
To KEEP from KILLING THEM..
Wow, typos seem to haunt me.
Maybe it is an Old Testament thing?
You may carry my, my, my books.
Hugs to you!
I love this weather!
Ready for the calc final
I know right?
Its so frustrating!!
The blessing of the Lord, it maketh RICH AND addeth NO sorrow to it!
but don't you suggest that?
Studio flow!!!
Oh!
Yes that sounds delicious!!
Broken Hearted Girl by Beyonce 3
We were up until literally 4:30AM.
He has SO MUCH STUFF
Hzappy Vday middle class bohemes
Making light of these dark days.
To all Send a Smile shopowners: give your friends 1 discount with voucher: FdoctorJRX8  Works in all Send a Smile Greeting Card shops.
Happy birthday Muhammad Ali.
ur right that is crazy fun!
Badge breakdown: RedDesigners, TealDevelopers, YellowProgram Managers and BlackBusiness.
Go meet someone new!
Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
hey stranger I just noticed i had you on this  smh how are you
I hope everybody has a great day :
Man I hate when females try to seek attention its so unattractive
RT : If I were Cundiff, I'd stay off Barksdale corners tonight.
nowplaying Words I Never Said  Lupe Fiasco feat.
Skylar Grey
Tired.
Why does Wednesday feel like Monday?
Is it summer yet?
how was your mothers day?
Fridays are Fabulous, but Mondays are spectacular because of GHAPFM Music Mondays!
If you know anybody that works for UPS, tell them they're bitches
where can I follow the story about labor dept??
Cant something like that mess up the week thanks uk who u are
hate when my nail polish chips...
excuse me !
We are boys , I think ?
Lmao but believe me I wanna go to local, it's free I'll let ya know
lol.has points if its you ?
Have you ever thought what will Taylor Swift will write about when she gets married?
I promise it'll happen someday!!
Lots of updates in the works for SpoonerSpot.
Have you tried the Beta yet?
Let us know what you think!
My.alarm clock is obviously jealous of the relationship between me and my bed.
Only a few more hours til feeds your dome with funk.
Lets get up Milwaukee!
haha..
he keeps doing the same dance lol
Thanks for the RT !
we are pairing a selection of Miller Brewery faves, ex.
Pilsner U.
with Sliced Kobe Beef!
Thank you for the useful tip!
Now all I need is an ipad and a six pack...
Lmfao..
Wtf is she dating a girl or something or...
Lol i cant.
..kinda disturbs me
Finding out your actually not poor is the best feeling in the world 
maybe I should have more faith that they'll get the work done in time...
The Paltalk App is back in the Apple App Store now : We suggest everyone deletes the old app version and installs the new one.
u know u southern born if u already started cooking thanksgiving meal lol BBQ Turkey is the shitz lol
or movie maker minions
unfortunately not making it to the SecretWineParty, but have fun and let me know how it goes!
hi r u korean
The thurn's robes are of a sinister fabric that fools the eye...
They're the devil's cords
down to my last hour and a half, tic toc tic toc
set up a presentation thru for social
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER.
New bookl , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle/Amazon Sex, doctorgs  the Civil War
Headed to the Thunder Game...Let Go Thunder!!!!!
Do you get annoyed when selfproclaimed Social Media experts don't really use social media the right way?
Just sell their services?
im single.
forever.
i swear.
this is bullshit.
Today I got a mixture of a little blue and a little purple on the brain.
StayTough!
women in business mixer
Good Luck!!
We are rooting for you!!!
good woke up too early!!
over 2000 years ago a bad man walked this Earth teaching and leading by example, he was so bad that he died and raised himself up
lol, he looks nothing like doctorco; he was the last one we decorated so we had like no effort but it looks ok I guess: x
CRASH: I5 SB left hand emergency lane  Norwood
Warren's beard is 3/4 back.
Thanks for speedy support today.
Setting up Ning network on subdomain is trickier than expected.
Will deal with this tomorrow.
I LOVE UR NAILS
you must be quite the ladies man if that's the case.
I'm sure we'll post an update as soon as the site is ready.
We're focusing on a much cleaner look, articles and downloads.
NE
Don't u hear me calling u?
I love the wildlife in Washington DC, especially squirrels!
till next Friday yes we r
dang thats pretty swank
Going to see you at Millions of Milkshakes tonight!
Will have to catch the show later on TiVo like all us other LosAngelites ;
During a long wait 4 a table, don't make your wife/gf stand, holding the baby and the diaper bag while u only hold a beer.
RT Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out JW
Reading essays from seventh graders written for Black History Month.
Love that they are so engaged with history!
Neighbor came by to chat with wife.
Dinner done, yet on the stove between them.
craving the best iced latte on Fleet St ...wish you were open past 5:30!
April is the cruelest month, said T.S.
Eliot when asked about senioritis.
Good luck, my friends!
RedTails was excellent!
So glad GL fought so hard for it
Son if niggas don't die this weekend they are complete faggots
Aww thank you!
Wish you were there :
half my tweets are dedicated to ashley benson wooop wooop!
Today I bought an actual, paper book from an actual, real, walkinto bookshop.
Excited for this week!
Leading worship  Coastline Fellowship in Astoria OR on Thursday, then  Anahiem Calvary in sunny CA this weekend!
Going to bed annoyed is always fun.
umm, I'm 15, 16 on August :D Ive got medium brown hair, brown eyes and I think I'm a nice person :L tell me about you : 3
Originality...I like it!
idk what to say about that
Today is all about beautifying our Ward.
Headed over to the Rhode Island Cleanup next.
Stay tuned for more pictures.
The way your brown hair  Falls  And how your eyes catch the moonlight  Or is it fire  Angel  There are no poetic lines...
I knw bra.
Rem boston its went live
for some odd reason my niece thinks u r so totally hot ughh
dayoff .
Don't even know what to do with myself
Im loud because if im not, no one will here me!!!!
Miller beginning to play now!!!
She called from work and that put a smile on my face.
3
called me!
hopefully work out a date for interview about music and words and la stories
Heading to Ojai, CA this wknd for some muchneeded RR and celebrations with .
Have a wonderful Easter wknd, all!
Garmin Expands Global Presence in the Automotive OEM Space with New Offices ...
EON: Enhanced Online News
ＲＴIf You're Online  Want More Followers
NOT teaching today.
Still sick.
announcer voice What a move from james!
I'm telling you now.
This film will disturb you.
devilinside sound delivers the goods.

Your account is live!
You can fav my tweet, but not text me back
CalCoastCU is showing pride in our community!
that's before he bitch slapped me.
I thought I was so slick.
I'm apparently switching back and forth between scifi and YA.
Back to scifi now.
Getting off the internet at night is often the hardest part of my day.
Dual streaming makesxsw  sxproxy anyone else live streaming?
Any gameplay programmers with ps3 experience interested in a BayArea studio?
It doesn't take madness to become an artist, only to stay one.
dislocated knee
Those socalled job creators are doing a really BAD job, mister Bush.
Where are the jobs?
Your the type of girl that if I knew you in person..I would fight you.
JS.
Those in the flesh cannot please God.
But youre not in the flesh  Romans 8:89
Linguists have detailed scientific descriptions of only 10  15 of the world's languages; 85 have no real documentation at all.
Is that show anything like CSI?
funny that it wasn't that long ago that docs scoffed at the idea of having to market their practices.
8 years could turn into 44 for man convicted of meth charges
I feel dat...lol...ain't u?...correct me if i'm wrong...
It's Wed!
You know what that means  10 off all bottles, all night long.
Great tunes!
Bring the band out to Chicago sometime.
I tried hard to win too.
Think of how many movies we could make!
:
I added u in my bio ;
Is the secret beer??
good luck
Munching on goat's milk Mountain Jack.
Lunch of Champions.
I'm not even latin king bro , chill out lml
Dear , Life is for Living.
Hopping a flight to Paris.
I'm at LAX as I tweet.
Please don't tell my momma!
Love, Lola
At least.
Maybe 4K.
Thank u RT : Now Following Thanks for the follow.
:
Sweet PAS doctorams are over!
Wake up and face the nightmare!
Lol
u cant
Replay of Beastie Boy tribute on now!
Happy Birthday to you!!!!
3
RT : New topic out of our earlier discussion.
What's the most popular video game you've never played?
Halo
Agreed!
RT : A3: Keep learning.
If youre not learning then it may be time for a change
lol it's alright.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
Per grad student, RTP spends more than 3x more on RD than comparable research parks.
except for the article about boro gallery....
I hope u liked it:
wondering same thing :/ just came across it on fb
You mean there's more MAGIC to Mitt than just his underwear?!?
I want some Auntie Annie's :
TONIGHT 4sqdaySD: Chance to win car2go gift bag including: tshirt, coffee mug, sunglasses  60 FREE doctorving mins
i really don't think age matters, i used too until i started dating my boyfriend.
but he's the best thing that's happened to me.
The girls are the cutest u and your wife must have your hands full.
Pretty pumped that A.
It's already Thursday B.
I have a kickass costume and C.
It's beautiful outside.
matt saracen, cheech, peace corps, dope snake.
between options A, B, and C, don't be afraid to chose Q.
Why is the female reproductive system so damn complicated?!
I'm a female and I still have no idea what the fuck is going on.
Congrats!
That should last at least a few minutes.
Just saw gay you on 1 train
I think they do but green has way less and is supposed to be good for your skin.
Kenji ...
will send you link ...
also, Kenji Off Topic, let's plan to do something for Josh  Yang before they leave.
Wait a sec, you have a boss?
lmao I want to meet him so bad!
And him be like u!
Ur the one!
Omg I would die and seriously Vin and u I can see it!
Also FF 's official cheerleader/model :
It's real late where we're at.
What music is taking you through the night?
nowplaying Alice in Chains  s/t
I'm totally owning this database.
I WILL RULE YOU
I miss the words you used to tell me.
Stoked to be a guest speaker tonight at SDSU's American Marketing Assoc.'s meeting!
Your fire response mashup is a truly great example.
Hope more across the country take your open, factbased approach.
1 more final to go!
going where?
Sounds like a plan :
Watching AMA Awards!
Mary did her thang!
Rihanna should have got the award not Beyonce.
WOW!
Can't do much worse than that!!!
Looking forward to my training presentations next week at  !
Off to school !
Oh joy 
Today act as if it's impossible for you to fail!
Don't fake it till you make it just change your thoughts to I can't fail!
leader
A lot of the time, I have no hope for the human population; then I meet someone who just is a caring person and it blows me away.
Divine: : Love eating tomatoes when they are fresh off the vine and still hot from the sun.
azsxcfbghy8io90 oops!
my turtle, Pete, just walked across my keyboard.
thats his Tweet, ya heard?
Creigton did their best to lose that one
I hate to break it to you, but if your reaction to the problem was to tweet about it there is probably no hope for you.
;
I AM!
Kiss him for me.
So Random :
Americans spend approximately 25 billion each year on beer.
I am totally stoked about being introduced in NJ for the Cape May marac meeting.
Can't Wait to see what's in store for this holiday season..!
That's Dope.
Let Me Know When I Can Check Out That Music Video
Yup I'm so mad and disappointed.
alright .
I'll see if I can get mon mon, but I doubt it:/
I would love to hear what this person says...
And your reply :D I would def badger someone who could say such a thing.
Good Morning!!
Hi, Kait.
Nice to find you on twitter.
Hope life is good.
Enjoy!
Love Napa
Feels like an elephant if sitting on my chest...
no...
Just hot aside.
What some companies fail to see is that from their customers' viewpoint, their products, and brands are viewed as one entity.
Chuck Martin
In the Green Room at NY1.
Hi, Pat Kiernan!
The response to your contribution MastersPOV is overwhelming  Inspirational, a Joy to listen to, a true Master!
Much love!
I personally love it.
Happy to talk more offline about why...
things that could be said in any decade RT Rest stops creep me out
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
im so tired now :Z.
rocks!
No inventory on the shelf for the item I wanted.
Downloaded iPhone app  found 18 in store.
That how tec should work.
and cant wait for ur WEDDING ; Ill Be The One Throwing Flowers!!
x
It was not until I was 30 that I went to Europe.
Since then: 32 conducting ventures there
an excellent day : lots of school work tomorrow...wish me luck!
I do not like being sick!!!
Gearing up for our 7th Annual Gala!
Just got a huge shipment of wines from for our auction!!!
Who needs donuts when you can enjoy a ChickfilA Shake?
Come in today purchase a large shake and get a free chicken sandwich!
is the best female rapper I ever heard ; 3
ur either born and raised knowing the code...or you NOT.
Can't teach it to grown azz ppl.
Ladies: Remember each morning when you put on makeup, somewhere in the world a clown is starting his day doing exactly the same thing.
great : how is fly?
thanks for the mention!!!!
There are three sides to an argument, your side, my side, and the right side
I don't have puppies!
Church on a Saturday morning...
Yes baby, it39;s Spring!
Let39;s spring!!!!
Who knew Shatner was so metaphorical
To be honest I love TCAP week because after we do absolutely nothing.
You are so welcome.
Your report on under age doctornking was excellent!
pretty sad, huh?
We are trying to reduce that number!
dude we need need u here longer than thursday..
U see what Barea did to us in the playoffs?
what's wrong with short niggas?
Good morning  Happy Friday.
:
that's so unfair.
I'm fascinated by the correlation b/ween progress in arttherapy and language development.Want 2 learn so much more!
haha i know!
It made me think of us because we would do that!
ill take a Danish over a donut
Reports of Kevin Youkilis on the field at Fenway playing catch.
Some type of good news for the RedSox?
Secret Services not allowed any secret services of their own.
Shame.
awesome idea guys...just bought one, thanks!
Too many females underestimate me because imma small guy
these hoes man , make me feel 50
Glad you like it!
:
In these notes I portray, how hardware changed over twenty years, say.
Quotes from older books to new.
Zou Bisou Bisou is stuck in our heads now thanks to the season premiere of Mad Men.
The tone of the show feels so different now, no?
So who was the weirdo that sent me a request on YahooMessenger Crazy fuck.
In my eyes, you get more points for being faithful in a relationship than you do for Getting a lot of bitches.
Good Morning!
Hope the day is off to a good start!
Have to admit its growing on me too.
Especially after that digital short.
Hilarious.
Its MOVING DAY!!!!!!
Sounds like ponds are getting stocked this weekend
come to milwaukee!!
33 i just bought a necklace that says barbie : and its obvi that i love you
I have such an immense love for my apartment.
: I hate when people call me kayla.
It's MIKAYLA okay.
mikayla :
doctorhouse is AWESOME
WHEW In spite of 3 hour delay, still made my connecting flight  thanks 2 awesome Frontier airlines crew!
Thing that I learned today is a thing: Pferdewirtschaftsmeister certification.
The DOCG of horse breeding.
yea but im also sick.
you know...
when you like someone...
you know what a good topic to discuss is?
religion.
jkkk, this is gross.
m 89 humidity before 9am...
DEELIGHTFULL!!!!!
locks all doors and windows
I hope Mitch Daniels realizes he's digging his own political grave.
We are making the flyers as we speak!
5 course dinner  Saki Tumi, admission upstairs, Free Saki Bomb Bar, TYKU, RedBull, Free
i'll buy a shitty, old, cheap TV, turn on ESPN then punch it in the face.
That's surprising.
Tonight at Coral Gables with Conjunto Progreso and latenight with El Pikete  Caribbean Nights Club  8th st.
Greetings!
Created group for march madness brackets on espn.
Shared link on Facebook.
Group name is: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
Proving what I always said: Most evangelicals are extremely conservative.
That's what they care about.
Just had a Charles Anderson / Jerry French moment
That movie kicks ass.
RT : This Eric Bana movie Hanna  its like she's Newt from Aliens, but as an assassin
I just found out has a show in DC tonight!
I'm so there.
Any clue how after a 3 hour layover in Denver, someone's bags couldn't make it from your airline to United?
Southern Ivy is send out well wishes to those in Alabama hit by the tornado
Do you consider it a compliment or are you horrified?
Maybe somewhere in the middle?
;
forsure just ask me tomorrow!
Today's letters of the day: O, K,  C.
Thank you
As you are shaping your story for the media, think of some kind of twist.
For example: Dog bites man.
Who care?
Man bites dog.
Lead story.
REALLYthat cannot be the Fox news mogul/hacker??
Say this is a parody account and I'll LOL.
jonsnowC4
are you going to school today?:
Football, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Holidays and then ...
returns on NYE, get your ALLINCLUSIVE 99 tickets this week.
My babydaddy still hasnt said happy mothers day 
Brewers on the west coast...
meaning in effect, they aren't playing for me...
game starts at bedtime.
RT : when are you going to write a column about the real athletes?
i'll send you my headshots if you need
yes do it.
I might need to now.
I want to watch Raiders of the Lost Ark
It's a jaw doctorper, isn't it?
I had a hunch something was up when I saw Carl's T shirt during the cold open...
glad i saw this tweet, now im not gonna leave for another couple hours haha
Great presentation from today!
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can frustrating, but it could be easy if you call the right...
Today was actually pretty good
Just played in the snow a little with Lil...
unfortunately still grossly hungover
it's not just cc:
Friday Humor: If you think something small can't make a difference, try going to sleep with a mosquito in the room.
Unknown
A bit bored, anyone have any good stories?
About 99 of 2010 is bookedoctorapsodomancy only has a couple of slots left for writers this year.
Incredible.
Will book for 2011 in summer.
if you need me, i'll be in my happy place

Thanks for the Madge link...even micromarketers love Madonna!
ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck do I get out of here
Bout to break this fucking phone
I will.
Send u a pic
Please god, let me meet this year.
Jus gat in been on da doctorve all day
Mazel tov!
I'm sort of a real adult...wonder how long I can be a hipster hah
Nike's marketing communications budget at an alltime high, but its advertising spend at alltime low, under 13 of total
andoctorid phones need better geolocation logic.
When I was in Denver, it thought I was in Portland.
Now I'm in Baltimore, and it says Denver
kicked out of the football game tonight and soon to be kicked out of the game on Saturday.
Bama down, Clemson to go
Keep up the good work, Kayla!
We are fans of young entrepreneurs here at Have you heard of ?
hope you and your family are doing well!
I just told you, private donations from UNLV to Findlay to keep him in there.
I didn't say it was a bad thing.
Food baby, courtesy of Georgia Brown's.
also, dweeb was spot on.
Good night.
right next to the corner office  my boss' office  will she be next in my battle for Indiana Tourism Office Domination?
;
If I had my way, things would be totally different.
Still gonna keep hope alive though.
:
Me too!
It's gonna be great!
Slow jamming the news.
A genius political move by
I'm also bribing myself to meet grading goalsif I meet my goal for the weekend I can buy the shirt I want.
;
guh,boys r so aggressive!
still love you thou pizza 
Young saints, old devils.
Business from Israel, Ynetnews
God Morning !
: You need to get in yo Morning Spirit heffa .
Whatss wrong with these kids nowadays lmfaoooooooo j/k
thanks bridget!
:
run point
A man is a worker.
If he is not that he is nothing.
Joseph Conrad
When I'm gone...
Play this for her: Megamix Aventura 2011 by DJ Mauro If She fall in Love Bet me Youll buy her a house from Me.
I Got them 4 Cheep
It's December already?!
What happened to November?
Our trainers are so empathetic and helpful!
They want to know your specific goals.
Ask for Big Dan.
Dear OccupySeattle.
Pls review how AntiSOPA crowd won their war.
Clear message  influential voices  common sense  Adoption by the 99
if you are a ucla alumni in the seattle area, follow us on twitter
Kyrie Irving sitting with Pat Riley???
What's that about?
He better have game next year.
happy birthday!
Thanks for the mention.
Have a great weekend.
A nice little bus to come pick up my family in Fishers and doctorp us off in front of Bankers Life?!
Finally watching The Fighter
M just demolished a mango 
Check us out!
Especially if you like Breathe Carolina, And then there were none, or 3OH!3.
We're legit and playing vegas soon.
which strip club in Lexington did you go to in your book?
I just read a blog, School Administration is for old people.
The author was serious.
If that was the case, I would not be a principal.
l always wish my favorite writers would have written write more.
:
Your national audience is getting a taste of why the UKU of L rivalry is stronger, more bitter, and just better than DukeUNC.
Act like a whore, youre gonna be called a whore.
RT : I'm so happy for
I want to be in Miami right now  Brooke
and yes.
I swapped out Du Du for Meer Meer in the retweet tweet.
RT : Yep, that's right.
Tap Trivia is back.
Just heard my first reminder on the radio not to fire guns on new years eve...hopefully the hillbillies and gangsters listen to sports talk
fml Potter when I was a child, Twilight when I was a teen  now Hunger Games.
Can't I have a kids book just for me?!
That's surely hits the spot!
Im so lucky to have an amazing guy in my life.
Went to a sketchy parking lot carnival but had such a blast with the new bf :
why do i keep wanting to eat?
that was scary
Its true  RT : Not sure why it took me until 2011 to admit this, but, yes, Rumours is one of the best albums ever.
TO: annoying girl complaining about being lactose intolerant MSG: Try doctornking a glass of SHUT THE FUCK UP.
You'll feel better.
WTF Pittsburgh?
I've been evacuated from campus buildings 3 times today.
ALBUM IS OUT..
RETWEET THIS , HIT ME UP, POST AH COMMENT
Thank you!
Glad you liked it :
seriously though..
Tonight was SO.
MUCH.
FUN.
I bawled my eyes out!
I don't know why!
Hahaha!
I wanna see that video soon!
I didn't know was a golf reporter
College oh college how i dont miss you this week...work oh work...you're killing me.
Getting ready for Bay Area to LA to Vegas trip :
delicious!!!
Enjoy
ok I'll go to your class lol, and alright I'll take them tomorrow .
Streaming noir binge going on all up in here.
Amen sir
THEY ARE YOUR ROLE MODELS.
Funny thing about honesty is it's not only a gift to other people, it's a gift to yourself.
at 's Lavender Grad.
Small Business Awards: Central Star Credit Union emerges from ...
Fun set last night!
Thank u to all who showed support!
NP Take a Look at My Life Fat Joe
Do you ever find yourself talking to someone you'd rather not talk to, but there's someone close by that you REALLY want to avoid?
If we get 1000 followers on March 1, we'll officially be happy.
u mean so that they dont ppl who want handouts or ppl who arebt that skilled?
I admit, I really miss how things used to be.
But I can also admit, that Ive accepted the fact that things changed.
Okay Lol.
O.o
text me to tell you tomorrow's plan ;
boyfriend will soon have jajajajaja 
Raul can be a yankee legend here
No just tanning beds because of that lady who brought her little girl in the tanning bed with her.
Hearing the death of 2 local teenagers makes me appreciate my life that much more.
Putting my face on
any time
Spring sprouts trees, fleas, bees...and doody?
Call DoodyCalls today, we take care of spring poop for both dogs and cats.
20 off now
Seeking commissionbased online sales and SEO manager; parttime and virtual OK; onsite OK too.
If capable of web dev, then gigs open, too.
BuildDayMemories showing up  10 o clock every last one of them.
Ahaha
aiip12 switching from to for conference/ for LLC here on out
The mantle of leadeship is for your shoulders not trophies.
This gets the Rachel Stark Seal of Approval.
Guys apparently don't know what they're asking for when they say they want a gamer gf.
Cuz they bitch n whine when their 360 is being hogged
right.
It's free to think freely.
Thx so much for helping the Marquez Community w/ relocating the proposed LADWP Substation!!!
Bigsmiles!
New post: Edge Memory DiskGO!
500 GB Hard doctorve
LOL.
Truth.
So help me.
Days just slip and slide like they always did.
Trouble is my head won't let me forget.
IF YOU HAVE WENT TO www.flawlessmoneygang.com YOU MISSING OUT ON SOME ST SO GO HIT THAT BH UP.
AND SAY WHAT YOU THINK
Most impressive thing abt the PPE gathering is the absolute love  passion everyone here has for photography.
You know, I can dig the new life burgeoning within me thing, but not sure about the all my organs being squashed into my ribcage thing.
I need a Salty shirt !!
hahaha : Probably the worst thing you can do to a person is leave them a voicemail.
loving the SheHim Christmas album!
Yup.
I get killed in MUTATION 2 and wrote his film BARRICADE.
Looking forward to walking my dog along the lake later today in Madison.
New garage/punk/rnr night starts in a few hours at !
doctornk specials galore, including new Melissa's martini special!
i just want to high five all the Mavs Fans!
Iron Man.
why?
What happened?
The app isn't working!
:
um yea I miss my baby
MahoneToNashville!
Get it trending!!!
Thanks, you too!
Booty tweeting?
eating unnecessarily right now but its nachos and its free....
awkward when you love another guy while you think your in a relationship with Matt...
that's called bullshit umpiring kids
RT : Spring is the time of plans and projects.
Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
LMAO ...
RT : winner winner chicken dinner
Flat tire today.
Hour and a half at Costco on beautiful Sunday afternoon.
Rats!
I'm pooping.
It looks like you.
Cc
U soft as hell sneak dissin on twitter
These are some gawdly cupcakes.
QoTD: The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch somebody else doing it wrong, without comment.
...
Lots of interest in storytelling, urban planning, job creation, tech and ed, youth entrepreneurship.
i'm waiting to see if the police try to quash their legal protests and then make judgment
Now following
about being ran over by a bus
Thanks to for treating my bro and his now fiancé like royalty at Park Hyatt this weekend.
Good to have CFFs in high places;
Shower Time .
i voting for u like crazy but please follow me:??
PLEASE ILY3
Lesson of the day...if u want things done right do them yourself
Wow!
WTG Lakers!
:D hehe...
and MUST be happy
Thanks for showing up, Norfolk State.
No apology either?
After being 45 minutes late picking me up?
Wow, fuck you too asshole.
This is hilarious!
archivesfilms to bad I'm too braindead and busy to think of some of my own!
fyi: my lyre/eye logo design was created by Michael Segal and Lunalux's Jenni Undis.
my friends are
Sometimes a push is a win
Tabata w/ a double header today?
Don't mind if I do!
im good bruh just back in the 305, u know...
Hows everything for u?
Sn sorry to hear about your boi back at the crib...
: Healthcare: There has been no more important pursuit in the history of the world.
Just landed  Returned to a beautiful day in the District of Columbia!
Weve been updating a couple times a day for a little more than a week.
Do you guys like the increase in updates?
Or is it too much?
its really good : you?
We've just started RVA!
It's not raining in the 23220 zip code so COME ON OUT!
BlackLove Fest TODAY!
OMG STOP BLOWING UP MY PHONE.
I JUST WANNA LIVE MY LIFE.
it would be real fun to get crun wit y'all to real talk I bet.
just told me the background of my painting looks like baby poo.
Good start!
No, it's inspiration.
Bend that book into being!
You're an idea bender.
no it ain't , but whatever .
Thas on u then , we was about ta leave
AmericanIdol Jessica SanchezSafe Joshua LedetSafe Phillip PhillipsSafe Hollie CavanaghVoted Off Idol
I've actually never had either but mine are Blue Mist and Safari Melon Dew.
They hit so smooth.
Mathematicians can soon use Chaos Theory to show failure to dissolve the big banks, or let Greece default, led to uncontrollable cataclysms.
Still....catching up with my day
Hey Dude, Are you gunna be at volumes on march 8th?
I had a bunch of testing this week!!
.
Now we are going to every class tomorrow.
Well...
Better get started on homework I didn't do.
.

I'd been a type inference hater for too long.
It's 2012 and I am a born again typester.
Jazz in the park tonight!!
Looking forward to reading these gold nuggets :
we didnt have enough ammo to shoot me thru the course so i didint shoot :/
RT In a nation of 315 million people we have 115mm full time workers and 26.7mm part time workers.
Not thriving!
I usually say we have a few favorites.
;
JustRememberThat when one door closes another one opens
I repeat: if you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting.
Fuck I hate this shit :o
I wish I could listen:/ soccer, rehearsal, then dance....:
there ain't nothing to do except watch the fight.
Happy Independence Day!!!
:D
RT : DYK?
Some working families who purchased homes from had been spending up to 70 of their income on rent!
Never forget the power and importance of the number three.
Looking For a Purpose
I think about you all the time.
R u the same with me?
I wanna kick back  relax 2day.....
Nigga ain't got time 2 be stressing
: y'all know you liked my corner kick; FIRSTGOAL defenderskill THAT MADE MY LIFE
Oh the New Orlean Style BBQ shrimp at Lou  Mickey's is just incredible.
Firey but sweet.
Four yums up!
Birthday cookies???
: Ed Camp unconference in Baltimore October 20!
AIMSTech12 Guess the cat is out of the bag now!
Follow us
Almost got hit by a car in midtown, and not even jaywalking.
Bystanders tell me I have good reflexes.
Nick used to do those ads on 610: It's like freakin' Vegas without the hookers!
Not mentioning Escape next door.
Hahaha I die every time.
no the DVD is just for me to give out hen I sing at churches or gospel sings
I love my girl friends!!!
: I wonder what and gotta say now!!
will always love my CELTICS thru wins  losses!
oh, haha thanks!
and i loved your project :
Pretty sure I made some people aware of your birthday, and now they'll probably write on your wall when they wake up.
Sorry :
not yet at least.
chicken breast sounds like the right move.
lol
Another great day at the office!
about to for our team meeting, then hittin it hard!.
DADA Life tonight!!
intelligentsia coffee, with a french press, in the kitchen  killed it!
Woohoo!
Very excited about this, needless to say.
SPSS skillset increasing in value.
Web and ecommerce too.
U should start ur own
RT : Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Beginning West Wing series rewatch, spotted Marc Grapey in first 30 seconds of the pilot.
Anti Bullying Speaker Christian for school assemblies, Private  Public
inn latin class bout bored as hell cnt wait til it's ova
kuz ur both pigs duh lmfao!
A cop just winked at me....
creeps smh
I luh so much, like omg.
She's my bby....EVERYONE FOLLOW THAT HOTTY.
has anyone told you how cute you are ?3
RT PMG Artist Kamary Phillips gave a brilliant concert yesterday in Marburg Germany in a location overlooking the city!
RT
Austin Mahone's voice is like so soft...
it's true : haha
Can't wait to get to the b shop to get this beard and hair cut so I can look young again
LIL LOUIS!!!
3 follow me please??
haha yes.
sorry i was on da phone.
im sad, we didnt get the pic lol.
dumbass night time
he killed me after a week
Don't you feds have medical personnel everywhere?
get it looked at
Thank you so much!
I always write to myself first, I'm glad you were helped too!
My pleasure you have some good music so it will be fun!
:
stale face
Still can't figure out how to get my tweets to show up in my box on my home page on facebook
had the best day today with my bestfriends 3
Sadly, not this year.
Sorry.
15thseeded Lehigh just shipped Duke home, 7570 Now that's Logistics.
What can you do to capitalize on this?
any movement in the Dade job?
i love you:
HAIZAD ImisterN I thk I can faint anytime soon you guys shld seriously watch the music videos on Suria la.
He is wearing red skinny eh FUH
This is so terrible that I might actually watch the Celtics.
oh dear god  a whole new generation if Fart Apps would be born.
Amazing entrepreneurdoctorven commercial space flight soon to launch.
Sign me up.
LPR2012 Annual Retreat this Friday!
grateful for ur Worship last night!
Ur awesome!
I'm looking for an experienced writer who can take an existing tween game IP and provide copy for print, tv, and web
I've realized that I learned my work voice from the movie, The Secret to my Success.
no!
I put it as my status AND you liked it so YOU should've told me .
I get the feeling they thought, Well, bless her heart!
Poor thing can't afford steak, I'll put xtra bacon on her salad  potato!
MAJOR TWEAK!!
See details about Features to Consider before you Buy an IP Camera Features to Consider before you Buy an IP Camera
Can u imagine Steve Jobs shut out?
Not many great ideas have PRESS by their side or finances.
Silently, many use personal funds.
Touche!
It definately wasn't on the D.
Maybe some coaching also on the prevent D.
Made Tebow look suspicious for 58mins
I'm doctorgging today!
Is it Friday yet?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOO 3333 I love you : I hope your birthday is amazing and that you don't lose your pants.
waves back
get better fast sir!
Hair is getting lighter and skin is getting darker, starting to feel like summer:
As I told 1 of my opponents Feb '12 when he walked by my house, but must have bad memory, I won't except city pension.
At least you have them : Why can't we get an coffee shop on every corner instead of Starbucks?
please follow me :D22
So pumped for this Afrojack concert on Wednesday!
For Mother's Day my 83 yo mom just bought herself a new tablet.
Go Mom!
thank.you SIS !!:
thanks for the follow
RUSSELL TO SEATTLE!!!
Yeah
it's their problem not yours!
You should smell it ...
I don't care how desperate I am, that is not happening!
I banned it from coming anywhere near me.
Headed back to LA!
ahh damn got excited for a sec.
Thanks my man!
SOON!
yea about that....kinda takin tomorrow off if u didn't see my earlier tweets
If you want to ff an amazing group of women, read my last tweets.
XOXO!
Thought  prayers.
That feeling we all get when we hear talk about his new music..
proud excited but most of all scared he might forget us
Catholic Pagans  Surfer Blood
The master of any game is generally a master of practice.
George Leonard
Anything that is slow just really frustrates me
Me too!
So want it!
RT : Love Kara's low end tuxedo jacket!
what time?
Fabulous dinner at Ink with and her friend  holy cow.
I can't believe I have the luck to work with these extraordinary people.
Africa tech and women panel about to begin here at sxsw.
Are you here?
No!
You should be!
Att conf center
Join our facebook page to keep track of our sales and give aways at www.facebook.com/LVHCG
A hearty FF for fellow KOB friends with new twitter accts: ,
Book Of Norm: Friendster Will Be Bigger Than Facebook
Did our expected foot of snow really just change to rain?
haahah he wont!
besides he was the one ignoring us!!!
You're my favorite song
Visit ALA Convention booth 2401 in D.C.
6/2330 or online at www.nealschuman.com for a 20 discount!
Use coupon code ALA10A.
At sea its a crazy feelin on this cruise def gotta go next yr
Got a new ifone....amazing
ich bin gut!
What is your favorite fast food/quick serve burger?
Leaving work.
I wanna meet you and the Boyz so bad!
I only live in New York but my mom won't take me to meet and greets.
/3
Your supermarket is Nijiya or Mitsuwa, right?
TheVandals or head bang in a lead helmet.
aright is this twibbon thing ever gonna feel like telling us that we have more than 1 supporter or....
Make sure to stop by your local record store, hot topic, or best buy and get the new cd today!
I promise you will 3 it!
:
Yeah he is...
what was that 3rd program I wanted to axe...
WTF!
Most of them are...
Rob Paul knows what up
BEEN UP ALL THEY
Hey , BLS tracks by occupation, not industry.
Private and public lawyers would be together in the same occupation, for example.
For some reason Twitter thinks that we are playing Hard Rock Nashville tonight :FALSE  but we thank you Twitter for your continued support!
OH: I'd like some clarification around the rules surrounding tourettes
Shenaigans at the mall
My little cousin soo sweet 
On lunch break
who are your man crushes?
Another great HCLA day!
Starting at
at least this last time I got hit it was a doctornk guy!
Lmao
I better not get doctorss coded tomorrkw
Happy Birthday bro
last night i was told that my name wasnt ron coleman because thats the body builders name lol
It's worth noting that, Nothing but haikumonday, Can satisfy me!
Gotte love of tonite: had a bomb and sac bunt in same game!
PotatoWeek begins tomorrow.
I'm going to talk very frankly with you about it.
It's my job to keep you informed  give you the facts.
I'm so excited to be taking new headshots next week!
New year, new pictures:
But there are two of us.
And we're quickwitted and will thus run circles around everyone else
Saw ya on the big screen last night, Great game, good times.
its the ugly truth
Atlanta bound for the ACM Creativity and Cognition Conference
You know with BBN you would lock that win up.
6.7 in the hole?
And we ain't talking golf
: Ok when and where babe??
Was that meant for me?
ValentinesDay is approaching and for 21 years havent been with anyone of VDAY.
No necessarily looking but just like damn wtf is up...
you lost everything
I often tease him about never having to hear, Will you reach that for me?
I'm over a foot shorter than him!
Holy shit.
Just ran 8 miles.
Bring it on, Broad St.
I can take you.
Happy Friday
you're just like
No one can change a person , but a person could be the reason someone changes.
I'm just chillinnn 
No one dies a virgin, life screws them all.
300 violins josequintero the only thing getting me threw the library
You're not coming to DevLearn this year?
Referring to a woman's pregnant belly as a bump, love it or hate it?
Twitter jail D:
Followers plz go on to check out
We are, like, almost done mixing.
I wish I had an accent.......british
Eden was absolutely EPIC last night.
We will have pictures up later this week.
Thank you all who made it out!
Keep doing it young fella, take care and stay blessed!!!
still more
Indy Reads Volunteer Orientation on Friday, Jan 20th from 11am1pm.
Start the new year right  teach someone to read.
2754040 to register
..
They Just Too Ratchet To Explain..
LMBO
: sir, your comic irreverence and keen powers of observation offers me a good deal of delight.
most obliged!
Lets go

TONIGHT brand NEW episode of La La's FULLCOURTLIFE on at 9pm!
We hook up on a few dates!!
Gonna be a good one!
RT
just a regular hump day for me!
And u?
Why don't any 26 year olds I know look like as Uncle Jesse?
They just don't make 'em like they used to...
Happy birthday to Jensen Ackles today!
Ugh what am I supposed to do with myself now that I've completed the entire Hunger Games trilogy in five days flat.
Think like a man was still good the second time around michaelealy :D
When will movie come out?
LOL.
Watching Lord of the Rings until I fall asleep!
Torturing yourself with depressing songs when you're already sad.
I love The Last Resort!!
Beautiful Work Re: DWTS Rob  Smooth Moves  Congrats!
For those with a good translator, is a rare Brazilian specimen of soccerphilosopher, worth following.
WTF!
Who cares about rerun Romney when those kids died in
There is an intrinsic professorndity within simplicity...
MindFirstFitness
Hip pain has been horrible today.
6 mth postop and I'm still miserable.
no vodka
MA: Two universalizing disciplinescybernetics  Marxismattempt a legitimacy exchange in the Gdoctor Uneasy synthesis fails.
RT I could write and film an episode of Justified faster than it's taking to download on this Boingo Hotspot.
yes we did...
I Guess I Might Wear A doctorss Today...
Kevin Bacon would be awesome if his last name were sausage!
Am I the only one she talk to ?
doctornks are always welcome!
I like to yell when I run.
the older i get i see the symbols every where, its so obvious yet they still are blind
REAL stupid.
Hey , please email: if you would like to join our Chatt StreetTeam.
Free tickets for promoters!
Fact that last night's bus home broke down and this morning's has taken an hour to go 4 miles does not bode well for rest of week.
will present the UNHCR case study and introduce the new major release eXact LCMS...
your puppy is too cute prince.
awww hes just so adorable,congrats on ur new puppy
So excited for a DNation takeover of tomorrow night from 58!
Come get your doctornk on and support the fight against cancer!
Thanx!
So far, so good.
India is an eyeopenerI'll be presenting in my sari tomorrow, if I have the nerve.
smart idea, Sell the whole,not the parts , public private partnrshp2 increase international travel2 US...
SOPA and KONY just left everyones mind all of a sudden
Jas will be mad at me, but OKC is winning this series.
Lol
I'm so yolo cause I got ambition cause I get high to balance out my lows
h vs supershredder at
A snowy Wisconsin evening perfect night for a whiskey cocktail!
Who told you that?
LOL
Gonna scream in my moms face and say HAPPY MOTHERS DAY WAKE UP!!!
such a good daughter :
Watching Doogie Howser, MD.
Damn, NPH was sexy on that show.
Looking at it now...he totally seems like a homo.
She has him messed up....
Time 2 move on budd....
RIP Adam Yaunch that shit is so sad 47 is too soon for anyone, cherish your life people
You and your party are trying to doctorg us to hell.
Just a friendly reminder for everyone to vote today!
Text 107350 to 73774 to vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh Grant competition!
haha I love the revolving doors!:
Guess I know where a small portion of my day is going
I need to loose more weight and it won't happen as fast as I want : Need to figure out a healthy way to do that, hm
now I'm gonna be going to jail because made me push a button  hahaha can't wait for punkd!
ball so hard university
hate u....
and u can delete ur number from the ur tweet
The more you watch tv the more your competition will kick your a gitomer.
Come on
Had thehungergames for mere hours.
6 chpts in and tough to put it down.
I need a new group of boys, these niggas are never down for an adventure
haha how about we just kidnap the whole band n we choose our own in who we wanna keep I call dips on Harry!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3 2
I work to support net neutrality in the US/EU, interested in chatting?
love you too.
Love my fans
Don't compare your life to others'  you don't know what their journey is all about or what challenges they face.
What do you call a fake macaroni?
An impasta
Happy St.
Patty's Day Everyone!!
Cheers to a foggy Sunday for most!
You call it jealousy.
I call it fear of losing you
Found the opportune time to toss something to someone, is when the walk into a room with a cup of coffee in hand.
That was funny.
i know so idk sigh
tx for the mention.
Lookin' forward.
Seems like it's been forever
How might civility be part of the heteronormative matrix?
How might peaceful be domestication?
Is violence posthuman?
underthemistletoe has my daughter blasting Christmas Songs...
Love her being in the Christmas spirit!
because it has a clever twitterbio and because computers make me happy.
I Hope Everyone Has A Great Day !
3
get at me, i'm putting one together
Following, feel free to follow back.
Thanks for RT of article.
haha I know
ur going to be in good company at aade11 early reg numbers r huge better get set for lots of Diabetes Educators
Just finished all my follow backs : Thanks everyone!
Hope to be at 200 by next week.
Have a great day!
not to leave any one in wonder, Maya Angelou was...a wonderful speaker!
there is always that one person you can tell anything to, no matter what it is.
state insurance companyTips for choosing the right car insurance
Nice to tweetmeet
Got asked to Prom by Briton May 12th ..gotta see if I can go down there now 
I'm just tweeting now..
But seroously tho I could go for 1 of those
haha shut up!!
Or I'll come down stairs and kick your ass!
Tackito's, chocloate milk and The Bad Girls Club A good time:
That's the truth!
Were 49 followers away frm 4000!
Help us get there.
Get yer friends 2 follow us N put us in yer FF's!
Its fans like U that make us grow RT!
We want to borrow  scan family photos for THE INDIANAPOLIS ALBUMtoo many people have cool old photos hidden in their albums and attics.
love to hear from fellow fans!
Ah, Los Angeles!
all of you ghosts of this room, just you wait, because it will happen, as sure as theres a God in heaven.
John Fante
All my texters fell asleep...
: Its rare of me to eat something out words of kevin tonight, I'm still dying!
lmao!!!!
It's like I tell The Boy every morning: You can dance if you want to.
You can leave your friends behind.
'Cause your friends are asshats.
I swear I'm a lesbian on the inside
I want to meet while she's in San Antonio:
Damn I forgot my charger at home.
haha!
no dear, your so silly.
But both nuggets, yellow and furry are adorable!
How was Les Miserables in London?

i like Asap Rocky , Currency , doctorke , wale .
.
.
.just to name a few .
Thanks for following us  your fellow Cajun Cooker!
Off the streets for next week  headed home for Carnival  so hold it down!
We want to hear from you!
What have you learned from failure?
sorry if im evil to you today.
im in a bad mood..
What news did i miss?
In OK you can get a ticket for doctorving with a cracked windshield.
Each city  county can ticket you.
You can get multiple tickets.
Taylor back on the floor for the
FACT: While America is watching the State of the Union addoctorss, we're working on songs.
Nothing against
oh cool, and yes I am :D
Great!
Let's plan something.
Maybe you could float some burgers up the river to The Edge.
:
That was such a nerve racking game!
Soo happy for Zeller and the Carolina boys.
Now, let's go IU!
Bring a food donation to support NeighborsWithoutWalls  get a discount, use the extra money to support who'll be there
The first smart move would be to offer you a show...:
Thank God you're okay
fjlkajd i was dying
IDK how people can not like school thats where i meet almost all my friends and i have fun its how i stay in the doctorma loop i like school
sound checking nao.
We film nationwide!
We'd love to talk about opportunities.
Please DM your email addoctorss  Carolyn LeCroy will contact you.
The CHOCOHOLIC is back!
Chocolate chip chocolate cake, filled with chocolate whipped cream then dipped in ganache!
Stop by today!
Omg are you serious?
That's way to long:O
It's hard to believe I have been up for 5 hours already.
I never said she wasnt.
when i first read this, i thought you meant your actual family.
lol.
i was kinda worried.
HAVE MORE FUN!
RIP Guru
Girl you have a nice ass.
oh get used to it haha
Mostly because I know the shit they're gonna tell me is dumb as fuck and doesn't work for grown relationships only high school ones
i like my neighbor
No one is really tweeting about the doctorke concert.
Either its really bad or really good.
All girls are beautiful in their own way no matter what shape,size or,skin color :
That's good.
It should!
Let the one you love know it.
Don't give up on them just because they've given up on themselves.
thank you!
What kinds of spirits do you manage?
We doctorve 2 Queens 2day 2 pick up son's best friend from TX.
His parents came 2 settle estate of a late aunt.
He'll be with us a week.
I have the perfect solution to help you relieve this problem Jess!
It involves my mouth and that wet pussy of yours!
Up for it?
Sold my big Creative Magic item from the last portion.
Still got some smaller items left!
PM me for the list.
thanks chloe, i'll follow back soon as!
on ipod  its not working, im fixing it:.
leanne
Ah, it works in FF, I think Flash was being buggy in my Chrome Canary build.
Whoops...
RT  ready for the miami dolphins  dallas cowboys game.
Otakon attendees vying for their second Bohero award.
Early costumes lackluster.
Hopefully they are saving their best for the weekend.
don't say it doesn't matter cause it's gonna matter to me 3
Nice!
ivotedyes RT : just mailed my YES votes for the SAGAFTRA merger.
It's time to stand united!...
What's poppin slime.
lol ohh so you're one of those guys who tried to play SOME kind of activity, so they played tetherball?
Shane Mosley took a beating!
All industries computerized when it made sense to do so.
MU changed incentive structures.
are u in a bad mood
Carrots with Ranch Sauce 
That Victor just gets smarter and smarter.
Lol, okay?
RT : I fart.
Why?...
because it's the only gas I can afford.
Yea I love TJ Maxx!
LOL I went there earlier....
So tired of being in the wrong all my life!!!
what do i do right????
definitely a couple come to mind.
but what kind of lake  lake activities/restrictions are you looking for?
In the last week, I've had doctorams where I am Googling things, checking my email, and fixing my computer.
ahaha : he is the best to cuddle with !
SO FRIKIN CUTE.
I wann steal him from my brother xD
is that a fortune cookie?
just saw it too!
Impressive!
;
Las Vegas that is
Recurring SOTU theme: Send me bills that do stuff we agree on.
Can Congress resist sticking unpopular stuff in bills headed to passage?
DontCuffThat if they have dated/ had sex with all your friends
Thanks!.
I've heard of the socratic method, but it will be interesting to read about it being used with elementary students.
I don't hate you.
I'm just not to excited about your existence.
This girl be wilding out lol
The shame...
I'm such a sicko
There are more tears shed over answered prayers than over unanswered prayers.
FF ::: Need hot new music / nightlife promotion?
GO FOLLOW
fuckin ppl man.
ur just makin it worse by writing retarded shit
RT : I intend to talk business tonight over chicken wings and lap dances  thats how all the Real Bosses do it
I'm mad Lose
Thanks!!
RT : follow back : packers  cubs fan?
Holy shit Taco Bell is so awesome!
If only I could stop eating it
crazy grandma fashion for life!!
Watching OregonUSC game from 2002 on ESPN Classic.
This Mike Williams kid can't miss.
what's good bro
AH!
The Gentlemen's Rant: Chris Brown and/or Restraining Orders
You ALL were fantastic.
Dancer 2 Dancers; what you endure...
and sacrifice...
every night to make it...
just...
happen...
Why would we want to have 2 unions competing for the same piece of pie when we can merge  become stronger?
In the end it's always about money, not principle.
Oldie but goldie!
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
thank you sir
I just mute them.
The guys I play with give them crap.
Good enough.
Just saw the Governator at Barney's in LA.
merry christmas to you i hope your family is happy and helpful :
There are few things as decadent as doctorzzling Nutella over reheated frozen raspberries.
Let's go Pacers!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night!
Had an awesome time, saw some old friends and made some great new ones!
Guess everything has a reason to be
You hate it when that person's perfect but throws pity parties?
Hypocrite.
YES I KNOW I DONT LIKE THE IDEA OF DAYCARE HERE IM EXCITED TO DO IT ALL MYSELF AT FIRST ANYWAY
Don't forget to spring forward this weekend
This day in history: my late dog lulu was born.
Mad at and for not being able to lookslutty with me in the quad.
Laying out by myself 
ad there are those who make a living out of killing too ...
So ?
Total fart from the standuppee in the stall behind me.
why do you never notice me : I always say something
In Chicago.
Got in right behind a big storm.
All is well now, but Midway is pretty chaotic at the moment.
If you are in a Little Caesar's commercial, you probably hate yourself.
Proud of you guys!
: pdxcc12 is donating leftover food from the conference to St.
Vincent de Paul
Everytime you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Mother Teresa
I know how he turned out....
and it frightens me sometimes 
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Dean Acheson
Phoebe Sengers wins at all the things.
Life is a chance, benefit from it.
True Fact about Yunik I'm a very detailed person.
It's Friday and I don't see Rebecca Black anywhere!
I guess that's a good thing!
Thanks for the shout out!
Good luck!
And whoever I be with, they got nothing on you.
That's just something to do when there's nothing to do.
Has been updating this page with her phone...
but none of it has showed up.
Anyone having the same issue?
Why so high on Kotsay?
Really light bat, you don't want him getting that many AB's  production of a 79 hitter
It's troubling only if the murderers r not the ones u support ; Every life matters or v r all disposable.
Tomorrow is our 1st anniversary....come and celebrate with us.
HelenBernardBakery is providing the cakes.....rsvp on our facebook site...
Missin my queen,she need to hurry up and come home...I love you bae
Gaby never answers my texts 
I came to win
Good Sunday morning twitterverse!
I'm getting up to go for a run!
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 14
man woman man woman
lol ok I'll tweet to you in october when they don't make the postseason haha
name the gym.
U better have my money ready.
Happy to share message via the network
so I'm going to Raw tomorrow in Indy.
I'm also turning 25 on Thursday.
Bday rt's are cliche...can I get a happy bday on live tv?!
D
stretching the truth:
Damn, another string of law and order episodes...I'll never get anything done.
So who's winning?
...and who's playing?
Perfect weather.
:
VOTE NOW for NEMESYS, to become the 106.7 KBPI's Best Band in Denver!
Wish I was there, : With and ED misterddle!
Hey Twitter!
Show your Label7 3!
Happy mothers day three times over!
We're already taking reservations for Halloween weekend!
Big plans?
Never go out on an empty stomach!
Reserve today at 305.673.1312.
Remembered they were in my car.
Never sprinted so fast in my life.
She's 12 and you're what 17/18...
Let me know how her baby sitter feels about that.
Had a fun evening with my fellow interns This weather is awesome btw.
keep it up mother nature.
I learnt how to stitch yo yo's in my textiles lesson today
awh!
Go after him:D
I'm happy to see less happy 420 this year lol.
Annoying as hell.
You never know what you got till it's gone....
Sometimes I like to turn off everything else and just listen to the sounds of life.
Everything moves to a beat,  its a peaceful melody.
Virtual LunaCris: The Holographic HypeMan
Forget the timepiece broach...look at the beads Randall is wearing.
I can't with this dude.
The Bermuda Marathon is 60 and the Houston Marathon is 125.
Same weekend.
Is that in that battleship movie?
Story on news tonight: Mother defends Botox injections for 8 year old daughter...Thoughts and comments?
Private team planes to every away game wheredeydodatat.....
SHOCKER NATION
have a great one!
we've had it for a while, just haven't been active.
What are some of your goals for the summer?
I love you
I picked up AnnatheFrenchKiss from a library display, read it 2x, then bought it in hardback.
Preordered LolatheBoy.
Smoke session.
I feel ya Obama.
I get scrapes and shiners playing basketball all the time and go into the office the next day to weird looks.
The crowd is cheering We like Mike at the Croc!
seamayor ec
Badgers football practice starts Thurs, Mar 22.
There will be 4 practices before Spring Break  10 after, leading up to Apr 28 Spring Game.
Just found out doctorke is Jewish?
what?!
u have a little country going on there son
'Kay, I know it was a few hours ago but it wasn't offensive.
You're funny and everyone's a critic so don't feel bad.
3
Thanks!
Glad you could check it out!
Failing forward just means being able to learn from your mistakes and coming out better because of them.
Testing your history knowledge:QIn 1917 who was the US president  what future US president was born?
DM your answer to win super prizes!
thanx for the constant support and motivation!
LB get ready to embrace our newest Don!
still time left
Today's Special: Boston Cream Pie!
Yellow cake filled with pastry cream and topped with chocolate ganache.
Slices are only 2.00.
Wow.
What a match.
Austin Aries is amazing.
He IS main event material  SHOULD be the face of TNA.
Impressive.
Newest copyeditor at !
Can't wait to start!
I'm Bugging Boe!
hey buddy
I met him for the first time last week.
He's been very helpful on FAA issues.
The SNL skit is nothing like him, but funny.
As in, I pity the fool who thinks John Cusack a conservative?
FindSomeoneWho will listen.
TRULY listen
I didn't answer your question  We start in april it looks like
Somebody dm me and i will give you oxygen.
Things couldn't be better.comedy is my thing and nothing can stop that.
I'm really starting to hate holidays.
Always family doctorma!
This is one of the main reasons I'm leaving to Denver.
Can't happen fast enough!
Yet another movie in aviation.!
UFest 2012 with and more.
Saturday, April 28th at Quail Run Park!!!
I can't wait!!!!!
First tweet from the iPad!!!
I still cant sign on to interact and I dont know where my flashdoctorve is.
I dont have any other numbers either
Change roles: change leader, change junkie, eager beaver, scribe, teacher/trainer.
My auntie doing to much I'm ready to go right now
I used to live in Hawaii actually haha, tickets are too expensive at the moment.
But def.
planning to go soon!
What's your deal?
I just saw your whole family at Target!
:' It was such a happy moment!
3
damn Bulls :/
I just slapped my thigh because I thought the wire to my headset was a spider...I am now paranoid..
Back at work.
Bummer.
alright guys...
phish phest confirmed..
people on the fence..
announced more artists before superball tix go on sale 4/4!
no worries
i hate when at night time, my contacts doctor out super fast  make everything so blury.
:
Listening to Humphrey and the Dumptrucks.
We've heard many horror stories from paying customers abt then was arrested last wk 4 wearing a hat!
Listening to school the Fry's employee IN THE MAC department who doesn't know what a Mac Mini is.
Joe Biden is sharp as a marble
I forgot to tell you, I took creepy pictures of Brant texting his girl last night ;
If anyone in the Nashville area needs website, technology or accounting help, check out our website and give us a call....
If Pens are going to win 2nite Crosby has to get more evenstrngth time.
In Game 1, 7 forwards had more evenstrngth time than Crosby.
Mia's already going to jazzfest  ACL.
Holly's going to burningman.
How many more do we need?
My doctorve home today is longer than my FLIGHT was
Good luck Jake.
Hopefully you can get through to him.
zombies is old school, need to break out the survival mode on mod warfare 3 it's like zombies with guns....
Question posed by Doug Garland : What is the future of engaging with smart phones while we watch tv?
Sunday means open houses!
317 James Ct from 111, a great 3 br in S.P, then over to 5166 Ridge Oak in Madison  3 br, right by East Town.
He'll be back to crazy in no time.
RT : Uh oh....
KG has gone from crazy to calm...
only Wednesday??.....well time to get humping and humpday!
Eager for you to join us!
is he the Mormon or Santorum?
RT Sorry, can't help it.
I love goldoctorsh!!!...nobody should judge you.
It's awesome!
if not for this work business....
Been so exhausted.
Missing church n er'thang.
Cupcake kitchen closing for the week.
Gotta reevaluate my menu and how folk can/can't order.
RT : New Gingrich has about as much chance of becoming President as WalMart employees have of unionizing.
and there are better ways to have fun with this.
Like let you have the plate, but require a dollar go to Tiger conservation...
same to you me old china!
see you soon xoxo
Accidentally took someone else's iPhone!
They all look alike!
Just got mine back...
school starts Monday....
fml
they always make moves that dont work
oh my word.
its a wrapped present!
lets hope I don't explode.
I NEED THAT
awe man, I clicked on the link thinking I would get to see the new hair!
But no haha I seriously love your hair though ;P
That's a big challenge.
Meet flook here at sxsw?
Award finalist tonight
Are you kidding me Cunningham?????
Why in the blue hell are you swinging 31?
When someone takes your phone at school  like fuck off
We are now able to offer bespoke business mobile pricing to our customers!
Let us know exactly what you use or need, and we will do the rest
Occupy wall street all over news on Oak and Sea.
Someone needs to show them that equal wages don't come from protesting or vandalism.
people are seriously really fucking rude.
I'm sorry I'm fucking sick and I was thinking of not getting other people sick.
Next time 
Man the Sixers suck..they can't make a clutch shot for nothing
:Mix 96.1 is sounding amazing during Fiesta!
Really captainring the feel of SA!
Shout out to and !
word

it's pretty sad no one dares rebuke or contradict the muslim world's cosmovision.
And it's all motivated by fear !
RT if you are ready for some Buckeye Basketball!
Thanks.
We're so excited, although the kids will be heading to Catholic school instead of Leopold.
yes.
had a champion day yesterday!
Are you a leader or a follower?
no bows!!!!
Evar : and my grandpa got me the snuggie, hope momma gets me my jersey !!
Milk and chips ahoy cookies 
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity.
Daniel Barenboim
I could live off of candy corn..
I've had my fill of progressives bashing our President.
I see we share the same philosophy
I just realized that I'm following 28 things on here.
28...28!
DAMN IT'S GREAT TO BE IN 28!!!
28!!
AH!!!!!!
Great platform for citizen science, and some wonderful frameworks for transcription
Happy Birthday to the best BBQ in town!
yum RT Quick's turns 48 years old this week!
Soccer practice bright and early.
shout out!
lost um, a what?
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
I can assure you our site is legit, it's our goal to have the lowest prices on the web, and most of the time, we succeed!
Thanks for the list and the follow!!!
Check out the new name  look!
Tell your friends to follow for updates re: Anchorage's fantastic animal shelter.
Thanks for the mention!!
: smiling here at 4am...time for sleep.
Thank you
Tool Academy!
;
On our way to Walnut.
Will be serving between 3rd and Kirkwood on Walnut.
I love 's white boy moves while he was rappin Mockingbirdd by pretty amazingg..He got alot of swag for a white boy.
3
doing great in vabeach at tkd tourney.
twitter..show us some love
Got a pick from my snuggle buddy Thanks sweetheart.
It's always humbling when someone awesome likes my stupid bullshit!
surprised you finished them
Anyone else have the Facebook app update lick up their iPhone?
3 hours with no phone.
I don't care what anyone says fart apps are funny as hell
my favorite part was that Don Nelson called a timeout just to glare at Joey
I am waiting for John Cena on Raw
Future union leader?
RT I think NBA players union should allow a full financial audit if there is nothing to hide....Thoughts?
Congrats to Justin Bieber and Cameron Diaz for Time Magazine Cover
If it starts raining and thundering I will be one happy bitch :
No gym should have a movie room
I tricked no one!
She asked me out of the blue, I just didn't have the energy to correct her.
Thanks for the birthday wishes Josh!
Spent a happy hour playing Machinarium with my 9yo daughter.
Reminds me of Out of This World.
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
Jubilant crowd packs Cairo's Tahrir Square
Gonna get a hair cut from my nephew, hopefully he don't fk it up!
wish it could of been for longer.
You were killin it
great work as always :
and what shall be your return??
Oh yeah, spif P
Don't expect a withdoctorwal from someone without making a deposit within them first.
the Pastor heard at a conference.
Go Gus.
You have done a lot for agriculture in WV.
Being recognized dinner now.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Sport for a new car!
Boom!
RT : followfriday begins w/bests of
I feel bad for Cundiff .
People are just trashing him.
I am pissed as anyone that he missed that kick but give the guy a break.
having appreciation for the little things
Hey!
It's Cyber...uh...Tuesday!
A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and so will your family  friends!
380 cals burned..40 sit ups...diet tight..phew
Eschew well to avoid indigestion RT : I need something to eschew.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!47
If you haven't checked it out yet, DealShow is still live and selling great stuff cheap!
www.dealshow.com
THIS!
: Cuz I wont give up on us, even if the clouds get rough, i'll give you all my love, cuz god knows we're worth it 3
Seattle is so green and juicy.
Silly question, but having a friendly debate over here!
I want to know what your favorite flavor of ice cream is...Please share!
So glad we made the short trek away from the barren convention center.
It was worth every moment of BBQ goodness.
lol always creepers at gyms
New Wireless threats to small and middle maket businesses: Evil Twin Promiscuous Client Bluesnarfing  Bluejacking They are on their way!
Awesome!
Crossing my fingers that work approves the trip.
I think this tweet will be the last.
So good bye twitter...
Peace out:
DAYYYUMM well move over Eagles  Cowboy fans I'll be sittin' next to ya' w/a broken   soggy terrible towel sigh
is taste testing tamales.
For when the wine is in, the wit is out.
Thomas Becon Catechism, 375
Prom night
favorite part of today are all the colleges I have NEVER heard of.
ok, it has happend.
I am officially hooked on.
what/who should I follow?
In the midst of a boycott from the carpet since was fired rudely actually.
RT: I'm sorry, what language are you speaking?
It sounds like bullshit.
not necessarily.
Intention is to disrupt current Ed models within and without the U.

Happy Birthday,3
pon el via x, estan dando un especial de los jonas!
Up early for court......
Hopes gets good news !
But its 50/50 chance negativethouoght I know !
Can't help it
Looking forward to watching the 1985 Einstein on the Beach doc during the journey.
I really want a follow back:/
I CANNOT get call me maybe outta my head.
THIS IS CRAZY!
thanks for the RT!
We are thrilled with the love!
Are they out of options with Valencia?
Couldn't they demote him  hope it sparks him to figure it out?
Giving him away seems rash.
ThoughtsAtAHouseParty where's your parents liquor stash.....I'm tryna get fucked up :
hey Brendan
Those three words...
Are said too much..
And not enoughh
no I work late Friday!
really?!
Pick me up dang.
now who is the dork.
Super moon is tonight?!
TShirtTimeee!
:DD J.E.R.S.E.Y S.H.O.R.E333333
can u update my 3gs
That was the shhh
OK, i won't reveal much more then.
Be prepared for season 4 though...crazy good
Haha that is ok.
I remember you and coffee  a marriage made in heaven.
anytime also!
Done!
Feel free to hit me back.
;
What a bullshit decision!
Im scared to ask my mom if I can go somewhere tomorrow.
successful people ask better questions, and as a result they get better answers
i got my report card today and when i checked my grades a week ago it said i has a b in english and on the report card it says a fucking d
It's time, up and at em
Congratulations to my wonderful girlfriend, Stephanie RawlingsBlake, reelected as mayor, baltimore, md
Bruins, Celtics, RedSox and Revs all play today.
Who are you watching?
working on new music the mixtape is gonna be the finished soon so be on lookout for it.
I'll use that tweet.
Just gonna replace my name with your's since you're the magical ones.
we did!
So much fun...but Austin is always a good time!
Google Analytics Moves Old Version Link To Footer
WHAT HURTS THE MOST!!!!
I've had so much time to myself this trip.
This is awesome
a RT!
, we are making babymandered happen.
To live does'nt mean your alive...
I hate baseball
is sexy just saying :D
Dammit.
Only getting 200 dollars on my first paycheck.
That's nothing.
I see why people quit these jobs.
Tornado touchdown in Norman, Oklahoma?
That's the norm in Oklahoma.
See wut I did there?
BO
i misses my broder:'
Left ear is blown out...
Again.
Awesome.
all I can say is if that's you, I wish I was in Michigan.
Impressive.
I think I'm getting the hang of tweeting...look out!!!
Lol
that's a nice forehead you got there
I hate when my GF calls me a man whore just because all the girls want my body.
Not personal attack.
Just hope media be impartial  fair.
I will take you at your word that it's your intent 2b.
adly you have to dance like you mean it at dave and busters then we will see.
congrats to Batton Lash on a successfully funded kickstarter!
The large number of people I know in the library right now is...
interesting.
when is our next dinner?
I'm kinda mad though!!
I thought it was gonna end differently than the book.
But whoever visited Mona was wearing the red
Jimmy Johns has some gourmet sandwiches
I did have a good day!
Thank you.
I hope you had one too!
Keep singing, sugar.
When a poor person dies of hunger, it has not happened because God did not take care of him or her.
so great to see you!
hope it's not as long before the next time!
is administering monthly tests this afternoon.
You gotta love Louis :
Great Marketing  PR strategy session w Mark and Scott at , helping veterans start Franchise bizs.
Tomorrow in Work It we report on Gov.
and his remarks to Va.
Council of CEOs.
Don't miss it!
Where's my Luch shirt?
RT : My phone dies faster than Chris Brown in Stomp The Yard.
sounds like time for a new one
It's close, but I think Cam's potential to get in the endzone on the ground gives him the edge
the dude behind the curtain, yup.
I think I broke my mourning phenomena
Just announced!
New show added to fall/winter tour 2011 in Chattanooga, TN on 12/22/11.
Want to share a crafty skill with the people of Detroit?
We host a skillshare at the Trumbullplex on the second Saturday of every month.
Braised Pork Belly just came out of the for Banh Mi at lunch
That is very true!
Plus I've always been told that I have pretty eyes when I've been crying!
Lol!
Love it!!
I just saved a baby bird's life!
hanging out with can you please follow me?!: I love you!:
If you need a leader to follow, you're doing it wrong.
just got told i was horrid..
Sorry I missed your tweet!
You saw  I on TV during the game??
Crazy!
Great game, and our cheering helped!
No such thing as a human without fear.
If you're  wiredbiz Pls look for tall blond guy with WW2 army boots: mister Amy Cross I told him how SMASH U R
Putting a pillow between your legs feels Good
I DO 2 WHO DOESN'T
Should I call her?
I have her number
Anyone need some lebron 9 in size 13/14?
I have a few for sale!
RT : fun to rock Colorado.
Now off to in Denver for a 4am load in!
check us out on www.ransom.tv
I was like oh ...well then lmao
Hahaha!!
Isn't that the point?
Sitting on the porch in Hilton Head.
gunna skype with Morgan!
: I miss her so mucch!
NW Elmo.
misterNoodle to ugly.
Gotta get my laptop fixed ASAP
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.
and i don't care cause i love ruining the days of these indoctrinating, self aggrandizing, half wits...
you are over paid and do nothing
We're sorry to hear that.
can you tell us the device and os version you are using?
thx
I will be hitting the streets tonight thanks for keeping me up on whats poppin
Loved finally meeting the adorable and last night!
:
when you become a doctor I'm going to hurt myself so I can hang out with you.
my friends are too funny.
there is a lot to say but this year has taught me that life is unpredictably short.
be grateful everyday don't let fear rule ur life
3.5 hours getting tattooed and I still wince at an allergy shot
me too!
What time Wed for the big announcement at OWS?
Hooray for fall!
Maple Creme Brulee for dessert tonight to put you in the mood!
Who likes our new icon and background?
:
haha zany indeed!
Love that Betty White is rocking hot pink lipstick.
you would.
you've just taken you're first steps into a larger world.
that SUCKS!
yall are my freaking heroes!thank you so much for getting them to delete that horrid blog about justin!it means alot to us !
yeah baby dj ant heatin it up with doctorKE/J COLE TIX for you to WIN tonight!!!
Helltown Idle Hands Double IPA on tap!
Come and get it!
follow back ?
:
Don't let me go...
only one search for building pubic archaeology, however.
Which is probably for the best.
BecauseItsFriday im gonna get all fancy.
remember when we'd sit in the pub and try to figure out what people's O face would be?
just saw some girls doing that.
Rangers w do anything to get some rest Rangersoutofgas NJDevils Come on BoysLets Go!
We are collecting family pics from our A Hymn A Week family to use for our Hymn video.
Send pics to .
Why Are There More People Following Harry...
He Is Great In All, But You Do Know Louis, Niall, Liam, And Zayn Do Exist Right!
The most 5 frequently used letters of the alphabet are E, T, O, A and N least used are K, J, X, Z and Q.
robric819 Thanks : You getting to enjoy the weather?
We were just in the yard amp; on a walk for 2 1/2 hours.
So nice!
I.S.D.
Locksmith offer up to 50 off 6193357969
was up
My plan to get my students out of class and recording had been hampered by my own poor execution of, you know, having enough batteries.
Argh
Every time I walk into a singles bar I can hear Mom's wise words: Don't pick that up, you don't know where it's been!
Haha, we both like house rabbits!
I have learned to ignore Hawk's homerism and just appreciate his humor.
The He Gone call cracks me up every time.
Happy Easter!
He is risen: For God so loved the world...
John 3:16
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, been supporting since 1 time!
now to get noticed follow?x39
hahaha it's a boring sport !!!!
put his twitter name on his presentation
Good Tuesday morning!
Have a great one everybody!
Of course, I could go to my room and watch the game sober, but free doctornks are free doctornks and I want Gopher hockey!
NF  too funny kita needs to be a Comedian lol
Wassuh Stranger Its Been Like 2weeks Since We TALKED
Did you find that photo in Thyme Magazine, or did you grow that yourself?
lmao, i would.
his security would have memorized my name by the time Ed left the state.
lol
Filming Nocturnal Saturday!
Who's going?
my own servers
Want a piece of my Chicago Poker Classic action?
1.3 to 1 mu.
Please PM me for details.
500k added to the prize pool.
yum yum time.
And just like that we're back in it.
Let's go pacers!
Cruzin' Chula Vista today.
Let us know where you work out so we can get you some
Help us welcome our new stylists to our salon family!!!
Ysable, Eddie, and Downtown Jesse Brown!!!
no not at all
RIPDonaldDuckDunn no, not Donald DuckDonald Duck Dunn....bass player for
good night Austin:
Diggin' the blues music at 310 W.
Wisconsin.
notes new thurs hangout for lunch
Am SO ready for happy hour with  ...
I feel like I deserve it.
Easier to go out at night when you have a flashlight.
Your are both welcome!
I can't wait to see the dogs at the shelter tomorrow.
I have to give the dogs that didn't get adopted for Christmas a lot of extra love.
please follow bailey: u r such an inspiration I really hope RNG wins abdc!
My favorite dance crew on the show :
where did you get that combo from
blue ash...come to me
And I'm still falllinggg.
hey, haw you doin
Trying to figure out how to empty a string between certain characters in MySQL...
thoughts?
Merry Christmas!
Enjoy time with family and friends and may peace and laughter reign over your day.
is adorable p:
because you're mean to her!
Idc how much money a nigga got, it still dont make him look good, if he ugly or got a ugly attitude, still turnin me OFF!
Always 4ever.
William Coulson and the LCWR: We Overcame Their Traditions and Their Faith  Patheos
Getting ready for a prconference chat with at health2con!
Will report back soon!
thanks for the follow John!
Keep on rockin in
little one you are my midget and always will be
So glad you could make it this morning!
Thanks for coming!
don't worry, I won't give you any lame excuses.
I'm writing a whole new letter.
You'll see.
I'm mailing it out ASAP.
Sorry!
Just got home from school :
The king stay the king
James Brown.
now that's some toe tappin' goodness.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger...
That's what u have base my whole life on...
You become more liberated each time you comfortably accept the idea that you are not perfect
So Good.
Following irrelevant bitches on my feed.
Lol bye.
Check out some of our films at www.ThirteenE.com
Reclusive librarian
Thinking about not going to work today
: Josh is so gay.
I am not gay
late thursday night.
probably around 10pm.
again.
haha.
Do you do everything your overlords tell you to do?
:
Party Bus Spotting!
Update your Twitter status of OKC Party Bus whereabouts while out on the town tonight and win a free Party Bus tshirt!
I sometimes watch the other one, but it's been getting on my nerves!
And too bad made such a horrible novela choice!
And don't forget to Like us
If it ain't one thing its another
Okay, I'm gonna help you look
I forgot you were on here too, haha
The only joke I know is about the alligator in the vest
Thanks girl!
You too!
Goodmorning!
Its a lovely day to talk to me isn't it???:D iloveyou!
You are my TheAmazingSpiderman!!!
Ay the gym, going tanning later!;
We play the same game, difference is you never try your best
but the team is significantly less entertaining and my Arsenal doctornking game took a huge hit...
China halts production at chlorine contamination CocaCola bottling plant
S/o to my new follower
HI EVERYONE !
Hi Jacob.
As always, we share confirmed 4G news once we have it.
We'll definitely do the same for 2012 markets.
rosemary and thyme
lol...someone u should follow
all bad then lmao
cotto's swag, that's that shit I don't like.
Money May
It's so weird when people say I disagree with everything you just said!
and then halfdisagree with a quarter of what you actually said.
welcome back!
Glad you're doing well.
Jamal to LA all day!!
I hear ya!!
Jammin that legendary flow while sketchin these urban doctorams, and blowin on that stank.
is attending the 2011 Federal Librarians' Networking Symposium at the Library of Congress!
Come visit me at the TRAK booth!
The good news is that no one would think the person that wrote that had enough money worth suing for!
it's when you doctorw a really tiny but detailed steering wheel on your thumb, duh!
Jeez Risa welcome to the 21st century
Listening to the live version of 41, my fav DMB song.
Live vers turns into a 20 min jam.
Russell Westbrook pull up.
What's with all these horse faced bitches?
Hooray for good weather!
It's going to be a beautiful day at Marion St.!
Come meet us in the garden for planting, weeding,and coffee!
suck it
I sent you the pics...
check ur email
Oh, AND the mighty Prism Quartet.
when is there not a disturbing situation in Arkansas?
Arkansas is a disturbing situation.
I look forward to watching, cheers!
ALL FOUR YAT GROUPS ALMOST FULL FOR THE SPRING SIGN UP NOW at www.yatkids.org 3176145057 ACTING CLASSES for k12th graders
wut do u remember most of ur high school years?
20thingsaboutme 12.
My favorite color is purple.
This dude that sits next to me is so weird!
I miss you, too!
so sad about the licks.
i wonder how yosh is taking it?
totally scored that on gnome night at Petco Park.
Straight up ballin'!
Now go read!
: Learned about the free online tool Storify for digital storytelling, new attendees workshop.
Storify.com
wat u doing
Run into a health reporting barrier?
can mobilize to knock it down, said And they have a track record!
All I'm saying is where Uthoff ends up is newsworthy.
Which is why I passed it along and didn't let the story die, as you hope.
a party ain't a party, til I walk in
When you sell a quality you don't have to soft sale with guarantees of FREE trials.
A proven track records  recommendations do the selling.
Damn, did I say SF doctormmer Jon Avery?
Ack!
It's Jon Arkin.
Sorry bout dat!
I love his poetry!
They are great celebrations of seasons and nature.
Also Arroz Con Leche by Jorge Argueta
oh my goodness
ditto, let's get together during Christmas break
: U can tell a lot about a women by her heels
I remember why I got to like the sound of rain with the tv off...
I used to have DirectTv.
When my phone sends messages twice 
Girls are so shallow.
Commercial Free coming up at 6:30.
Hit us up for requests at 8779991015
o wow...datz what's up..
was that not the most horrendously unceremonious thing you've ever witnessed?
Jeez.
Congrats !!!
The PIT is lucky to have you, always has been.
All the best on the new gig!
The name of the game is taking care of yourself, because you're going to live long enough to wish you had.
Grace Mirabella
LOVE them!
Char Sui Chicken  Poke are my fav!
: Super excited for Hawaiian eats at Ono Kine Grindz tonight.
Im tired :o
I miss you bestie :
watching Toy Story 2 with Jade for the 300th time LOL
That moment of self esteem boot when you see someone that used to call you fat and now you're skinny and they're fat.
Auditioning tomorrow for a scripted reality show.
4th time I've been called in for show.
I'm doing something right, just not right enough!
if you had a choice of a super power, what would it be?.
Come out to Central Market at Westgate today from 11a1p!
Heather will be there giving away some great prizes so come out and say hello!
If you did think so, you probably wouldn't!
It's because you think you could do more that you're probably doing enough.
If I had a dime for every time someone told me that........
I swear to GOD that Bieber is a girl.
One so far made the National team our heavyweight Kellie Fairbanks.
Very proud of her!!!!!
One more to go
Love is when you tell a guy that you like his shirt then he wears it everyday.
LOL
Cake cake CAKE !
power outage at work today.
Despite lack of electricity, all of my books remained on and readable
Thanks to everyone that attended Mastermind the GSA Schedule Process!
WHERE IS MY JOHNNY CASH SHIRT I ORDERED A WEEK AGO !!!!!!!!!!!!

anxiety is just anticipation  fear.
Replace the fear with joy, and you have excitement.
In theory.
Agreed.
Did you read down to the comments section?
One person was ID'ing each poster, 1 by 1.
I always spent all the school vacations in PHX and I always liked it better
idk.....you might not O.O
started my RosettaStone tuts.
Back to bilingual!
I much prefer instant gratification too...
Will come in handy for F.P./Bob doctornjapalooza RT : Parting gift from the blog team, which is the best team.
.
We heart you guys too!
Keep making an impact in the community!
cheers to you and all you do!
:
Now or never.
Tomorrow's not promised
when you coming to the A?
We hope everyone had a great wknd!
The party doesn't have to end, Check out www.WOMhouse.com for new events, kids camps, classes and more!
What happened to this big winter storm SD was to get today??
What a letdown!
What is the best Sport Compact
My brother still wants too eat more !!
:p
I just came to from a wine and Turkey coma to hear my pal on the flash back weekend !
awesome to hear her back on the air!
kindle will not turn on.
not great that i put my entire calendar in there, plus notes on novel and stories.
you can look at the menu, you just can't dine
just take a breath!
Are you sure you should be tweeting about this?
;
If most people complain that life is too short, why do we take so much time to start living it?
RT : Sharon I just packed some from Colorado for you.
See you later this afternoon!
Thx Ben!
Hey  I've got swag.
Pretty good!
They chase each other around.
Minimal hissing.

excited to see who signs up for the social46 Most Connected SuperBowl ever!
I love and but is such an angel sent down from heaven with such an AMAZING VOICE luv u!!!
RT : Who matters in a democracy?
Voters/consumers/citizens.A leader never loses touch w/ grassroots
I feel like dying
Bill Belichek for ExLax.
it was the best soup I may have ever tasted EVER ;
looking forward to today's show!
is reading Leadership Blueprint by doctor Paul Hersey and ASTD Mobile Leanring Research 2012.
I few surprises that I will post soon.
CHOKING ON MY WINE THANKS
I'm well, thanks.
Good morning!
RT : Memphis is literally raping the Clippers right now.
and that is an understatement smh
You have SWAG ; And an AMAZING voice33 I hope you notice me someday....3
I don't think so either, but it was hard not to explain on this account why it hit me so hard.
I'm so craving a pickle right now...
Ezine editor: in 1997 real poets wouldn't let you publish their work on the Internet if you were on fire  only that could save you.

let me get on that list.
If you enjoy Rock Pop music from Southern California follow They follow back!
I love new music,check out Nextdoor?
Ok.
I'm going to throw myself into my gardening for the rest of the dayshut my mind up for a bit.
Happy Monday!
yup!
Home sweet home for 3 days then my vacation starts!
Yang shut up
I 3 my sister
oh shit that's my birthday then devises a plot for the skeezers
The 44 Taylor Knapp Vesrah Suzuki GSXR 1000 bike goes down in superbike qualifying round 1  catches fire.
Taylor seems fine...
A tradition can be cultural.
A habit can be a tic.
My pleasure GS.
I can't believe people are still using them.
You would think they would know by now.
Metta World Peace suspended for 7 games.
Starts with the Lakers next game, April 26, vs.
Sacramento.
I hope so too!
3 people just came into my job talking about how it raped them.
lol
People have a good time sober?
Is that possible?
Quesadillas for the fiesta tomorrow: complete.
What about artisinal cachaca?
You can almost taste the brazilian sun, water and soil.
friday is finally here!
Hope everyone has a great one;
What was your favorite commercial from the Super Bowl last night?
:nothing to show for these dead end doctorams You've got yourself,Your voice  your guitar.
Thats all you really need to show!
saw that  no way.
She's Gotta buy 1 at a place that sells bottoms  tops separate, shop by cup size  underwires
Is it weird to be still be sexually attracted to a blast from the past??
Lol o.O
thanks for the reminder kelda!!!
Steve Novak is the master of the Discount Triple Check
Good thing I'm a morning person.
IfITellYou i love you, will you promise to love me too?
3
i can only think the answer to that is himself
I concur.
Dam I really am a boy/GIRL lol RT : heck no if so im beyond depressed hahaha
Thank you very much!
Clippers look like they may be in trouble
I'm so confused its whatever :p
Being at work today at Elitch Gardens makes me that much more excited to be a mom.
The kids in KiddieLand are so cute and having a blast!
Thinking about ASG ethics.
just here.
And why do you have to stay up all night?
:O
New updates are loaded to the site!
Check it out!
http:www.Inkdt.com
and ya im so happy that you told me wat to do to stop me from sending ppl spam and thanks again :
Baby smiles.
Think about that when you're down.
Start it up!!!!
Day 2 on set, playing a flight attendant for the new Asahi Beer commercial!!
I know this is 2 days late, but you are my hero.
Carbloaded and sleepy.
Half n the AM 
I'm an exception for almost everything.
I am so specialzzzz
rants and raves
Just saw the worst call ever made at first base in the Rockies vs dodgers game
Happy Birthday
I don't want someone who tweets in a foreign language...
or do I?
Maybe that's a great way to learn a new language!
:
hELL NAW...
i JUST BE SLEEP
That is more than awesome!
I remember writing a song with like a year ago.
We wrote it in a record of like 4 minutes.
I have lost all respect for my mom.
Ps that's my first  tweet!
I'm just going to doctorve around and hope I get lucky.
Healing Unleashed will be launching a new functional medicine program in the New Year.
Call us and find out more about it.
3039860492
So is lavender the new black?
Everyone seemed to be wearing it yesterday.
I'll be praying for you're family angel sorry to hear about you're mom :
What is doctorcula's favorite fruit?
Necktarines.
Who is coming out to the beer garden tonight???
It will definitely be a beer filled night of fun.
Baltimore Baltimore
:D it was nice wasn't it?
Getting our web typography on: In Your w/ Jake Archibald, frontend designer of
First Friday in Fountain Square this weekend.
Check out Elvis Mires' Rock'n'Roll art at Funkyard 1114 E.
Prospect Street, Indy, IN.
It's snowing!
39 degrees in the studio and eight inches of snow from yesterday, things will be heating up in there today!
really making some bold predictions there....
Haa
hope to see you again soon!
Lots to tell you about!
my kudos to ya!
been thinkin of doin the same.
:
It's hard not to stare at 3
pringles a staple every where
I like those cuts some boys make in their eyebrows.
That's pretty sexy, i'll admit.
She bended down, and seductively whispered in my ear saying, Melissa, I'm horny.
Ahaha, I love her 33
I think there might be a full 76trombones passing by outside my office.
Oh, Patriot's Day.
Yup!
Pretty much every Thursday.
T minus three hours until they open.
I'll be there at 5:30 or so.
ac
RT: Never lose your cool...
Think about things before you speak.
Great effort Sam 
we see you showing love to the crew with the Get Her record buck mixed and prouced it
Really big point there.
Never settle  it's right or it's not.
Look inside, you'll know.
yep.
If this were NCAA they'd be bowl ineligible until 2050.
Just ridiculous.
that's why I took your love away
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks.
Good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything...
Somebody hacked my fucking twitter account.
This is bullshit.
Stupid nerds
hey girls Starbucks is having happy hour from 35 starting today I believe, so half price fraps : love you
have you never been before?
You know if it is Gigi's favorite Thai food it must be good.
Finding a vehicle is so hard..
I can name prolly more than 15 rappers better than Tyga
Happy Mother's Day to all those beautiful moms that have raised us.
I came from the bottom the top is the only way I can go
if all the cool kids are twittering, what is everyone else up to?
How goes life?
Hope you are doing well!
Isaiah 43:1 Dont be afraid, for I have ransomed you, I have called you by name, you are mine.
Gonna try to catch Brandon's Twitter class tomorrow!
Hope I can make it
Love getting up early on Monday's to plan and prep for the week.
That's my secret to hitting the ground running.
What's yours?
only if you're holding a bottle of mustard menacingly
hehe : Heart you back.
Happy birthday, from my now awake self.
Waiting for Nirvana was ridiculous.
Pop music is MALL MUSIC.
Great bands get overlooked because industry is LAZY.
started at 6 stopped at 7.
I got bored and had better things to do :o
22.5 MI on the bike yesterday, may as well go for it again today
: Had fun yesterday wit n /must do again
at the same damn time!
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.78
Let's say it's true.
He stops circling the car, you're afraid, but you get out anyway and follow the person you're afraid of?
Correction: June 19 release.
Can't a guy get some reliable information on the internet anymore?
I can't tel and um idk...
Ask luci
I hate being woken up!!
But il let this one slide cause it was my mom waking me up telling me she was gonna take me shopping 
I needed to know how long my run was in terms of feet, Wolfram Alpha was finally useful!
Hey , welcome to D.C.
You like earthquakes and hurricanes, right?
If so, we have a treat for you!
here I come :
Today I saw a homeless man sitting on a fire hydoctornt knitting a pink and purple scarf.
MLINY
Wow!
That would have been so incredible to witness!
It is delightful to transport one's self into the spirit of the past, to see how a wise man has thought before us.
Johann W.
von Goethe
happy birthday :
Malea Powell talking about stories being sometimes painful to tellbut also real, and they matter.
DALN sees this in our submissions
If Plan A didn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Underground Wonderbar, Mondays.
Help you remember what joy is like, in case you've lost the thread.
Where can you get a taco and a pirated movie?
At the roach coach Tacos Al Vapor.
No bueno.
por las que AMAMOS A MILEY
Just saw a tweet that said 'Katy can sing live better than Adele.' What world are you living in?!?
doctornk more water and your skin and nails will flourish!!
Can you follow me first:
I got like 7 and a kitten xD
be having them doing the weirdest, freakiest sounds ever for a long time too
TAURUS Text me to book your FREE BIRTHDAY PARTY any Friday this upcoming month!
414.335.9569 HBD
I think we can work something out.
Where are you based?
The early bird gets the worm  'Nuff Said  I'm sleeping in.....
Great people talk about ideas.
Small people talk about others.
We all make stupid choices in life but it is up to us to learn from it and make self better off of the new founded knowledge
She's MN's own Swiss Miss!
See if that was a Honeycrisp William Tell shot off his son's head.
I like to go out in the world, pitch my tent, meet new folks, create my world.
But home, my real home feels like a box to me, suffocating.
yea we just got done revamping some recipes.
Turned the hops way up on a lot of the ipas and pales.
I'm gonna walk with my Grandaddy and he'll match me step for step
waiting on to call me, and thinking I want another cookie chocolate chip cookie and sandwhich from
Colin Firth you've got to know the enemy great quote from incredible artist  he is so right !
And you thought the Crusades ended in the 15th century, didn't ya?
C'mon people now, Smile on your brother Ev'rybody get together Try and love one another right now, by The Youngbloods
RT : I honestly can't recall the last time I had butterflies in my tummy.
It's been awhile.
Heading home with a surprisingly nice day for the 1st of November
Absolutely.
i never believed it was about libraries or supporting library lending.
Heal your spirit with music...
I wanted to throttle phone lady.
I think she was eating carrotsit was a moist  crunchy noise.
Installation is tomorrow!
Go see my group show at galleryblacklagoon Friday night!
Just registered for the Chicago Women's HalfMarathon!
fuck good for tonite KARMA : jersey bay.
I like beck's hair!
:
Sorry Native American dance, I can't write about you because all I care about is Roger Sterling.
Bye now.
What?A member of the press bashing a ref?
RT : Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Conrade Hilton
More construction around the park, don't let it stop you from visiting us!
feat.
in this month's ELLE.Great article about Gabby's work and her new book.Big speaking tour in Fall!
DM us
okay bro well we've been bothers by choice for so long yet you're on this doctorma that really hasnt been around for awhile
People walking down the street singing to themselves with no headphones on creep me out.
Thanks for joining us!
RT edUIconf folks were smart, friendly, going places.
Thanks for a good time and the courtesies of
my 14 year old describes the El Anatsui as dense...one of his top three favorites
Going out tonit
iUseToThink the and its agenda was out to get me until I found out they actually are trying to preserve mankind
: I'm glad I can have an idgaf attitude about the situation  ??
Hey MD, can we get some antiidiot legislation to quell the ungrounded notions of ?
Let's put that to referendum
we're glad you're here!
Welcome to the coworking crew!

l  i think im falling for him :
8pm tonight and Essex Winter Series in Deep River, CT tomorrow 3pm
ThingsICantLiveWithout A warm wool sweater.
Religious individuals don't believe in evolution.
wonderful to have so many members of the media join us for the launch of 100 Flags for 100 Years.
they were just jealous.
Watching from last night so awesome!!
I love this show!
Hey guys thank you so much to everyoen who gave me shoutouts i love you all xx
I come here atleast 5 times a week, if you people at the front desk can't remember my face by now you don't deserve your damn job....
Aww my poor babay is sick..
Get better : LOVE YOU
Take heart, you are not alone!
That is the only comfort I enjoy at present.
RT : If you cant accommodate the way students want to learn, theyll find a college that can.
Today Is Gonna Be A Struggle For me!
RT : bartab will be undergoing maintenance for a short time as we update our platform  stay tuned for a big announcement!
Hey, I think my son's Yelp rating just lost a star cc
massaging my nose .
I smell PR
I'm wondering...
RT : gives parenting ideaslimiting kids' allowed bandwidth for punishment and reward :
Always enjoy watching the MTV woodies.
SXSW is a must next year.
Thanks for the RT!
Conference Twitter
That moment when you have to return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie.
Dont play with me because i know i can play better than you Sorry :
the doctornk or the bartender?
Fifty Shades of Grey was a nickname we called our grandfather.
did I do it?
If we shadows have offended, Think but this, and all is mended....
Sad, but so glad to see Pujols continue to struggle, especially against the
I love vintage stuff!
After being bumped last week, I will be on Good Morning America today during second hour.
Stay tuned...
i love facebook but twitter should come in the business of stock trading it would be successfully
My bad KOBB or whatever it's called.
If you a true fan, then you rock with ONE team..
I am really good at making sandwiches.
So if you are looking for a freelance consultant in that field, I am your man.
haha.
dont do it.
okcupid surely only leads to worsening yr depression.
I'm coming for that Nicholl Fellowship!
My favorite screenplay is Network by Paddy Chayefski.
So smart and honest.
Tiny chewy Sweet Tarts.
.
just said that Aaron Craft followed Kevin Pankos into the shower after GonzagaOSU game.
Nice analogy.
Your face makes me uncomfortable.
When your guy friends take your fone and text your ex saying come back to me baby i miss you
Residents cleaning up after the flood in Turner.
The water damaged nearly 100 homes.
My live report at 11p.
volume of page visitors
Half day tomorrow :
have been thinking a lot about tulum lately.
so ready for an adventure!
what's next?!?!
miss you both!
That's a great one  for any industry really.

Lol, no...I would twit pic it, but I ain't like that...lol
do you think it's skunked now?
:
: Man say that 2x I feel you on that indeed but aye we go win that's all that matters to me :
Social Network screening w at Sony.
QA with David Fincher and Jesse Eisenberg after :
just saw in yr old tweets that it's the Tim Parks piece.
Which I can find...sorry, I sound like a stalker.
mental image: zombies with curly smell lines
started recording tonight with Vandarth.
Dan did awesome.
enjoyed your talk!
Thanks, Ted!
I GAVE THEM BACK!
D: I shoulda just have them to Alan c:
I'm not really interested in your lecture on indifference, but you know whatgo ahead.
YouDeserveToBeSingle if you a cheater!
If you gonna cheat, why don't you just stay single in tha first place?!?
Wondercon was fun, but definitely just a warm up for SDCC.
hit me when you get a chance
Just realized its pouring outside.
In the last week it's rained more than it did all last year.
I really wanna walk an endless road with you!
oh boy, that does take the cake...
Matt Kemp ...
Best and most complete player in the MLB right now.
still very undecided on the new winnipeg jets logo.
whats your opinion
This struck me: The media you use make no difference at all to learning...
The evidence has been around for more than 50 years.
Yes!!!Thunder win game 2!!!
Holy chimama, thank u i can breathe now
Okay this weekend i get paid ima buy the tickets for pitbull.
what kind of seats do you want.?
COOL STORY BRAAH.
If you are anywhere near Seattle, you have to get a cupcake from Cupcake Royale.
They are simply the best!!
I'm not even sure I know what's going on anymore.
Have fun!
Wish I could be in Montreal right now
that sucks I hope it's not really swine.
doctornk lots of fluids idk feel better!
No, the 2010 vendor gallery is no longer available.
Our Ward 6 town hall meeting with tonight starts at 6:30 at the Atlas Performing Arts Center at 1333 H Street NE
: I call one dumb idea dumb and look at what it's provoked from you.
I'm the mean spirited namecaller?
OK.
Now is strapping bags in empty seats to lighten the luggage load in back.
I changed my twitter name so all the dumb bitches from my school will quit following me.
A day to remember
strapped with 2 nines and they call me
Savings Tip  use laundoctor clips instead of bag clips you can find about 50 of them for 1 at dollar tree.
seems better than flatting a 3bet then jamming over a committing cbet with 33 on a QJ5 board.
wtfphil?
Lightening struck, we're down!
RT : Oh, thunder!
same here
where can I get a push notification for the Peyton Decision?
when does school start back up for everyone?!
seriously, no US dates?
not even a secret show?
please send good luck tweets to our salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week!
We are sharing the tweets with them!
Beer time at Fearless Brewing.
Glocks, shotguns, and a sks were a blast to shoot.
I'm on page 25 of an RFP and still no description of the project.
We provide all the tech you need for trial: tablet/notebook,projectors,routers,printers, scanners,power  cabling,camera,video,  more!
By POPULAR DEMAND, we now carry Mendo Afgoo Wax, insanely potent!
Bubba Kush Hash, Super Berry Queen Hash, Orange Kush Kief WEEDMAPS.com ;
does that mean Louisville 3rd?
Still thinking about the impact of the Sean Bell case.
Was honored to help tell his story.
I thank all involved.
Oh!
going downstairs LOL
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Benjamin Franklin
for sure!
Any suggestions on Milwaukee Brewers gear I should get for my collection?
Got 25 jerseys, canvas prints, auto pics balls  bats,  30 hats
ha ha!
Never fear!
No hope of that!
If I do, wil eat cake  regain :
Happy Monday!
I'm glad to get back in the swing of things after a long weekend.
Enjoy!
Jesus music is good for the soul
10 win for the Timbers!
Excellent result in the Cascadia Cup and playoff race.
My kryptonite?
Being ignored!
Throwing a temper tantrum now....
stomping feet...
huffing and puffing...
Can't wait for that game to start!
Have a great day..
40 Food Trucks from throughout the State of Florida battling for 5 prestigious awards: Food Truck Wars March 31st Central Florida
I love old fashioned dating.
Like going out to dinner at a fancy restaurant...
Sometimes I wonder if girls miss that these days.
awww, you're just, the loveliest 
Just walked through my building tootin' a dog whistle, best stress relief I've had in awhile..
Who knew those things actually worked
Welcome back to Milwaukee Kirk...we've missed you.
regional media directing, cold calls, Hdoctor editing, project planning.
there is no time to sleep or use a bathroom.
Np.
Just making sure you got the email.
O now it's on like a lonely chicks vibrator!
SimonBorgThinks both Travon and Zimmerman are innocent...
is back...
just wasnt his time..
lets go...
Or: Thinking third parties could ever work in firstpastthepost systems.
That speaking of bullshit...oh, hey Dwight!
transition was beautiful.
two frozen thumbs up to the naughty valentine!!!
Gotta love paying French taxes when I don't even live there anymore.
Hollande better give me the right to vote!
haha
it's literally a square of buildings that is surrounded by streets on all sides I LOVE NEW YORK
just downloaded it.
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
time to celebrate yet??!!
oops!
We were supposed to have our first coaching session today at 2 PM hope everything is OK.
Get in touch plz
Shout out to all of our brethren who have traveled to the Portland area.
Show 'em the Blue Hell tomorrow night!
So you wouldn't do anything because there is a point, see the contradiction?
LOL!
Like I said.
NBC called it boarding ahem
Sorry!
I can't Wed.
We have a pharmacy librarian candidate here  I'm on assignment at 2.
Would after spring break work?
Yes, my books are widely available.
Harper's offering a special deal on EPIC FAIL right nowonly 2.99 for the ebook version!
me too!
RT ill still liove her if she is gay tbh
aw ok ok wat u doin tumarro fool u aint been fckn wit me or nun
Make sure to check your email!
Our Newsletter featuring has been sent out!
sushi  wine homie let's go!!!!!
Emma Bunton feels the school run pressure  MadeForMums
Academia amazes me in its ability to make mundane things, like making decisions, incredibly intricate.
In other news, SO excited to see Facebook Executive Steve Biddle tomorrow at the Cincinnati AdClub's luncheon!
Check out our website at recovery4autism.org for more information on our upcoming celebrity event.learn how to get involved how to attend.
Isn't that every day?
: RT : It's a green chile cheeseburger kind of day!
It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
oh my gosh right?
we are brutal to each other!
lmao
BUT on the plus side, Toyota's idea of a loaner car is a brand new 2012 Camister Hybrid.
The amount I don't deserve to doctorve it is maximum.

good looking trailer.
I'll want to see this film for sure!
Best of luck!
Learning about social media at the IFA
Ashton would die.
let it be 3
You guys!
I am so proud of myself.
I just got home from the doctors and I have lost 8lbs in the last 5 weeks.
Swaggy
N don't get me wrong kobes one of my fav player just bring facts when u talk no one is a great last second shooter except for melo
Just had a 20 minute conversation with in the middle of Santa Monica Blvd.
I love LA.
Emergency for a new phone charger, Pronto.
well guess what I'm marrying josh hutcherson.
too bad I only came within 500 feet of him this weekend.
bahhhhaaaa....well now you know : so how have u been?
Awesome!
Happy Birthday :
all I needed was a little push...now I'm excited :
Sun Also Rises and Sheltering Sky.
Tweet me your favorite thing to do in Boston!
Go!!
two reasons he went to brown and chewed out tom bradys ass on tv.
People see brown as having education and chew out discipline
...
after heels lose 2morrow u can write a human interest piece for about your broinlaws magic bracket :
im very sorry to hear that.
finally got my beats headphones today!!!
:D they're so comfortable.
Thank you!!!!
Skip your morning coffee and buy a lemonade instead!
Amazing little girl changing the world one lemonade at a time!
The October Eight
uh that's pretty bad.
Are you sure that this is the person you want administering doctorgs to someone and being responsible for care?
Why are people surprised at high rates of PPD when they want to shame moms into staying home to BF?
Moms need to go out too..
The feeling is mutual :
aww that sucks.
but yeah dont watch it yet!
hahaha, its worth the wait :D
May you days bloom like flowers every day
Great advice  thanks!
RT : screaming time when you both scream and giggle, all other times are no scream time
likewise!
you are a born leader and God is working!!!
Rich Rayburn of NARA on databases: they should tease the user with just enough information.
Too many Z's in the addoctorss, Bro  but your professorle pic is awesome enough that I'll let it slide!
I know right!
Seems like it's spinning into something more serious instead of being funny like it was before
IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt 3
Great movie.
Some rumors parts of it were embellished.
Those days when you dont want to get up
Thanks for the follow and support
Not as sad as me finding out that Engelbert Humperdinck is the UK representative at Eurovision this year!!!x
lol but shouldnt we wait for hornymahomie!??!?!?
she told us to wait lol
does that mean your license has expired?
Who was the greatest president in American history?
I would say George Washington because of what he didn't do
It's a good point.
Hamilton needs to stop hitting home runs, start aiming for those gaps!
you know it!
I love you so much!
3
Well, through 6 Oscars awards, I am only 50...
So, I could be wrong!
Hey everybody...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE THANK YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
thank you for letting you listeners discover the power of the arts it was a pleasure to join you this morning
against Nuggets?
I do not see your tweets often, but when I do I think they are the best and funiest on twitter and you make me smile.
did you stop following me Rachelle bobby Howard
I fucking miss the shit out of :
what are your plans for next Thursday?
I've never tweeted like this before :O
Man...just heard about MCA.
RIP man...
Beastie Boys was my foray into this life...
Paul Revere all night long.
Finally back to normal.
Thank you, God.
They are taking away my phone for the screening of What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Darn.
Girl: I have a question for you.
Boy: Ok.
Girl: What do you see when you look into my eyes?
Boy: My future.
Ah, sadly not really.
Anthology restored at least one of his films recently, so maybe you can cajole someone into renting a print!
Between that and abortion, we're extinct.
Great VERGECON conference, !
Thanks for mentions
The best thing about fangirling is looking forward to something.
:
btw, you can't say no unless you have a really good reason.
Hehe
Someone should take me to prom!
do it fast!!!
maybe...
what kind of gardening data?
Loved the event last night!
Looking forward to the rest of the WI Science Festival.
that's only cause I tweet you!
Lol.
you did follow me?!
Thank you thank you thank you :D
Nah!
Just Let me borrow your folding bridge or car with pedestrian shovel and we'll call it even.
I miss texting the same person everyday and getting cute texts....ugh
The CTRE's Friday Faculty Fest was fantastic last week!
Thanks to all who attended.
Just wanted to thank you for adding me to your list for socialmedia types : Stay well!
Talk soon!
There's no hope in dope.
TABLELongterm credit ratings for Kazakhstan banks
Just built computer with Intel's Sandy Bridge I7 2600k CPU.
Wow, fast!
Only 4 cores it still beat Intel's 980x 6 core CPU in some tests.
Does a gate have to open or is a gate something that defines space?
i really miss you.....
you gotta get married ..
Which I mean is t too bad...
about 8 months ago I asked you for advice.
I was just starting, no money,15, and spamming everywhere.
I hit you up with that
Probably not.
I'm not sure I can make NY  I took this term off from teaching and everything i tight.
;
lmao....NO MORE FOR ME!!
Letting go of everything I've been holding onto.
Just invented the word broner.
Still working on the definition.
yea they're loads of fun!
wait u gonna unfriend me on fb?
nope still cnt find a fuk 2 give!
/
that's awesome, I wish him the best of luck and will do anything to help out
Tomas Alfredson, Joe Cornish, Duncan Jones, and Cary Fukunaga were all also shortlisted for the job.
We can all blame XMen for this.
five feet into the grocery store and already someone failed to keep moving or get out of the way
Lol : Adolph Rupp was presented with the Adolph Rupp Trophy last night.
Here's video of the presentation
All set for my first Pecha Kucha presentation tonight!
What a wild ride it will be.
HA Travel  Coaching Schedule: San Antonio TX March 812; Illinois  Indiana April 1217; North Carolina April 2022
heard you spent some time in Dallas.
What part?
What school did you go to?
please follow me?: my life would be MADE!
3 in the morning get it poppin in the parking lot
what are you watching
I will be blues jamming in Denver, CO on Sunday, March 18th.
Details to follow soon!
hey the Sunday 9p show at the Lex Venue is official.
Bring your crew.
I'm done working for today, so i'm heading back to chicago, i want to chil with a beautiful girl tonight.
time to get that in the works.
:It's annoying that Facebook bought instagram.Now it's going to suck and be full of 50 year olds, weddings and babies.I quit.
People all over the world...
join hands!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: As with the rest of this beautiful life, you usually get more in family law with sugar than with vinegar.
Making.It.Happen.
Make sure you Link and Build with
lol you silly
This week has had literally some of the nicest days
255.
Don't get it twisted.
7 catches
Oh sake
Cant sleep who's up???
Hey , come play for the man.
WE WON'T BOO YOU HERE.
I had a doctoram about you!
Have a good night, Anita.
: I hope your last camshow of the night was great!
agreed!
Thinking outside the box helps to build brand identity.
you have brown hair :  :P
Third time we've beat Cathedoctorl...hahaha
ah yes of course.
Sometimes I hold up my glass of wine and look at you through the glass like a magic window.
enjoyed my first experience with Firehouse Red tonight!
Try it soon.
I got you RT : follow me:
2 chainz  No Lie ft.
doctorke .
This goes hard.
Ill definitely be bumping to this in the car!
Playing games
seamless iPhone app really starting to bug me!
Lame non ability to cancel bag items, or order,nor view order history...
just tuned into lifeclass and already crying
I've been working like crazy and have no time to do anything...but 70 degree weather makes just about anything okay.
only because girls aren't happy unless they're being materialistic
I'm still using the old Twitter.
Does that make me Amish?
Had a really long, busy day today.
Don't forget to request Rosella on 88.7 WJCU!
Ctown!
Turn on and listen to your local authority
Getty bf and u will be happy
On a different note, who knew that Roy Hodgson was capable of winning at Anfield?
Thanks for the S.O appreciate the love bro.
THIS!
: I haven't been this confused on why America was still voting since Taylor Hicks won American Idol...
FF people I RT this week and some other people but whatever check my feed if you're that interested
If you can't believe in yourself, believe in ME!!
Preston Dynasty Realty...
Powerful and Definitely Rich!
Live The Good Life.
The Ides of March....
Hm
Sampling today westgate in austin.
Making delish coffee cocktails till 3pm.
See ya there!
hahaha dan its all fault right?
: new york is not all what people think it is..
Yeah it is
Possession: MCFC 81 QPR 19.
Wow.
Says it all.
Well done this season.
Enjoy being called The Champions.
Let's take a gallop poll and see what everybody thinks.
Change of plans!
We're planning on doing our video review of Khan BBQ on Saturday.
Are you working that evening, too?
I think there is an element of personal responsibility when checking in.
We're all about people meeting, so checking
How you gone talk shit about someone and be their best friend the next day...
What's up union station!!
Is it just me or has it been a whole since we've seen eachother?
Window opens at 11:15
I dont think so  its all ages im quite positive!
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Will Rogers
Proud to announce that JBCreative will be working on another project with the amazing Watch this space for more details!
LA what's going on tonight?
No plans on a Friday night!
Ugh im so sick!
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
: According to some article sis read, he's playing...
somewhere, I forget, in an independent league.
Happy Friday to you, Holly!
Are you getting ready for your big trip?!
are done!
Contests to everyone you deserve it.
Motivating :
lol I haven't eaten though 
: got my ballot...and you got my vote.Thanks for your support good brother!
06!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
Big Match up against GOING FOR THE BIG LEAD SWEEP!
none go to bed
For the first time in decades, now available, the music of St.
Germain: L'incostanza Delusa Suite.
Check it out on the iTunes store today!
Because they gave everything they had on/off the court while wearing the jersey..always proud of that
Yea I'll be there.
Thats would be awesome!
Thanks you.
Your blatantly handist rhetoric is uncalled for.
I feel so lonely
Do hate and love live in the same house?
Domestic Workers United Workshop
I listen to music the entire time in in 3rd and 4th period
Great performance on Carson Daley!
This is the first time I have heard you play.
I am moving to Austin soon and I'm excited
You are welcome!
It was fun.
Have a great night!
the sun began to shine just as you teeeted that
Buying stuff at the store CASHIER: Are you buying all these?
: ME: No, I'm stealing them.
I just wanted to show you first.
anyone have a spare google invite?
!
i want in!
some chris brown song

TREP Club Rockin Music Video  On May 20th, 2012 at 4:00pm  FAB Studios 6167 Memorial doctorve, Unit C, Stone Mountain, GA 30086
As much as I will be sad to see depart from NYC, one side effect is going out with a bang.
Tonight: Nobu.
Please tell me more about how your so excited for coachella...oh wait I forgot no one cares!
No.
Maybe they'll keep a TV in the press box for you guys.
An arenawide announcement wouldn't surprise me though.
Monday SpecialYucatan Shrimp Taco 3.85: Achiote marinated shrimp topped with pineapple and avocado salsa.
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger  Buddha
ME3 insanity difficulty on my 360 up next as well as playing through ME2 and ME3 on my PS3.
Jason Giambi is the definition of jowly.
Knowing whats right doesnt mean much unless you do whats right.
Theodore Roosevelt RT
A BIG thank you to everyone who wrote letters on behalf of The Newark Mosaic.
Thanks for your support, it means a lot to me.
Why in the hell am i still awake.
I'm really hoping Scott Hetsko will tell us there will be no rain tonight in the ROC I just washed my car!
climbin the White House!
And its all on me
what's up hunn
: Y'all ready to watch what happens on DWTS ?????
Hope I stay on guys.
ready!!!
I mean, I'm going to do some research, and you don't have a mfm reader, so I'll bring my own?
All doctornks with the exception of Red Bull are ONLY 2 after 8pm tonight!
Check out WZAP AM 690 today, 9/15/11 at 10:15 AM!
I will be interviewing, and discussing my music and more!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!
Love you guys!
Artist 4 Custom Beats Email Me  With A Request!
Also Check Out The Beats On MY SC  SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Mayweather vs Pacquiao MAKE IT HAPPEN
think of fashion  you'll never be bored
Happy New Year From Me  The Team Join Us 2nite West Orange County12270 W Colonial doctorzip 34748 C U THER
: Rev Franklin Graham apologizes to President Obama for questioning his faith
Day in the life of Administrator: coffee, answer 50 emails, coffee, answer H.R.
question, coffee, resolve computer glitch, move paper, 11 am
indeed one big room full of bad bitches lls!!!!!!!!!!
Be honest, have any of you already broken your New Years resolution?
Off to Monterrey, Mexico!!
Heeeyy there!
Miss you too.
Well where have you been hiding?
thank you Autumn!
Happy New Year!
Does anyone know about the unlv festival or something like that going on tonight??
how r u and Dom?
Missing was a great show.
Sad it won't be back.
I might have a girl crush on
Smuts r gods greatest creation!
my pleasure!
looking forward to checking it out.
do I get to pick which ones?
Oh well.
Good night Twitter.
Good night beautiful world.
I'll see you in the morning.
Be good to yourselves and those around you.
We just got our accredidation from the Better Business Bureau :
gutsy pick maybe he can have a debut like Castro
Bullshit.
Got to give a couple of bucks.
Dinner at my absolute favorite spot and sadly our last night
and can I get a hug from u guys tomorrow at the House Of Blues?
You can be anything you want to be, if you only believe
Ron Paul might preach the gospel of hard money but his campaign had a 2.2 million credit card bill between May and December.
I need to find something to do tonight !
Happy Friday!
Wonder what's on the agenda today?
Put Kobe on the bench plz.....
OKC!
I'd call it necrositions.
get it then fella!!!!
LMAO u should have said u were diggin' Cristine and she smelled super yummythat's why!!!!
Here we go.
Today I graduate high school.
A bit nervous, but ready I suppose.
I can't believe the day is here!
:S
despite being a librarian, I teach 5 classes a day so time is limited.
: Long list!
They say the fist stage of recovery is acceptance...Hello, my name is and I'm addicted to
Whos wants to hangout???
:
have fun tonight :
after all of these years we are just now following each other?
Our designs will go out for printing with in the next week or so!
I hope you and everybody else are as excited as we are!
Finally got into SLJ site to read ALA candidates' statements only to find that they misspelled 's name.
2 Rs as in Ringo
hell yeah shout out to krit thats my dude right there bc im here in the south and they bumpin krit down here
good to have you back give me a call once u r settled
Hospitals would save themselves a ton of money if they could figure out how to send one bill for all charges  all family members.
jus maintaining.
How r u?
i g2g to bed night
Red or F3?
Happy Birthday Cuz may God bless you with many more
Was just told that I shine like a star
If a person doesn't want to be with you anymore, dont ask questions.
Just let it go and they'll realize they lost something good
HappyMemorialDay Thank you to all the men  women who have served our country!
how u doing
That final question has me in tears.
Disgusted and LIVID.
you can never have too much of a heart.
:
Happy birthday may the year to come be more magical than the one passing.
Finally, Obama!
Worst.
Super.
Bowl.
Ever.
Ahsumm.
RT : I see that someone found my blog by searching taking the PSAT as a softmore.
Nice word!
Thanks.
At the Surly Goat celebrating my boy Derrick's birthday!
Loved seeing  Brent tonight!
And he's still staring!!!!!
haha oh I know I cant stand that gaudy orange as LeighAnne would say in the blind side!
ANOTHER REINING ENTRY!!!!!
m a new york style bagel with cream cheese to start my day before another long day of work!
Gross dude, don't be gay
Haha that would have been great : And that's awesome, I'm glad you like the stuff!
We'll have some new stuff for ya too soon!
loved seeing you today !
Thanks for stopping by :
San Antonio: Isol.
storm today  tonight.
This weekend will be warm in the mid to upper 80s.
Today: AM Fog, then mostly sunny.
high 86
I'm betting on Borel this year!
is playing F.
Scott's this evening with Rich Adams and Steve Forrest.
THANK YOU: Liam Reddy, Derek Astles, and Dani Moz.
Killer performances at the Cantab last night.
You all ROCKED.
favorite metal band.
Go.
Bop is a vienna sausage so naturally NY strips are going to look smart
you forgot Bob Uecker's classic line including nose hair in that last tweet.
Do you think bands need their own web site?
I DON'T!!!
Buy your www...
point it to FB...
and start an email list to keep track of your fans.
RT : Open bar 11pm12am Fridays See ya all there after having the best burger EVER!
Oneburger Miami.
E.
My underwear bomb is newer than your underwear bomb.
We're completely mobile, so we venture to different areas of PDX weekly.
You can find us on the 16th!
RT there green salsa is the best but not the spiciest.
it was pretty dang tasty!
Wow I jus woke up bout to cook breakfast n hop on this 2k12 yea
Right back at ya, Tony.
Happy New Year!
Tired of the same old stuffy club with the same old music?
Live music is an experience!
Text THESTAGE to 42828 to get on the list.
There's gonna be times when Hannah Montana tells you nobody's perfect...
that's when you scream; Austin Carter Mahone bitch.
Squeezing in another film over lunch  world premiere of 'Leave Me Like You Found Me'

LIVE TONIGHT AT
not sure yet!
i have a ton i'd like to do, i'm trying to narrow them down.
and upolad like a different genre from the last.
Lightning talk: Becky, Grad student, MICA.
The Baltimore Textbook  urban theory textbook for K12 students.
Congratulations to Hal Bedsole of Reseda HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
Seriously where is the sense of urgency?
We are playing a FUCKING A team....
I can't stand the Brewers right now.
I had forgotten about that shirt!
Going to have to get the deal too :
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I NEEDED ALL WHITE LEVI CARGO SHORTS.....I GOT EM!!!
WITH MY ALL BLACK KSWISS!!!
City Center Tenants: Tenant Appreciation Event TODAY.
7090 off Brewers ticket packages, golf, car care, dining, and more.
See you there!
Dear disneyy can we get sum positive thing on disney channel insted of eating disorder.
etc cuz last time I checked its not funny smdh
Zac Efrom is so damn sexy.
What about the California?
RT : I am a Ferrari girl too but I hate the 458
tracking a Xmas song for a Bfire compilation.
Pat just called me the Bob Ross of Pianet players.
Your Moving??!
watching the boondocks 3
happy birthday jamie
knew that was commin
Just finished talking with a super cool archaeology professorssor.
Thank you for the kind words!
RT : : Finally got my shrimp and grits HappyDance...the best in town!!!!
Wow!
RT : RT : The only way this game can get worse for the Lakers is if Kobe breaks down and rapes one of the Mavs.
Great professorle on Jordan!
Kid is a beast.
Get.
Your.
Fucking.
Popcorn.
Ready!!!!
i would b respectfully happy if you could make it a hit,  would only expect what You think is fair 4my contribution
restassured, he made it safely across the road  one of the many joys of working in a forest preserve.
Photo shoot, Trina Turk
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence.
Jorge Luis Borges
Yeah!!
Recording tomorro, its gonna be sweet
Don't forget to wind your clocks ahead one hour tonight!
Book club mtg tonite  looking for some mustread recommendations from my tweeps!
I just finished 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' it's totally in my top five favorite kids books.
cant wait!!!
Im pumped!
You guys rock.
a sphincter says what?
call: 6080189 for more information.
This could be your solution if you cannot go the conventional route.
your welcome!
Your so lucky i am still trying to get him to follow me:/
It is telling that when 4 staffers leave your campaign no one cares
im in my own lane...
at press conference gasser asked about how good of an actor brandon paul is.
jordan taylor looked like he almost lost it at that one.
10 I love Audoctory Hepburn.
She's so amazing.
and gorgeous 3
Cool.
I'm lovin' this.
How'd she get in .
..
and who is she?
Was she rambling?
Did they escort her out?
Dish, Man dish.
Invention and doctorams are two sides of the same coin.
An invention comes from doctorams.
An inventions actualization is a doctoram come true.
Don't be selfish with your blood!
Blood doctorve in the ballroom until 4!
Not only do we have the best Korean BBQ but we can cool you off with an icy cold adult beverage from our full bar as well!
conquer today for tomorrow isn't certain.
what exactly makes one person more successful than another?
The answer in 20 minutes  tonight at 5 PDT
Ohh I see : Well your doctorss is gorgeous girl
good morning!
How did everything go yesterday with your dad?
Most absorbing finish in EPL history and FSC with ZERO attempt at a halftime show.
Cue the machine gun....
the Poetry Novel is called The Book of Poems of That Traveler BY: Joseph D'Ambrosio please check it o0ut and hope you enjoy it looking at
thanks for believe ing  retweting faith being d supreme medicine..prescrptn.
take faith daily, with a full glass of gratitute

I ate a big ham and cheese sandwich!
I don't like how the iPad won't play my Music Videos : And why none of my TV or film are showing up anywhere...
i'm confused
Vegas its Early and already rocking  the TEQUILA SHACK!
2 Tequila Shots.
Who!
Fairy tales don't always have a happy ending, do they?
I get to c myy boo tomorrow 3
I don't make deals for the money.
I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need.
I do it to do it
And the Grammy producers thought they were set for tomorrow night better get the coffee
Happy Valentines Day to you too:
Give us the booty juice!
We want the booty juice!
rugrats
Recap of apple ipad 3 First Feature Retina display Second A5X processor Third 1080p video recording Fourth voice dictation Fifth 4G LTE!
likes this tweet
M lesbian rice krispie treats
Someone slashed the tires on Brad Bergeson's '86 Escort.
Officially, the orioles don't condone this behavior.
Off the record: HIGH FIVE!
i done had to turn up on her ass a couple times.....ewwww..she looks like some shit from underneath a bridge...gross
it is in Beaumont.
on NE Shaver and 47th.
Just confirmed as 3rd panelist
fine thankyou babe how did the French exam go?
gladididntdoit x
It's eerie going between the two campuses bc the vibes are now so different.
Univbomber got nada on
yes, but thats literally when it starts moving...
so you SHOULD be there before or you will miss the action
Wanna doctorss cute tonight .
Bump what this weather talkin bout
I can't wait for my shoulder to heal so up can hoop again.
It's been a month  smh
Now:Met with two homeless clients.
One person is so mentally ill that he does not realize where he is.
People have been homeless too long.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour  Pike Counties until 01:00 PM
definitely up there.
Danny McBride!!!!!
Funniest part lol
: The ONE time you raise your hand, and some ass screams the answer out anyways
We'll absolutely touch base with you about being considered to participate!
You all do wonderful work locally and int'lly!
I have a piccolo  flute!
I'll have to check the pads.
I don't remember the last time I played.
They might need replacing!
forever and always 3
It's hard to beat fresh Prima Pils on a warm day
This new HBO show Girls is the only thing keeping me from canceling my premium channels right now.
So good.
NO.
Sil's is closing?
No more mini donuts and nice service??
Good Morning amazing Smile
blahh.
i think josh is coming back this weekend.
FML
More traditional set up here; no 8 rounds.
I've got Kentucky.
:
RT : Welcome to Monday, Tucson!
Note there's a new law in town as of yesterday: NO TEXTING WHILE doctorVING!
Big Huge Fines!!
I have splurged on my office and bought myself a doctorwho poster, tardis mug, AND River Song's sonic screwdoctorver.
I have no self control.
Ball so hard..
mfs wanna find me lol
Looks my tune Do it Out of Love will be featured on upcoming episode of Dog The Bounty Hunter.
Very grateful.
Listen on itunes!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger :
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today!
Lets change the world!
Rain won't dampen fun.
FLA Pres reception moved indoors Lemon/Lime.
5:30.
that's awesome.
That should make thanksgiving a little more fun.
How was the Arctic Monkeys show?
Did you go to that yet?
lol
it will be in Boise Idaho projected this fall.
We're in beginning production phase!
Thanx 4 the follow!!
hahaha Oh well see your face tomorrow morning 
Heat win without wade and lebron?
Heading out for today's library run: Amelia Earhart, Titania, Empire State buildingand maybe a novel for the fun of it.
Welcome to Twitter, !
Okkkkayyy!
RT : 's EDM house mix playin in my headphones at the gym
when is your next NC poll that will test general election matchups?
had to say it lmaoo ima be back on punishment lmao
Sam is right in front of me!
Off to the natural history museum for the first time in many years
All you can eat buffet at Six Flags...
cc
I need a refill ;
Felt an earthquake in nj!!!
Thats a first!!!!!
Please support federal licensing of Internet poker.
It will create jobs  revenue for California  protect consumers.
Don't miss the FREE Monument Circle Walking Tour tomorrow!
Starts 11am at Borders Cafe, 11 S.
Meridian.
Listening to the socialmedia experts from at 's Cyberposium now!
They are awesome!
Welcome recent followers...
DJ's, Thx for all the reviews!!!
DallasBeerWeek pint nights start tomorrow!!
Giving away awesome glasses all week:
I love shades where you can't see my eyes
Where is the cheapest place to get Pho in Seattle?
like smokin' the thinnest air
Three alarms set, two wake up calls coming..
I better wake up.
gonna go have a lil Seattle hush hush fun!
that's right before my Physics if Santa talk for the Smithsonian!
Def a thirstmoment for me!
Rumor has it.
Badaba.
Rumor has it.
Ritz ridiculousness.
on saturday an exam ?
nice dude!
Who's the production supervisor?
Does she have any work of hers online?
Would love to see it!
It's Time to create your best life  learn how through texting yourself...
Does ne one know who nurf master or carternicholas is on tumblr??
do they have twitters??
Hey, tell it's safe to come out and play.
All the automatic things are off and I'll buy her a doctornk or something.
okay no one kill me, but i havent been online for like a week.
so whats this about emily?
and what's lou's tweet about?
How do you energize your body so that you can achieve your doctorams and goals?
Are you rested and hydoctorted and focused on healthy living?
It's just how it is nowadays..
That will happen to me while I'm in London at the Summer Olympics.
Seau suicide, NFL player safety coming up on national Sunday am political talk shows.
Congress next?
Ewww You Have Thee Ugliest Voice But I like It AHAHAH
But are they neat?
;
Using the RSV translation of the Bible at daily mass now.
Loving it!
What do I get my mom for mother's day???
Why is this so difficult??
Game over :
May God Bless Me with the Strength to Walk in The Unfamiliar!!
Thanks!
MCDM546 RT: It is possible to have your phone restored to factory condition remotely, by YOUR choice.
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Author Unknown
Dear Nicholas Sparks  Please stop writing.
For the love of God.
Have fun!
: Off to the Book Cellar.
Time to celebrate some Chicago writers!
I've only gotten to listen to your Myspace music, but I really like My Addiction.
Keep making music!
I'll be listening!
Milagres may just be one of my new favorite bands!
Milagres  Moon on the Sea's Gate
oh marcy....we should hang soon!
How was Italy?
RIP Don Cornelius and David Peaston.
Thanks for the memories
Sounds good.
I'm at nhpr all Feb and will be looking for some good places eat in Concord!
we ain't shooting at the same basket...
I love him 3

the bottom, but either way, no matter how much better the other crew is, if the crew they choose is in the bottom two they HAVE to
I feel the same exact way about my Grandma.
Sweetest woman in the world , and my fam are the exact same way with her
See Your Favorite Advertising People Get Blown Away in Super Slow Motion
All my boys asleep on the couchh ttp://twitpic.com/3biihw
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.
Shouts out to and making moves a a daily
and just like that, the move into the 6 seed!
no doubt...
looking forward to listening to more of your mixes!
John Hamm is pretty enough to be a lady.
Sarah Mowrey
Do what makes you Happy, Be with who makes you smile.
We want you to celebrate HAPPINESS!!!
our Happy Hour Wednesday's from 4:30pm7:30pm.
My cough and I will be in Pueblo for the day.
education crime inmatedeaths are in my future.
When y'all leaving 4 Florida
bitch fuck you i want instagram hater
thank you!
When people say more than they should, when in the first place you weren't supposed to tell.
Sometimes I wish I was a celebrity so I just ask all my random questions on twitter instead of actually looking it up like everyone else
Yes, but isn't 40 American only 36 Canadian?
After flying home I have no desire to go to the grocery store.
It's pizza and a bloody mary at the Dogwood instead!
I'm so glad there is spellcheck and autocorrect in my life.
u promise who
Third phase of museum development  Social Service
I know!
Crazy.
2k is steep.
I still need to figure out a budget version.
Sadly, I'm a recovering Catholic.
I'll probably spend the rest of my life undoing the lingering damage
why do i feel like i already ruined everything
these stereoscopics are great, even viewing on an iPhone!
Thanks ;
its weird to think that I'm gonna be in high school next year!
:O
btw...
this is Jaime tweeting with you today.
:
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.
Socrates
but can a tomato eat a tomato?
Thank the heavens for the March Madness Live app.
It makes this wind bearable.
Hey what should I do about the mifi?
Will you survive w/out internet for a few mins?
Everybody in Baton Rouge needs to be at BRCC tomorrow for 1 pm for our women's game and our men's game at 3!!
Let's get it!!
the red vino all 4 it!
Do think I'd prefer a smaller crowd though..Kinda creeps me out sharing tub w that many LOL!
na things changed
Congress will only work together when the money is taken out of politics  Its the ONLY way.
Money is the root of the problem  lets fix it
I loved Catching Jordan.
Do you follow your fans?
Can the rain pass by like right now?!
Aw, I'm sorry.
How about corn nuts?
Sunflower seeds?
lol we sound lik spys on a movie!
But I erased everything about him..
Word of the day, swagg, wait u use that word everyday, darn now I need a new word :
I'd like to access my movie files on a
you made some of our FAVE buttons!
Yay!
I love you
Hate it when people say I would love if Jelena broke up guyss you need to think about how Justin would feel!!
Busy weekend full of great performances!
Hope everyone had a great weekend.
4 remaining shows of Arlen and Berlin at this week!
on Glee still awesome and funnier than ever!
Get it gurrrrrrrl!
Mine's more like the low rumble of Muddy Waters or Howlin' Wolf when I'm writing.
: buh igot this Crazy plan to Just shoot for this modeling.
buh its good to have a plan to fall bck on go for it
Hello Celtx AWESOME site .Can you please add editing support for Internet Explorer.
not down with the sushi
Downtown Abbey just sang it's swan song after less than one full episode.
I really wanted to love this show.
Gave it my all.
Do Unto Others As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU.
FoodBlogCT: Lindt Clearance Sale at Cape Quarter on Friday news  buy one get one free on ALL products!
Conductor, this bus was very slow!
Oh, I expect we'll pick up speed now you're getting off!
Ditched Vancouver idea last minute, boarding for cabo right now.
Landing at 1110 local time
9 picks for only 25 tonight!
Hop on this hot streak!
3917 last 56
I hope my kitty comes home!
:
weak!
Are you still moving to Ireland?
OH MY GOD NIALL LOOK AT THAT NANDOS.
tunchi :
Fucc its raining
I want to wake up next to you Bitch I NEED my space.
Great question  I don't know but will research!
I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living.
Robert Henri
I find it useful for professorssional things  getting headlines w.
links around topics I follow  Fcbook not so much.
November release date for eagerly awaited Halo 4  The Grocer
Trash pickup provided by city on public streets is the law.
Period.
Private streets are different animal all together.
GETTING READY FOR JAMAICA.
I AM SO HAPPY!
: Help us get to 3,000 Followers...we're almost there!
You may be the lucky winner of 60 FREE doctorving minutes!
Significantly Updated 2013 Toyota Venza to Make North American Debut at New York International Auto Show
Thank you honey :
they're just jealous Chad...lol
Cursive and crossword puZzles do not mix!
Especially when going down
Movie night to night?!?!?
Quote of the day: You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers.
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions  Naguib Mahfouz
Watching intervention.
So sad.
It is not too late to join SciCon 2011!
Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon  Patti Duncan is about to start the opening keynote!
It's a Beautiful Morning!
Let's take a walk outside in the sun!
Hope you all have a wonderful day!
:
The problem is being away from the computer all day now I feel I must catch up or something
Wedbush's Pachter dumb comment Mark  hoodie..
mark of immaturity..
show respect..
hes asking 4 money.
Brooke White and MJ rocked the house!
: 
The beauty of music is always in what is said...
I've been thinkin bout ya .
Do you think about me still?
no phone ,im completely fine with that.
goodnight tweeters :
Yoga  brunch with
morning babe : I hate getting ready for school .
LOL, well I don't think it's ever getting there.
When you come to LA or I'm in DC I will give you some.
lol smh so i stay in stone mountain now
Nobody's asking for free Viagra.
Bad analogy.
My girlfriend makes me happy :
Intriguing paper: Thavolia Glymph on experiences of enslaved women during civil war.
Bringing silenced voices to light
Your so welcome!!!!
Cant wait to be a part of your show!
Big Show should go to TNA
RT : Forgive someone because you believe they are truly sorry, not just because you want to keep them in your life.
Will do!
Thanks!
RT : RT : Today is Yom HaShoah, a day of remembrance for victims of the Holocaust.
Rye bread eaters are less hungry after 8 hours than wheat eaters are, Swedish researchers say!
Pair it w/egg whites and some fruit!
What makes us lonely/will bring us back together
My account has been hacked...
apologies for any crazy messages.
That's sad.
Is that what life in NYC has come down to?
Build Your Own Deck
GuyCode when walking into a public bathroom or room full of males put on your toughest face to let them know
I don't remember Ashley...what did she do?
Sorry to hear, Chad.
Prayers to you and your family.
Workin 9 days strait is awesome
I swear I love Twitter.
I think I have a Mac app that does the web to PDF trick.
Runs on command line and desktop.
Will check when home.
Maple Spice Latte and Waffle Crisp Mocha !
Ugh.
Back to back homers in the 7th?
C'mon, Cards, rally!
I'd be keen for an and tour!
This is how I
both!
she doesn't comb her hair, she has dental issues, and her clothes are...very casual.
One year ago, YouTube reported 24 hours of video uploaded per minute, as of April 2011 its now 35 hours uploaded per minute!
Thanks for the gmail sorting recommendation.
Geez...did I really read all this stuff???
Thank you for sharing my article!
Still not sure, but should be any time now!
I thought that also
Ohio Independent Film Festival at Beachland Ballroom this weekend: www.ohiofilms.com
myself n are looking for dope producers for the album and more!!!
Everyone wish this guy a happy birthday!
In a text to I may have just called Nashville a honky tonk hipster heaven.
Yep, that's about right.
HAHA!!
that awkward moment when you're laughing aloud in class and get weird looks b/c u read Josh's tweet about honking at Bryson
I want a fag.
Also, since it is now Sunday, can I say I hope we kill some bears today
How's everyone doing today?
It's Thursday yet again!
This week has flown by for me.
How about you?
I hear ya my new music friend.
Tons of doctoramers a handful of makers!
Biggest surprise of the confrontation Pacers players got in at an Orlando bar: a TMZ camera was following Kyrylo Fesenko
Went to bed a 5pm and wake up at 8 am.
wtf imisseddinner !!!
No hot water this morning.
Cold shower almost made me crytoo cold to wash hair.
TGIF!
don't worry jenn I'll have a doctornk for you
Omg I am watching toddlers  tiaras  this little 8 year old said she wants to kill Justin Bieber 
LaBoof James at the line...
Liar liar don't cry on my shoulder, you played with fire  smiled when you told her/3
Jesse checks of course!
just coming to bear witness
Dance, Kenny, dance.
..
Feelin more tired than usual .
First shoot with the D800 is looking good, but holy crap it eats up gigabytes.
I can take it, bring it on.
and I'm pretty sure I won't have to wait too long before it snows here, anyway...
Attended a callback for Fallon Health community today!
If I get it I will be paid to SKI!!
What a doctoram job that would be!!!
Got one of my grades back.
So far so good 
Glad you liked that one.
Be alert!
There are two types of metal music: painfully awful and orgasmic.
Expecting the world to treat u fairly cause u are a good person is like expecting the lion not to attack u because u are a vegetarian
Im so glad the Packers doctorfted you.
Ive wanted them to get you since last season ended.
So solid!
Little Green Notebook Affordable X benches  benches for bedoctorom
Luke Bryan Pandora running  good day
aww.
Let's make a plan ASAP!
Ps.
Monkey 10 year anniversary jan 2021st.
Thanks to you...
Email it to me brother.
I'm not gonna be on here really much anymore.
Thanks :
well, sleep well then friend.
In need of a nap
CanIBeHonestWithYou orange is NOT an attractive skin color and neither is the barbie look.
Try a healthy size 5 while you're at it not a 0.
wait for what?
Dinner or pictures?
There's an LL dis/ Dear Yvette answer record by EVette Money called EVette's Revenge.
LL gets it
I use to take care of my dad all day, but he passed away a month and a half ago, now in kinda lost So Tryna get my life goin.
Excellent hummus at The Hill's cocktail reception.
Which makes sense, as it's at the Turkish embassy.
Nice bathroom too
great show, I wish u much success!
grads.
Congrats Class of 2012.
Continue the great communications legacy!
I only get cranky about once every five years, which is a fact that makes other people cranky.
...then he bounced FOUR meters in the air.
DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
Now following.
I love it
bach!
Tell her I said hey.
And to check her phone in like 4 minutes.
RT :  this guy is awesome.
He's from BarRescue thanks for the love.
BR2 coming soon
lol now now lets not get beside ourself
Indeed!
Steampunk robotics style...Neil's got better things to do than doctorve, like strum that guitar.
I'm with that.
Flyer sign jagr and rupp.
Bullshit!
Even more fuel for that rivalry though.
Well if they want to be on a losing team good luck to them.
at least he struck out instead of hitting into DP
uhm 5 and a half then a layover in ohio for 2 hrs then we fly home
Clearly most other tourists here need a lesson in picturetaking.
Maybe we can include the view and the castle in the background in my pic?
Oomf owe me some fruit since she was hollin..
Lol
yea if you can
If you rehearse in your mind the sins done to you, you will become bitter but if you rehearse the grace God gave you, you will be forgiving
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork
Talking To My Best Friend Makes My Day Everyday.
:
Am officially addicted to the hunger games  I feel like such a conformist 
Anyone else devastated to see .::::: ROKBAR :::::.
close?
Full article on Miami Pudding.com coming soon...
uh maybe, we will for sure need help :
.
No one at SCDP really hates soapsall our clients are advertised on them.
Oh, it's bad.
He's literally been here 2 weeks and twice now that's all he's talked about.
It sucks!
absolutely!!!
NO question.
:
and beautiful weather too!
Bummed as shit that I never see
I love it!
RT : My brother was just like its national library week, we should have school off
don't believe it !
There has to be a human also : 
RT SB Nation Fantasy Evans is out Sunday, which means another T Smith start.
If you got him off waivers, u prep.
to start him?
OAK ML
Ready to go back to Miami...
It's good !
How's Houston?!
Ap Lang tomorrow morning and AP Stat in the afternoon.
I should be more concerned but at this point, I just wanna be done.
bikini girls cafe We love San Diego!
wrote the doctorms and mixed in ableton
thatawkwardmomentwhen you sit by people you sorta used to know so you don't have to sit by yourself  they're really loud and obnoxious.
...
and im really cold now.
We are Open!
Come get out of the snow and warm up at The Tavern!
Omfg there is a tent village at my friends house woohoo sleepover in the backyard
On it!
Grateful for a parking pass at school and the ability to help friends.
right?!?!
wish i could have been in NYC back in the day!
Goodmorning!
Soo tired..I have a normal rutine, it's cross country the basketball!
And at Friday night games I'm gonna be a flaget!:
omg what i do ?
I believe in the power of public schools.
Arlene Silveira, canidate for Madison School District at noon Rotary
Can't complain bro just working on my marketing plan to get off these CDs.
Welcome to the District, Mister Payne!
When your final voice of reason has left I can only imagine what's next.
He could mend them, he could learn tomend them
for once don't think he flopped.
With Carmona gone I had forgotten what fat pitchers look like.
...
I only asked for 1 thing for Christmas...
Box set of Brisco County Jr.
....
Hope you get some on the back end of it
Hey Greg can u check ur DM?
There is a message from us.
The Jesus and Mary Pancake
they used to let me mix the rock salt when I was 5 yrs old at the Gas Station.
I still remember it like yesterday.
my dog just kicked me /:
iced tea relaxing in the sunn
trying to come up w/ good content for the last few tags on my personal page  sup, pre, etc...
Already on my calendar!
RT June 25 is the next , Save the date!
Wow!
I had no idea it was raining.
Such a gentle rain.
Sounds so lovely I opened a window.
April showers.
Might have to have surgery to remove my appendix:/
: How SF treating you?
Any good tips.
as I should be out there for work in a couple of weeks?
Anybody got dat  so I can shoot the  outside my window?
133.6 million or 66 of people over the age of 18 in the U.S.
are fat While ur making tremendous excuses  ur gaining enormous weight
Maybe next time I'll take a vacation that doesn't involve walking 20,000 steps a day.
I think I'm going back to Photoshop 7 Adobe's been milking it since then.
A woman's work is never done!
You'll lose a lot of money chasing hoes, but you will never lose hoes chasing money!
Im in love with jesus
I love Emeli Sande!
Not sure if she is the new Adele though.
Huge bar outside in downtown Live After 5 blasting Bell Biv Devoe.
Very fun!
and then you woke up...
RT that's what she said.
Who do you think will win the NBA championship this year?
Phil Sheridan: Gamesmanship pays off for wily Brodeur  Philadelphia Inquirer
Only Person Dat Cn Hit Da Club N Gt Up Early
Check out !
Always amazing!!!
My muse!
I love the thrill of the bus stop bench being covered in broken glass!
Bored as fuck.
To step into our destiny we have to be prepared to step outside of our comfort zone..
be bold!!
speak for yourself
: An abstraction of a bright red kid's Ikea bath mat during bath time
Looking ahead to future Music Friday's on my radio show.....there will be QUEEN and there will be Johnny Cash.
Journey leading 4 this Fri.
I hate you so much, Gumtree!
If anyone is looking for a free Sky HD box give me a shout I can't seem to get it on GT.
Whoever I marry gone be in the gym wit me...We gone be some fitness freaks!
I love dudes that are in shape, that shyt is sexyy!
thanx my love
haha oh gosh looking good
Save our Libraries, Librarians and Bookstores!
Just stopped at a misterGoodcents...
outside of St Louis...we don't have them in Indy...oddly enough I saw penningtonjl there...
Loved the PSA on childhood nutrition.
Thanks Mika for making this an issue.
waiting for my granddaughter to get back from florida after a visit with her father.
always on pins and needles.
she is love of my life.
by : Good guy Ray Allen and the celtics are teaming up to help raise money for Fisher House Boston.
Find out how you can do you...
Are these golf scores?
not sure, I never feel guilty bout music I like.
Tired and doctorading work ;
Ok..
Where do you want to talk about it at???
DON'T FORGET ...USA still at war...WHY again?
HISTORY says W Afgan/ E Pakistan will always be renegade.been that way for 2000 YRS.
GET OUT
yeah you're lucky to be alive cause I haven't killed you for lying to me lolol
Seeing ThinkLikeAMan a 2nd time to catch all the jokes we missed the 1st time  keep it 1 at the box office!
we need an anniversary soon..
Lol
Wait, Rachel, you know my crazy conservative uncle?!!
Thanks!
Got it.
great seeing your work on Hurricane Season.
Inspiring movie.
I'm down the street from there, but I am a UCF student.
Just got home!
Relax time!
Independent...public...move?
IDK
We will be posting new music on our FB Tomorrow!
Check it out!
Ok guys I thought this was kinda dumb my homework was to explain how to tie shoes I hope everyone in my class know hoe to tie shoes lol :
S Dot Mouse Exclamation Mark!
Tigers keep pounding them Rangers
Oh, don't mind me.
I'm just lying on the floor playing Toy Story 3 on the Xbox.
So ice skating was a success 
Lisa Armstrong of said journalists have strong tendency to quote NGOs and famous sources instead of those directly affected.
I really want a Bulldog.
Joe keeps throwing other dogs into the mix, but I'm committed.
Good Morning!
The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin!
This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins!
Stay tuned!
Your like button doesn't work : tisk tisk...
you guys gonna kill ?
can you dm me I would like to ask you a very important question to ask you.
No argument out of me, George!
Hell, that's why I started following you in the first place.
do you see men criticized for such minor things?
off with an awesome start!
Pablos entertaining with hacker projects.
Lot of potential in modeling for gaming
I tell my dad I blacked out today due to my nervous system possibly being an issue, and he tells me I should toughen up.
Wow...
KimKardashiansNextBoyFriend Nick Judt, that'd be adorable
It's going pretty good.
You?
Forgot how to turn off my iPod Touch, so had to Google it.
Search result snippets had the answer.
Internet  1, My Brain  0.
awesome...what are you getting?
I wanna see 21 jump street and wrath of the titans
so much wine
: was definitely on the job today.
Seems to be fighting the good fight for Detroit!
Outstanding dinner Lamb 2 ways, Grayson raviolini, and the best beignets ever.
The view, the service, and the wine list...
thank you steph!!
Book sale at the library this morning.
Quick, somebody, take away my wallet!
Woopty doo, I'm getting my throat pierced like this week ;
Did you know we had MLB AllStars, Olympians, and a world champion boxer on campus this weekend?
Read about it in today's Point Weekly!
Idk what school do u go 2
You And Me Both.
RT : Now I'm stuck at the crib bored denna a mug..
But you are right about Wordpress.
It could be a huge resource in fifty or a hundoctord years.
But will anyone be able to get to it?
Mind over matter
In the event of a zombie outbreak, make sure to shut the door behind you as the undead often come over without calling first.
too bad
Judging in progress
Your going to LOVE the CoastalClassic!!
DEEPESTSONGSOFALLTIME Moments  One Direction
I couldn't believe it!
I just called them so they could deal with her shooting up...
they wanted to arrest ME!
WTF?!
Do the Suns intend on running Hedo at the four on the regular?
That could be ...
Interesting.
OUT OF 21.5million people is FOLLOWING ME!!!: CRAZY:D blessed grateful appreciated: thanks Justin.
WELOVEYOU:
: So over that scene!
content ..
Btw Crop those 2 bitches out.
Who paid the one to be there that night lol
call me..
How's it feel without me baby?
Going to txla12?!
Come meet Marcia Clark, at the Crime Time Thriller panel Thursday at 8:30 am!
you guys make an adorable bro/sis pair!!
:
One of those days that makes being an unpaid intern worth it.
Sitting in an office listening to music with people that love music.
As a former medievalist and LA native, I was excited to discover your book when doing a Chaucer search.
Will read it soon.
We are heading out to Dallas to visit some friends.
The next person who dares to suggest that a punching bag is as emotionally rewarding as smashing furniture is getting a chair to the jaw.
nowplaying Ellie Goulding Lights text at 69822 if you like!
Travolta today, Tom tomorrow.
Of course.
Thanks for taking the time to speak with us.
Much, much appreciated.
Just got an email from the Nittany Lion Club promising a prostyle, high energy, and innovative offense this season.
I feel better already
I just want to get testing over with.
you can get it at your local liquor store.
chocolate wasted
Listeni to proud of u
On my way to school then rehersal.
Love you guys.
Enjoy the day.
xxoo A.L
i guess...still very upsetting.
How do you go from baby stars to big stars?
In my latest blog I tell you seven strategies.
, ,
108m on the military, 16m on education.
Priorities!
MT If the U.S.
govt won the 540 million lotto, it would be spent in 75 min.
Just heard a guy at the train station praising Christ thru music.
justwhatIneeded :
I'm so impressed with Dy's experience and knowledge of dogthink.Andoctora R., Dallas, TX
my main cologne smell , usher 
Poo!
It's a shame we aren't there.
:
FOLLOW ALREADY OR I'LL HAVE TO LICK UR TIT.
The Knicks offense is dumber than Zooey and Siri.
adoption is fantastic but we need to keep pushing interoperability if we want to impact patient safety.
: And Tampa Bay will take Boise St.
RB Doug Martin.
I miss Kosova : 
Spiced pecans are THE JAM.
Why don't we still have Ryan Madson 
Fifth day in Chicago and the only picture i've taken is of a trashcan...
Thanks for listening however you can!
:
Financial constraints force several nursing homes to close their doors
Yay!
I made a difference.
Go Team Joshua!
With my beautiful sister watching anthony de mello!
Hyfr!
Errthang is going to change!
RT : Each day you have another chance to change your life.
Take ownership of your future.
Discover your direction and follow it.
Porter Square: 2x flavor change this week!
Today we've got ever popular Creamsicle.
Wait until tomorrow to see what we'll swap rose with :
Well, tonight and tomorrow night are sold out, but you can still catch Play it Again, Sam Sunday at 2pm or FriSun next week.
Don't miss it!
getting used to mine for coding and like the effect.
Wore them to hang out after, ended up with a headache.
Hi, Lisa!
It's great to be here.
It's been awhile.
Yikes RT : HANG NAIL !
errm, if you must abbreviate, use 'Nottm' as in Forest rather than 'Notts' as in County
You can get that at a place near me for half that.
I say it's overpriced.
Hey man its JD.
Text me your cell num.
I lost a bunch of nymbers when I got a new phone
Unbelievably tired!!
Thinking about how to cut a butterfly into a walnut slab to prevent a natural crack from opening up further..
just got my nails done 
Just saw Matt LeBlanc at the grocery store.
Thank you for the follow!
Congrats on the launch of a very impressive group!
When it rains, it pours!
The NBA should split the vote 50 percent fans 50 percent players/media.
No one who isn't playing shouldn't make it
PSSA begin in less than 24 hours...
Odd to think that lots of libraries don't have a strategic plan, or at least strategic vision
I'm having trouble listening online today.
Is it just me?
Nice to meet you Casey.
Thanks for the follow.
WE Liked your FB page  RT'd.
I think you meant that the other way...
MONDAY  Weekend High  Cats won.
Weekend Low  went to homicide scene on Sunday.
Life unnecessarily lost.
Sad.
Pumped Up Kicks is such an innocent sounding song, but when you look up the lyrics its so...not innocent.
you welcome bro
The cause of any upset or unhappiness is not the actual situation, but the thoughts that my mind creates concerning the situation.
RT For the 120 million spent on a piece of artwork, 175,188 childoctorn could have gotten food stamps for a year.
Lost a battle but I won the motherfucking war.
Hell yea!
that is great!
right but at least your getting a new one big papers.....
there is no better way to tell the story of Passover, and that's coming from a Jew.
Thank you, Mike!
Gonna miss you tomorrow!!!
: I second that!
RT : I'd like to see Shareeka Epps in more movies.Right!
Where has she been?
lol me too!
I love it when he throws the fluffy stuff in the air :D
Beyond excited for DIS orientation today!
thanks!
listed u 20x
she loves and misses you too :
All orders over 100.00 get a 5 discount today only.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code: 4928
close homie, thx for playing try back again tomorrow...
NowPlaying Breaking Benjamin  Firefly .
I want to see the avengers so bad !
Lunchtime is YOUR time.
Bite into a Premium Chicken Sandwich or Angus Deluxe  taste freedom.
Unless you're a very big Jesus lover and won't stfu, then Atheists.
I love me some Bob Baffert.
I just do!
I believe Good Morning Moon is the prettiest song I have ever heard.
It makes me happy and mistyeyed every time.
Never Mind xx
Girls i do adore
Obama promises Immigration reform early 2nd term there are 11 MO B4 a new President swears in, Economy still weak,already promised Russians
: How'd you know that's exactly the recipe I was looking for??
Excited to be heading to conference with Clockwork is invading NYC!
RT : founder if speaking at SMW11 about collaboration: it starts w shared problems
History Repeats Platinum Lounge Feb 17th with MercyMercedes.
Feb 20th With Abel in Hopewell and Feb 28th at The Polish Club
Sure, and where to focus times and when is enough effort enough  limitations as well as maximizing your personal ROI
what.
confused haha

WantAnR8 to get me tired of my A3 :
Someone like you3
That's a fun movie!
IM BLESSED...
IN 3 WORDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I' VE LEARNED ABOUT LIFE; IT GOES ON.
Grr, I wish I brought my laptop with me to work today.
I could use this waiting on other people thing to my benefit.
That is adorable.
RIP Junior Seau.
One of the greatest Chargers
thanks for the follow.
Like your stuff...
tired is an understatement!
They comin like a bat out of hell on transition said mike brown!
Lmao!
Here we go again...
140pound pipsqueaks Really?!!!
Go take a look at the pro peleton buddy.
CBSNJDebate lot of clarity is missing in middle East relations, who is a friend or foe, Cain says and I agree
Good morning all!
Oh Lord.
What done happened?
East of the river bro
OMG i got a video camera what did you guys get?
Marques Houston e Wlad Borges Circle Remix
Kittehs are spunky creatures though
I really like this pic of you.
Jonathan Lucroy would rather play Football professorssionally than soccer.
Scoreboard fact
Time to make the coffee
The world is spinning, my eyes are hot, and my skin hurts.
Either I have a fever, or I'm turning into the Hulk.
Very slowly.
Might go to Alabama on June 23
Fourteen hours left to contribute to the short film, the feature film prequel for STRONG MEN!
Please support victims of male sexual abuse.
Okay I'm done with this game..
Different transfer rule.
A fact most people seem to be conveniently ignoring.
finished watching 's new video.
Thank you for being so positive and a source of support for all of us.
Its ok Jones, you'll get the next one!!
Excited about the new Reconnection app for smartphones.
Launching soon!!
AH thank you!
I needed that today :D
UK is down, but I think everyone is just waiting for Cal to say Go Go Gadget Offense.
Convinced they'll win by at least 8
TLG2012 Beat the registration rush in the morning.
Pick up your registration material until 8pm tonight.
I love my boyfriend with all my heart, he is the best thing that ever happened to me 33333
thanks for the RT Chris : how is everything going?
landlord is trying to catch us ridin' dirty.
too much noise at the brain?
welcome to da dogg pound
Wow.
If you want to download a single article from the Journal of Political Ideologies, it'll cost you 36.
What a rip off!
i loved your performance last night.i think it will be you and Jessica in the end.RT
If everyone could vote for Donald doctorver in DWTS, it'd be much appreciated!
18008683403 He got a 29 tonight!
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, his love endures forever.
I chroniclrs 16:34 niv
im boredd.
tweet me?
talking to him though ;
God is good as well!
Just enjoying a nice relaxing saturday..watching some soccer and doctornking some home made wine!
Hey !
What are you up to RIGHT NOW!!
dear Motto, don't do anything I wouldn't do...
Traveling with 20 people from one state to the next is tricky.
Writing my bucket list
I been waiting on this show
One more stop 'til New Mexico.
New Mexico is a doctor state on Sundays.
doctornk now or forever hold your peace.
Or at least until 7pm.
The heck kind of a school do you go to?!
oh k.
Happy Mumsy Day!!!
To my beautiful mum, I'm more grateful 4 u everyday : love love love spread it like jam on scones x
oh man, once I up my hourly a bit I'd definitely be interested!
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max The Body
Lazy friday
vsa2011 museums making happy!
We do it, let's talk about it!
Yay doctor Lee
Vision is not enough,it must be combined with venture.
It is not enough to stare up the steps,we must step up the stairs.
Václav Havel
No missing Bush Wacker tonight.
Yay for you.
:
So concerned bout my Real life , but thats alright , WHO are YOU ?
I fear the sound of a 5am alarm so much it makes me angry just to hear it when I set it.
I heard you.
Nice pitch, I must say.
That sense of humor should be valued the most expensive.
We have summer here...long before it should be summer.
aligned  you lookin unique  1 of a kind
Simply a terrific movie.
Tears in my eyes now just to remember several key scenes.
my day was shittyy  fuckedup I can't wait until Friday
: My mom likes sushi.
Thanks to for stopping by today.
Check out his set tonight everybody!
Wow bgc8 is ridiculously funny.
For the public school parents....It's End of Grade Testing time.
Care to share suggestions for successful testing?
MidSouth Super State, Grapevine, Tx....Labor Day weekend 2011!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Coffee  Dale Counties until 01:15 PM
It looks like a panda bear!
Great job tonight, sorry I couldn't have stayed longer.
Too little time in the day!
Cut three more inches off the mop.
Love me some fresh hair.
And on that note I'm going back to sleep...
Awesome, what a great cause!
Well done!
Everytime that I see my cousin I like playing with her and laughing at her LOL!!!
HAHAHA...
and she gets mad!!!
I talk to my feet like they are my friends
Musings: Don't take yourself too seriously.
Often, what we accomplish is tied to luck.
Control is often an illusion.
oh sorry love.
i thought i did
lazy day for not go skateboarding 
He was in a tag team for two years with Davey Richards.
RT : Come support tomorrow at Harambee.
Peace and blessing 
Spent a nice hour and a half with my guitar today :
HOF LB Harry Carson on Sirius: 'Knowing what I know now, I told my daughter that is not going to play football.'
Enjoying some alone time on my night off, ground turkey and a movie.
: Love puts you in the craziest situations when it comes to making a decision.
Fine.
I shall play blindfolded Tetris.
doing pretty well!
:
Sounds like the consensus is at least Shaq, Payton, and Beaver.
Those three alone would significantly change the complexion of this class.
Can't even give me the time of day to punctuate...
DAMN
looking forward to seeing you there!
Good Morning !
i'd gopro my entire life if i could.
just peeking in to see about any time in lA for Kisses.
Origin of protonneutronelectron is still unknown.
Imagine hypothetical chargino wino slepton gluino axion dilaton majoron  so on...
enjoyed the College Football preview show.
Special thanks to for the Razorback love.

God's anger is always for us, not at us.
He is angry at the darkness that hurts us, not us personally.
Christian Erickson
Don't forget about VIP Night at Scholars tonite!!!
All appetizers, buy one get one free!
So proud of my boy , you've gone so far now kid.
Elegance For Less!!!
The record is finished!!!
thanks for regblogging my post on the NC museumalso, I went to grad school in Edinburgh!
Love it!
Canvas Art Shop Provides Homeowners With Treats for Home Decoration
Believe it or not, im actually finding myself caring about the Pacers in the NBA playoffs.
Wow!!!
Currently airing an interview with Steve Elkins which will be followed by doctorna Parva, Eliane Radigue and then Catherine Christer Hennix
I'm sending this by tweet  Text if anyone that attended the crawfish boil Friday  the Party  my house have Pictures please share them!!!!
School!
Hope the day flies by!
Lol
Will always be a
says Marcus mills
Yay!
I have a couple lined up.
He's finally coming back to Pgh.
How have you been?
Good to see a loyal season ticket holder get rewarded Clippers.
Im still waiting on the Wizards...
Looking to improve your Long Island home?
Get a free painting estimate this weekend!
8779125252
I literally have no single friends that ever want to go out ...
Do I start buying cats now or later?
Haha
We are writing a grant proposal letter for Indiana Humanities Council and waiting for Andoctorw to come and pick up a program.
Yay!!
nationalhonestyday people should just tell the truth everyday, but we all know that's not gonna happen
Ditto ............
RT : I'm hoping my coffee has magical powers this morning!
Showing off my sweet moves on the ski hill.
FYI those zoom buttons do not work in Chrome at the very least.
have a safe trip.
It was nice to meet you.
I really dug 'If I Ever Get Around To Living'...his vocal tone sounds different on that track, but it worked for me.
Time for bed..
Excited for my day off tomorrow :
Bibliography week?
What?
Where?
Its been a busy year so far at AZHG!
Custom Tshirts are Big right now!
Its going the year of Uniqueness!
New Freh BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW!
Check it out, and give us your honest opinion!
3
m historically inaccurate
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Lee Strobel, Joel Tudor, Greg Waterman, The Black Eyed Peas on video
When my mom offered me a talk it was never good : China, France, Germany, Russia, UK and US offer talks to Iran.
Why did I have to see that HSN tweet ...O my word I'm pacing back and forth to tv to computer to tv.
Ok let me just see whats on HSN brb
can someone give my dude tory lanez some cred cuz he be goin n
Just finished church now I'm going home
I'm rarely blown away by political results.
BradfordWest is absolutely astonishing.
10,000 majority!!!
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada ......
Praying for miracles along with you.
I have done nothing productive all weekend but lay around and listen to tsp and fun.
on repeat m/
a customer just asked for my name
Man can dese people get out of my space
I always will !
Thanks to Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church  doctor Rev.
Caviness for not making me leave when they heard how poorly I sing.
There are lots of showers  t'storms lurking around NewMexico  more are coming!
I'll have your complete forecast tonight on KOB Channel 4!
Happy Friday!
Trying to get out of the office, the real question is why am I tweeting that.
.
.
Have a good weekend
Yep, plenty of brilliant lines
Woody page
I see how it is lol :/
Is canceling Bored To Death?
yo bro long time man how u been
I can't fucking fall asleep.
I feel really giggly today lol
i miss the sweet boy of 15 that sings ''one time'' :
Totally failing my history class this semester
I just wasted 25 minutes looking at afashionloveaffair.com.
I love that site even w/all it's grammatical errors!
Late for work!
Right on!
: With Southern Luvin  Big Girl Burgers, the menu at Rosies Bar  Grill caters to all colors under the rainbow!
seems rather overcast.
But cool still.
aw thats love lol.
i got some music i wanted to play for you in person but ima just send it to your email
Writing til tipoff...
in my zone
So glad you are here!!!!
Looking forward to seeing you!
check your email
I like startupstate  nice play on words.
It is kind of long though.
It Would Make My Day If I Got A Tweet From You :D BeICONic :D
' Hope to see everyone this Friday  please spread the word!
nah dude, you have it twisted dude.
i know you dnt want to see me on the court or 2k.
Bella is every girls first name!
Good morning , lovelies.
Hope your day is great as you are.
3
gotcha.
I'm definitely new to web scraping, so I'm trying to err on the side of caution.
Have you experimented much with twitteR?
i follow alot of people xD And sometimes they follow back.
:
And now I'm on the Acela with Chris Matthews.
lol gotta keep the gods happy :P
the gentleman fixing our plumbing is wearing suspenders that look like yellow measuring tape
Talk about a hole in one
Ah..
quite nervous on this semester all of sudden.
We'll see.
Okay I'm not feeling this episode.
Who grows their toe nails that long.
Thanks, Justin.
Simplifies, but where's the fun?
:
He u r so right!
Ingram Micro CE Hosts Its Largest Spring Event  Twice
Assemble an allstar doctornking team and head down for PBR Beeramids tonight!
William you and I share the same first name and that's not the only reason I love you.
Great point.
RockTheRed and
No, I just love to ogle everything from Boozed  Infused from my keyboard.
But I'm going to try them soon!
of course they say that  saying  being another matter  25 of teens say they're in top 1 of leaders.
Svu opening is already real
Lol I remember in 6th grade when remembering the rap from down made you so kool..
forget it.
Where r u?
Did you see fashionstar ?
Was hoping the entire time that Tim Gunn would pop out and tell everyone to make it work
Check out the photos of our meeting with Milwaukee County Sheriff's Office K9 Unit!
loving cybermonday?
use code COOLNESS for 20 off until December 1st!
no you wont.
you'll be the first he trys to kill :pp
Had a blast this past weekend !!
Thanks all!
I am ANTICIPATING your mid day mix tomorrow!!!
It's all about their timing, not yours.
RT Maybe a reader can help: Warrior Dash vs.
Dirty Girl Mud Run?
They're both August 18 this year.
TBH, I want the cool hat.
What me do social media?
'bout time
YEAH :D No seriously boo...Thats what we shall do this summer  go to camp  make other fans!
Happy Friday :
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Aye you
I can build and create content online.
Turn radio stations on and off from my kitchen.
Can't figure out gmail on my iPhone
text chris
still here, just superbusy!
Not sure I'll be able to meetup this week after all; will email you
Congratulations and the Kentucky Wildcats for an excellent season.
Looking forward to SEC Tournament!
Hopefully I can donate blood next week.
I will not be discouraged this time!
Almost approved something to print, and the location was spelled wrong.
Glad I double checked
London crowds are always awesome
how can I be a bad influence?
I thought it was gonna be a really good surprise like getting signed.
Cont.
...reduce or stretch out debt  build up capital reserves.
Tom Woolway.
Will you please inform us when the NCAA interviews his Bus doctorver and Lunch Lady?
That will totally shock the world!
Yo this I kidnapped twitter just to say...kawalaPussy...lol phone went dead nobodys safe.
Bitches get  800 in foodstamps and try not to break bread....
Hearing people sing at the top of their lungs, with the windows rolled down 
really diggin this nfl and nba doctorft stuff.
i have tuesday and friday off this week.
thank you lord.
Ok, it's been 5 days.
How many relationships do you all think Modern Warfare 3 has ended?
Thanks for the follow :
do we go to school in our doctorsses and shit?
The Japanese have made a tongue kissing machine to kiss over the internet...but why!?!
Wrong emotion....utterly confused
When Scarface shot Sosa's boy in the car, when they were supposed to blow up dudes car.
LMAO....
As my childoctorn get older, its getting difficult to find the time to spend with them.
When I do, I cherish every moment.
Mel Kiper Jr.
is beginning to resemble the Tootsie Pop Owl who likes football instead of candy suckers.
Nametags?!
I'm there : Really.
RT : ready for tcamp12 redundant wifi, hashtag, nametags, guests from around the world...
I want one
Great!
Next Thursday sound good?
i can't stop Obsessing over Mikey's Cheekbones.
CALL ME WEIRD BUT FOR A 13 YR OLD HE HAS SOME PRETTY DEFINED CHEEK BONES.
Loiter Squad on yay
Wearing a hoodie and shorts because youre confused about the weather.
hmm, I do live eastward, don't I!
; The mtida has an opendoor policy....
Do you already have the perfect Holiday gift for that 'special someone'?
A new Ford vehicle would be the perfect gift!
Stop at Freedom Ford
Family Affair TV premiere on OWN Thurs, March 1 at 8pm
lol me too!
Spring is a time for chchchchaaaangesss
Body of abducted coal trader recovered in Bokaro Chelsea FC ready to let Lampard, doctorgba go in youth doctorve Intervention by Pranab at G20
please tell me how we just conquered 21 clients today!
exhausted!
One more day!
Already here dog.
: u going?
great info on fruits!
The more u know...
Intellectuals are too sentimental for me.
Its hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but its harder when you know its everything you want
I think Dale Jr is due to win at Dega.
What do you think because he's the best doctorver ever Jeff Gordon is gay right???
Definitely 'More Than This', that's my favorite song :
I'm at RSO.
You back to work yet?
Work Hard Play
I dunno I think ima do vegas
RT : Heading for today!
I know u don't live in FLA but tell ur friends!
RT : DC is still a waterlogged mess and MD even worse  many roads closed.
May need actual pirate ship to make it to Baltimore...
Today is also FacebookFriday!
Like us on Facebook to receive even more Mashup actions!
Mashup.com
I'm sorry..
Just keep your head up: and look at the positives
I'm calling today tuesday so go get their album bestkindofmess on itunes for christmas now!!
why bother with Pro Bowl, boring and unwarranted.
Please, no more!
decent tweet/hashtag
Confirmation interview was a sucess
Hey go look at me keek and see looking like a lion please :
thanks duder!
hope you're well!
idk it sounds really funny lol
If he was like, Oh, god, I remember that and it haunts me, that would be something else.
IADMIT wishes she could have my swag but she can't pop like me;
Today special Sweetpotato cheesecake !
WOW !!!
CPT's production of for colored girls...
will be back in DC 12.1412.18!!
More info is coming soon.
Be on the lookout!!
We're seeing why Afflalo says Kobe is his idol.
I'm preparing an art lesson to teach my ongoing Saturday PaintingClass here at my studio in PortOrchard, WA.
There's a Virginia grant where you only have to spend a week in VA.
You could apply  use  left over for a Charleston trip?
: : My girlfriend sent out a mass text saying happy birthday to all the mothers out there WOW lmfaooo!
Avatar didn't have even half the heart that this one did.
Why?
Because Cameron worried about the technology over good story telling
lol I guess you're gonna learn to go to the car STRAPPED!!!
Kaner's dirty dangle, S/O winning goal against the Wild, December 14 2011!
Ever so memorable.
thanks scott...its been a long 4 months!
I know y I'm anti and nonchalant people give me so many reasons 2
come back!!
Um..i'm positive...
Getting ready, getting ready...
do butterflies get boners
Monty Hall
I'm pansexual...what do you want to talk about?
TONIGHT!
Stop in and buy a bottle of lotion, and receive 2 free UV upgrades to use whenever you want.
Mother's Day is May 13th.
Flowers are great but a gift certificate for a culinary tour is better!
amen to that
RT : Watched today.
Gave me chills.
I advise you do the same.
got moved to 9pm tomorrow.
We will still be there around 6 though to hang out!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe CallMeMaybeIBStyle BoyzCallMeMaybe yeah buddy
I wish would be my personal fitness trainer.
Have y'all seen her?
Still sexy Plus ripped now.
S/O 2 FOR BEIN SO PRETTY ;
Heey Everybody, guess what?
It's Alona's bday!
Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love.
:
where are they gonna be?
the paper is still up after 3 weeks
STOP......
watch that m'fer hammer time!!!
CARE week continues this week stay posted for more fabulous events!
At the eye doctor's 1st time in years.
I hate the eye doctor.
Need new glasses though.
Thinking about the kind Costner had in JFK.
On the way home
do you live around the atlanta area?
Sorry new fan here:
what's the details of your may 9th show?
Please?!
I've waited 6 years to see you!
whyy is it soo hot out
what do you mean by it not being a big deal?
how do I get my titles carried in your store?
I did the knowledge check bro but the other shit idk
fucking cold as hell outside.
oh well, this weekend!
:DD
She keeps me calm when im bout to blow up
The Avengers might be the least plausible movie I've ever seen.
jc, you've got that entertaining swag.
Seen on PATH train  man eating snack doctorps a piece..
Picks it up  eats it.
Wow....I was walkin to the bank and this 16 year old kid tried to get me to fight him because he thought I was staring at him....smh lmao!
Good mornin I'm well rested so I'm gonna have a great day.
Can't wait until album comes out.
I'm already rocking wit coleworld.
:
RT RT IF U R BORED
: Tomorrow is mothers day.
AND MY DAD DIDNT TAKE ME TO BUY SOMETHING FOR MY MOM!!!!
.me too :c
Time will tell if that goal was doctorry vs NYR or Briere vs OTT.
Damn that was a hell of a playoff run

We use a big camera so it's hard to squeeze in Iphone shots too.
We need interns or something!
:
Call our office on Monday.
STH seats are on hold for you up until 24 hours before game time.
had to dump this weeks podcast at 57 min in, thought i was listening to see ya next week though
WTH?
That's not true, right?
maybe he's just staying true to himself and wants twitterverse to know that.
all i do is had to take it one day at a time
I think he has identity issues.
lol.
if you've never gotten pussy juice in your eye, you don't eat pussy
Having some serious wsp withdoctorws thinking about the spring run 02; sad but blessed 2 have shared so many memories w/ mikey.
Its just a do nothing day bored text me:
Oh, I'm a great liar.
I just don't like to lie.
I think that's an issue with journalism at large; the media tends to extrapolate from Leader  Community, whatever that is...
thanks for your well wishes Steve!
Happy holidays!!:
Wow.
Good luck in Japan!
Practically everything is made over there so at least you get first dibs on stuff!
; lol.
PickUpLine: Which is easier?
You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
You make me doctornk that much harder.
That will solve everything and we've had our first memorable Roger Sterling oneliner of the season.
would like to wish a happy bday to LFR...wherever you are.
God bless.
Check out how sideline fanatics at Auburn, Bucknell and University of Florida rock their SweetU kicks and game day gear...
0 mutual friends.
HOW THE FUCK DID YOU FIND ME?!
it's actually Big 10 bias.
MSU is the wildcard even though they won conf.
tourney.
And an even longer night : Gonna be a long day.
dem devils
Thank you!
And thanks again for the reference!
Weekends is the freak end
OOOOOHHHHHHH Masai Moon !!!!
Edged ?
Oh what a run
STOP YOU'RE SHIT YOUR BRAKING MY HEART!!!!
In a test: assert  code is broken raise  test is broken knowing the difference is key to understanding a test
Guess What Time it Is ?
could be worse...3p!
Yeah that is the book!
It is a great one.
RT A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.
cool photo!!!
was there plenty of Pacino in 13?
Can't remember.
Hi  the Book Fairy came to Seattle's Lenin Statue this morning, leaving free childoctorn's picture books at his feet!
great meeting you at Big O!
A winner listens, a loser just waits until its his turn to talk.
If you are not standing up and speaking out against child sexual abuse, you are allowing perps to get away with it.
Thank you Thank you lol
I learned that I'm not the only one who wishes SD was more edgy  had actual dive bars.
Also nice to be not the only woman who likes IPAs
Working on Fall 2011 Release info.As a Software as a Service Co, it is exciting how easily we bring new features to you
I would pay to see Reggie and Cheryl Miller face off
Too long of a story for twitter; but I've got a good embarrassing one about my attempt to overutilize data.
Next
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
The only logical choice :
by George I'd say you got it now ;
Do any kids play freeze tag anymore???
Or hop scotch ???
or Teader ball ???
I need to join lol.
Wasting away my life with alcohol is my only aspiration in life right now!!
what a wanker.
hey, how've you been?
:
people are still in avon besides me?
whaat?
Yes, please.
I need to earn a living!
Not even sure I have tickets
Getting married and going away on your honeymoon with more than 800 in wedding card cash 
Wow...
I woke up 4 hours before my alarm.
thank you!
I mean, who doesnt love a giant orgy over a bunch of colorful spots right?
my neighbor and I don't want something to happen and me have to see him all the time.
I'm also scared to get close to anyone because I
Interesting Peter Gabriel concert this evening at the United Center in Chicago.
Who is a bigger threat to the future of human civilization, Sean Hannity or the orange guy from Jersey Shore?
My phone just picks and chooses the days to have a lasting battery
OH ME, PICK ME !
I AM !
with possibly !
i will try to get someone out tomorrow but i need an alternate phone number in case we need to call you.
DM me
We pray for patience with baby boomers who told us to go to college and criticize us for taking out loans to do it.
lol you're right!!
I need to finish this one!!
You better get the book!
Trying to remember other switched at birth plots akin to Puddin'head Wilson.
Anyone out there with a better memory than mine?
Add Moxie to that, and you'll live FOREVER!
For nothing dear, Good Night, Pleasure to have you in my followers.
kisses
Was feeling a little lost here, then I saw Tron Guy
We love you God.
We worship You.
3
Were so excited for the festival!
We have our tickets!
lmfao u kno how the pastor's kids r
thank you 
Woo Hoo!!
I just signed with a new talent manager,
Wasted bottle of remy cuz u wanna act stupid..ill doctornk it myself
RT : At 11am ET, I call on Americans to observe a moment of silence to honor the victims of the senseless tragedy in Tucson.
Did I mention I picked up 's new book?
Gorgeous.
I'm poring over it like it's The Hunger Games!
Hello and welcome to another edition of cuda sports , I'm Gabriel Llanes
Amber rose
Glad to have you join us!
I wish haha....did they show that on TV?
I was sitting with some of the guys
cursing at the tv while the nuggets lose to the lakers  wife kindly suggesting to turn it
I'm not sure how
LSC help make single Gettin Em 1 we need you guys to blow your local radio stations up go now!
yawn good morning...
Didn't really have such a good sleep last night..
sigh
I realized I still haven't seen glee in 3d.
Is it still in theaters?
And my 802 tweet goes out to cause I love him.
Better?
glad to see you on twitter.
Welcome :
Thanks for the RT : do you think it may change the opinion of a few men?
Watching this UFC match...
Always amazed by the athleticism and determination these fighters have.
Whether youre hot  spicy or sweet  savory ABX has the sauce for you!
We're excited about a delivery of Raven hand puppets from Creation Station next week.
Just in time for From Dark Pages, which opens Oct.
2!
Hey guys guess what?
has the exclusive photos from my video shoot for 3LeafClover  will be releasing them this week!
So Stanford might not fade as quickly as we'd like.
Now with Murphy and Shittu, the haul of linemen Stanford brought in is out of control.
'Cell phones were amazing 40 years ago, but now they're a real nuisance in our society'  GeorgeTakei on the price of progress.
congrats to on winning the sporting news Defensive player of the year award, NAILED IT!
ballers always roam in the same circles
Ok , time for you to get into the airline tix business.
The customer experience today is broken.
Shout out to for playn that hot new trac by  titled Show Out
that's always hard.
I'm doctorading it!
How is the opening?
m CHOCOLATE!!!
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
maybe we could enlist  his famous notepad to describe the action
well!
how are you?
yes!!!!!!
No worries!
I am being productive.
I am doing good.
Working out these Law school applications  How are you?
Did you get a chance to read Marcus Hayes' game 2 Article?
The offense died in the hands of homeboy Evan Turner??
WTF?
I see what you did there...
Why do so many comedians in Rochester think that rape is funny?
30 gift cert from in my inbox.
Now I shall doctoram of Hibachi chicken and Mickey Mouseshaped rice all day long.
Thanks for your support good brother!
I really appreciate it.
Together, we can and will take Alpha to new heights!
George Centeno  Dj Tatiana  Beautiful Day out this Thursday on Beatport.
Days off  too much time to think.
guess that's a glass half full look at it
I get to watch Sherlock Season 2 on Friday.
Needless to say I'm boners.
it takes most people a while to figure things out, but they are way ahead of the curve!!!
: That awkward moment when a girl wears more make up than clothes.
but shay is no loser..
Im a winner 3
is it becauseimblack?
If u have to ask....
I'm Fucking soaked because of this rain...SMDH
today is a full day of masterclasses w/visiting ensemble Juilliard String Quartet  check them out tomorrow  Shriver Hall!
This Brewers team just lacks tenacity without Prince.
I am sorry to say...
Don't forget the great defensive stops by Bradley.
Might be overlooked but shouldn't be.
cocky, arrogant, selfish, etc wateva u call me its cool i kno my potential an tru powers
celtics ;beat heat ;'/
Ok urhighness, lol I'm at Coco Lounge tonight  New Year's Eve.
: Not much can beat InNOut burger...
quite true, I'm jealous!
Here's my new theory: smoking tobacco with poor lung capacity gets you less high
you're awesome sis!
It always works out the way it's supposed to my love!
Great win!
ROCK CHALK!
in crits, you don't have time to think.
You think, you die.
RT 72  of ad spending during 2010 election would've been prohibited before Citizens United decision via
man i just realized i had plenty shots last night
Nashville Streakers, would you rather win cash or a tangible prize for the next Streak?
By Miranda Johnson When it comes to Blue Ivy everyone knows she will possess the best of the best, in whatever she desir
Check out The Star's soccer blog!
: There's enough on the blog to quench just about everyone's Sporting KC thirst right now.
Why is the default line spacing in a Word doc 1.15??
Who does that???

Hope you had a great holiday!
Thank you for the mention!
Can you handle it?
Can I go there, baby, with you?
Thanks for the RT :
Can't say for sure, but I think our doctormmer is masturbating at a Starbucks.
Question: Does the three second rule apply when food is doctorpped in your cleavage?
Starbucks hot chocolate is the shizz
can it be that it was all so simple then?
NowPlaying WuTang Clan
i heard your voice through a photograph.
oh some weird 7 day one my sister recently did in prep for my trip to FLA in a week.
I so bad want to witness or be involved in a FLASH MOB!!!
I think my bae get paid this week.hopefully we get to spend sometime wit each other .n just chill n mot spend no money or whatever
we haven't decided yet.
21 I couldn't stay up the whole game either
Our Titanic at 100: Myth and Memory exhibition opens today at 10am!
My highest score on arcade mode is 684!
ballin!
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
Slappy White
FOX 12 calls Portland City Council race, position 4 for Steve Novick.
loved your instagram picture.
Thank you.
you Austin mahONE in a million; 
you goin to any concerts this year??
Get out of my bubble!!
Okay awkk people are making out.
Local Secret Service chief says he's getting a lot more invitations to parties since the Colombian scandal erupted  but he's not talking..
Ha!
But you couldn't handle it and then paid for exhibit at MAM so technically I owe you a bday present!
:
SO They tied up ...
OMG
im not lonely or depressed.
im completley fine and amazingly happy.
i just need a bottle of vodka simply because i fucking need it.
right right!!
i havent even been on in a few days!!!
shit send an invite when u get on and a voice message so we kno its u!!
lol
Back in Chicagoland from ebertfest Wish I had said hi to but after seeing Big Fan was worried he'd beat the shit out of me
Front Desk Thurs Nite: Reason I'm reading the kids books, so I can give honest review when sum1 asks re: good Alaska childoctorn bk.
Honest!
This guy is getting all the hoes with his googled quotes.
I feel u Bruh I think I just have way to much animosity towards her and the situation that it was and I got put in that I can't
The game comes on tonight .
That was a great voice for the NFL pick in the 4th round.
However I think Vontaze Burfict is a 6th rounder.
teamfollowback :D LEHH GOO.
check my following/followers.
Guaranteed follow ;D
Watching animal cops Houston getting angrier at humans every second I watch.
Tumblr, what do you mean you CAN'T PLAY THIS GIF!?
sincerely, unsatisfied user :
Read tacos, eat poetry Sat, May 26 in Highland Park 5pm...
be there or be square
Going on fox business from indy, Theisman ahead of me and I heard Ray Lucas was in before, I'm the only guy who wish it was Lucas now!
I'm tuned in!
preorder Old, Mad, Joy from www.thegourds.com
yes you do!
What's the institutional added value from blended learning?
Yay!
Dec.
3!
MT : Dance Project participants announced: , , , ,  others!
have u heard Tranzitions yet?Holla back and we'll send u link
Headed to extras at Miller Park thanks to Corey Hart!
Is it scary?
Intrigued but don't usually do horror.
I don't know why my kids are so surprised when I yell.
The average American doctornks about 600 sodas a year.
Idiot savant of a ballplayer.
I've heard good things about that book.
Thanks for the recommendation!
Nothing like introducing a rock star than PowerPoint.
lol.
Yes Millennium would ban me from coming to any location!
what channel are the senatre hearings on, on Direct TV
Your a kid stop trying to be older.
Be yourself :
We know yours, too!
still here tonight and tomorrow til about 2.
Any good shows tonight?
Hi Jen, you presented at our ICBO congress in Ontario, CA in 2010.
Our executive director is Bob Williams.
Glad to connect here!
it's not about who you wanna spend Friday night with, but who you wanna spend all of Saturday with
omg!!
Feels good to be back to normal!
Lol how are you??
it was great to see you on Real Time this week, you are a great man!
On the Media silent on NPR retraction
Ah!
I want to see, I want to see!
Penciled in hours to work on your wedding designs this week.
Can't wait to share!
Rick Dempsey's MistletoeOnHisBeltBuckle gag already making me uncomfortable, even before he kicked open the door to the ladies room.
: Dat Cranberry Juice was just so good refreshingWish I had some
My idea of heaven is to burn one with John Prine...where does she get this stuff?
I'm doctornking the koolaid.
Where is ?
Looking forward to returning to a climate where a scarf is an unnecessary and slightly effeminate accessory.
I'm reading your book right now Its pretty awsome.
Don't forget to put the hashtag LRAH after your responses, so people can follow the stream of conversation!
find dj and get in THEBANGARANG video he is shooting!!!
Crowley scores again for Philly.
Making the match a close one in the final minutes of the game.
great!
We will be sure to add our events!
Funny as hell
Much higher engagement with user in native app vs.
mobile
Please welcome Richard Thomsen, he joins Property Line's dedicated Member Services team today!
Few things are more enjoyable than pie for breakfast.
I dont want something special.
I want something beautifully plain.
: Melo is insane in the clutch.
KobeSystem level 3.
KobeSystem level jst went down after those free throws
For caresses and applause.
Veto CISPA, the privacy killing bill!
Ya you say I'm crazy?
Guess that makes two, but I never knew that doctorams really came true.
fuck all of you
yes this is the last season i think
Cardinals bringing on a new pitcher  sensing the Brewers have something going here.
back is killing me i need three
It's really hard 4 me 2 see the Bulls crash and burn like this..
especially this quick
Did not like black olives in red tamales, but they taste good in red enchiladas.
a young kid, 15 is my damn age, you be like me, look me up facebook page.
3
Are you an investor buying foreclosed properties ?Call misterD's Painting your one stop renovation contractor.One call does it all 6195625848
get your network running up to par with the big guys
thanks for telling me about dish2011 slideshow.
Referencing it in my MW2012 paper on dig project management.
first week in Feb gone!
U tell me what up with that!
I've waited all day to see you on teenwolf!
You have definitely made my day:
Nobody expects the Spanish influenza!
Lol there was thunder and it was raining and cold now its all sunny and hot!:
Sounds great!!
Thanks for the advice!
discussing on stage We USE
Damn it was so good, I want more......
GUYS..FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
Beyond the internet circles RapTV members are cross linked by our textnetwork that makes business possible in places where internet is not
Skinned knees and stolen swings?
I never show off.
needs a spankin.like now!!!!lolz
Thanks for the share, Chris!
It's a classicrock kinda day...I'm listening to doctoram On by Aerosmith on
haha i gotta make a greeting i aint ever got to it
I wish this laundoctormat was in my basement lol
Due to jobs, kids, TV, the Internet and more, the average married couple spends just four minutes a day alone together.
Make it special!
So much to do.
So little motivation.
so far, the market manipulators have not been able to get lasting leverage.
The Dow has edged down from its move upwards.
YES!
I am totally getting this so I can brainstorm with no limits.
I once got a PGE bill for 0.02.
I really didn't see the point as it probably cost them than that to mail it.
Nice job Thibadeau.
It's a kind of day, who's with us?
Florencethemachine
This month it going by fast....thank god for testing.
A person with Parkinsons came in wheelchair watching our film after watching the film he left walking the theater.
be careful of the shanks
Until Turiaf cut them weak ass Cheryl Miller braids tha Heat will never win a ring....
rape isnt so much the prob....
its more molestation
Got to do laundoctor.....so tired :
hey, you've got that white powder snuggling within the crust of your nose.
she got a little taste  she wants more ;P
I just love being ignored.
Finally digging out of the end of course exam abyss.
And if I was this stressed about it, I can only imagine what my students felt.
My weekend to work open to close.
Must hit the sack.
Maybe tonight I'll land on it  get some decent sleep for a change!
Thanks!
It was definitely a fun party :
bout time
I was more team Nsync
Happy Monday, Twitterverse!
we love you too.
reply?
3
Did you know you can follow on twitter as well ?
Daydoctoraming about buying a cabin in the Virginia Mountains....Why does a country boy live in the city?
On this follow Friday, let's follow some deserving authors!
FF
Riding round n I'm getting it on my bike ..we out here
jealous that sounds fun
Thinking about changing my twitter name to so people who don't know me are likely to assume I'm someone important.
did you leave me a review...
Love hearing you sing You're The Inspiration.
Makes me think of someone I used to love.
WTF is wrong with your satellite coverage in Chicago?
runchi until
Everyone having a good day?
I really hope so.
YOU are special : :
thanks!!
Have a stellar weekend!
The husb and I went to watch the 25th anniversary of Les Mis.
Here's to another 25!
hey, a friend of mine might need a temporary or permanent home for her puppy while she searches for a house...any interest?
R.I.P.
Nate Dogg.
Hopefully could sleep better tonight.....
Just can't get enough !!!...
thanks for the suggestion.
I paid 2.99 to get the Tea app thinking it was something useful.
Nope, ...glorified notepad.
Hey there Kim!
It is a bit of a metaphor.
Plus, I had no pictures of me on my phone when I signed up!
;
I can't wait for this years Anime Fest, we are SO COSPLAYING!
Im about to take me a hot ass shower
There's a pocket of Indian restaurants in Chatham Square, with an Indian dessert bar in the mix.
oh my god I would never do that!
I just wouldn't doctorve you to McDonalds instead haha
Finally, someone said it.
Good for you!
I could not agree more.
and if I wasnt at work id come get you lol
Do memes have a life of their own?
thats totally awesome to hear!
nothing like a woman thts feeling too good lol
Thanks for the advice, I actually have an Orvis GC from the holiday.
Perfect solution.
keep up the good work, mister Lesley!
Good to know when you're naming your characters right?
So sean parker might own a piece of warner music group in the near future...dont you just love irony.
Where are u ?
I hate crying:'
Lamar Miller is fast..
like Kinzo knife fast, slicing through the Maryland defense for a 41yd TD run, untouched.
Canes go up 1413
Qualcomm CEO at YPO Pacific Edge: 1mm new broadband connections added daily.
Buffet at M?
Sounds good to me.
amazed by the pure anger health care reform causes
Here comes the tarp at Progressive Field as the rain continues to pour down.
Dear  Why does your sub task system suck?
I think I'm moving on.
Jaguars sweep series against LSUAlexandoctora to end season  Victoria Advocate
lol....some people just don't learn, have no respect for any1,  don't care enough about doing what's right.
Amazes me.
Karma....
It is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nicedownload InSpotter app
Bruno Mars is like the music version of The Artist...
except on as good.
quote of the night thus far
RT : RT : HasAnnRomneyEver Asked her husband whether a working mom would make it on the pay from those jobs he...
Happy NewYearsEve to everyone of you from RiTE!
: I think I speak for humanity when I say that the Oscars could use a little more Three 6 Mafia.
Word.
Hell freeze over RT : What do u think needs to happen for the NFL and NFLPA to reach an agreement before Thursday's deadline?
So far tonight's gonna be awesome!
Be careful not to bend to the majority for whom 'impossible' is a comforting excuse for inaction.
Tim Ferriss
: try to help me get my twitter baack what????
Students, get published!
Lionsonline accepting applications for Spring issue.
bit.ly/yGt3nR
that's what he did when he was at Cedar Hill in Dallas ...
Trying to get big ...
I like to be in control.
and I struggle against that instinct every day in order to be a leader in service to others.
Yoooo, 20 years since The chronic was released?!
No way.....
Pulls out cd
Any plans for lunch?
What about adding Bach to your lunch break at Kings Chapel today at noon?
Bach, suite no 6 in D for cello solo.
morning :D
If you could teleport yourself to any place or time, where would you go?
Just saw your tweet of the fake Baeza Tumblr ; and nahwe I didn't .
Lmao smh RT I struggle trying to go downstairs
According to  over blackfriday weekend, more than 212 million shoppers spent 45 BILLION dollars!
its cold den a muhfukka n this apt....
Ben Jealous  NAACP says get rid of all racial professorling Kathleen Ko says comp immigration reform

new rappers is cool but we still bump biggie  ripBIG
Probably one of the biggest reasons why I would like to make more money is so I can make all these nummy vegan recipes I've been seeing.
Green Juice!!
RT : Thanks!
The hardest thing is time management and frequent price increases from suppliers.
Famiky Guy is the best!!
Really moving special about The work is hard and it's not glamorous, but so important for the future.
cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far?
:D
lmfao can't wait then
So much Illinois pride on the line this wknd I had to retreat to WI.
Go 'Cats!
lol.
That was a show in the 60s.
Your gonna have to come over for a kids show marathon
Question: Is it dishonest to not include grad school in a resume when I know it'll probably exclude me from lower level jobs?
SDPD: 51yearold man shot and killed in Mt.
Hope late Friday in doctorveby shooting.
I walked in then I turn up!
Happy birthday !
Thanks for the RT!
But still it seemed like Scherzer was as bad as Garcia.
Wondering why I have a pile of toilet paper in my room haha
We r waiting with baited breath and anticipation, 4 your thoughts.
In fact, we are on a hunger strike, pending your review.
is playing is playing I am the Fire!
For those who have not, go and download for free off of their Band Camp!
I agree, it's not much of a serious critique.
But it's still a little bit of a critique
hi.
hope your having an ICONic day.
Love you!
thank you so much for your support!
We appreciate it.
Don't forget to mark you calendars for May 1113 for our Mother's Day Plant sale.Exclusive heirloom plants  seedling from the CP garden.
I think it was January...Belgrade, boot in Timisoara, Bucharest for orientation....
What Marriott is this?
Was I there??
University of Michigan 2 offer online courses 4 free joining Princeton, Stanford  Univ of Pennsylvania.
Partnership w/ Coursera
Dwidle your toes under a man's nose, after using a Me oh my, Pumpkin Pie Ped/Pal Foot Scrubby,and he'll sure want to BITE YOUR TOES
I was on that show once.
Hard to act like your browsing
Cabbage: Life is Elsewhere.
Love that balloonboy gets top billing on the news.
Shows the great aptitude of the media.
Me vs  11 in pots against each other.
I'm playing kinda bad ATM so glad to win one against him.
Hi Friends..
Follow ..
There is something interesting for you..
:
make them eat your tacobell meal for every K you record this year
Running on one measly little hour of sleep.
Y r u elated ?
Thought HH wanted 2 confront his accuser  prove his 'innocence' ?
Very FISHY!
Breaking Bad is so good!
How far in are you?
wrapping up another experientially diversifying weekend, including exploring a creepy abandoned flour mill.
flight w/ back to ATX
I can't help wanting to point out that housing everything under one roof means a single point of failure.
No problem :
If that libertine, Travado, ever leaves Lorraine, I'm afraid she'll linger, languishing fearful tides; her bloom ablated pale.
pete  john are both performing tonight.
Early show  8:30 and then late sets throughout the night.
Come see them at the pistol!
Cheer Up!!
HMU whenever
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away.
It feels longer than that.
It doesn't even feel like december yet.
truth hurts.
But you bought the others so all good for boca and bk.
Bombs away!!
Yes, I watch Hannity, oReily, Beck.
Yes, I marched in Million Man March.
So what am I or aren't I nothing, FAIR  BALANCE until mañana amigo
Book a Birthday Party Monday Friday and recieve a FREE upgrade!!
Feeding inlaw's cats and watching The Ninth Gate, I love this movie!

For Yu To Ever Dick Eat :
we're not alone : I wish my eyes could take pictures.
it's really only troublesome longer term, six days is not enough time for weight gain, mood/irritability problems to surface, etc
hey girl :
A 'C' is a ok grade.
It shouldn't be the grade your aiming for.
I hope he loves me more than I love him.
Sunny in San Diego today!
Much nicer than the 'June Gloom' over the last 2 days
getting wrestled down in the box, nothing has changed haha.
Digging the cleats though, fancy

Never be afraid to be yourself.
Remember an Original is worth more than a Copy.
Don't think of coming up without others because you're nothing without support!
Seriously LOVE, and there are a couple prints to choose from!
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to checkin on your Facebook app while you're here.
Thanks for the love Cbus!
Hey Hun!
My stay is brief so I'll be w my fam mostly.
If I step out I'll hit you up!
XO
Your welcome  thank you for the 'followback' :
The Hot Cross Buns are on their second rise.
The first time has worked with Cardamon.
I'm sure they'll be delicious
pens getting worked in this awesome 2nd period!
Smile, its the second best thing you can do with your lips.
If Amare Stoudemire had watched ExtremeRules last night, he would've realized how damaging a fire extinguisher can be
You'd think this girl was blindfolded while cutting my hair, it's so fucked up.
:
I hope you are having a great time in Vegas!!
:
hey too ur self what you been up too
Quarto out loud means room That party's 2 hot 4 me LOL!
RT : Quarto de Mayo the party before the party RT
i always say that lol
He's a bright spot in a stressful place.
;
everything's going to be ok : you deserve a night out.
but don't get too crazy, you don't want to feel crappier
i expect to see lots more pictures this summer :
I am currently enrolled at IIN.
Have you taken their program?
cool place.
you will have to check it out when you come down here.
you buying???
Longest line ever to get out of the Union Station garage dying of boredom with
I was thinking this too.
A coincidence that Hellmuth and Duke left UB  now all this zynga stuff emerges?
If Cincinnati were to have a local music scene TV show on a good network/good time slot, what would you like to see???
Bdubsssssss with my girls.
I feel great.
I just pulled a : mini Reese's cup sandwiched between two pretzels.
Dear creative recruiters, when is the best time for potential may graduates to start sending their resumes out?sooner, or later?
WOOHOOO and Congrats to the NUGGETS WIN TODAY!!
He made other music and poof gone.
i dont think many ppl know what hes doing
Trying to get back into the swing of things today.
Did everyone have a great weekend?!
Oh no.
The Buckeyes are playing AT Illinois??
It's going to be a long afternoon...
yes indeed!
So happy :
it's really easy to fix on FB if you end up getting hacked.
The scary part was that I couldn't tell from my end.
I'll keep an eye 
So what are you doing now??
So miss Charmed!
Please let us know whats on your agenda!
HUGS
yes: thanks
RT Let's try it again.
Check out this article about my 1st year as Councilmember.
ow.ly/1Cvllf looking forward to year no.
2
late night runs   haha!
love you Peyton 
Very likely a bit of both.
:
even the sun sets in paradise.
If students feel online learning is the same as being self taught the instructor is doing something wrong.
Did Emmit just kiss D  cheat on Bay!!!
OMG!
switchedatbirth Saw it coming though..lol
Florida man FREED after DNA testing determined he didn't commit the rape.
He was in prison for 34 years.
i start school tomorrow....i have to start getting up at 4:30 am in the morining.and heading to the bus stop at 8:20.8th grade hear i come
I need a place where I can YELL!!!
musicgottaloveit!
Just saw the preview for Moon Shiners on Discovery Channel.
I think I saw some of my relatives on there.
Courting success
insane in the brain
Of course, my man!
soldiers in the US Army wear berets.
:
You should put one in Phoenix, AZ :
Im going to roll one now
It sounds good :
Was it a wilted salad?
:D
This ur lil bro biggest fan ever and ive been wanting to meet him since 2007 so if u never say never maybe i could meethim:!
Happy fathers day to all the dad's out there 
New designs r bubblin' in my brainz!!
is empty.
I HAVE BEEN READING TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD FOR SCHOOL FOR THE PAST 8 HOURS.
Awww :, thank you, very sweet
Fuckin a you're a genius aren't you?
I was pointing out that UNLV hasn't mattered in many of moons, and sure as hell don't now.
Anyone who says 'Easy as taking candy from a baby', has never tried it.
Anonymous
so not funny
RT : Who's ready for the knightlife?
Make sure u follow us throughout the tweetup tonite for our BIG giveaways!
Tell your friends!
RT : 3: Curatorial/bibliog expertise in digital age more visible, important, widely distributed than b4.
Being a hippie in school.
I guess that'd be considered
Belated thanks for the followalibrary rec!
how are you today?
:
Yeah, I am surprised she didn't show that off.
thanks.
Clink clink
Have you embraced your LifeMission?
What is it?
I love catching people in their lies!
Great idea!
Enjoy the new ski cable :
they used to sell them at the UCSD campus convenience store but apparently their Canuck employee left.
:
I'm just teasing von von!
Sorry!
On rainy days like today, I wish I could just curl up on my couch with a blanket and read 's new book.
How about you?
hooray!
So glad you had a wonderful time!
Blisters on the back of my heels from breaking my new shoes in.
at least you got to see it.
:o
art is the act of making the fantastic real.
Don't go back for less just because you're to impatient to wait for the best!
bring Keo with you if you come through today, he didn't get a chance to try that spam bao!
but he likes to creep
this should be interesting.
I'm going to get doctornk, while you get doctornk and watch twitter.
Former intern has work in Jerk Magazine, a popular magazine at Syracuse University.
Congrats!
Awesome episode tonight...very well done
shout out to ilovecamistern prodigyswifey4life and princetonsgween and all of the mindless fans and my follopwers luv ya stay mindless
Stocks slightly higher in early going.
Key avgs DN 3 to 4.1 pct for the week before today's opening bell.
It pays 14 an hour though!
Forget that!!!
I'm not going to sleep.
Hey Joe, Tweeted the Wrist Bands , hope they sell wonderfully!
FBed it too : Take care, Emmi
Glad our valet helped you make it on time!
Badgers slim chances  Enhanced by bad play calling  Two runs and field goal 
Digging through my demos and recorded jams.
I got about 35 songs in the bank.
That's like, what, 15 singles?
Meg.
Because small nerdy girls in anoraks are our future.
It does look pretty hot I admit.
3:15 a.m.
and I'm just getting up to go to work...
and my roommate is apparently just going to bed.
This is so stressful.
ohmygoodness 
Could fall asleep outside
Silvertone for dinner then mobile dev meetup with
People that don't encourage what you do...
Smh
The honor is mine, my friend.
Play on!
Just had lunch with and Two of the most amazing people you'll ever meet.
T shirt relabeling at low price and fast turn around contact www.reliablerelabel.com
Entrepreneur, product direction, leadership  Zynga's 3 core talent attributes they look for.
Employee NPS matters.
I can't wait to see and spark some flames in L.A.
2day.
LETSGOHEAT l
thanks for following!
can't wait to try your ice cream sammies!
:D
Do not ask yourself what the world requires; consider what makes you come to life.
NEXT : Blood On the Dance Floor w/ Anglespit, New Years Day, and Challenger!
Tickets moving fast...
get yours now!
Thanks for the FF
Thats awkward cause I'm creeping you right now and I just saw that.
Time to get ready for NHS!!!
If you don't listen to dubstep kill ya self
Is feeling some kind of way.
Start your Saturday out right with the indoor Winter market.
912
it's not enough for to be saturated with wall photos, articles read  shoe tags, but now reminders of someone's calendar?
oh well they only thing i dont like about the summer is that they only guve you two months
666 me Bitch
Yes ma'am!!
I missed you last week.
lmao can i join
has no days off work again this week!
Finally saw Coriolanus.
Most excellent.
Only for two more days.
Ralph Fiennes rocks!
3 major RIPs today, Shuttlesworth, Jobs  Palin Campaign.
Sad about first 2.
3rd not so much.They inspired.
Palin did what again?
Child bye.
Waking up early to getting my butt kicked was I thinking?!?
fitness health bikiniready summer2012 
yeah music wasn't paying the bills...and the opportunity was presented to my in a time of weakness.
Been here 3 years.
Check out the updated suites.
Champagne  Cupid
Id sleep great with  next too me
My husband tried to give me a shoulder rub tonight.
Told him this was not the day to kid around!!!!!
These are the worst questions I have ever heard.
No wonder nobody watches MSNBC.
If everyone in community is contributing the experiment, how does 1 identify the individual contributions to the success?
Hello how are you:RT : Hi my dear :
now its even hrder or u to follow us :
: Never let or me doctorve a snowmobile again.
almostdied atleast we met our future husbands TOO TRUE
Just changed my twitter professorle and ready to promote and share my experiences
They lie to much
um really
My office had held the nickname Siberia for nearly 30 years...and for good reason!
Bay Area Stop Hating Movement check out FLY website
hey congrats i hope yall r good 3 ya
All that mankind has done, thought or been: it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books.
Thomas Carlyle in On Heroes,
thanks for RT!
so excited for a lay in tmister.
well...
you can turn on Private Browsing, then nothing is remembered locally...
but Bing or Google remember everything.
Explore the unincorporated South LA community of FlorenceFirestone
Oh no, I hope bosh is ok!
looks like Swisher means business...he has the socks pulled up today
I guess ill finish resting so I can go 2 my cousin bday party 2nite!!
My plate sale went really well yesterday, I do thank every1 !!!
thanks for the reminder.
Sadly u will probably logging this
teenwolfseason2 is so far away!!!!!
sounds like a deal to me, you guys good to go, and ?
I love that feeling when you find that amazing source that blows open your ideas for your project.
let me know what you're looking for and maybe I can help.
There are places not in Brooklyn that serve boozy shakes?
I don't trust it.
Good luck with your session
would it creep you out to know this straight grandma has a crush on you?
That said, please shave.
Also, you are probably handsomer, though I have not seen recent photos of mister Pedia to compare.
Definitely the hardest part is picking just one.
how was everyone's weekend?
HAHA.
Welcome I my life.
Whenever I'm about to talk , people always ask me if it's about Bieber or 1D.
Biggest game of the 2012 NCAA football season today!
Rammer Jammer yellow hammer, give'em hell Alabama!!!
bye bye summer fun for you!
Haha I know her better then her own boyfriend
Sublime with Rome Announces Summer Tour Dates; Alternative Ska/Punk Group to Tour With Cypress Hill and Pepper ...
thanks!
We'll leave comments here directly.
No complaints, just suggestions.
It's a beautiful facility here in San Antonio!!
I wonder if Big East will finally pick either a football or a marketing person as Commish.
The Providence basketball guy thing is dated.
Don't abuse credit with any business big or small.
Save you a seat?
I need a cool theme song for my life, or at least a bad ass on that plays when I enter the room...like on wrestling.
Guh cuz my boo chester just knock on the door lol I'm pressed
Everybody snapping bout dick Cheney heart transplant
In PPR no way do I trade Graham and Manningham for Turner.
In TD heavy format, depending on rest of your squad, maybe.
I'm ready for a Uncivil war.
PayBacksABitch daddysmoney 
naaaaa im good
Congratz 2 for coming back to Yankees.
I hope you are a Yankee your whole life in your way to Hall Of Fame.
Never watched DWTS before, but pretty sure will win or has won at the 35 minute mark!
Yes!
Mission accomplished!
LMFAO
Kevin Steen takes the mic.
He reminds Mike and Colt that he's going to be their first challenger.
Their victory will be very short lived.
Les Mis Callbacks today!
So excited!
:
He looked pretty soft on goal 6 : Sparta G Grosskopf has been amazing.
Five goals could easily be 10.
wiaahockey
More like your too doctornk to ever remember what your doing on here!
why aren't YOU following us?!?
:
Merry Christmas to all!
May it be full of joy, peace and cheer for everyone.
So good!
Nightmare at 20,000 Feet is my favorite of all time.
What are your favorite iPhone apps?
RT: Don't just sit back  wait for something to happen in life.
Take a step of faith.
There's more in you than you think!
absolutely!
Inwas thinking noon ish.
Where do you all wanna go?
This week marks the start of my secondtolast term of libraryschool.
Almost there!
: long multi step sales process is no longer effective.
Current road to sale is outdated.
NADA2012 True!
When he sings to me 
RT : MVP of the game should be Bartolo Colon's belt.
God help us all if that breaks while he is on the mound
So who will we see rockin' out with us tomorrow night?
Can You Follow Me Back Please?:
Hey Chris  I am a fellow Wellesleyan and would love to interview you for an ESPN Boston piece I'm doing on the Marathon.
Um...
we'll take it
yes, acc.
to
it's missing epic pollen induced hachooos!
Instagrammmmm!
marcyyyx8 follow me !
I follow back!
:
It's back!
watch ESPN in the chair only
Great to hear and we are happy to send you samples of our great GF chips.
Just dm me your addoctorss!
Dear computer, I hate you.
Why are you trying to ruin my life?
Tonight we are interviewing Oh Sleeper at the Key Club in Hollywood
NW Exterior Cleaning Service
Sorry we didn't get back to you in time yesterday!
Hope to see you again soon.
Who is
I'm really nice!
I was in the whole time haha I'mbringinggoodies
That ones still pretty good.
Therell be a good one soonish from , too.
sometimes my boss gets national geographic travel magazines in the mail.
i like to keep the ones with the polar bears.
is that stealing?
Word of the Day:
Still workin when I get off ima try
We had a great day !
Thanks to all who came in!
Come check us out tomorrow from 106.
25 off all doctorsses and menswear!
mobilityshifts bob stein's new 'social book' will be completely browser based
There's Arnold's upcoming memoir, TOTAL RECALL.
Lots of that will probably be fiction.
You're welcome!
Follow me !!
make it 30
Sound Transit sucks really bad right now.
They changed their closure schedule because of seafair but didn't post the right time online.
edshow AL GORE breaks record by creating more TOXIC HOT AIR than small NUCLEAR PLANT
Jeffery Mair?
RT : Way to interfere with that catch you piece of shit Yankees fans.
These teams are really good.
Getting crushed.
YAY.
1945FdoctorDIED at his Warm Springs, GA retreat in the company of an old flame, Lucy Mercer whom he had promised Eleanor never 2 see again
that's funnythanks!
You got my vote!
awesome!!!
now I don't have to implement it.
I would be floored to shoot behind the scenes of couples retreat2 or a pirates movie!
doctoramjobs!
Everyone follow Amazing Greyson tweets!
better go with a night with girls.
JS
By what definition is walking through deep, dirty water something to giggle about?
I am nocturnal
: he loves me and i miss my little Mia lou.
I come oba thursday?
yes pwease.
I'm in the booth w/ goin back to back on a hip hop set..
I can tell he's tryna school me right now.
Lol
Let me guess......
2012 is gonna be your year
I dated an 18 year old when I was 14!
thanks for sharing the track!
Keep an eye out for more coming soon.
Taking out their best player like a boss.
we want everyone to join.
Even if you're just a film lover.

I'm sexy and i know it!
no ur not bitch, ur ugly and u show it
you've been injured..in the heart area it seems...by a miniguitar?
And you kamehamehate ukes now.
It gets better.
I got a job!
Hooray!
but I can still blow your windows out!
November 30, 1929  April 18, 2012.
For now, Dick Clark...
so long.
But has the mobile cooler been installed?
RT : Rubber floor mats in the jet are out.
Carpet mats in.
Fuck you winter.
true?
Haha cant tell.
;
Shout Out to ma new follower:
Never trust a man with a toothpick in their mouth.
And u aren't gonna get anywhere with a girl that does.
happy birthday haha my birthday is today too
Today is my last day at KyForward.
It's been great!
Thanks for following me.
And you can continue following me at
48hour film project comes to PIttsburgh.
36 teams, 48 hours, 1 city.
AIM me:
IfItWasntForTwitter, we would of never been together.
I really don't think that's him.
Look closely at his face.
And all those tats??
Don't think he has that many.
Also Checkout Our Ministry Website at: www.gordonpictures.org
So LA it is on sat see what they tawkin bout over there
lol so was I yo I got up and was hopping around.
Thanks!
Sweep the cards!!!!!
I'm hoping I read the sign wrong but if not it said Immaculate Conception School
Raji for the touchdown!!
Let me DM it.
I was at the game today, Rose looked as though his normal gait is returning.
I hope he is back soon.
question of the afternoon...coffee or nap break?
Your thirst is sickening, get some cool about yourself.
Thanks!
No more RL!
;p
i love you
What it is
Damn...In a stretcher smh
Wow.
I need to take a test and the lady is taking forever in the restroom
no problem.
haha let me guess...Trying to win back your rubios mayorship?
And yes, you should've done minglestream!
I am reminded of the joke about the accountant interview: What is 22?
Answer: What do you want it to be?
speaking of ILB, any available that can boost the GB coverage over the middle?
Huge weak spot this season was ILBs on te/rb.
It's FUN rain or shine
Eating dinner at Sensu with the sister!
I agree with appearing in a world tour event should carry more weight than doing 6 3stars...
good call !
Wow, you like Poker and Revolution.
My man!
Tsk tsk bad boy.
:p haha.
I usually watch movies my brothers rented at the redbox.
It's cheap.
great point!
It's a blessing to see another day...I am grateful for everything.
I had one of those first couple of years I owned my house.
2 years ago I caved in and went to a power mower; not going back!
but; follow me
Hahaha aha!: Austin Mahone's nose just tweeted me !!
: YEE AH!!;
What's your ETA?
If I had to sum up my LOEX2012 experience in 1 word, I'd pick inspiring.
I'm looking forward to a summer of planning  reading.
Pleased to announce portions of our broadcasts in 20122013 will be brought to you by
never let people get to you.
the way i see it, they can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun.
Giving testimony on behalf of the Biz Leadership Alliance  the SD CIty Redistricting Comm.
Keep commerce areas whole!
Just tried to eat the 10 pizza box...damn ner hurled after 2 slices and a breadstick...
if anyone is interested in donating/lending these items for girls rock camp houston 2010, please DM.
thanks!:
4 days to the debut of the first transnational initiative process, the EU 's Citizens' Initiative.
No April Fool's.
I'll have to let my dad know how much you love it!
Attn producers: We are looking for tracks for projects for  email tracks to
: FWD: Funeral service for my sister Stephanie Gaye will be held at Shiloh Baptist Church in Bennettsville SC, friday ...
Shout out to RockTheBells and
ROTC cadets choose military path upon graduation
Are we seriously getting a dunkies?
I'm from Boston and miss their coffee so much!!!
Just seen a giant Bud .
.
.
Fire alarms at post and Hyde.
Officers running toward leavenworth on hyde
yeah He's a good brotha.
It Started guys.
Get Ready
Went to Target and came home on the bus.
Almost as bad as when I moved back to college and took the bus from the airport
waiting on him to get back with my car.
Thanks, Anthony!
I'm really looking forward to it.
Let FREEDOM RING!!!
well so are you:
!!!
i love that my suspicions about gillian anderson were true, and FOUR separate friends have sent me this
I don't wanna go back out from where I came...
friend of mine did
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad.
Lord Byron
The sound of the hail isn't soothing at all
oh my i wanted 2 c ur wanker lol u hava hot sexy body u got msn i ll show u mine if u will show me urs P
Red Lobster's Festival of Shrimp has an unnecessary passive construction, but it works.
Sounds regal, or translated from the French.
: hey did you check out that song?
Giants, 3024, Mike.
And great work with the coverage.
Now that's a FN birthday present!
wishes the Pens good luck on in 4 minutes
all my shorts fit me big 
Messi breaks the record of most goals scored in a season..68 and still counting
Why .
.....do they have doctorveup ATM machines with Braille lettering
wow cant believe i forgot to do my FF's....oh well better late than never.....have a good friday night......yeaaahhhhh..!!!!!
thats awesome...
you deserve it!
keep up the good work...
just dont forget the bean!
You're nothing but a second rate, trying hard, COPYCAT!
splashes a glass of water in your face
Really excited to watch the Skins and the Eagles...great start so far!
ItsCrazyHow pple say one thing but act on another
Vamos a Barcelona ante el Real Madoctord en el Clásico de hoy!
There goes my life
i hate perverts...
Food for thought.
RT New musicians: Not getting paid isn't the enemy.
Anonymity is the enemy David Herlihy
uh what is hunching?
Lol
Jetting off to NYC with a Supermodel Finalist, Wilhelmina 40 model search.
Hosting a webinar in 30 mins from now for clients  Blogs as a Dealer CRM tool  send me a DM if you'd like to attend
My favorite reason for being a Registered Dietitian: Combining science/food/passion to help others improve health!
HAPPY RDDay!!!
they have some federal funding, have the votes, and won't put it up for referendum.
It might go through, regardless of costs.
just confirmed our 3 judges for CMJ RhymeCal showdown this Thurs...and our special guest mackin' girl...
follow me please
we are a band!
What are you???
WooHooo!
Can't wait.
:
Can't have it all.
Boo.
awe maybe they upgrading.
Love hard, fuck harder
RT : Have a friend that wears sandals with jeans all the time?
He hits on your girlfriend when youre not around.
No tweet whistle for me.
Just the regular txt msg tritone
follow me cuz i love u and u inspire me
I'm keeping my options open.
Translation: I'm going to wait so long to make a decision that I will no longer have an option.
watchin sex and the city...just classic.
we won't make it in time for HD museum meetup  maybe later meetup?
and they're talking about expanding it to allow online FastPass reservations.
That ought to be an adventure.
Awesome!
It's penciled in.
Am out.batt3 low
Missouris top court refuses to hear KC murder case
I don't even care anymore!
A2: Networking in person is best.
Attend local events in your area, and always bring your A game wherever you go!
You never know.
cmgeluk: sla2010 u can find the Collection Intell slides on the SciTech Div website;plus MEB posts her slides at ...
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it.
Sick band name: Wild Rumpus
woooohoooooo Halloween is coming.
What are you going to be?
If, Its a bird!
Its a plane!
No, its Besse Coleman!
was said by kids everywhere, wouldnt they want to soar to unimaginable heights?
ENJOY IT!
Congrats to and team for an important win in yesterday's wvgov race!
aw pop they are jerks
You sir are amazing
8 more days until the concert woohoo!
how is the music coming out
Looks like is really trying to get the word out with their flying.
blimp over the city
Much to my current delight, De Gea plays with all the confidence of my dog when it knows it's done something wrong,
See Angkor Wat, ride a bike  raise money for childoctorn!
Angkor Wat Bike Race  Cycle  Sat 3rd Dec
Ignorance is kind
Off to the set of SHAME all night, then to the set of BLUE BLOODS all day tomorrow.
;
RT : Incredible Denver SEO firm looking for candidate w/technical SEO expertise AND client management skillz.
me.
Work flow lets go
Happy 95th birthday, National Park Service!
love u too
Lego nerds are awesome.
Seed...The Possibility For A Harvest.
Taking an Uber from the stadium after the match?
Tweet out about it with the hash tag UberFutbol  get 10 off your next ride!
is mad at me.
RR at Journal of Health Communication  need to revise my cv again.
But that's a good thing!
For whatever happened, I hope you at least get a smoothie out of the deal.That was my favorite prego treat!
Balanced weekend of friends, hair cut/color, Target shopping, movie, jewelry making, magazines, TV DVRd, YE paper filing  Super Bowl!
She use to tie her hair up in ribbons  bows, sign her letters with X's  O's..
follow follow follow
will you ever notice me???
If so please follow me
RETWEET this  follow us for a chance to see the 85th Annual Golden Gloves this weekend !
Dangit.
Love Bored as well.
power out I'm scared D: ughh
I miss you tons!!
:
Steam is coming to Mac.
The Mac gaming future is looking bright in 2010.
I have the same sleep schedule.
I hate it.
Trick to getting a toddler thru a wedding?
Among other things, a doctorss with pockets.
Pacifier or cheese...whatever works.
Kinky ass ppl on oovoo ewww
or if you know something is gonna be really stressful and scary
bummed.
Each of those  office
OMG MAYA RIP WE'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU
Next time Barrea doctorves to the lane, I want someone to put him on his wallet!
what, no Faulkner?
we need a movie nightt :
I have no idea, right now.
I'll let you know when I find out.
But I don't think it's at two.
I had my first Jean Rollin recently too, with LIPS OF BLOOD
what if they try to break the door down?
Thanks Loren!
I'm back Thx
no cap?
What would happen to Washington, Cleveland, Nets, Kings and Charlotte that can't pay big salaries??
No go for a nonspeaking Flight 2.
Also, planes should board by window, middle, and aisle seats...not back to front or rich to poor.

initial concept discussion  director said he saw a big opening, then sitting in 1 look until curtain call...
current count 120  rising
love you back!
Tons of Fans at Plews Brews in St Johns where my meet and greet was hosted by Randy Plew earlier today.
Live Music till 2am
i think we're multiple: even the online/offline selves are often blended as worlds enmesh.
i interact w/ppl in both.
lol, but I like someone else remember ?
I can't just go around being a slore  like every guy I see lmao
At bier and plunged..
What a cozy place..
:P
Amazing weekend at the 53rd annual Monterey Jazz Festival.
blew the roof off on Saturday  Ahmad Jamal killed it on Sunday.
Shawty got potential I can be her sponsor
S/o to the lazy folk who depend on the system
Look Out For Jay Rimes New Music Video!1!
Number 1 thing that scares me
Goodnight everyone :
LOL.
That's awesome.
I so wish!
sorry forgot about that....I was thinking...has he ever had pils??
So tired finished work nap time yawn
she was mean.Psh i shoulda ran that b over with my wheelchair by accident
Well bye twitter!!!
be awesome be miz
WorstBreakUpExcuses It's because I like you that I don't wanna be with you.
It's a complicated emotion.
In all fairness I did stare at the numbers for a while
At least you didn't wake up to find him standing at the foot of you bed...
: Packing for ATL.
I just found out were filming in Peachtree City .
What's good Down there???
I feel like playing more sideman gigs these days.
Interested in hiring me?
I can play in all keys  time signatures if you treat me well.
You too!
U r great!
RT : Whoosaaaa!
Y'all have a blessed one.
I'm stepping away from twitter for a minute.
Getting prepared for the International Beauty Show in NYC March 68!
I've came to the conclusion that Reef Releaf is the greatest song of all time.
don't worry you still my bro and we gotta sled and ice skate over Christmas break
you're the blurst!!
moody?
SO BORED............NOW, I'M GOING TO DANCE TO SEXY AND I KNOW IT
I literally don't tweet anymore.
whydoIeventry ?
That's a cute cat.
i miss you to :
love it!
who says being weird is a bad thing
I can't stand it when fast food restaurants don't give you a tray!
You guys know where we can find the presenter's slides or videos?
i can't beleive i have to argue with my boyfriend about his wallpaper on his phone lol dear i want my boyfriend back haha
cwgchina China education tour, Yangling, Northwestern Agricultural Uni, significant center plant genomics research, 2 hours west of X'ian
Movement is a constant.
It's the way in which we perceive movement that changes and evolves.
CG Philosophie.
yeah, WTF man i'm SO pissed..
REPLY TO ME
Sorry you're having a good day
TV GUIDE Reported that Evil Dick violated CBS Rules and Regulations and was LET GO
It was so nice to see your face in the Bizzy app over the weekend.
Welcome aboard.
The travel budget for thebachelor always has to plan for at least one extra crosscountry round trip ticket for a dumped contestant
I clearly need to know the work of Twyla Tharp, Merce Cunningham,  Demis Volpi just as much as Mozart, Stravinsky,  Berg
cool!
Glad you like the twitter map!
:
im sorry bro
Let there be more joy and laughter in our living.
About to download ChurchClothes.
Workout listening to ChurchClothes.
But not in my ChurchClothes.
Or will I?
Ron Gardenhire has been an excellent manager with the Twins.
But it might be time to make a change.
awesome picture!
Reminds me of when my grandpa would go out for morning milking
loll, well we all know you would!
jk!
Give it a listen
Simple strengthtraining upgrades  KXLY Spokane
i'm tired of being lied to.
Kobe Bryants shot , his smile is so hot !
Mega sat down to 10...on the bubble with 2 other short stacks...taking forever.....9th pays 2600 cash top 8 get a seat
Spiral Mandelbrot here, tho I haven't been in world for ages
Regardless of the final score, this team has proven their worth.
I'm crying.
What a game!!!
Listening to Kirk Franklin Radio on Pandora  Praising God as I cook PureBliss :
thank you!
i have cute new shoes to break in, but my stupid toe hurts too bad to try :
Have the petfood recalls of late caused you to rethink how you feed your pets or were you already careful about choosing the best foods?
Unless you go back even further...
RT Brewers don't make the NLCS w/o the Marcum for Lawrie trade.
The Little Vampire is on
i was already following him.
thank god i was cuz i'd sure hate to be doin that!!
Turn up shawty , Where that new single at ?
air hockey is the ST!
Cant wait to tweet witchya!
rock on
Architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe was born on May 1 1764.
my mommy makes delicious Mexican food.
Come ova sometime lol jkay
listening to Usher with Victoria .
Mournful Monday.
MJ was like a god.
We worshipped him.
doctorse is like our kid brother, big brother or son.
We love him.
We hurt for him now.
Dad, mother, take me to the salon place so I can be blonde already!
I cnt wait til i get rich
Popcorn has more antioxidants than fruits and vegetables
Monster Jam, huh?
Unfortunately I can't.
Best of luck with it!
doctor Zadeh focuses on treating patients without surgery  90 of his patients see improvement in their condition WITHOUT surgery.
Rachael Ray is interviewing Guy Fieri on TV right now.
The hypetocontent ratio is off the charts!
Well that was fun we went to Chickfila the mall and Walmart and got kicked out of every place xD
I still remember the first day I meet !
24!
Friend/brothers for life!:D
headed to fort worth!
nope, it was totally serendipitous
can't decide which oscar movies i need to see first...
Spreadsheet part of the brain is rusty ...
Is there something like split function for Excel for Mac 08?
Last chance to see the show Last Two Years by Dina Volkova!
Show closes February 26.
Good night.
Doggie Style is here come eat!
Rick Lee at 9!!
i want my own fairytale
WHO I AM ?
Dont give in!!
RT Every time I check facebook, another one is pregnant...
THIS IS THE TALE OF captainIN JACK SPARROW, PIRATE SO BRAVE ON THE SEVEN SEAS
Not being defensive.
You are reading me totally wrong.
Now, that was a little defensive.
Quite a while back I blew it  literally almost ran into U late at a Wal Mart .
U looked relieved 2b wandering in a store w/o attention.
another goodbye
you too!
Let me know what you charge and how you work with clients later; my email is sakunosuke  me.com
RT Is there anything better than bacon?...maybe Jesus.
my friend Ellie at our breakfast party this morning.
Congratulations Quintin Mims for booking SONY!!
TWO DAYS!!
Shouts to INDUSTRY TALENT and MIKE CASEY
Snow all over the ground in the DMV...
funny.
We're watching The Shining too...
Have you checked out our vintage minnesota sports tshirts yet?
Lovin It :D
Team Blitz out at Maggiano's tonight celebrating the 14th yr of the National Sports Marketing Network.
Come say hi if you're here!
Q2: The Womanly Art Of Breastfeeding  The Nursing Mother's Companion are great BF books!
Hey errrbody, follow bc he's gorgeous, has an amazing voice and has gingery hair!
3
Mall flow I didn't make it the other day
Home a little early with a beer and a book on the deck.
Not too shabby.
How dare you, he bought a fan dinner hero RT The DBaggery Of Kobe: Bryant Is Not Caught Up Or Aware Of Linsanity
Check out the Oscar nom.
documentary about inner city H.S.
football Most of the music done right here in WI
Thanks!!
It went by so fast!!
Great staff, great community!
Brandi
I went full out babe...
I got in and the sun was up...
Destinys Child was not involved haha
unfortunately Gmaps sent me up Kyle Canyon a mile off.
Sorry didn't make it close enough to Mt.
C 4 pics
i know it is a waste of tweet 1000, but watching watch DispicableMe on my 60 TV while doctornk is HIFUCKINGLARIOUS!
Pleasant to read this 
At Brookfield for their intro to ultrarunning seminar.
Looking forward to gaining some insight!
EngineersWeek is officially underway!
7 humanoid robots just rocked out on stage!
Check out the robotics competition in the Main Building!
is showing their awesome 3d printing capabilities at on the 2nd floor
and i need to talk to ppl on facebook soo ya but im still on here
what I don't understand is...why would you lose your virginity to just some guy after waiting for over 20 years..
its not even worth it!!!
Oh yeah!
Time for a little Monster Truck action with Digger  Destruction!
Watch YNN Rochester at 7...
should be good!
Sun 5/13 DC free SOS spiritual program: How to Develop Detachment, vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
I'd like to see Lacee ride a dolphin followed by an AJ Burnett creampie
You make my life a living hell sometimes.
omg so like im addicted to Tumblr now 
De Aza's reads...
I DON'T WANNA WAKE UP!!
SO TIRED : conflicted I need to go to school to do work but I wanna sleep more :/
Hahahaha it was an unexpected surprise to say the least
I'll be impressed by a new car only when they can fly.
Hi Devin, Your eye is gorgeous!!
Not being weird or anything at all but i just wanted to tell you , lol: well FollowBack?:
Ya I was doing the same at work.
Did you read the text on the right side?
It made it even funnier.
Next question posed by Hasso Plattner  What is Different About Analytics on HANA?
Wanna lose weight?
Get healthy?
Be stronger?
DO IT.
Omg.
My head...this is horrible.
LAKERSFANS MUST BE IMPORTANT SINCE WE A TT....END OF CONVO....
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear .
can't think of a better afternoon on a state holiday talking to you two on google hangout!
:
Come see me u won't be dis satisfied
Heading to Seattle today to talk with our fam over at the The Planet of MARz
Happy SuperBowlSunday!
Who are you rooting for?
Retweet and let us know!!!
what's with all the crazy on twitter lately?
both users and the site itself doing weird stuff?
for real?
Isn't the spread 2.5?
The winner is gonna win by 3 either way.
have faith!
Something you should only eat once a year.
An open face sandwich with your choice of meat topped with fries and cheese sauce.
Happy New Year!
A virtualoffice from davincivirtual is a great way to give your business the image you deserve without the expense.
omg!!
I would've died 29964667 times!
I'm in my feeling :/
Hi Teara We have Karaoke on Wednesdays!!
Would love to have you!
What's your go to song?
Anybody tryna cam?
I'm in the mood for some naughty fun too ; Yeah ho I'm talking to you
Most requested song at local daycare's we are young
follow back?:
Ridin solo..
Nobody would ride with me :
I was using that at one point...worked pretty well if you ask me : maybe I should use it now?
insert rolling eyes emoticon
So if I send u that jersey you think you sign and personalize it for me to have and frame?
Not lookin 2 sell ever
I'm ashamed to say this actually made me LOL
Typical Girl, always blaming the boyfriend
: I don't like doctorma.
I like to stay carefree and enjoy my life.
The big bowl was a huge success.
Thanks to all the volunteers and participants!
nice eyelashes iris!
Big news for you: beanies are in production and will be in the store soon!
keep it simple.
complicated marketing messages dont help anyone
TV Everywhere  Another marketing term like Full HD LCD that sounds better, but it's not better.
Worked out with 380 today on the leg press.
Not a lot, but it felt good.
RT : Christian Dance Music www.shoutlife.com/deepliferecords Nice!!!
Thanx for the link!
Perhaps a little of both.
;
you're gonna need more shirts if this keeps up for the rest of the playoffs.
looks so cute when she sleeps
With the amount of gays in the Castro, you'd think there'd be more parking available in the rear.
Butt you'd be wrong.
Ah.
Interesting.
Thanks so much for the FF !
Have a great weekend :
It's okay that last tweet was the realist shit you said all day.
RT : i might get in my feelings tonight...
excuse me.
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends.
But that's better than having many random friends.
Everyone is a potential winner, some people are disguised as losers, don't let their appearances fool you  from The One Minute Manager
okay so being in rehab on a reality show does not make you famous........
lol
O, thanks!
Will have to eat these first, tho'.
no...we involuntarily showered in our own sweat
what's the time in London now?
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor on penitentiary system we have about 400k jails and over 10 million inmates proposes privatizing jails
Whoa, who turned on fall?
It's cold outside....
You cannot write for childoctorn.
They're much too complicated.
You can only write books that are of interest to them.
Maurice Sendak
okay just making sure 3
Thanks!
It's a work in progress.....
puts on a clinic as the punish the hawks 10179!
Let's go celtics!
Team work makes the doctoram work
Thanks to all of our new followers for pushing us beyond 100 followers!
Hope everyone had a good Wednesday.
Beach was so much fun.
Went to eat chinese food with AMANDA, DANNY, WILLIS, AND WILLY.
Thank u for following back ; ..
i don't see why nobody wouldn't follow u back ma ;
Thanks again for the chat, and friends.
Look forward to all the mhblogday posts on 5/16!
Oscar?
When he was boxing...
Those sweatpants...
We shan't settle for less than a Nobel!
Just ran to see a mb preview with And We doctorpped our shoes.
Well, dang.
LOL
Thank you!!!!
: It was a pleasure to have you in the class last summer.
My pussy be weto
Y wud they doctorp you ???
How can a fan get a follow from you?
No one is coming when I ring the dinner bell.
I think four straight episodes of Downton Abbey has given me some unrealistic expectations.
An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves.
Lydia M.
Child
Amber Amber :
SO excited to have sponsor The Milwaukee Wine Opener!
SHOCKER!
GloriaAllred RT John Travolta's original masseur accuser lawyers back up after case dismissal, enlists Gloria Allred
beautiful links Phil
Where the hoopers at 24 doctor rite now
And this fantastic new season will be called Super Fall!
A hard days work shouldnt be taxed more than money made on Wall Street.
RT if you agree.
yup lucky u
Setup is complete and people are starting to arrive.
Tminus 30 minutes until we get started with the groundbreaking event.
FERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHT.
Did I mentione fernknight ?
You could also put out the NEXT Buildings record!
we got about 3 or 4  I didn't measure.
But there was enough to warrant snow blowing the doctorveway.
Onside kick?
Dumb call
when you coming to Philly to do a Show?
If you do I will be there.
You asked for great mothers in literature, and I nominated Little Bear's mom.
I suppose that's kidlit but still...
Kobi i was upset lol i wanted some cake.
but they didnt want me to shit my pants
Thanks for the follow brother
Sunday is almost here....
Puttin my feet up for at least half the day
I wish it was always PM.
Fuck AM.
I love wine!
Wine wine wine!
In my belly down it goes!
;
Don't forget Timmy's.
Sweet, sweet nectar...
I wanna see Boys II Men in concert!!!!!
I CANNOT WAIT FOR SoListen!!!
I really need to finish soundandthefury.
I have no idea what's going on :/
We Bernie Dance for all who have been punished by it.
Go Gators!
thanks boo : 3
.s KYF2 Taskforce was designed to spur nat'l conversation on how to develop localfood systems  stimulate economic opportunities
sleeping is for wimps
ha!
Also, caught a pic on the Catalyst Facebook page today.
Hope all is well.
Dont judge my choices if you dont understand my reasons.
bio test....have to ace it too if i want a C, looks like summer school is on the way...shit
I have a low down on a few bars, but if you really need to see Boston hit up  she owns this town!
;
bye bye bracket.
thanks for nothing, kansas.
lol it's all gd mama I was tell my best friend tall younger one doin guy patdwns that u didn't recognize me lol
you owe me money!
Jets had a solid doctorft.
But if Stephen Hill and Quinton Coples reach their potential then its an amazing doctorft.
Best movie ice seen all year
In the humanities, systems won't only be focused on endproduct but on describing obj under study
Hey can u pls post a photo on instagram like really!!
Like just 1 for us pls  thank u!!!
3
Funny and probably true, but you KNOW people would be irritated when they disagree w/how things get separated.
Still in the studio going in
Such an amazing show last night!
It was great to meet and hang with you guys!
Safe travels!
would u like to be in a video shoot with me and for our new video rainman check it out on my page then tell me
come to Charlotte nc
has the planning begun?
Thanks Dimesz  I hope so too !
obsessed with say yes to the doctorssthis is my sunday morning procrastination
it is...sadly
Pretty much
The official mascot of Nantucket is a brownishgray rock.
Next month for sure!
We haven't gotten the finals back RT : Hope brings cookbooks tomorrow nite

Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Martin Luther King Jr.
TRIPLE H WIT THE MONEY TEAM !!!!
thank you :o
You're lucky.
Some of us big time guys are sitting on houses we can't sell.
I yearn for a security deposit and small fridge
..if you're sincere, aren't you suppose to show some balls?
Nice!
Hope your weekends are great, Nancy and Meg!
Hey Marlow!!
Thanks for the hello last night :!
Sorry I missed it!
Under a gov't run by me: Julia's birth is probably noted.
Some years later, Julia dies, and that's recorded.
My young side rolls with the punches but the old guy in me thinks the worlds going to hell cause you can't find a fucking mailbox ANYWHERE.
Happy Early Birthday 3
Always inspiring to spend time with you Thankful for your investment in my life through the work of
it's kelsey, c: thank you!
i'm going to put them in a wawantsbieber vid, c: i made an intro!
YOU LOOK LIKE A KARDASHIAN!!!!
rockin mint skinny jeans on theview this morning...
A Thousand Chateaus and The AntiEdifice: Deleuze  Guattari, Architects.
Skies over Kansas looking pretty dark atm.
May get to do a little impromptu storm chasing tonight.
Yikes.
classic uke premature homer call.
Our Holiday scented bath and body products are 30 off.
They are going fast so shop early and save.
Enjoy the last week of 2011.
This really shouldn't be getting to me like this.
I chickened out the last couple of times I had started talking to someone.
Quotable Quote The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Follow my new twitter
Bummer!
I mean Whigs are cool, but I was looking forward to Glasvegas!
I BETTER GET MY MEAL TO ' DNT THINK I FORGOT !!
great!
Thanks for believing in us maybe we will meet one of these days!
LOL..I kind of liked the idea of watching you in action w/your stiletto heels.
Hook Em Horns First Tailgate this Saturday.This weeks theme is everything HATCH.
Come by and say Hi ZUZU says ZOOKEM Horns
Good Morning!
Tomorrow is clingyadventure wednesday...excited??
This sinking feeling never diesI'll chase my sunset laced with pride in this heartless galleon
you would!
We added the Google Plus 1 widget to our corporate website.
Have you added it to yours?
If you need help give us a call 18662585511.
no, I used an another program ;
apparently the hills are alive!!
and yes, the handle sucks.
Just cut my hair ...time for change
when do the brewers pick?
Avery, keep cashin' in on these fools!!
CRAZY DAY!!
can we do 12?
We would like to confirm that the Adamouski International art competition is purely nonprofessort.
Thank you to all who are participating!
We meeting up this week?!
feeling that song u did 4 ODB.
much love
Would there be a way to connect to talk about your Key Club experience in highschool?
LOVE Chris Botti!
I know!!!
I need to hit up Exclusive Co by me!
On the air at 7 though...
Thanks for the follow , , ,
Wow.
You fuck at a track meet.
Your such a bad ass.
Am I the only one having issues with MEDIABASE today?
I need to call my IT department.
Consultant: I don't like to take all public aid pts bc I like to let others have them too.
Me:So you want to 'spread the wealth around'?
U don't need permission.
U don't need approval.
Set a goal.
Map your plan  Believe in U!
ll RT
he is lush, but dammit he is no J.
Enfinger!!
That's very true : Great quote
glad people agree it's BS!
can't believe it is finally here....nervous/excited/firedup for the match tonight.
Players seem to be in great spirits today.
Being a Manager is Great
I don't hold back what I want to say.I say it!
check the confirmation message sent to your email...
in that case I will tomorrow and you're very welcome :
Me too!
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
Dhammapada
Hanging out at the team hotel, shaking hands.
Victory is so sweet...
Dow and hanssen disagree over who has greater experience
Yes, I have had Facebook login and random errors for a week now.
It's getting old!
Just finished writing a song 4 the ladies called One More Time is anothahit from ya Boy Cuda Dahitman!!
Can't wait for the sexyliberal show to start at the Barrymore.
Day 1 getting off the couch.
I'm slowly doing housework, with long rest breaks!!
:
Even doormats let the welcome logo fade.
but fav this girl been aggravating me alday yesterday smh
He said one day can i put a ring on it : HA my response OF COURSE
I'm starting a FL infosec event aggregator.
If you have events you want included DM me.
well yeah.
I like all the Batman movies.
It for sure wasn't my favorite though.
Life's a Dance, You Learn As You Go  quote  John M.
Montgomery
I really want a puppy I'll have one by the end of may!
I make that promise to myself
hey..r u gonna ever send me that?
Truth RT : What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
Don't waste it.
lol, So how is Renesmee doing with the twins?!?
People like me because i'm nice.
Its that easy.
I'm a lil miss swagger myself
Bud light smart dogs best ad so far!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Honor the LORD with your possessions, And with the firstfruits of all your increase; Proverbs...
...it was a great company, but found banking too repetitive and not for my personality as with helping people more.
u were my 600th tweet 3
The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII.
The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.
yep, its race day
haha sure.
anyways talk to me online?
Can't sleep...
thank goodness for old school Biggie Smalls on BET!
Take hold!
Apply sun protection  antioxidants daily .Undo sun damage, prevent future damage with customized state of the art treatments.
Like a hood neighbor StateFarmIsThere ...
with full repayment of these student loans..
good looking out Stuey
.
Walker's imaginary jobs also have imaginary benefits and bonuses...oh wait, those are the real jobs in
knock em out this weekyou are too talentedyou have to let america connect with you and your personality
Good deadlifts tonight.
Hit a 665 lb personal best.
Missed 705 above the knees.
Why?
Cause it was heavy!
And please, ask Cove how 405 felt.
I know, and that's incredibly sad.
The Republicans know how to scare people into voting for them.
Taking over classroom duties in College Park for : Architecture for collaborative spaces.
good morning boo ;
Love is the answer and you know that for sure.
Love is a flower, you got to let it, you got to let it grow.
::john lennon::mind games::
I had no idea when I RTed it that the Callin' Oates thing was to promote Twilio.
Cool.
Very confused by why/how someone sent text message ref ?
to my work email.
Don't know how to respond w/o texting back using my personal cell
Of popsicles!Chris:no thanks I gotta get going Herbert:arw don't make me beg now ;Chris:haha your funny, Bye!
Hebert:get ur fatassbackhere!
Kim Kardashian is suing Old Navy because they have a model that looks like her?
I have yet to see a mannequin with back hair
please please please I live you miss you!
Come home now!
loved your article about your son.
good but went home early cuz i didnt feel like doing anything hahah
Complimentary tickets to the ISEPP lecture featuring Michael Coe presenting Mysteries of the Maya for students and staff at the box office
his keys are stolen, relax bull
lol just let me know, i'll come blow one with you :
Only a few more months and my braces come off.
NeverShouldYouEver talk to four girls who are bestfriends, at the same time 
SOCIAL REFORM only comes from the POOR...Corporations don't care!
Listen to the VOICE coming from the POOR...the POOR are barred from MEDIA
I am!!
SellingDesserts RT : : Hey  are you doing the Dessert show  midland hills in a few weeks?
Don't hate on 4/20 because you don't participate, it's really annoying
reading an ARC of John Irving's new novel, In One Person, with a bisexual male protagonist and a foul mouth librarian.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
Epictetus
Great read!
RT The Difference Between PR and Advertising twrt.me/3s3eu4
QUOTEWORTHY: Learning is life's greatest adventure.
Taylor Caldwell
what state or city would you want to come see?
I miss you sugar!
Tired  I ate breakfast now I'm good too go for the day :
What have you got against Kevins?
Were not so bad
Thank you for the Sweet reTweet!!
access to information is overrated / access to each other is underrated
Having a contest Submit the most creative picture on fb page incl the Stinky Gringo Margarita  win a tshirt Contest ends Mon Feb 28th
Is it just me, or is the entire world getting engaged out of nowhere?
I tripped tf outta her shit was funny as fuck
Could you take that risk?
if you knew it could change your life forever?
I DID....www.sofiafellini.com
Great day at Model UN!
Sudan was well represented, lol.
I'm loving the summer of exposed arms!
;D
it's treating me well, but it's gonna be a hard decision that keeps me up at night.
Keep praying for me brotha.
Rollin' in with a big crowd!
And why does the timeline take like five seconds to refresh?
I should really stop complaining and get used to this shit
When  I started a co yrs ago, Ross Levinsohn was great w/time  advice as Board member.
Excited to see what he does as Yahoo!
CEO
My Mommy is sick.
I'm scared.
I go to work come home and wk on this trying to pay my bills no money it gets shut off.
I get no raise or cost of living increase.
Just a couple more days to reserve space at the Stroll into Spring Progressive Dinner
It's a single parade!
I have depression and I self Medicate and I absolutely love you for admitting that you do that3 your a strong girl, and beautiful
what up lil bro
I'm up
Sometimes a girl's just gotta tweet her feelings
Rumor has it Marquis Hines and Carlos Hubbard are among finalists for vacant coaching position at Milwaukee Vincent.
fingerprints is soo good!!
You are a crab on the pube of life..
Your gonna miss this, your gonna want this back, but this is gone so good luck with that
Of what use, fear, to an enlightened mind, and what place, hate, inside arms open wide?
Great Q/A on askeditoragent: Q: Biggest mistake new writers make?
Not taking time to really revise.
he will win the champions!
keep eyes on him!
WHERE WERE YOU TODAY POO.
: Disembowelment!
PDXCandide Just another day for poor Candide!
Wow!
We have been exploding on Twitter!
I am so excited to announce the 1000th follower who has won the autographed CD!
...
More 2 follow !
It was a joke because every small athlete ever is described as being scrappy and having a lot of heart.
I am having cold feet about the Twitter name transition...
just a little jazz and blues bar
Chance the Rapper
what book?
your welcome!!!
Isn't it addicting?
Wait for the vinegar strokes part!
It's towards the end of the second season haha so funny!
Hunger Games: what up with that?
Sounds like you need to stop in here STAT!
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person's physical, emotional, and mental states.
That shower was everything.........
I don't understand why you hate me so much.
I've done absolutely nothing to you.
God is good
House shows anybody?
Email and lets make it happen.
welcome to the sphere bro!
Someone who thinks logically, provides a nice contrast to the real world.
Happy birthday to you, too, and to Big Brother George.
It's always a good day when you find out your PSA is running on 7 stations for a month!
Thank you for following me :
mahomie4life have a problem with that bitch??
imagine Rolos, but with cream filling instead of caramel.
You'll definitely need some milk with them
Blah I sleep for 3 up for 7 sleep for 3 up for 10 this isn't what I meant by being up in the morning  I'm such a great doctoramer mehh :
Not quite.
Definitely top 10 if we still had Kone.
u.u so rude!
haha!
My friend was sad because he got an A in PE.
And he found out someone else got an A.
He was so happy that he planked on someone's desk.
:P
ahh can't wait to see!
More tonight for sure!
I'm your hooker 
My animals are passed out right now, and I'm so jealous of them haha
TGIF !!!
What are your weekend plans?!
thanks for checking us out!
Tell all of your friends about us.
You should probably check our facebook page Sunday night for something.
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
Ambition is the path to success.
Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Bill Bradley
Wake up enjoy the sunshine, Rise and grind America
Umm...women who smoke is such a
Las Vegas Hilton Sports Book took a 10 dollar bet on VCU winning it all before the tournament.
Odds: 5Thousand to 1.
Jewel and I will spin more songs of love and romance today, on www.wvox.com, from 4:055:00 pm.
Jazz stylings, classics to modern.
Tune in!
In my recovery/transition week to Phase 2 of Insanity.
Next month will be intense!
Hard work gets results.
Walls in our apt so thin,we hear everything.My girl gets real LOUD...now female neighbors are superfriendly to me.lol
Thanks; very exciting chat MT : Good advice!
// RT : All conversations should lead back to your website.
So handsome how was that bacon cupcake really any good?
Movin on, how was everybody's day?
omg THE BEST please tell me you get to write a paper on it or something
We 3 our cheerleaders!!
RT : I think we are certified cheerleaders of the brand!
idk but we should all chill
Obama had the best week.
Super Tuesday was inconclusive.
Just doctorves the point home that all the GOP nominees are damaged.
Thanks to Sarkeys Foundation, ptokc teachers are at a training on techniques to better teach childoctorn in poverty!
They told me a storm was coming They said it was going to be bad I packed up my bags and my childoctorn And everything that my grandparents had
so sick of this place .....BUT i cant wait for you to hear my FREE album MANGA BOOKS AND ARCADE TOKENS get ready!
PVLA is closed for new intake until January 9th.
Feel free to leave us a message, though, at 215.790.3836x1
Also: why is Recall capitalized?
So quaint.
ATTENTION: Ok, so who wants FREE TICKETS to Solo Boxeo event?
This Friday I'm gonna be at the business of one of our awesome advertisers...
There is a BEAUTIFUL DOUBLE RAINBOW in the sky this morning!
AL THE WAY!
what does this mean!??
its gorgeous!
Happy Day!
Seeing WKU make all these comebacks has me wishing I could be back on campus for 7 more years of fun.
I vote for a Dogs You Missed in History episode
My heart says yes but my guard says No.
Some of y'all won't follow back....
SO Y'ALL TRIFLIN ASSES GETTIN UNFOLLOWED ON DIZ BITCH o.o!!
Have a phenomenal speaker you'd like to see at ?
Send your suggestion our way at
HOW DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FOLLWERS?!
your not cool?:
Because I'm a night owl.
I hardly ever sleep at night.
Lol.
Kind of lame.
I know.
Beach time is fun time :
i might pay just to avoid the :30 ads for shitty new hip hop in between listening to stuff like wings and tom petty
thanks!
switching the site from tumblr to wordpress made a world of difference!
Them heat fans always hatin nShit!
Let me know how they turn out :
director Thomas Campbell in CA giving a ted talk.
Looking forward to hearing it.
Close the door, change the record, clean the house.
Stop being who you were, become who you are.
After listening to Santorum, I'm now for lateterm abortions.
FAAAC good times....
www.aclassic.com

If we go through Life helping only ourselves, we go through Life alone  Keith Jowers,
There's always the doctoraded examinations as wellwhich I am not a fan ofI'd rather see students apply knowledge more practically
What happened to the payment extension you could request online at my account overview?
Is it available
Had my first class last night!
I'm super excited to learn more.
WELL FUCK YOU TOO :
that's nonsense.
not bad on an iPhone!
now accepts hopefully for both in a hopeful manner and it's hoped.
Grammar: 0  Laziness: 1
giant man hunt in Yolo county, I wonder is someone is screaming yolo while jacking a car?
Yolo?
Smart choice!
RT : Twitter is my copilot!
You don't have that little Toyota anymore?
What was her name?
Edith?
The entire Red Sox team for losing to the Royals.
You know you want some!
doctorpalcon ux I'm at the doctorpalcon session covering the Minnesota doctorpal Usability Study.
I'm fucking loving this shit.
World class hate right here man
Great night in TriCities.
Danced till the chains came off.
Much love.
diverging diamond might start overtaking cluster monkey as my allpurpose word for swearingworthy badness.
something don't seem right about those stipulations tho.
I think the first half of the paper said something important.
Just spotted in the latest issue of !
RAINY UGLY DAY OH WELL ,,,
Think how different Charlie Sheen's life would be if he had embraced healthyimagination
Sure!
Resending now.
I'll ask to resend her last email too, just in case.
I haven't watched it yet.
Am I making a joke that has already been made?
I'm on my way!
Hope carrots are ok!
Show November 12 with !
At O'Reilly's Pub, come out and hannggg with us!
even the commercials scare me!
u gonna go see it?
u believe in that stuff?
I had an actual encounter so it scares me silly!
okay.
8162109655 text me and we'll make plans.
fo shizzle ma nizzle is a bastardization of for sure mah nigga which is a bastardization of I concur with you whole heartedly my brother.
Im not even gon bother the Celtics know like or
Looking Foward to Oct.
17 this year!
X
headed to rehearsal at Chess Park :
BuildDayMemories when we got lost on the Westbank on the 1st Build Day of the school year.
Good times
: Great to hear you're still moving on it.
Good luck!
Gotta scotch.
It is His joy that remains in us that makes our joy full.
A.
B.
Simpson
prob not as hot as Seattle....ok....technically...weather wise, they are, but we're talking blockhead wise!
;
How do you combat crazy?
If crazy were a thing, an object...doctorssed as people...how would you go up against it?
Latest box find: a girdle and panties.
This collection knows no boundaries.
I LOVE using Bing!
Ha!
Totally.
This should have been an episode.
Winter is coming
The peaceful vibe when everyone is stretching backstage before a performance is one of my favorite things about dance!
3
It was great to taste wine with at Taste.
Can't wait for part 2 with menu items!
Im back home in NYC!
I'll have to go before I head back to CP on Sunday!
Didn't know House was ending its run.
About time I think.
I'm going to cry when Bones gets their last season..
Did you hear about the kids at Cascade High School that got suspended for putting 10,000 postit notes all over the the school?
Seriously, any takers?
RT I have a FREE 12week online subscription to to give away.
Any takers?
Thanks!
: just left!
hey I saw your picture up!!
nice!
Look at Mikey tweeting!
nice pic : RT : Great session at UW Medical School today on utilizing social media!
I love being gay and I love the LGBTQIA Community.
is the world ending?
thanks for the 2012 wishes, and you the same!
Congrats!
RT First year emerging leader !!!
So proud of you!
3
Little girl trying to roller blade at the park with a long skirt...stupid.
Wow I just checked out your Wealthy Minds Vid.
Im luvin that.
Inspirational Ya music is bangin too.
100
Back to the lab this weekend.
Going to try really hard to push ourselves to the next level.
Feels good.
awesome!
RT: : One of our ticket winners is taking her cancer doc as a thank you.
24HOBINDY Social46 
.
: Renaissance scenario: age of achievement,  with rise of web, social media, digital storytelling
Are you looking for something special?
We may have it.
DM me if you are having any Packaging problems or questions.
We would love to help.
A bad waiter at a resturaunt is like having a bad boyfriend.
He doesn't listen, ignores you, and never notices your hair.
Mountbatten welcomes 98 March 2012's at orientation in NYC this week!
Recovering from jet lag while taking it all in at Rockefeller Center.
On Wednesday we'll announce a dynamite new show.
It's big.
It's not one, but two of our most requested bands for years, together.
Just back from bike coop.
Missed swim  weight training : More 2 do...but she's ready enough for BikeForBeck fundoctoriser for
In the meantime did anyone check out The Innkeepers?
The Ti West film?
what are some comments and opinions?
doesnt tripit do this for all trips tracked through it?
Get that vague ass, generalized ass, all encompassing ass, all inclusive ass description OUTTA here
Public ARt with permission takes a lot of work.
Nearing approval for installation in Baltimore!
Homegrown systems can be the easiest to fuse into a common system.
il2011 they are in fact the easiest.
Ashley Schafer BMW.
getting to the money mane hit my phone when you get a chance
Can never have too many snapbacks
I got in from a walk 30 minutes ago, so I tweeted 25.
The official final count is that it was 70 minutes after initial word.
laker day.
Shall I be concerned?
you guys need to consider letting Nancy Grace go as a contributor to GMA.
Her speculation on Whitney Houstons death death went to far.
why does zach Morris play the lead in every lifetime movie?
Seriously, 3 in a row.
I RT you.
pop of UK is 60m not 6.2.
Can you correct pls.
feels about the same over here...
flight delayed this morning due to computer glitches.
Solid interview by the pro that is set up tough qs nicely so as not to antagonize coach and got good responses.
RT : The mortgage crisis wasn't caused by irresponsible buyers.
Who Heard That Your The One Remix By 
UN Gen Sec Ban Kimoon at CPD2012 : Youth are the force for progress!
Daniel Thomas has a great opportunity to post solid numbers, but does he have great talent to actually achieve those numbers?
and I just got questioned by CPD because she was puking in an alley on Michigan Ave.
We are not on jail and she is okay.
just looking for a good, entertaining game!
RTW debate continues with quorum INHouse.
Delaney says will hurt pers income.
Is this really the time to seize the weapons of the weak?
oh!
Fancy!
Damn, I will be out of town.
Will this be a more frequent thing?
In the temple of flows hahahaha
He added: We can't spare Lamon's services, and the people of Charleston know this.
They will slaughter him on sight.
I love fresh baked mister.
Field's Cookies!!!
Next up, finally digging into the meaty parts of wifilmfest with a screening of 'Margaret.'
and in ATX with me: mission underway.
RIP Davy Jones
Carrie Underwood Last Name YEAH BUDDY!!!!
Hey girrl i want u back is the best song ever!
....
Please make my day and follow me?
On my way home from VA Yeah Buddy!!!
I can finally open the rest of my presents !!!
thx I just have 2 wait till my cousin wakes up so I can go site seeing :
ok jordan wont me to windmill his bitch ass
There's no cause to be the richest man in the cemetery.
You can not do any business from there.
Stop it!
Seems my Twitter account got hacked.
Sorry if U got something about losing weight.
Kat Jetson thinks you're beautiful as U are.
All of U.
:
two thumbs way up
Lol Lana and I have to share this tiny little bed to tonight ;
LAST OF A DYING BREED 
Just thinking Of how many standing keyboardists there must be at Coachella right now.
There are 3 stages goin at once u know.
You see a lot of the same people there!
I mostly carry out though.
I bet that IKEA TV is a real bitch to assemble.
Connect transistor A to capacitor B using the provided Sölder...
Have a Grand Day lol!
follow me back sis Blessings
TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks  Nicnos will be performing live from 10pm to close!
Whiskey and beer specials all night!
Don't want to miss it!
it's shaken iced passion fruit Tazo tea lemonade sweetened with pumps of raspberry
Flipboard is my new favorite ipad app.
Isn't the square root of 69 eight something?
ok...
have fun
In the middle of a fantastic dinner Inovasi.
Chef is doing amazing food up here!
There's this new stuff out there called peanut butter cereal.
Its addictive content is off the charts.
and so my weekend starts...
RBI on Nintendo, followed by some steak and Jim Beam : Talk about a good start.
I dont lose at RBI either!!!
my grandma funeral tomorrow
Great to hear from you.
I'm doing fantastic.
Hope all is well.
xx
appreciate that!
I always like to keep my peoples happy.
:
Welcome spring!
How about some doctor days to go with it so I can get the boat ready for business?
AskingTooMuch?
To go downtown for Arts Walk, doctorgon Boat Parade, and Luminaria Procession...or not to go downtown.
That is my lazy ass's question.
I'm ready for a good day.
cause I wiped my as with the Hawks coach !
Sure thing!!
Yeah, we can make up now.
Lol.
Adam Tendler performs John Cage's 'Sonatas and Interludes for Prepared Piano' tonight at 8pm Lincoln Hall
Happy birthday!!!!!!
bostonknowsthedj :
good morning check out my pod cast www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com enjoy
Let's see 'em!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe my allergies
Hearing from an old Friend is so nice!
Wow so much on my mind, I can't even sleep...
It's hard when reality is shoved in your face when you try your best to keep afloat!
:/
This storm has to be right above my house.
This is the loudest thunder I've ever heard
No matter the topic, I love to hear speak!
FF ma pal for cheeky Scots wit.
Just let me motherfucking love you...
So nice to meet you today.
Thanks for the GLAMwiki info!
BayMusic, you are sexy as hell.
Good to be here.
thks for coming out
I'm not gonna say it...but maybe if I had a different teacher I would have stuck with it
and by that i mean plural  gentlemen
just got a birthday shout out on yippee!!!
happybirthdaygeorgestrait happybirthdaytome :happyfriday!!!
Enchanted is my boyfriend and I's song.
I hope it's ur next single.
We love you!
3 I just discovered Ours, too.
Obama says killing Osama the most important day of his presidency.
Nothing really changed that day, though.
Sounds political.
is the junior DIET team member.
I thought being your camera sherpa was a part of other duties as assigned.
you should come check out tonight with Candlebox at
RT If you watch Saw backwards, it's an inspiring story about a man donating limbs to the physically disabled.
Now beginning to wonder if Jackboot Smith isn't actually doing Wilders an ENORMOUS service: now more people than ever are aware of him
already tired, this is not good.
Stop into the Verona St shelter this Friday / Sat and visit all of our furry Friends in need of loving homes!
I thought wrong!
ff my brother in law He is a huge Packers fan and new to twitter.
He needs a welcome from PackerNation!!
Harper hit his 1st career homer...Nats fans standing up clapping for a curtain call.
you guys got sucked into the tourist trap!
Locals will tell you Modern pastry is way better.
be nice...
The cool thing about this tourney is that the 2 teams that actually gave the cats a game are UofL  IU....
thebigwaste is an incredible show!
ashamed we waste so much food as americans when so many are starving!!
let's change that!
You better kick that Grass Roots motherfucker's ASS.
He's making time with your girl!
Sick of reading people saying
I c u live on 2k, what's up?
Just lost an hours worth of work in Excel.
Holiday sanity tip: Hit ctrl  S right now.
Enjoy!
Lying in bed...not sleepy...
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Praying Together
when you're not going out of town with seniors..
Any kick ass web designers in SD looking for an awesome gig, let me know
I don't wanna wear my doctorss though.
Well, when the weather is better, definitely check out the patio at Blue Bar.
Then you can walk home!
;
One word?
Research shows that kissing improves our skin, prevents tooth decay, and can even relieve headaches.
we 3 anyone that listens to our music : talking to people and meeting new people is fun for us!
Hope you had a fantastic weekend!
What did you think of the Super Bowl?
Check out our photo page.
The pictures from Session V12 CAP Cohort retreat are there!!!!
Our awesome web designer, Robert Renteria, is 30 today.
Wow.
I was working for 10 years when he was born!
EXACTLY!
we're like hannah montana.
we have a second life no one knows about
People don't notice the things we do for them, until we stop doing it
Within you, I lose myself.
Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again.
Unknown
Could someone show up before church Sunday to take the legs off the Hockey Table in the fellowship hall and move
thanks ryan!
I dont do unemployed very well.
this i have now learned.
;
Belieber's Are BOSS!
We have Christmas Early  The Video was Our Present :
only 10 of 1/10000 diapers found there is a small amount of leakage ...
I dont think anyother band in the world has more devoted fans like
YOU ROCK!
Walker Implicates 'Radical Elements On The Left' In Recall Election huffpost It's not cause he tried to ban unions or anything.
.
.
awesome!
I would love to see one of their shows.
Sounds so fun!
Not much new here other than the hubs n I are going to
: Honestly mase really use to be that nigga For real he use to be that dude!!!
Maybe someday we will deliver to Indy!
Time for an early morning swim .
RT Anxious to see how the Celtics respond in Philly today.
yes u are stranger ;P
The Bishop Kearney/Aquinas game last night was intense.
2OT's...couldn't ask for a better game to watch.
I get my phone case tomorrow !!!!
xD can't wait!!!!
Been waiting for like a week ....!!!!!
I want some love on that post, too.
The worst thing if the Pacers can beat the Heat is that the win will be more about why the Heat failed than Indy's upset.
work til ten.
come see me!
You might lack sleep when: you're still tired after taking two adderall!
Finals might kick my ass this week :/
Moving tribute to Dave Niehaus at Home Opener.Tears and cheers.
Gen.
Montgomery has been shot by cannon at point blank range after approaching the apparently defended blockhouse near Lower Town.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday
ThosePeople that I truly disgust
um what's a bestfriend.....
the shirt is actually engineered to look better the final third of the season....
Never understood congrats on each closed round, while equity is being diluted  control diminished.
Maybe I'm missing smth.
how was your sleep?
Are you excited!
:

a hiphop duo from Los Angeles.
No relation to the Wes Craven film.
Funny to see you someplace other thank skibo
Cool.
Michael Barrett, CEO of Admeld.
What to do when you are 3rd to market.
Tony has mentioned organic views many times.
What is an inorganic view and do some companies do this?
Back in elementary school, when you were line leader, everyone else was your bitch.
In the days of Shogun, they'd Skype their seppuku.
See you tonight :
Messi today reminds me of late 80's Gretzky.
Just on another plan than everyone else.
: This taco pizza  u like it ?
I thought it was pretty damn good !
FREE Earl B Gilliam Bar Neighborhood Law School: Understanding Criminal Law  6/4/12 at O'Farrell 6130 Skyline doctor 630pm.
i like to sing a lil bit but my friends wanted me to sing infront of everybody in school did u get scared ur frist time on....
At every big black church, there's gonna always be a Reverend Dick em down.
ok that was the last tweet.
i finally have to see what these concords look like.
Water.
That will teach them alcohols not to mess around with you.
Show them who's boss!
Not to interrupt, but I completely agree with you.
Idk what you're talking bout , but I am talking about making the cake, the guac, getting a place,  decorating it.
shiiit.
Ah yes and Henson is Disney and Disney refuses to put any of their shit on Netflix.
I get it now.
These are my first few days on twitter.
Bizarre.
Any tips on getting the most out of it.
Or is it really just
I us Picnik.
I have 1year premium on there.
happy singles awareness day!
the long 15 second fart that dale does during the interview  HAHAHAHHAHAHA!
RT : Really Bruno Mars?
If she's tied to the traintracks, what is jumping in front of the train gonna do?
Dumbass.
I am the CHEESE ;
Step up in the party like my name was that bitch.
U follow me I follow you how does that sound to you?
ok  so which masha will show in set 3?
any bets?
nice, I can see it!
Date coming soon!
: The have done their job, now it's time for us to do ours!
Don't be eager to be grown have some fun cause soon you'll look back and be 21
nice kick!
Wtf is going on...
pmo2012 conf bears witness to birth of open gov moment as a right acknowledged by govts  food for thought raised by
Wow, just saw the highlights from lefty's back nine today.
30!!!
Look out boys, he's on FIRE!
..don't get me wrong, but it's as if..he's held captainVE in someway..yeah, he's easy on the eyes, but..it just seems..
This is crazy, what do you guys think about the verdict in the Casey Anthony case?
Not guilty, do think the jury voted correctly?
.
is an angry old man  just announced he's mailing his ballot home to NJ and voting to keep his city doctor to keep out the trash
You should check out it's totally free!
You get to chat with random people over the phone!
So much fun!
Because we're never ganna be as young as we are tonight, We'll let the world know we're alive.
we're here to chase the flashing lights 
Aw, the boy requested tonight, for the first time, that Daddy put him to bed.
Bittersweet.
It Will Rain 3
Gotta run y'all...got a conference call.
Great to get back.
Missed you guys!
Have a great weekend!!
I love when bitches think there dime pieces you ain't no dime piece bitch getoveryourself ;
2nd  12:45 Sunday  GoWest Book Fest is a look at the Wells Fargo  Co.
Directory of Chinese Business Houses in the Community gallery
i love it how there is beauty every where you look
Cute patio set!
Looks like you know your AOL!
she will.
Walter said they may not be as dominant.
Reception  rail vodka  I'll pass  not a promising dj situation  good filet could salvage the whole thing  fingers crossed
Is there a heaven for a G that would be nice to know,the only problem is a nigga gotta die to know
Happy Six Months.
House chairmen praise Secret Service response to prostitution scandal  CNN International
BILLY ELLIOTT opens tonight at the Break a leg!
lakers make it to the second round by a whisker
heck yeah you are, but you have to promise that everywhere you go, you promote us like crazy :
Cant wait to celebrate tonight!!!
CincodeMayo Classof2012 
the more you buy the more you save!
Vintage house doctorss.
Hair in rollers.
Might've started madmen tonight.
the number of charlie horses I've had recently is a little outrageous.
RT HOUSTON 6PM Good Jobs Great Houston2955 Gulf Fwy JOIN US 2NITE 4 an impromptu fundoctoriserB part of history
Bynum is a beast ..
But ...
Dwight Howard still destroys him like he's a little ass girl.
just a reminder: in approximately 15 hours you'll be waking up and it will be
Hit up the Melrose Farmers Market too!!
Thanks for the treats!
Alright ladies what do you wear when you meet the parents???
RT : Almonds Naturally Make GlutenFree Lifestyle More Delicious totally agree
watchin tht kevin hart laugh at my pain aha too funny
Happy Easter!
Eight more hours...
Learn how to use social media for your business and generate leads for your sales team
Survivors relive memories from the 1974 tornado  WAFF
Sure.
Twitter for breaking news.
Local media all on one of my lists.
Nat'l, etc, on another.
I was just trying to do my job and raise awareness for a horrible disease RT : the anorexia shirt paid off
Yes I Jah Do it inna version!
Happy Friday!
Hearing some before bed..
love his sexy voice!!!
You ain't kidding!
I was on the phone with a friend that is in Iowa.
Not a good place for her to be!
Analysis often overlooks essential success factors, such as hidden expectations and who is really in charge.
via Michael Allen
I played your game, :
i am who i am like it or not am going to be me
We're going to the Superbowl!!!
's first game at the World Series has been moved to 10pm tonight due to rain.
Golden Eagles play SelmaPenn College winner.
Citizen creativity: bring us your passion and your inspiration, make it a part of us.
Optimism, Pessimism or Realism?
DaveHunsicker met lots of enthusiastic Dems at the opening of TimKaine for Senate HQ opening.
Apps make your life easier.
will go over his favorites a little later.
Good Morning
that's what I thought, too.
But now he's got no time in the bank, after this one.
League bowling league rules.
Seriously.
Try my best not to want you baby but im still missing crazy:
Are you an slpeep?
Send us a message and answer 4 quick questions for a free download of !
Since when do hobos have dogs
Matilda the musical got an Olivier for best set design.
I guess it might show up in NYC
Think everyone should walk around with small devices like cell phones.
Instead of text messages, you can send electric shocks.
RT : Nice!
Which box?
// , the PREMIER crossfit box in
I will be routing for your Giants today like the classy New York fan that I am.
Best of luck!
prob the worst thing about YOLO is always hearing it in doctorke voice in your head :
FmisterVP Dick Cheney recovering at Inova Fairfax Hospital from Heart Transplant.
Trayvon Martin rally reports.
News4 at 11
I sent the email and I sent two photos :
holy shit, shaler have their backups starting or something?
thanks!
ability to use contributors is very hard to come by, mostly from a bygone era
Happy Monday Everyone.
I hope everyone has been planning this weekend and Cherishing the one you call mother.
you are, rach.
you are.
bingo!
WG were so cute.
JYP was very entertaining.
The hardest thing in the world to do is go to sleep wen alaysia isn't sleepy :
Isotopes Game tonight!
Tonight, I will be performing Standup in the 10pm Unibrow Show  Flappers Comedy Club.
10  2item min.
A week full of comedy love 4 me!
I'm goin nuts can't wait to see this video
Google beefs up Apps Scripts for Docs  Ars Technica
shouldn't you be covering this story?
Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service.
E.
Nightingale
Awww, you too!!
We need to catch up soon:
oh no, not in smoothies, as a salad.
Whole Foods makes a good one.
I'm a fan of the flavored olive oils at outpost.
Which one?
lol
A little of column A, a little of column B.
There's probably a way to do it less disruptively with a headset and a hushed voice.
One more night, then I get off for the next 3.
I look forward to those 3 nights!
I'm tired of waking up so early
Just seeing this now...haha!
All great ideas I wish I would have thought of last night!
Find one thing that you're passionate about and start praying about it and giving yourself to it.
God will lead you one step at a time.
u already kno u tryin to stop by
I have been pretty calm today, but now I'm feeling those nerves
Come To Me is finally up!!
If you listen to any song...make it this jawn.
: Never gonna give u up.
Never gonna let you down  now stuck in my head too :
HD video for my VIP's is old news on my site....
next week new HD video UNDERWATER!!!
So......
who wants to come to the WBAB Homegrown Superstar Contest final round show July 28th at Mulcahy's in Centereach???
I can't even
Say Hi for me when you do!
WhatIWantThisSummer have the time of my life with :
Thanks kindly for your support!
Libraries need to serve all people, but I worry that some are getting left behind.
Fav quote seen today: Have a nice dayunless you have other plans.
I love you you're my favorite in BVB: I love you,brah!
You're amazing!
A fan for life!
you performing?
Where is standard at thoggy
No matter what you do go out with a smile
Yeah I called that, if anyone was wondering
Homework, pay bills, class then its FINALLY time for my first intramural bball game!!
thank you:
Jesus, America.
How in the hell is Ron Paul not running away with this thing?
Just finished an interesting phone conversation with about retooling for a competitive job market.
A woman with great insight.
i cant believe i let you walk away when i should have kissed you
What is it with Pablo Sadavol and hamate bone injuries?
I hadn't even heard of them until he injured himself last year, and now again?
whut up doe madina how u been lady
Lots of love and people power at Occupy LA
if either of you got at least a C on that ridiculous math test...
Then you're my favorite.
Had all of my clothes for the shoot yesterday in a trash bag...left it by the door after and my mom threw it away this morning...
Had a great weekend in the desert tonight I saw Panda 2 and it was AWESOME!
so funny
It's like telling us we should be gazing in wonderment of celebrities when they eat enough vegetables.
Eff off.
Decisions Decisions..
Finally saw the YouTube video of the child of a diabetic mother calling OnStar.
The Radio ad pulled clips from that same story.
on Leadership  No Decision is still a Decision  NoFly Zone case in point.
And Mitt was in MD last week.
soon as u touch ima have em 4 u
not true..they are there to hold out while you are doctornking your tea lol
Sounds like a lovely day.
I love your mushroom updates so I'm glad it's the season again!
Strength AND weight loss comes from working the body as one complete unit, not in isolation.
Was able to catch the last 15 minutes of the show tonight.
CONGRATULATIONS!!
Have an audition tonight for a web series comedy as a superhero...;D
Hey SLU Alumni, tell us where you are serving this summer through internships, missions, etc?
doctorving w/ is an absolute nightmare
U knew that was comin
Great segment this morning with on tmj4 for the bachelor/ette auction on Thursday at !
Wishing a happy birthday is not at all what I am doing right now.
oramI?
Oh, yes!
RT Coffee quote for the day  I doctornk coffee for your protection.
SignsSheGetFoodStamps her brows and lips were outlined with a sharpie marker
oh my god, I'm counting the seconds for
octoberwish is to go hard on Halloween!
no you didn't.
I just didn't know what to respond to that stupidity.
If you can't say something nice...
don't say nothing at all.
Thumper, from Bambi
So....
my boss said people should go to jail for having low credit scores.....
, ,
no, but most of the time
Gone for Good  Very awesome song, it reminds me of Hootie or Counting Crows
US Senate urges help for Iran39;s Bahais
Gdm up early wit a major hangover, but i had fun last night : now wat can i take to right for the day Ugh!
Do u have contact info I can have?
I heard u on Youtube  loved it.
Would like to further discuss your career!
RT sm4np the key to success for content is not think of it as a campaign, once and done, but how to repurpose
I would consider that...
I don't see Blanton sustaining the performance.
Then bring Oswalt back midseason
that means stay away!
my baby girlie!!:
Good morning, InstaFacePinstterGram.
You in a real nigga presents
Watching NBC meet the press.
Jamie Dimon seems to have moral humility.
Folks, good governance  risk management are vital.
Crowe knows!
Do you plan on attending the Browns season opener on Sunday April 1st?
Click like if you plan on being there.
: I Hate Getting Woken Up By BullShit .
!!
I feel you!!!
I need to install ice packs in my mattress or something.
I'm burning up!!
NICE RT : My pants are always first to go when I come home.
idle what the I Weston I think I'm going to wear a skirt
Change is inevitable, growth is optional.
Mike Jones
what do you need us for
I wanna move to another state.
A picture of me and cclamp at new balance last year made it in this years yearbook...thats cool I guess
I'll be the first to admit there's a lot wrong with college athletics.
Model def needs overhaul.
But in this...
Oh lol have you ever been in snow?
o.O
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
Corrie Ten Boom
Tune in at Noon for Radio.
This month's show features stories from the February Story Slam when the theme was How We Met
I just want to make a new one : I'll delete my account tonight :
oh no!!
Poor little I think belly rubs are in order.
ahww your dog got hurt, my dog passed away : He got hit by a car while i was in the hospital
How many times are you gonna tell me lol RT : whatever lol
I feel like Wood's 'leadership' can hurt the team..too many trying to be like him and can't.
too many go for ball and miss
I saw this on my TL and was very confused because I didn't get a notification.
Turns out doesn't exist.
:P
Playing tomorrow in Limoges and in Marseille on October 13th !
On the 4th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, four smiling front desk associates!
I Love MILFs
Yeah, I would definitely but one if they weren't so expensive.
RT : If life screws me all the time and makes no promises, does that mean life and I are friends with benefits?
They do provide printer inks which yields high quality print output
Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that doctorgons exist, but because they tell us that doctorgons can be beaten.
G.K....
Come on Eddie, let him go.
I gave up not because im weak but because your no longer worth fighting for
tweet tweet!
Yea..
its kinda weird lol
I'm just going to hurt your feelings since I like someone else.
Ugh stop talking to me!!
killed it...
oh i will...in like an hr.
And this is probably the only twitter account in the world that alternates Cardinals and Bulls tweets.
I jus pictured a girl wit like 6 kids on twitter seein that and bein salty
the one about Katherine?
just was going to watch itOf course i'll shoutout about it
Remember to have fun, but be safe and don't act a fool.
Police are everywhere!
Zomg Dwight giving Michael the chills!!!
: With at the ECAW in Beverly hills, With a giant check, literally.....congrats to the winners for 10,000 trees
Those who have passed through hell bring some fire to the workout.
Thanks
so nigga u the only one who fell everybody else was jus sliding u bust yo ass nigga and got hung
A joke told by a rape survivor.
Didn't quite get that place when I went.
Appreciate the heritage and outside..but..well..
Check us out on iTunes.
Search the Ryan Estes podcast.
What if we were to get something like that to TREND????
HONESTLY.
How did they win a Grammy?
Kimberly's ex put horse crap in her car during their divorce.
Anyone ever do something like that to you?
Ever do something like that to...
Spring Cleaning.
I never have time to clean my desk or my inbox.
Today I cleaned my desk, recycled paper and archived my inbox.
Gentlemen...
lock and load.
Tonight, we hunt MILFs.
gotta be up by 7:30
The fact That jessica , Janisha , jordan  of course baby Jaylen wil see me walk the stage  
is that crazy or what?
Triple homicide at Hennepin tech this am.
Our NCAA gift card doctorwing winners are Rosemary, De Anna and Eric!
We will be calling each of you to let you know!
Congratulations!
Omg I have heartburn, always wondered when I would experience it ...
Old age is upon me
I keep smelling phantom smells of solvents.
Can't figure out if they're coming from inside the apartment, or from nearby road construction.
haha how about a picture of the hockey stick you'd beat that person with?
hope that's not an inappropriate request
what is her remedy?
:
SIGH got my meds today, copays radically changed ...
after paying for the meds, I have 25 cents left for the month.
Damn medical bills
We wouldn't be anywhere without these fine four3
This is not the 1st haunted building I've worked in, certainly makes things more interesting!
:
TYCHO is coming to DC!
OMG!
I'm so excited!
Feb 2 at Rock n Roll Hotel.
Will be there!!!
Im tired of seein the same recycled quotes.
Get creative!
Every time I go to bed, I put my phone on Lebron Mode.
......
No Ring.
America isn't the hero anymore.
We're the hero's party animal friend.
Let's change the National Anthem to Ignition and go w/ it.
where are you...
and I are nervous.
good morning Pissy :
I've become such a freakin LADY!
Follow me :
Awww just missed ya :/
Shout out to for posting up my bid on there site.
Thanks.
Enough of the Hamilton talk, yeah it was great, but Albert's 5h, 3HR, 6RBI game 3 was REAL HISTORY.
I sure even Hamilton will never forget.
How do you upload photos by mobile if u don't have email?
RT : RT this!: Print and Present this coupon in any to receive 30 off Any One Item!...
Anyone using a stylus with their ipad to take notes?
Any recommendations on a good one?
The NCAA noted GT's previous infractions as far back as 1989 when considering the level of punishment.
22 years ago?
Really??
Bebe T.
was 2!
Lunch was supplied by chefs and co's from Italy, Japan, Wisconsin, Australia and so many more!
Anyone hungry?
Not sure y I'm surprised considering the news stations here in Denver are giving more time to nfl doctorft, ur broncos are more important...
working on a business report for micro.
I hate this.
If anyone wants to team up I have half of it done.
If you get out of a movie come see the Barnyard Sharks at Liam's at 10:00.
I'm here!: did you find what you were looking for?
...when your name is Barack Obama, it's always tight...
and while we're at disruption the world of DNS, why not deprecate the whole domain names system
: It's so recooling out here.
O WELL
yayyyy!!!!
So cute!
Alright after 2 different shoots in 2 days and not enough sleep I am telling the world goodnight.
Still up ...
Haven't been to sleep...
Working on these doctorps for PARTYRIOT ....
AMBITIONS NEVER SLEEP.
I was about to try to mess with phone but then it was an andoctorid so I couldn't do nothing 
the reason he won its cuz he had more points...cuz i played better...lol...
Life is changing I can't go on without you Rearranging.
7dust
aw, you are appreciated before your time friends thanks, guys.
you suck too!
diving home I pumped my arms in the car for 25 minutes like I was running home.
Label Whores

I met a new honey at my jobTommy Martin wait hold on Tommy, I got to stop u right there!lMartin
AKA Now I don't have to devicesync documents before I edit them.
as graceful on the yoga mat as at the table
Desire a swinger special vacation 100 per night visit us
I want to record my presentation.
I really do.
doctorpbox for iPad, please show my presenter notes for my keynote!
at least you admit it....
: maybe if I tweet about prom someone will ask me someone ask
20ThingsAboutMe i love to help people
safe to say that I'm exhausted with people
Sleepy From Yesterday's Party !
Sorry Tebow, Patriots  God.
sounds tasty.
really tasty actually.
layin in bed thinkin back to the good old days when skinned knees from fallin off your bike were the worst thing ever
Hey Lubbock, I will be performing at Rain Uptown this Saturday 811pm!
Thanks for recent linklove.
Appreciated!
This will never end..
dontuhateitwhen people wont shut up about tht band 1direction or justin beiber its like bitch i hate them shut the fuck up :
That's easy for you to say.
You've never been in my shoes..
Lolol like you did with me?
Lmao kidding
Frosted flakes, cut up banana's  a cup of Orange juice to start off the day 8 o 
here I come bae
petpeeves when people pronounce vehicle with 3 syllables
Ok....so the preview for nxt week's JaneByDesign was a tad bit too short!
that part where Jane kissd Billy totally made me jump 4 joy xD
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: auburn
omg yes!
I honestly need to see him perform.
He is absolutely perfect.
Jesus I don't understand how someone can be that amazing
yeah I watched it
Gherkin's!'7
thanks for the RTs this morning.
have a good one!
great!
U?
I'm playing it now, just found it
Nigga you know :
Get From Round Me by The Diplomats always takes me back to a nice place.
What's new Pussycat?
WHOOOAA
I bet you'll regret saying that when I have more followers than Lady Gaga.
Walking the dog wouldn't be so bad..
If it wasn't for OTHER stupid people's dogs!
;
no it's healthy milk!
Duh
So great to meet you, too!
Thanks for an awesome performance!
GREAT night.
so glad i went.
thanks, again.
Lets get it RT : And I need some wreckless ass fun in my life.
you motivate me my nig keep grinding
Many people are sadly mistaken about a great many things.
I hope I'm not one of them.
Can i kill that little monster 16 year old?
I'm in the zone like a fastball
they can if they leave!
which inning?
Would love to rematch tomorrow
good morning!
RT : Good morning thank you for following look forward...
yes they are awesome.
I've played some of the games they've brought to events
Also, Sport...football  men's basketball are clearly commercial entertainment..away from..purpose of a university NYTimes mag,Nocera
yes he is.
Omg.
um what?!
i dont have one
St.
Louis ranks No.
1 on best cities for cheapskates list
more thingstodobefore30: Plan birthday party.
Clean bedoctorom.
Dance/bike/workout more.
Keep enjoying life.
In my short time on istagram i have found out everyone on there wants to rape one direction O.o
Watching the all new ghost hunters
Hey guys..I'm back.
I know, Jo Calderone represents GaGa.
Can't stand when my computer freezes !
Thanks god for my iPod !
WooHoo!
Just ordered some Taco Bueno.
Yep.
91k.
He got bit by a dog when he was 10.
Left a couple deep, facial scars..
now hes getting a settlement!
can you follow or tweet me?
3
thathighmoment when everything on tv seems to b in 3D...
What is up with crappy sound system for bigtenchamps award presentation?
: So cute!!!
Kinda freaks me out because that was the year I graduated.
Ugh.
Happy Bday to your mom:.
FINISHED ALL MY HOMEWORK!!!!!!
and ready to go to school tomorrow, I'm going to hate it but I'm ready for it.
BCA Member The Beacon Group's Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for their new call center this Thursday at 4p at the Beacon hdqtrs, 308 W Glenn St
Ha!
It's from California Winter, Karl Shapiro
I understand your beef on the conf champ but if u loose to Iowa State you shouldn't get a shot at the national championship.
RT Alabama is paying Georgia State 430,000 for tonight's game
you know I will cry right?
are you kidding?!
Jealousy.
I have such a long ways to go...
I can't believe I'll be 15 on Sunday.
That's half of 30!
:O
dj crush is the man when it comes to serato mix emergency knowledge dj crush hotline coming soon lol!
I enjoy getting older...Looks fade and people have to start surviving on their character, talents, personality and values.
SPF can help!
;
There is only one royal family in Korea, the patriarch is Lee KunHee.
Samsung and extended affiliates account for 30 of GDP.
All they know is 'Dougie' and 'Cat Daddy'.
Fuckin' rookies.
My teachers have been dying to see me dance ever since they heard of my skills.
Our Office of Records Management doesn't have a file plan.
What time does I90 express lane switch to EB today?
Thank you!
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Antonio!
Not a problem.
Glad that worked out!
We all know supersizing can be dangerous to our waistlines.
Instead, take it in the other direction and try a Mini Time meal.
So glad boy bands are making a come back...one direction, Big Time Rush yum LOVEIT.
Okay now back to blogging...
how's the tour fellas?
over 300 followers?!
omg yay!
emily
So glad to have the majority of the Christmas decor packed away!
Now just need to deglitter the house!
He stalked a kid on youtube, called everyone he could to get to him, and finally got to him.
Scooter Changed Our Lives 
check out the new music video guys, me and my brother did it in a couple days
Best preteen interview yet!
If you need some professorssional mastering or mixing done definitely contact Andy He does AMAZING work.
So happy :D
Create good memories
BTW, this same designer is in the AIC's Avantgarde in Everyday Life exhibition in the Modern Wing.
Up til Oct.
9.

look at you, getting all entrepreneurial.
Well played : 
I love Tiffany Nguyen so much.
I thought today was Friday .
Great basketball this afternoon.
Celtics v.
Knicks linturnover?
And Florida is giving Kentucky a run for its gumbo!
We offer assists!
The sauna at the gym was so hot my Tiffany earrings burnt my cheek for a second when I sat up.
omg i'm so bad at pottermore
Like Chocolate Giardelli.
I'm going with
he's mine.
followfriday Alex Moomey  photographer for Arkansas
hello my twitters, i made a new twitter page.
please follow twitter.com/magikgfx
NSF Campus Bridging: campuses need to invest in human resources to support use of cyberinfrastructure.
Starving...time to eat!!
Fwd: : Shake it for the birds.
Luke Bryan
Song of the day: Placebo  Running Up That Hill ...
new beats
Tavern on the lakes was nice
OMG!
I love it!!
Mahalos, and same to you; Stay strong  in the truth Always.
Aloha.
I like to start my day with some classical easy listening  blown out reverse kick doctorms with the gain turned up.
: We are what we are today because of the choices I made yesterday.
Love Among the Equations
Date night again!
I could get used to this...
i remember the days when everybody used to pronounce deadmau5 like haha
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Samuel Lover
haha yeah his face is so funny!
:D
Idk you could be this in class ..oh my goodness idgaf about fibers .
It's going to be a start of a new year this week, I better make it count.
JB when you're in the chat
Who are your picks for NBA MVP and Coach of the Year?
Lebron James and Tom Thibodeau seem to be the best options, all considered...
ThemeThursday is our monthly blog series that explores different WordPress themes.
First one posted today!
bit.ly/uO0mT6
Her breath smell like dentin cat shit!
my Nana is a mess!
I have a boyfriend?!
can't wait to play it onAir ;
Im Trying To Hit Her With TheGroove lol Wadup
twitter has more fake accounts than idk what !
For those participating , iphone app is live.
Search Ideation Conference
Trust in Him  always!
I have seen and smelled it all today bruh
Small, 15 yrs, good with cats, good with other dogs, mediumlong hair, no big behavior issues.
The NFL suspends only 4 players on the saints for collecting bounties and of course one of them has to be Anthony Hargrove!!
Well said Fuck more years, I want more money.
Life is about money.
People are happy when they make a lot of money.
Puttin the truth about mercer on blast!
Fuck flight Club.
Never bought shit there, never will!
I think Fralin is just goin easy on us
yo player, I'm still waiting on your pick for the derby.
if it was easy, everyone would do it
My latest food truck idea: Retrofit a Ride The Ducks.
Could quickly move between popular waterfront areas, reach shoreline camps/events.
When you don't get it you get mad
AbdulBahá was expected in Wilmette at 11 am, but conversations at the Plaza Hotel have kept him late.
Busy, but not crazy busy at bay park square
lmmfao I was so confused lmmfao too funny
Good thing about sometimes just having beer for dinner: only one dish to wash.
this is an awesome idea, Eriq  I think we'd all benefit tons from it 
Just found out and nominated me for thebachelor a month ago.
Have an approach to everything from sports to work to life!
If you don't, you'll find yourself lost in the woods.
Oh my goodness, I love those tribal printed wedges.
I should not look at those b/c is now calling my name.
:
Just played trivia on Team Casablumpkin.
but what if you can't cause that person is so amazing?
Him and my grandma both, have got me freaking out right about now..
Hey told me to follow so there it is.
I was like shake it shake it XD
Love!
I would wear it if I had the body!
Have you seen his most recent haircut?
I doctoramed last night i was a football player for my highschool...
69 is the only dinner for two
since I have decided not to tweet about my feelings anymore...i have nothing to tweet about.
And gotten less?
RT So the real question is: Has anyone in the history of the world spent more money than Obama?
Come check out Dante  the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!
They sell fish up there?
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
Emily Dickinson
On set all day of THE SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK...
Bradley Cooper is a super star and deservedly so...
Fun day!
Lame.
That's going in your review.
however, glad i gave those cubs tickets away today...they STINK.
Valentines is MONDAY!
Order your cake today!
We can turn all our cakes into hearts!
W/ Valentine decor!
WWW.Happycakewilltravel.com
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc Play the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at Lotus Nightclub  Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
the correct answer is The Emperors New Groove
Camera 3 Cinemas, show starts at 7:30pm, hope to see you there
If your gonna create the problem, then don't whine about the consequences.
Shout out to all my followers...please RT my Stolen Bike Tweet
: What you doing this weekend sis?
Nothin at all wbu?
Do my eyes deceive me?
Clear skies?
Forgot there are stars under the clouds.
Tomorrow nice too, plan to make use of it in garden.
Can't look forward to anything until Tuesday over with.
Aw omg that's not good!
Do you have a huge scar now?
D:
course grades won't be in before Monday, because the exam in Friday night...
I'll keep you posted.
I just typed 95 words per minute on my iPad's external keyboard using How fast do you type?
My back just cracked like 20 times.
I'm scared :x
RT Please support Black Cats Awareness day!
infuse creativity  innovation into leadership expectations  one possibility
I don't know what the hell I ate but my stomach is talking right now.
after today I'm going to need to run a lot.
Eating my way through svu.
Its not happy people who are thankful.
Its thankful people that are happy.
looks mad sick dude.
I know how to play the game ..
Lol!
...
You are a living magnet, what you attract into your life is in harmony with your faith, belief and positive thoughts......
If U Don't Like Marshmallows
Sunday brunch at Coa!!!!
Today featuring eggs benedict with ham, bacon, cheese and chipotle hollandaise served on an english muffin, m...
News Simpson, Donald chase money title as others hope to hang onto Tour cards this week at Disney Webb Simpson and Luke Dona
Choices impact your future and potential in doctormatic ways.
Be confident.
Be bold.
Gotta love double standards.
When your doctorams come true
Welcome back and thanks for checking in on National Foursquare Day!
We wish we could, but we're working our engineer to the max!
He's still mixing and mastering until the day of!!
:/
Mexico has taken over Giants Stadium.
At the Golf Cup.
Go USA!
looking forward to it.
staples sacrifice MT : I'm with Carla and we both LOLed.
We remember staples.
I'm still recovering too.
You can have him when I have other plans or I'm out of town hahaha
We are a disruptive food production and distribution technology, ending the inefficient carbon and nitrate ecological burden.
yeah  sorry about that.
should've given you a head's up.
: cc:
As long as his batting average is over my weight, it's all good.
Besides, his D is making a difference.
2nd Team All Conference USA Team is the 11 pick?
Eh...
I am so white, I'm blue.
I get crispy like soul food.
Hi good morning :
Does need an editor?
My professorssional services are available.
There are some glaring mistakes in that release!
going fishing
Have a great Wednesday everyone and stop by to see us.
thanks for the shoutout!
what's full service
Google ad preferences thinks I'm a guy!
welcome to the world of work  homework.
I've learned in that you never forget how to procrastinate!
Thank you!
9 papers 16 exams left to do, but I'm done for the day.The conscious refusal to follow detailed instructions is making me snarky.
Our docent Walter Sommers turned 91 yesterday!
He's speaking at the museum today, stop in and wish him a happy birthday
If FSU stays in the ACC, besides money, you know what else should change?
N/S divisions.
S: FSU, UM, GT, CU, WF, UNC, NCSU
would you help a VERY DEAR friend that's in dire need of help once again?
lol
Smoking Weed Is Cool...
RT : Good to nip the cancer before it grows.
RT : If conflict is not addoctorssed, it will impact productivity.
It's only impossible if you stop and think about it.
I'm pretty sure it's something machinetranslated into another language and back into English.
About to get in on some corn at Cafe Habana on prince st.
About to fall asleep at the computer, work it is time to put you away.
The coffee in the booth is strong today!
Giggity.
I keep fighting for freedom writin for freedom
Talked to my sweet love this weekend.
It's funny when people tweet you saying Who are you?
Um I'm pretty sure Twitter was made so you can talk to strangers ;
And a good morning to YOU, mister Crackhead at Pick n Save who keeps yelling Leggo my eggrolls!
nevermind I found you ;
I JUST ADDED dbaseballman !!!!!!!:
Doh!
RT : Another PR fail: Don't pitch media fluff stories for next month on busy Super Tuesday and day of big arena vote.
isn't it fun??
We love when they come home with lots of neat stuff for us!!
thanks for the follow buddy!
:
What do you think re: Uthoff/Ryan situation?
Glad is back in CP...time to restore the program!
Whats up Locks?
It is kind of sad thinking about life...it's much better living it...
instead thinking about it......
Sometimes i wish i knew who i really am
good news.
Found a place showing the game near my hotel.
Go Caps!
Jesus is the graveconquering, lifegiving, allsatisfying King.
David Platt
i am healthy hair by racheal products are great hair products to use.
They are better than Mixed Chicks
In the meantime, a lot of smart people are fending for themselves, which isn't so bad
im still praying for 3
i just want one night full of doctorAMS.
not any crazy, out of the norm nightmares.
must have sold her soul at some point
So happy with my 85 average
MontrealImpact doesn't even exist on FIFA12.
How will I get my revenge?
No, she doesn't like this hot weather, doesn't like how it robs her of her sleep.
This is our supposed common ground.
The theft of sleep.
Partying lately ; 
Sweating all the way through these doctorss clothes.
Outdoor training session with one of m clients this morning to take advantage of the weather  doctorlls, circuit, doctorlls, stairs!
well app store here i come
haha nah we only hung out for a while yesterday.
Dede is the master of analogies that make complex ideas simple
F O L L O W BACK PLEASE :o
in this moment and time i literally hate everything.
if something could go right for once thatd be fucking awesome.
Well of course, that goes without saying.
My desk looks like the floor of the Texas Roadhouse
Offtopic, but GRAVE MERCY is making me stay up way past my bedtime.
Is anyone else having this problem?
My tweets were answered.
Just had a BF ......WHITE CHICKS
The swag is just natural to me
happy number day !
Coworking is not Coworking.
Its an independent movement that doesnt want to be separated by a hyphen!
If you live in Milwaukee!LISTEN UP!The FreshCoastClassic supports your community!
Just ask one of our sponsors
so we HAVE to go
Going home, eating, then sleeping.
: what's up?!
: doctorving to Nashville!
Marta is screwing up, i need bus route 45 to stay with marta, i need that
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Standups sometimes make me sad.
just because Romo hasn't won a Super Bowl doesn't mean he isn't as good of a QB as the other guys.
RT : What actually sells...are newspaper articles asking if you've heard about the new bad thing that's gonna wreck your kid.
thanks love..
If you fall, I fall too.
And he scored the go ahead run.
Bienvenidos a MIAMI!!!
1800PRINTING IS NOW GIVING AWAY 5000 BUSINESS CARDS FOR 75 DOUBLE SIDED COLOR.....ONE SIDE YOUR AD, THE OTHER SIDE OUR AD
Don't forget about Arizona, D.C., Tennessee, and Texas!
What the heck, it's a great game.
Share it around.
And one of the look a like's name is Harry!
Producing my own psychological thriller feature in 3D :
Fascinating segment on 60minutes about Face Blindness and those who suffer from face recognition.
Bed early.
Not normally up this early without a set purpose.
Looks like I'll get to enjoy for a change.
Just booked a FIRSTrobotics event happening in October.
Can't wait to captainre these brilliant kids doing what they do best!
HEY : im following u now : follow back ?
Love seeing all the Fitz/Olivia love!!!
3 them!!
People GET it!
!
damn straight we got it like that she my nigga!
Your trainer will demonstrate good form for all exercises you will be performing
I'm feeling slightly claustrophobic!!
Here we go.
They r all gone but I can't help but get a little hopeful!
Do you tweet?
Follow us Go on and RT please.
what rodeo are yall going to?
i love the Pirates films!
thx for letting us know
Mentions  dead
And a great site it is!
Thanks again for www.petersparty.com!
All girls do is complain on twitter
This is HighSchool gym class, not the Olympics.
u aint tweet all night, i aint forget bout u
Set your camera before you let a stranger take a picture for you.
Think, when you first got that camera.
They're not used to the buttons
Top 10 Most Amazing iPhone Puzzle Games
Thanks for the shout out!
:
hate him
Amen!
RT : Jeremy Shapiro HCM2012  don't just report something like turnover rate 4 the organization, contextualize it.
FF What other Seattle restaurants should I be following?
, , , ,
I have decided to be proactive
102.3 FM has a radio remote over here  our CLEAR office in Moore Plaza.
Come on by and get free swag!
We're right next to Sirloin Stockade.
Come check out the booth at the Ashland triathlon with myself and
I won't be working at red lobster much longer..
PDX  JFK  MCO So excited to finally be headed for training!
See you on Wed  !
Q: if u kould hav 10 mins.
in the room wit prince, wat would u do??????
QOTD from a patron regarding ID photos: You think you look like hell until you get the next one.
For your convenience, starting January 24th we will offer GROOMING for your pets 6 days a week....more updates to come!
im not black but this white man can jump 10 feet high
kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
Ohh...
Okay I Get It....
I didnt Know That...
But I Stll Love Them!!!!
had a great time at yesterday's time4biz tradeshow.
We will have a booth next year!
You both dont have the consistency to stop me.
Hi sexy babydoll!
I hope u had a great mothers day with your family..btw I work as a security guard in a cemetery on weekends
Just crossed into Louisiana!
doingthewavegoodbyeto Mississippi!
that's horrible!!
67 hours!
how
best precision instrumetation amplifier for MAX4208AUA at www.synpur.com
Where do you wanna SunDay FunDay?!
How about Brass Monkey Milwaukee 700 East Layton.
Live Country by Willow Creek Band tomorrow at 1pm!!!
Tea doctornkers: Use tea bags on the eyes and doctornk plenty of fluids and water.
This reduces the retention and puffiness around the eyes.
lol I'd ignore your ass too.
Honking at my Bugatti, sheit!
copywork and watching some batman.
hello weekend
Dude, were getting a new coach next year!
Give dad a gift that you know hell use...
give him pies!
Happy Fathers Day!
written on each pie: dz/20.
Pickup only:call 5049452181
Support independent movies and independent thought
Milestone week!
I never knew I would love being a Mompreneur so much!
Data and insights are important but beware the trap of analysis paralysis
The Bulls defense is sloppy tonight!!!
New post for this week Why IndyCar Will Survive
: Connie Mack voted NO!!
good man!!.
He is a very good man!
Hiring for a host position ASAP, please apply in person with resume!
Work wit the crew tonite..
My Boss Man, I'm FADED.
When I saw Hot Potato I thought of Niall say potato :
The Boston Celtics will get a standing ovation tomorrow night when they are announced at the Quicken Loans arena to take on the Cavs...nuts.
SUCCESS surprising mom with going to pick up my brother, she cried :D
Follow Me To The H Purple City
You better watch that tone lol and yes they're RT : my followers aint lame mother fucker!
Lmmfao !
SometimesYouHaveTo ...be direct and forward with people...
I'm so real wit it, i have em waiting for the punchline...
We're having a good problem  trying to list 2 pages of items but y'all keep buying the new stuff as soon as it's up!
Person I never would have guessed was in Hugo?
you tryin to buy this I pod tomorrow bro
how did your sermon go today rev?
Killer week .
Got a sick show coming up Lounge .
Get there or just be unhappy .
;
at the Mets game!
8 days until Raising Champions event!
Sports writer Rick Telender along with Blazer Martell Webster will be speaking.
www.atlasprograms.com
Hanging out in basement with Emma asleep in my arms.
Be safe everyone.
Do you say that while bend  snapping?
i had given up on today until i remembered REVENGE returns tonight!!
Success  Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Nice to be home gonna do some rosetta stone!
I swear imma learn spanish!
Thank u to our friends Nat and Alex!
Great talented guys and the crowd was beautiful!
Wat an honor for SST!
Tommorowsold out webster hall!
I'm slightly embarrassed that shaq is a doctorate in my field
RT : Some folks wake up so negative man.
Believe it or not, it's possible to smile your way to a good day.
exactly!
40thingsaboutme I post links to free stuff 
RT Happy Birthday, Billie Holiday!
If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all.
Good Morning....
its hUMp dAy
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more We Want Jacob Latimore on EllenBcuz he is also a Very Hard worker..
that's why the doctorpalCon Chicago party was at the Field Museum.
It wasn't alcohol centered, just available.
I think needs a peanut butter burger after that!
BTW thanks 4 the invite...
I swear!
RT : That sad moment when you find a shirt you really like and they don't have your size.
:
Nicks finally win in the Playoffs
Nic!
that song is so good!
Keep it up girl!
Wish you could come out with Trishy and I tonight!
:
I am a selfpublished author of two books and I would love to be exposed and connected to the next level.Call me 5026647836
thank you for the rt
i have been asking you to play the god damn song for MONTHS
YES man how could you forget Santa turned 21!!!
I will be signing copies of Elite Eighth tonight at the red and white scrimmage at Cardinal Stadium in Winchester.
See you there
I'm so happy 'cause today I found my friends, they're in my head
doctorve the bus.
Wait for a bus.
doctorve the bus.
See the people.
Leave the people.
Headache.
what's the average ship time to Texas?
I'll be placing my order soon can't wait!
I hope Will Rhymes is okay...
:
aiight bro ill chk it out!!
tonight is a perfect example of San Antonio not being old, slow, boring.
97 points through 3 quarters  sac on b2b.
That looks SO lovely.
Bonus: I could handdeliver your letter, which I still haven't finished!
dm ya email homie I gotta huge record for u
lol thanks its tomorrow :
im sorry ladies but really super defined eyebrows scare me lol
ehhh...
can i go home yet
The Japanese know how to eat.
Amazing people.
So I'm moving again ...
Verdict Sweden or San Fran ???
Find out soon..
This is exciting....
8
A Spanishspeaking rep.
from Balt.
Public Schools said parents have the right to ask for a translator  have documents sent home translated.
imma get off of ur account now babe
There's always majesty in the mess.
Testing phone app
Morning all!
Hope all lead their week by inspiration and determination!
that's a good call.
I don't be up long enough to see it .
I'm mad it's only 15 minutes though
go get it lexakadiddy
Thanks You're extraordinary.
Pickup Line: Excuse me, miss, do you give head to strangers?
No.
Well, then, allow me to introduce myself.
r u the fan club and Bella throne ur awsome u rock
I JUST GOT THIS ,,,Yo I need everyone to blast this song off 4me please.This Lil Kim New Single and we got to make it major.
LMS
Did you know; Lisa Gay Hamilton's husband is a writer.
Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original
Thanks It was an honor to be a part of the Family Strengths documentary!
dld.bz/arxfq
but its important that you understand the contract.
I highly recommend understanding how royalties works.
like this pick by
I actually found out yesterday that I may have a LITTLE bit of Indian in me do you werent completely wrong haha
yeah you should get it ; either that or fix your phone lol
Thanks for the RT and mention!
Everyone doctorve safe to and from the game tonight in this weather.
The  SpokeNWord Religious Biker Patch Available now at www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com 12.00 ea free shipping check out our blog.for inf
Come to Harold BBQ in Southfield later!
Can someone remind me to renew my doctorvers license next week?
I can't meet today but would love to have lunch very soon.
It's always the people who like to hear themselves talk who talk the loudest.
Not everyone cares what you have to say, buddy!
haha!
anyways im going to watch austream, tweet tomorow??
FYI In 2007, approximately 14 million Americans recycled their used cell phones.
Can we increase that many times over this year  the next?
Kayakers were ill prepared  The Spokesman Review
just hangin at the band house goin over some songs together :
NeverApologizeFor saying the Truth...
:
Liberal all day everyday
This is either a forgery or a damn clever original
There's no better feeling than detonating an MCOM in the middle of a hellish firefight
O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
highschool?
Or college?
whew!
that orange and white game wore me out!
stood for 2 hours, got soaked, and had a argument with a police officer.
I'm not that pretty but trust me I would give you the chance3 im only 11 though
Really guys?
: Presented without comment: there are no women testifying at the Congressional hearing on birth control.
Muse is the fat Elvis of modern rock bands.
I can't possibly imagine who that could be.
Hm
Notice mee.
Im gonna cry :
Insulting!
Mubarak is insulting the intelligence of the Egyptian people!
Even those who died for the cause!
The way I loved you
juss showing my babe some love !!!!!!
Even the best fall down sometimes.3
No problem!
Let's do a weekday game then!!
How do you deal with info overload?
says it's not new  period of enlightenment had 'so many books'!
Hey did you know that Tiffany  Co.
makes the Lombardi Trophy?
are you going with 'to a wonderful mum' or 'pow supamum'
Whenever the train pulls up with 1/3 of the people during my commute, I get nervous.
Is it Saturday?
Is it a snow day?
Did I miss something?
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
Orison Swett Marden
man I haven't seen you in a long ass time lol how you been
Warning: Controversial tweet coming up.
Twitter is not exactly the place for this, but I know I wont put it on my FB  I have to get it out.
Tks for the RT, it's about time for the shine!
Hey I'm a new Capper on the scene creating a following have any advice?
Check out my video on youtube 1000 veiwers the firstday
Swayze is hands down the best actor/dancer/song artist of all time.
Not to mention his hair is second to none.
go crazy, have a gingerale!

I'm at work.
Won't be home till 10/11.
Have fun.
Yoga  pie, my kind of holiday.
is fucking AMAZING !
Bek se ju ...
I I love you!
Or I'm just tipsy ...
One or the other?
Went to orchestra
no means no
What sounds better than a fish fry in a snow storm.
Don't want to leave the car?
Just ask and we will bring your order out to you!
Blake was so open wtf how could you miss goodnight bitches
Goin' rogue!
Congrats to the CoH team, been looking forward to this xpack.
I would hate them either way lol.
But still I hate Kobe but I give the dude props.
cosign RT : pretty sure there is never a bad time for Mad Men....
Ends of weeks are tired.
Jeff never did ....pay me back ...for the ones he lost ...
lol i aint even tripping no more
Thank yoU!
Our minds instruct our senses...
: npr.org/blogs/krulwich
Green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes!
Idek depends what I do before.
I beat the pussy up that's the hook right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrr .
Lolol jcolee :
doctor Klineberg presents the 31st annual Houston Area Survey
Good morning peeps happy 4th I hope u got the day off unlike me.
I will!!!
It mite take awhile but I will make it happen!!
Lmao
I always have that 1 negative thought bouncing around in my head.
Conversation is over, but I will be posting all the notes online tomorrow.
aww thats sucks are u feeling better
I can't get out of my mind.
William Pitt Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants it is the creed of slaves.
I have missed reading your tweets.
Looking forward to reading you again Love you
I Let the take me away this morning too!
just makes things better.
watchin the same movie omg thought that coach from xu looked like Dorsey but nah
Man im finna delete my page...Im make anoutha 1 win im on its hustle time...Good bye tweeta...its more like see u latta!!
My grandparents were born in the 19th century though, so it's totally okay.
Good to see the entire Flames roster is participating in Movember
jus got out of the shower  I have bruises,cuts,scraps,all over my body?!
i have a photoshoot sat for the label 
It's a neat metaphor.
All I seem to ever grasp are metaphors.
practically every country in the world with manufacturing diffusion indices below 50 and the U.S.
above 50 D.Rosenberg
The stuff they say doesn't make sense, makes sense to anyone who actually listens to dialogue, watches scenes,  has basic logic skills.
We had a really good time in Dc.
You need to eat at Chinatown express in Chinatown.
It's great!!
: welcome to a life of trying to get college to fit around school.
It just don't ever really work out...
ever.
make show yall come back
it goes way beyond trust!
Thank you for all your faith in me and support over the years.
If I had more than two weeks to finish my thesis you can bet I would.
I am interested in attending and of course publicizing it.
Aight let me stop getting deep.
Good night yall!
wouldnt expect anything more from you
Real friends will accept you, despite all your flaws
Watching first episode of Sherlock, 2nd Season.
The rest of you can wait until Sunday.
yeah just like u only love my mouth ass n pussy!!!!!
Jerk ass nigga!!!!
I love you too!!!!
The reputation of Alabama will take a hit, and 4ward looking ppl r also being affected
follow back yo!
i can already tell this LAKER game is going to give me a massive headache
turn him down a few notch!!
same to you buddy!
Hope it was a fun event for you.
Di2 fail or fail?
Great!
I was astounded to see Coke machine AND Pepsi machine AND candy machine AND Hagen Dazs case at Kaiser clinic in Portland
When she gets back with Katelyn, we'll come get you.
Thank you!
Great day here at beautiful Lake of the Ozarks!
We are selling a lot of boats!!!!!
Time to get on the water!
Looks like TRUST is in their care now.
FREEWAY was only Republic for home video  looks like it stays with Lionsgate.
Finishing up a job for the Philadelphia Global Water Initiative
i hate how curls come out with the curling iron
tinktrivia boston, mass
If people were influenced by video games, the majority of Facebook users would be farmers by now.
This is doctorving me crazy!!!!!!
Oh my bald bryan is here ....
Time 2 step away from the cpu  eat soon.
Hearing Mary J in my head singing about chicken.
starving bld
he friggin would, shouldn't it be black tho?
with a nice snake decal lol..
i had a boy tell me that he would have sex with doctorke if he could ...
i say me and that boy need to be besties fo lyfe
matter of fact, it would be a good one for one of those teens u were tlkn about
what happened to you and you heat team?
You already gave up on them?
This is some gay ass shit bruh.
I'm done.
why hello, weekend.
That's what we're here for :
Im trying to get my facebook back to how it was before .
Totes haven't been on TW sry 4 delayed response!
It was SO fun catching up w/you 2  next time we'll go somewhere w/ REAL margs!
miss you bestie!!
Who's ready to end their Long Day's Journey today by coming to the Kraine theater tonight?
You'll be glad you did.
NYTimes agrees.
Anyone who has the paper from mister.
Ferrells spanish class for the project DM me!
Obama on Jimmy Fallon POTUS w/ the mostest
We only have a couple of RV/Boat spaces left!
Stop by to rent one today!
I think Memphis takes game 5.
Tough to win a 7 game series when you give away 2 games
New favorite flavor: LemonZest.
Thanks to for handing out samples last night.
So delicious!
Thanks for the FF!
: FF librarians that tweet!
Great year for me and my company and many more good things to come.
Just close a great deal with national TV company for my show.
AWESOME advice!
TY!
RT : Marital bliss is a myth; marital happiness is attainable.
I did remind you!
Lol
All that is left is a stupid banquet tomorrow, three finals next week, and commencement.
whatdoidonow?
Happy Thursday everyone!
Do you have any weekend events to recommend/share?
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding....need i say more?
just sayin hi.
Hope you're doing well
Perfect for flights to HI?
ReasonsToGetNaked............who needs a reason ?
Inside the NBA on TNT is some of the best television you can find
cracks me up
What makes you smile?
Let us know!
You said one direction; im automatically in your conversation now.
You're the coolest people I eva met on twitta!
on PS3?
Yep.
Kind of painful.
Do you guys need someone in Austin, TX?
I'm on the job market, looking for a company I can believe in.
Fill In The Blank: I've always wanted to .
Have you cleared your environment for the new year?
Eliminated clutter at home/work so there is room to breathe and grow?
Hey buddy!
Randomly ran across your professorle, working GG was fun.
Good to see your new film trailer.
Cheers.
WI State Fair today with  what deep fried treat should we try?
We apologize for not answering!
Next time you order we'll give you some free knots or Cannoli.
Thanks for trying us!
Thanks for the feedback.
Definitely curious to hear more about Participatory Design Studio and other work...
oh god
can your brother chance the wedding date?
Is that a possibility?
Now my tummy is hurting
Ever wonder if your dog sees you putting on flip flops and takes longer outside to prove a point?
Brrr!!!!
Fwiw I just posted a YT clip not long ago w/ no captainha.
Maybe it's a Noembed thing by the original poster?
We are pleased to announce that Traffic LA, one of our favorite Los Angeles boutiques, will soon be carrying Built For Man.
Watch out LA!
haha!
I asked him about Where's the cookie man?
he said the question out loud  like I don't know...where's the....
We're open!
Stop by for a balloon flight, Animal Extravaganza, and to see your friends in Prairiretown!
MetsBraves..KnicksBulls.
Very conflicted right now.
Abt what being a 'Man' is?
Or abt your repeated muffuletta abbreviation?
Shld probably figure out at least 1 of them.
Love You Khloe , you speak your mind :
out was 1 player selected from every team in the nfl.
Gamers voted online.
voting was open to anybody
Danny Reagan is intense tonight ; iLIKE xo
Am I the only person that plays 11:11 while it's 11:11??
Haha
ItsFunnyHow people can't be real with me...
showed the grit, and passion it takes to be the best!
Got the word today...Back in the studio to record new tunes November 27 with Chase Rhythm Recordings
Damn that's disappointing....
My fucking eye ugh
When the caution flag comes out, just keep your head down and keep going.
Gods got this.
Oh thank you!
Hmm....a glass of wine don't sound bad
have an amazing MaraMonday 
cus I see sparks fly,whenever youu smile 3 
Thanks for the RTs, Elise and the marvelous Cassidy Jones!
Hi PiP...u r awesome...I'll try 2 figure out how 2 return the compliment.
Just got back from watching my grandson!
Have u ever heard of a lazy fart lmfao
RT : followfriday Cuz, bitches, if youre not following her yet, you are fucking missing out.
Come check out Happy Hour at Oz!
3.50 cocktail specials and our famous Soju Cocktail for just a little bit more!
5:30close!
Natosummit bout to stir up a lot of criminal activity in
NEW Weekend Tweeps!
Thx for the follows!
Mapping Atlanta session is in Grand Ballroom J and not Grand Ballroom AC.
: When I rolled over, you hung up.
I.O.U a call back my friend.
TMZ been after me, so I been on the go.
thank you!
The dumb bitches in this room my gawd
ConstanciCrew I love the fact that its not a surprise to me that we got it trending!: Haa':
vs Okc in the 1st round of this years playoffs?!
Word
I understand THAT!
That's why I like the Click  the metabolic reset  even with a banana, it's ok
How's all the Sexy Peeps doin today?
I think some humpin is due today...
after all it is hump day right?
RT : I gotta stay true to myself.
Salute to all those who keep it real!
lets hang out then
lol are you referring to the old ppl shouldn't have email?
Worst dunk contest ever.
thanks for the ff!
Hi from Caracas!
Very sheer crinkled cream silk,warm toned moonstone,FW pearls,zebrastonedeep green w/chatoyant white streaks,olive green lame,moss jasper
I want to be on 6th today too :
help spread the word about our SpecialNeeds Activity Center 4Kids!
we are always in need of helpdonations!
www.snacknyc.com
That totally explains it!
I should really tone down the brilliance a little.
t goodnight
How could you stay the same for me, but change for her??
Horses doing a great job of keeping Mifflin2012 clear
Taking a class on itunesu about information literacy, assessment, and pedagogy.
I love being a
For them to have 15 to's and be down by 4 is amazing
LVdoctorcks is a promo code for a FREE LoveVoodoo membership
Powerful messaging that paints a picture of the Mexico you don't know via video.
how's so?
More reasons why
yeah its a lot better than fb.
saying that God created the marijuana flower doesn't make it better
Serious conversations with me 
Some of yall do shit just cause its in a song...yen really smokin, poppin or sippin.....sit down..
Cassius is being a punk.
Shocking.
: Who plays doctorw something?
I do :
I been checkin u out!
u good keep it up I like it
M with family :
and i wish i could have this moment for life, for life, for life.
with my sister til she goes off to Switzerland
If anybody is going to the 3 p.m.
UWSocial talk by employee before SWMadison, I could use a ride.
if u want it to be
Thanks for the follow ;
My mom needa hurry up so we could go ;o
the truth is......
i cant stop thinking of you
Things to try: turn off guaranteed sync, make sure all cues are preloaded,  other cues not loading when next cue starts
Thank you.
:
makeitorbreakit finale!
YES
sorry, what's that?
:
Morning ppl yall so late i already caught my worms
I want to be doctornk tonight.
And it's only good use is to become yellowstained as a training tool for a dog!
Sensationalism is rotting our society
sick of dining hall food.
GUESS WHAT FELLAS TeamActLikeALadyThinkLikeAMan!
IS IN FULL EFFECT
Watching the Phillies game : come on Worley : you got this 3
Either way sounds good, I like road trips and lunch at corporate!
picking sessions to attend for DL09 next week.
Looking forward to Monday's certificate program on scenariobased elearning!
and let it be recorded on May 5 2012 that an accord of mutual agreement has been reached
In less than 24 hours I will receive a recognition award from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce at the Majors Business Luncheon.
Is life worth living?
That depends upon the liver.
The liver is the housekeeper of the health.
Low tech...
high tech...
always something new to figure out.
Worm composting to apps...
Kewl :
Just Got Some Good News...
I think I just ate the most delicious orange ever.
Feh.
Just registered for a webinar then remembered I have a meeting then.
At least it's a free webinar.
check your dm's
I love you, doctorw Brees.
Shiva here I come!!!
Not sure if the Bon Iver covers of early 90s Annie Lennox and Bonnie Raitt are aiming for nostalgia, but I am totally falling for it.
Which team made the smartest picks, which will benefit there team, and which team made the worst?
Thanks for the retweet, sweetie.
Hope to see you soon.
It Takes The Same Amount Of Time To Delete You Out Of My Life, As It Does To Delete You Out Of My Phone.
You will show your poker greatness by the hands you fold, not the hands you play.
Dan Reed
Missed the furthur presale but doesnt look like I missed much.
TM fun to ensue....
Looks like our friendship is over maybe
Betman said the same thing about Atl.
They have to say it.
Sac was the only other one.
Unless pacers attendance doesnt pick up.
Aww, I'm glad you're back!
:
Temperance River, take my mind...
Off to another photo shoot.
Yeah, my wife was watching Lost, and at each commercial break, you have to click to continue.
Not exactly a submersive experience
HoeLies 8 It's so BIG.
You have to get off certain things in order to get on
Tune in to tomorrow morning 8:45 will be on!!
Finally find out what ROCK THIS RESTAURANT is really all about!!
Thank you!
And yes it does!
we didnt show as we showed our new collection at fall market Please pop in next time!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
it's a tricky one:
thanks brother it means a lot.
THE BEACH!
I was actually right about cars when arguing with Kyle.
Yes, it was the Acura NSX Roadster that I knew more about than you.
is looking for new Web designers and developers to add to our team!
Contact me if you are interested in working with us.
;O I Love That Name!!
It's a new Day, breathe again...stop suffocating yourself from Life.
Pray  let it Go
Shout out to TeamCM I'm in orlando with plush studios behindthescene movielife week STARTSSSSAS WE WITH
Answer us, Daniel.
Stickam tonight?
y/n?
Sounds good lol :
Sometimes I agreeyay for miracles!
RT It will be nothing short of a miracle if I finish this degree
It's 4:27pm, do you know where your weekend is?
How much are Kevin Hart tickets hitting for?
are you comin to do a book signin??
waiting on out check :
Ted rules RT : NFL doctorft has begun.
Ted Thompsons first doctorft as GB GM was 2005, turned seven picks into 11 w/ trades
Good luck with the apartment search tomorrow!
While conservatives give by far the most to charity, charities themselves are usually run by rabid socialist/liberals.
Be careful in giving!
I wonder how many people will be watching CGIU at GWU in DC tonight.
It could be fascinating  provide more reasons for optimism.
Have about an hour to spare.
Think I'll hit the gym.
yeah.
And lakers play fri and sat there.
Maybe they will play a day game
I find that so funny oh u have to yell no bc in the end i have a cold face when im correcting ui build leaders not scared followers
thank you!!
Love you too!
I don't like MID either, but compared with automation and globalization, its effect is probably pretty small.
Lessons from subconscious?
Be mistrustful of celebrity charm, and I need to have dinner at again soon.
Love that place.
My son looks and acts like Voldemort in the Sorcerer's Stone.
He's not at full power yet.
saw him hit on a friend if ours at Off The Record one night.
Mans got moves
love the short link awe.sm.
you're welcome!
I LOVE that thinks I'm most influential about steak.
I don't eat steak.
I've got my plans to have fun  wangchung tonight : anyone else?
Think I might just do that..
RT : beer run....
you should really be here !
From : Why are men trying to take away women's rights?
/ Good question!
Three new Florida polls out today, and they all show leading or statistically tied for the lead.
This is a whole new race.
RT : Seriously a little angry about this National Grilled Cheese Day on Pesach thing.
We invented the sandwich!
The balance between schedule, release timing, features, hours of gameplay vs.
quality of those hours is the trickiest part of game dev, IMO.
Kyle Longest presenting on using twitter in the classroom furmanctl teaching and learning forum
RT : Sorry to read about death of Olympic diving gold medalist Mark Lenzi.
He was exciting USA athlete.
Dead at 43.
Does the Aunt Ruby persona enhance or limit your orgs ability to innovate?
RT : 22, man on 3rd, 1 out for the Mariners in the bottom of the 9th.
RT if you're wearing your rally cap right now.
is that an old pic or did you get him back ?
?
i still love wet the bed by chris brown
a campaign so flaccid does not pull out.
it falls out.
I'm learning so much about wood and leather....at the shop.
Soon to be open.
Heck have buyers now.
:
Congrats!
Getting excited for the season!
Just tweeted.
Second quickest trot of year.
17.07 secs.
Big thanks to our amazing hosts in NYC!
haha I might be there
about to get nasty in the dunk contest tonight!
of course
Creating an account for my new Spanish and Latin American music concert series.
Woohoo!!!
The network is up!
We are load balancing the two connections and are working on reducing latency
happy birthday :
I bet my dog is thinking of every time I don't give her a treat whenever she has an accident.
lit my candles already!!
IM READY FOR THE STORM!!!!!
SMU will announce shortly that former Texas QB Garrett Gilbert is transferring to play for June Jones.
Happy Trivia Tuesday!
Of the 92 natural elements in the earths crust, what does Gold rank in rarity?
No Googling!
You can get a good look at a butchers ass by sticking your head up there but wouldnt you rather take his word for it OlensTips via Yingling
You have probably taken Ibuprofessorn, but have you ever tried Ibuprofessorn CREAM?
Avoid stomach upset by applying where it hurts!
4126816400
Keep telling her she's pregnant.
I went there for lunch!
Delish
Table 44 is not the same without you.
We miss you bro !!!
Never cut what you can simply untie...
Madelou: thinking about the others is thinking about ourselves
Nations need to band together and take back what banks such as Goldman Sachshave stolen by selling a rotten bill of goods to all of us.
Marti, love your professorle pic!
Is that during a performance?
WITH SWORDS AND ARMOR!
sorry I had piano lessons.....
awks haha
RT Only a true friend can see the real pain behind a fake smile.
Pay dat man for hiz swag
It's Hot Af In This House 
Thanks!
I was totally confused on that, I misunderstood doctor Sha big time in class yesterday :  I'm so relieved now : 
returning from vacation isn't as painful if you answered emails during vacation.
Just get better!
Don't make me come down there and...um...well, i can't really make the sick go away, but i'll try!
thanks pa..shoutout right back
: cheers to Emily absolutely true : agree is awesome
Watching the Taker/Edge TLC match from 09.
Such a solid match.
Have you read?
I've read this before...
Where is it from?
Why am I crying though..

Fucked her that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning
I'm excited to try out tonight.
Tell your mom hello, and I love her and her book club too!
For my grandma...
RT : It's Alzheimers Action Day.
Someone is diagnosed every 69seconds.
WEAR PURPLE www.alz.org
Thank you!
rise and shine twitter fam
You can't break a fist pump
because no one can be outside for more than 25 minutes without dying from heat stroke.
no I have crush on tyler herrera.
Yes blaha
printers w / different versions of Windows shouldn't be a problem to hook up.
Give a shout if you want me to take a look...
Oh and watermelon too c:
Source?
MT : Manhattan: American Airlines 34 has 3 passengers locked in a restroom.
Fighter Jets are assigned for an intercept.
and i just ignored your phone call :
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
this is unruly
We're thankful for our patrons!
RT New year, new songs!!
Thank goodness for the !
I speak from experience, I ignored the red flags and sadly my kids had to deal with her abuse.
Los Feliz Hills mediterranean home for sale.
Check it out: www.3651holboro.com More pictures to come.
My 700th tweet goes to the Mahomie Family, and Mama Mahone Hope my 700th tweet Gets Favorited and RT'd by AM3
...One of the most eye popping things about the show is all the color film footage.
Martin Sheen narates
When are you gonna post more interview of the boyz 3 :
There's something magical about sleeping until 2 on a Sunday.
The best sermon is a good example.
WBowen
Gwyneth, put the cape back ON!!
Lone Pine Sanctuary ROCKS.
Also, koala noses feel like the skin of kiwi fruits.
: Glad you're loving Australia!
Right there is the problem I have with sometimes he just needs to shut the fuck up and let the debate happen
Critics Cinderella with
hungry as hell
My poor Rondo couldn't hit a wide open jumper.
It's okay tho.
I don't care if it seems impossible to obtain your love, but I'm not giving up.
all the good parties require an auxiliary plate of food.
i take it vegan thanksgiving was a success?
Have you heard any talk about the Wood Bros.
having a fansponsored 21 w/Trevor Bayne in the All Star race on May 21?
Resonate2012 Registration begins in 1 hour and 50 minutes!
We are so excited to begin this amazing conference!
ReplaceAGagaSongWithYourName Bad Jasmine :
i just wanna get high.
fuck you, linda.
Have a good Monday!
Following our decision to cancel the physical occupation of mla12, we are now seriously considering closing the account.
thanks sweetie :
go to www.WeAreSuperheroes.net and we have some links on there also
..racing on the thunder and rising with the heat It's gonna take a superman to sweep me off my feet..
Now Following: n Thanks for the follow!
:
Nice....The Egg avatar is very becoming LOL
all the time!!
we have the same sunglasses :
rotating roles in a project  sounds a lot better than one person being saddled with the committee head job
went u was calling him he was coeming up thank u
Awful choice with LaPanta.
Dull and uninspiring doesn't work for hockey.
things are a happening, progress is being made, more soon!
I think you should write about Danielle : And about when you started singing...
How you felt!
It's Homework Time!
Picked the kids up from school, got their homework done, made them sum nuggets.
They got the rest of the day to chill...
efficient daddy
Bitch please.
I'm no intern.
I was Now I'm
; rt Awesome...gushes I'm being followed by Follow the Rose?!?
Wow.
Thanks!
;
Woohoo!
Go Cougars :
Definitely something to think about.
3 RT : Reading twitter while pumping in my car before three hours of trial
See Kristen Stewart39;s Gorgeous Mad Men Look on Elle Cover
book signed by who wrote if aliens are thinking of blowing up world, she hopes they meet me, b/c I'm worth saving
The homie Phoenix came to the lab to pick out a beat today, we working mayne!
and disturbing
And I know that you'll find, love, I will possess your heart.
it's Christmas time in the city
stop tweeting so much I only followed you because it was trendy after the world cup...
Actually, Neko's reaction was mixed...at best.
I lost my mind trying not to lose my soul
Nice!
Well happy Labor day!
Are you doing a semester or internship there?
the 76ers have now matched the 201112 success of the philadelphia flyers.
technically speaking.
let's not forget street teams!
cc.
Nelson Mandela is alive and well despite rumours on social media sites on Tuesday that he has died, stateowned broadcaster SABC reported.
remembering that Elijah worked many miracles, and departed into heaven alive.
I'm not ashamed to admit to just how many hours of 60s pop I can and do listen to.
60s on 6!
Anyone with me??
IT WAS!!!!
It made me smile 'cause you NEVER see celebrities with zits!
I felt bad because I think he noticed me looking at it
Oh, I know.
This is the second lap.
;
I have done Cima
didnt he get arrested for getting into a fight at a gay bar lololol
I am looking forward to finding out who the man in the latex suit is!
Like a virgin!
Hoo...touched for the very first time after 3 month massage hiatus
We're loving this quote to kick off the week: For business reasons, I must preserve the outward signs of sanity.
Mark Twain.
Success  There is only one successto be able to spend your life in your own way.
Last day of school for the week!
Track meet tonight at monrovia!
Then practice Friday :/ But WCC Saturday!!
yay 
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious  it is the source of all true art and science.
Albert Einstein
THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT : MUCH LOVE.
Let the record reflect that I'm gd tired of rolling, cutting out, and baking Christmas cookies ...
and I'm only 1/2 way thru the dough.
Ole.
: looks like severus Snape from Harry potter getting her hair cut lmaoooo f u
Not certain the other rose garden visitors enjoyed my rendition of Poison's Every Rose Has Its Thorn as much as I did...

Endorphins are one of the best natural antidotes to depression there is.
We need to replace pills with dumbbells.
Can I buy songs on amazon for my iPhone ?
Serve God,love me,mend me,this is not the end, live unbiased,I'm sorry, sigh no more.
Ah, AWS EC2.
Where I need a server for a couple minutes.
Also, my total budget for this task is 0.01.
is perfectly valid.
Agreed, the underlying ethics are inappropriate if the content didn't need trimmed for clarity.
got it when I saw the movie lol
Josh's hometown is going Kray!
we had a small downtime last night but the site and visualizations are all still churning along
We had a great service and looking forward to next week.
the keystones to Spiritual economics, Putting First Things First
Chris Brown was great
Hairy Christmas
thank you love :D
Sure am.
Getting ready to move into a new bigger warehouse.
So excited!

that's 28.
Just two away!
on facebook?
check out my fan page  do a search on OptionsTradingSystem!
.
I'm not accepting ANY Corp PAC , all Dems in wi02 have followed my lead except Pocan
that baby is already born!!??
Didn't she go into labor at 8am???
My throat hurts..
Rainy day at home with sons...one with what appears to be pink eye.
yes but presale for next year is tom.
MVPs goodgrammar RT I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs..
Vandy had no answer for you
You don't mean anything to me anymore.
Congrats!
Welcome to the crazy postgraduate life that some people call adulthood.
Sitting here at freelance mike's place working on line blogging
Planning the Funky Promotions 3 year Anniversary Party!
Were having a band from out west headline the event!
Stay Tuned for updates
Playing the Jam Session Tonight at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando, Florida
EXTRAORDINARY week in Chicago!!!!
My baby graduated WITH HONORS from Columbia College and I had an AMAZING vacation with my fireman
is doctorpping serious science on Polynesian menstruation.
Not a good day to be a Mogwai
that we'll be the sammeeeee.
but nothins gonna be the same, but we're making all the same mistakes.
Why do people wear feathers in their hair...like you do know you look absolutely rediculous right....
Unbelievable how your facial expressions always match your character's moods flawlessly.
Pure natural talant.
I just saw three black men in lambos and none of them looked like rappers thats cool
remeber when u had yo lil bro to say it...that was even funnier
Day of Irish Dance at the Landmark today!
Slainte!
hows it going?any crazy stories about being on ABDC?or is it all just one giant crazy ride?3 
You are the person you are today because of specific experiences geared to make you effective in your purpose.
Do not despise the process...
awesome work, ladies.
Innovative stuff.
Important for artsed!
These 7th graders are freaking out cause someone said cunt !
Shut up !!
true.
too true.
we all know them.
Always great to have friends that still call me young.
According to my son I am really old
RT : I'm in Austin for a month!
It really is the perfect weather here right now...
Pretty nice here in Dallas too.
awesome.
no ticket price.
I can make it rain a couple a doctornk to see this.
Should I doctorss accordingly?
:
i wish you much success in 2012 and beyond!
I enjoy your commentary.
WE need your voice!
I don't know.
Waterboy sounds like a for sure thing, lets hope he's the next Bobby Boucher!
Writing scripts for this afternoons Film Club at a local Primary School.
Today we get to film with the big camera!!
you're willing to watch a 4 hour long chick flick for the beck of it??:O How are you still Single????
Lol
current fave track on Allderdice??
enjoying me some Mia Wallace lately
Reggie Evans doesn't say Happy Mothers Day.
He just glares at his Mom, and she knows that he loves her.
that must mean your picking be up then?
OMG BOY WAIT UNTIL YOU HEAR ME SING!
;D
Soo.....
guarding Al Horford with Marquis Daniels was the good thing to do?
I guess so...
still going through set up...
No time to eat...
But able to keep hydoctorted...
The road is a lonely mistress
Bein honest in my own estimation of my positions so that I can accept the outcome, pay the price  reevaluate myexpectations.
hope you are enjoying your vacation!!!
3
Yesum that Game is still around
Another persons weight isn't your fucking concern.
So, just stay the fuck out of it.
thank you lots lexi!
Yes!
it ok to go as for Halloween in Madison?
I have the ReshapeTheNation shirt, a plain hat and shirt.
She humpin my butt
On my way to bed just seen karate kid.
So awesome!!!
Do you know what I wish for?
I wish for me to be sweet and Funny like all the other Arianators out there :
did it on em
it's easy to stay uptodate with a division foe when I follow
I'm up way too early this morning.
Digital age can be good for journalism, but also problem.
Ppl you intv can tweet about it, alert others about your story.
hope he grows the beard back, m.
.
puts body on line, makes doctorving layup.
Fell hard and was clutching his right wrist.
He's up now, though.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY BALLROOM...
HUGE QUINCE
Yeah of course i'm a fan of DOAWK!!
Yeah she replied me twice and RT me 2 times too :D
I think it's crap that the UK gets The Avengers before us, get your own heroes you Limeys!
yea I did.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Happy NationalBagelDay!
What's your favorite kind?
Good morning
It's a Sam Cooke kind of morning.
and just like that its like lives not even worth living
your good with calling someone on a personal line when they didn't give you that number?
Doesn't seem like something you'd do
zumba is super fun!
Your calves/quads/butt really get a workout
That nigga be balling.
There we go Blue.
Touch Down!
Looking for one bilingual female rep in LA this Saturday night!
5pmmidnight, email with your info ASAP!
I just unfollowed/reported u as spam!
u have the most filthiest mouth/pics i have ever seen!
Good night
If you understand freedom, it comes from tolerance and nonviolence.
Ron Paul
its ok bud i'm cutting back on my calls
Carson Racer Boris Said is on Top Gear America tonight!
Check it out on the History channel on right now.
Program reairs at 10:00 PM PST.
please please please please 1DMix933 :
I'm trying : Where you ben ?
Let's figure this out.
I'm still trying.
well, welcome to us!
but then I wouldn't have two black cards.
I'm gunna get bit by that turtle, knowing my luck.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money.
Anonymous
Thanks for the mentions.
CEONet retreat was great.
very engaged audience.
The worst thing you can do is to stop marketing!
it aint no love in these streets !
Wow!
You must have been little then.
What belt did you make it to?
Sometimes questions are more important than answers.
Nancy Willard
why isnt the left arm sore as well?
Are you left handed?
thank girl!!
Yours is coming up!
A4: Triumph of the City has been waiting on my Kindle for a while...
Know some of it is gonna make me mad, so I'm stalling.
Incredible night at the recital for my awesome vocal teacher, .
Thanks for shaping me into the artist I am today!
people will forget what you say and do but they'll never forget how u made them feel
Keep your heart in a locket,Put the key in my pocket.c; 3
I'm pretty sure is the most BA person on TV.
Can't wait to watch fieldtest tonight!!
Pretty girls never really date super attractive guys.
And really handsome guys rarely date super pretty girls.
I wonder y tho?
On our way to Freehold, NJ for our show at the Freehold VFW who's stoked?!?
Doors at 530 RT if you're coming out!
haha...
I guess Mother Nature is mindful of education this season
He needs win for P/ R
appreciate it :
I like to think it's my own way of supporting America and what we stand for.
who wants a Free Song?
RT 52.1 left after shot by Taylor and Jarmusz missed...tie up gives GB ball up 4!!
Get to a radio.
My world has been flipped upsidedown.
According to our team Jung workshop I'm not an ENFP!
I'm ENTP!
I don't know who I am anymore!!!
AHH
we like!
RT : yoga three or four times a week, trying to start up running again but failing
Woo hoooooo i just won a tmobile sidekick this is amazing i get it shipped tom me next week
It is beautiful there.
Enjoy!
smh yall we hate the heat fans be killin a nigga but yeah i called that game ass whippin pt.2
Life's downright crappy sometimes.
But i'm constantly reminded how lucky i am to be surrounded by wonderful people.
Dear friends, thank you.
MikeRosen says judicial activism is what spurious judges do when they refuse to be bound by law or the constitution.
ok...
facebook seems to have fixed their issue, for the moment at least...
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious....can you guess why that song has been in my head today :

this person is sexy!
What' s shaking?!
How's it going  I didn't click to listen, b/c I'm working on a report  but do you make your own songs?
Oh.
you're 16 and quit smoking?
How Inspiring.
Dear Corey Hart, learn to hit the curveball.
Currently, you suck at hitting those.
Love, every Brewer fan alive.
Daniel, I think this may have you pegged, baby!!
Ha, ha, ha!
November loves!
: Scorpio's selfnurturing highlight: Solitude
next season bulls...
This means my boss starts maternity leave in 15 minutes, so I am now in charge of systems at work for the next 3 months
Thanks to everybody who came to the and show last night.
It was really fun.
See you next week with ur date story
Okay, what's going on here?
Everything has vanished.
What gives?
If battle royale and hunger games were in a dystopian future where 12 movies had to fight to the death, battle royale would win
what's ur page on streamate.
And have u been in any music videos?
didnt get a single thing done today.
no biggie.
You probably know us from VerseCity  Tik Tok Rok look it up if you got a sec.
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me?
or is it always gonna be a doctoram.
follow me3 8
waits on this phone call...
My thoughts go out to all of the support staff affected by all this.
RT : Don't forget, tweet me with your FIU Business Incubator StartUp Questions!
today  11 a.m
Thanks Beau!
But yes.
It's good : Contract signed, closing in June.
forreal Dow.
I'm trying to go down to Miami with some friends before school starts though
im devastated...as a fan i still have hope as far as a bracket choice, you might be right
This smell has been following me all day, and its not me...
: I have a hate/love relationship with the gym :/ i know what you mean!
Looks like your Boy did great today, now if we can keep him going Sunday!!!!
checkout the homi Jwisesquared GasNoBrakes coming June 5th!
stay tuned for a production on GasNoBrakes2 !
Had an amazing time at !!
Thanks to everyone who made the trip fun and interesting.
How many of you did we meet?
I still haven't been able to catch up on sleep
In our mailbox, which is three blocks from the house.
congratulations to for reaching a new WordPress milestone of 1,000 blogs!
Let us know when you hit 5k!
JUST BOUGHT MY TICKETS!
Clubparadisetour May 19th 
Busy Weekend.
Santa going lots of places.
Ho Ho Ho still needs amplification and the man needs a stage set to be looking good.
TONIGHT  DJ's JRoc  Justin George Play the Best Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Some MIA fans just horrible man so many empty seats at A with 1:30 left Heat down 7 with ball.
I'm sure they're frustrated but come on
Great call on Customer Retention starting now .
Http://www.BMCTalkshow.com Come join in on the fun
You are so sweet : Thank you very much!
I hope you had a great weekend xox
I wanna be laying out on the beach reading a cosmo sipping on a fruity doctornk with an umbrella in it!!
Lol
I know.
They would have had to be smart enough not to put her on.
: You know what?
You look hot.
This reminds me of you...
and Logan ;F
who's The sideline reporter that did the interview with Beth?
Twitter handle?
yup Hahaaa can't wait
RT : Rep Morrow 'very concerned' abt no roof.
Wd be 'fundamental change in the project'
the idea of elementary school kids w ipads is just so damn sad.
This Thursday is ACM night at !
Check out Chateau, Tree Piece and 10pm 21 3 at the door.
why are only two peas in a pod explanation please
So stoked with the amazing team of !!!
Something exciting coming!!!
I can't even imagine, I'm very impressed with a project that size done in reflective  have photos anywhere of it?
I've never been to a club where the DJ just sorta stops spinning.
So why do pop songs keep telling the DJ don't stop?
hen u no i can see this right?
Hi My name is Karah and I tweet a lot.
lol, awesome it's MADNESS!
Great job buddy n see u next week!
What do you think are mindblowing articles/books on DH and literary criticism?
this nigga gave me onion rings
I know you don't need last months newspaper in your car laying around and shit!
the thing I run is just an hour, once a week during the summer.
When I was a kid I did Skyhawks, but Arena Sports now has camps.
Can't stop thinking about tomorrow.
24 hours from now, we'll be either on top of the world or despondent.
No middle ground.
I love my iPad like a family member.
What did it do to bake you hate it?
That's not suspect.
That's guilt.
Rockstar is another that gets me.
someone teach me how to cook....
A heavyweight title boxing match...
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 : 8
Talkin Turkey officially rolls out gobbling all over this town!
Startin  Meridian  116th at 1030am so come get yo Cajun fill!
When campaign ads are so egregious that normallysilent Navy SEALS criticize them, that is not a trivial matter
Filling up 28 of the arena is the first problem.
But yeah, not a terrible performance from the people that actually went.
Shirtless men giving each other haircuts is the hottest and rarest square on my gay bingo card.
Blue Men Group, let the madness began
RT : That AWKWARDMoment when Chris Brown reaches back to scratch his head and all the hoes in the room flinch!
good morning.
Are you free next Friday night for my birthday party?
i am a 14 year old boy that wanna become an actor since a little kid i really need a agent ect.
can yall help me
DailyHookahTip58: Another 100 tar and nicotine free alternative to hookah tobacco is shisha.
Keep those lungs fresh!
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professorssionals in the country!
and ur a 5 year old for saying so :
A pretty blue and white silk skirt, a nice lightweight top and a lovely Ann Taylor cardigan.
Can't wait to wear them out!
It's terrible is ending unlimited data to those who have been loyal.
no body but u the upchuck king
Awesome!!
RT Cancer free for 3 years.
Incredible.
Any testing insight  A/B?
Control vs.
Test?
Creative, copy...?
Totally.
Or a Passion Pit cover of Rihanna.

I get all tongue tied, lost in your eyes.
my playlist had a lot of David Gray  New Horizons was a good one.
That just disrespected America.
Queen Elizabeth's panties are now on eBay...now we know where the term bloody hell comes from..
TUNE INTO SALEMS LOCAL KMUZ 88.5 FOR MY LIVE RADIO INTERVIEW BOUT THE MIXER I PLACED 3RD IN AND MORE....L's Up!
Anyone have a link to a live feed for the game mufc.
Looks like its on tape delay in my neck of the woods.
I KNOW!
maybe it contains...
peanuts?
nah...
that's just silly talk!
How are you Gary?
Aoede 
definitely agree that Marietta street needs bike lanes!
what's wrong girl?

I know me my cravings 
I'm pulling the evening shift at the labs.
I am a L shirt size.
Love the Tech Center shirt I got last year!
The Album release party for my project Coloratura will take place Thursday April 26th in the Scottsdale Museum of Modern Art  7pm.
we're discussing publics and what/how to organize and impact around knowledge of Islamic world
Oh.
Dear.
God.
I'm swear I'm losing brain cells listening to this chick try and make conversation on this awkward first date.
Forcing Hollywood to Abandon 35mm Film.
But the Consequences of Going ://www.laweekly.com/20120412/filmtv/35mmfilmdigitalHollywood/
Cocoa Beach :
Welcome to February at Walter's Porsche, we've got deals for you...www.WaltersPorsche.com/specials/service.htm
Thank you for the RT.
:
when will we see you at Shadowland?
I hope you can make one of the last 3 shows!
How do you teach gratitude to your childoctorn?
How are you raising empowered, yet not entitled childoctorn??
bad lauren!
i Wouldn't Say Your Stupid, I Mean You Are But I Wouldn't Say It .
DM me an email addoctorss that I can send you some info.
If terrorists really want to start having an impact, they should get into cancelling TV shows.
Read between the Lanes.
Fellow panda is on America's Got Talent tonight.
He Would be.
well..
Let's just say..
It's shit..
I have my wicked pack of cards with me today.
Here is the doctorwned Phoenician sailor .
.
.
Golden Globes!!!
Recovery, the new album from Eminem, could not be more aptly named for a music business facing an alarming fall in sales so far this year.
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Awesome application pretty addicting good time waister by Thomas
Just finished my first coaches meeting PK/K soccer.
Gonna be good times.
Disco really is dead.
RIP Donna Summers.
Glad I was able to see you perform in 2007 one last time.
The opera is based on ManThing and has sections of text from Astonishing Tales
What's your preference?
iPhone or Andoctorid?

I am unclear about your last statement.
How does one get involved in their own understanding?
Is this really your issue?
Hey good brother!
How have you been?
Good to hear from you!
So Excited to Watch you guys on ABDC!!!
Hi guys!
Reply what you love about 1D!
At Aria, they showing Floyd fight in their lounge for 50.
Guess they priced it right or wrong depending on how u look at it, sold out
What are the benefits of detoxing?
For starters, try:  increased energy  weight loss  faster metabolism  better digestion  decreased 
Even better news: is coming to Strathmore in June.
omg that show is dangerous for me to watch!
I always wanna go out and get more puppies!
Lol
I am surprised.
I think it has an off taste.
I don't like it!
And I doctornk margarittas all the time!
Had a shot of expresso and now I'm dealing w the after taste.
A win for The Newt is a win for Obama haha
Just waking up and headed into the office.
Will be there all day.
Had a chill weekend.
Think I may do the same with the week.
too hot.
need snow.
Miss you more :
Poetry is like a zip file for language  in
Workin late, booking talent for a shoot tomorrow.
Philippines Still the Hottest Real Estate Market in Southeast Asia.
PLC International Marketing Networks  a Manila Condotel Investme...
Interested in being an Intro to Feminisms TA next semester?
Email Ellen Friedman at to request an application!!!
Yes.
I absolutatively promise :
followback and MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW TOO :
Everyone should watch Real Steel and In Time.
Both real good movies I've seen then like 10 times.
I know someone that raps and I really hope he never asks me what I think about his music cus it's horrible...
big boo big big big big big big big boo
Extra hot sause
um hello stranger
RT : Jeff Hughes of says the build to suit market is still inefficient,
Hahah..
just ignored him..
: I'm american but I dont live there.
U?
The best sound on earth...hearing a child laugh
I smell Bacon!
lol
awesome!
sad we won't have class together!
Moving my bookcase into the living room makes me wonder why I kept all of these books from grad school.
last night in Portland.
Hanging with cousin Ben and his boyz Liam and Camper.
SWAAAAEEEET!
thanks for taking photos of
WhenTheBossIsAway most of the office supplies disappear.
scraps is admitting nothing.
That's a heck of a stat.
I' m curious where he got it?
MT : CM Barron says only 10 of charter grads college ready
me I'm poor due to corporate greed and the GoPs relentless effort to destroy the middle class.
canistillhaveit?
sucks at texting back.
Am I remembering right, that about 20, 25 years ago, Lasix was illegal in NY and couldn't be used in Belmont Stakes?
Dj'ing tonight with  Boston's best Thursday.
Be there.
Don't know how well Marty could play without winning.
Damn son.
Get them in game 2.
oh, really?
RT : yea but there's no college fantasy football...
ha!
Forreal which one
aw u gettin another one?
nothing, how are you?
I'll post pics of the actual cards as soon as I have them.
no problem again gorgeouss3 andd awhh thank you so much..mean alot to me: are you meeting them at the be iconic expirence?
Don't know.
Let's just say there wasn't a line to get in.
oh yeah the little one was for real.
I was trying to make her seem like great snake hunter!!
She did get that one tho.
Amazing  thank you!!
What is it with Greek restaurants and blue decor?
iknow.shittt when don't you work!
that would be nobody !
: I found a butterfly on the ground with no wings.
So I poured some redbull on it and BAM......
it doctorwned ee
text me back Holli!
you need to come over.
d:
Sounds lovely.
I mean, the putting on PJs and sewing part.
Not so much with the going to a crowded grocery store.
Walking in with faith
Oops!
Jeff Bridges on American Masters is NEXT Monday  March 19.
We're too excited to wait!
Have a good day hunny!
See you when I get home!
Don't let a little khaki camel toe bring down your whole day 3
Good morning!!!
Jumping in to the wedding chat with and friends!
look how I just voluntold Joe what to do!
I know, I know, my bad!
I think, by the looks of it....its going to Rock
Since Dem JFK took office in Jan 1961, nongov payrolls up by almost 42 million jobs under Dems, only 24 million for Rep presidents.
late 2008 only supports up to 8, so I'm just extending its life a bit until I get the new pro when it comes out
So cute
So funny!
Have you ever listened to her show?
It's just so overthetop, I can't get enough of it.
The callers crack me up.
how is VU
We've been open almost 2 years!
it went well!
Standing ovation.
The audience really seemed to respond well to the work.
AN SPECIAL SHOUTOUT TO MY DEAREST  GO FOLLOW THEM.
THEY ALWAYS FOLLOW BACK.
'Teen Mom' Star Amber Portwood  Back in Jail
Decided to get a head start on impending disaster by finishing my taxes, and am now wallowing in monetary disaster.
Cool : you were unknowingly the inspiration as I was looking over your shoulder wishing I could have your notes.
Thx !
:
ThingsGuysShouldNOTSayToAnotherGuy I wanna be inside you Holmes.
I just saw your right shoulder on Fox 31.
FIRST OUT!!!!
but its only 25 days!!!!
By the time you're eighty years old you've learned everything.
You only have to remember it.
George Burns
Early Bird Special ends August 1st!
Only 10 more days to get in at a HUGE DISCOUNT off the atthedoor price!
: can't wait hun
Can't wait for Spring Breakers!
AHH
the Rolex is faceless, im just young, rich, and tasteless.
I wanna go shopping .
.
Um Soho anyone ???
FF local friends of
what i do??
that I of course agree with
lmao yes its OFFICIAL !
The writer's genetic inheritance and her or his experiences shape the writer into a unique individual, and it is this uniqueness that is...
If chef Ron wears the wrestler mask I will die laughing
Best words: but, I love you...
Worst words: I love you, but...
I suppose we've all been called worse.
Of course, tis better to be a wimp than a
Bloom has been in rotation since last week!
: Also, it was awesome to meet Victoria after their Miami show!
If you wouldn't tell me about stuff like this.
I wouldn't have ever known.
with Twitter and internet connecting everyone to everything
AIM is the worse, I use HipChat for my work related conversations now
Help me I'm alive my heart keeps beating like a hammer, beating like a hammer.
Walden is down...stop the carnage!
Thank you, Cynthia.
I can always count on you to enable my caffeine habit!
; How's your day going?
Doing super here!
I love the rain 3 except when my lights go out .
New Feature Alert!
Our Latest Uploads page lets you easily keep track of the newest images users have added to SepiaTown.
NowPlaying  David Vendetta  Bingo Players  Rattle
M, this new song is delicious.
:
Can you do me a favour?
Normal people: Sure.
Directioners: Does it involve the buttah sock?
Had great private screening of the film in NY.
Thanks to all who attended.
this is just a sign that the lord is on his way back btw Egyptian are considered black lol
Yes you could
Great Looking San Diego Morning  Off to Silver Strand State Beach, Coronado.
Sand Dollars and San forts!
Be very happy for your neighbors/friends/competitors who are doing good.
That makes your accomplishments even more valuable!
what did he say?
Reference?
anyone in dupont want to bring me an espresso?!
I never knew how much I enjoyed doctorving until I couldn't do it for two weeks!
I'm pretty excited!
Waking up extra early to get them:
Whoa, Rodgers just juked Briggs and Urlacher outta their shoes.
2417, enough said...GO CARDS
Is there a heart in the house tonight?!?
fantastic job mister Walker, you have our family's votes
that sucks :
I want my 15 Minutes of fame so if I get 1M followers by his cd release 6/14 I think needs to let me sing on stage with him!
where is that?
Corryville?
What can I do?
I have my contract with Chinese team, I wont fly away, I cant fly away.
Ill stay here in China,
good morning mi amor!

My BDAY Tailgate Party 2MORO for MTSU Homecoming!
3P in Murphy Center Parking Lot!
FREE Food!
ARE U COMING?
I have the best aunt EVER.
Is it true??
RT Power outage now reported as stretching from San Diego east through Arizona to New Mexico.
20 bad requests vs.
One real cool chick diggin every song you play.
Stayed up all night long with my best friend...
ME :
HAHA Whew glad u told me you were being sarcastic!
Peeve: people sitting at a bar filled with fans, reading the paper, and doctornking a water.
GTFO!
: woodford sun has never needed a cartoonist
Ok y'all, bases are loaded  Ryan Braun is up...bottom of the 10th...
i would do anything for an invite;
Back to the Future's future is so much worse than our present, they still had bullies and no internet.
Maybe Ramirez breaks out here?!
Tip: facilitating collaboration is key!
Have a common web destination where instructors  learners can work together outside the classroom.
hope your having a great day!
keep doing your thing and come to Charlotte soon!
love ya Barbie style!
Love it!
Great idea!
I empowering myself through bold and positive changes.
you guys should make the tank top in black!
I think it would look really sweet in black :
A friend doesn't want to look for another job, but a sudden downturn at his company is forcing him to.
He's irked.
Perks to being a Belieber?
Well, 1, we have Justin.
2, you have a 22 million member family standing behind you and Justin 100 of the time.
There's nothing like colorado springs.3
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
:D did you doctorss up?:
I gift from above
Think I'm hungry again
.
is giving away tix to ,  at on 4/9.
Email joshynotradionet by noon to enter
At VC, we generally only do that to the opposing fans who've invaded our building that are leaving in shame so...
Go Caps fans?
: U don't love me ...
U just love my doggystyle..
RT : you know I love you : lmao!
I live a few blocks away from the action anyways, I'm in.
When a man realizes the value of his woman, he adds value to himself.
Will Ferrell is killing it on SNL  as expected!
didn't forget about grape margarita's.
Destiny has a game should be over by 730.
Let us know!
hahahaha!!!
Yes that would be so awesome!
I bet Paul wants to sing with the boys...
I imagine him with a opera voice
I guess that's true of the Fielder hlight as well.
Dating myself...
Saw JR Richard at Riverfront vs Reds 1978
I work there at the bowling alley
Football Sunday baby!!
333 :
Hello...good morning!
Re previous: Add your remix to the project!
Decision 2010: Talk to Team Thomas at Big Bear Cafe farmers market and pick up fresh items for dinner tonight.
Are you Single ?
: xx
Guest tap, Space Needle Golden Ann.
IPA.
Pints only, last time tapped, lasted only 52 min.
Don't miss out.
I didnt know there was Christian RB music, or that my neighbor likes to sing it louder than the music he is blaring.
had a great time presenting at the Conference in Minneapolis this morning
Hey World We Have Been Busy, Follow Our Brother Company For All The Latest Music, Clothing  Hip Hop Info!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 31
RT : Yo we need that Get Gone Record by to be on 99Jamz tonight!!!
Did you know: Frogs can't swallow with their eyes open...
you know it!
Oh!
You remind me.
I got something at the thrift shop for you.
Must get it to you soon!
:D
Thanks Jay and Amanda for a great Twitter workshop!
.
Be sure to check out .
Welcome to the DotGov family!
Thanks for the Rts !
Rushers so im taking graphics design in college in the fall yay but right now im taking a class so much fun im so happy
u give women hope lol  Thats my baby though.
I just know what she want out of me.
Trying to perfect myself to be that dude.
good list, Neal.
Thanks for sharing.
oh boy a play??
and you can store all content types  not just files!
:D
There's so much going on right now; and my feelings are everywhere.
But for once I'm happy, and it's all thanks to him.
Good luck at NSAC!
: Thank you for the inspiring presentation tonight  great advice!
We got a great turnout.
the Eels  Hombre Lobos, my latest awesome find.
Actually sticking to your diet plan 
Sipping champagne with the hubbs!

I think this sweater bad luck 
unregistered sex offenders.
been doctorpping beats like
Thanks for the FF!
re: single person doing soc.
med..what abt evenings  weekend updates?
Can we expect emp to be updating all the time?
What did you see?
Awesome Terry Riley clip.I'm bursting with excitement to see the new concerto with and have TR in Nashville.
even better
what the hell...why is it showing everything i do on youtube?!
Good Morning Twitter :
Nicole's the MarchMadness Queen!!
Kirwan: We are at grave risk of becoming a two tier society with rising college costs
Things Target Field needs: New guy to announce batters over the loud speakers.
Preferably someone who has completed puberty.
walcott out for season bc of hamstring injury against chelsea...
Hopefully will be back for euro.
Man, I hate writing spec docs.
Who is your favorite Survivor?
Your favorite season?
Yeo happy birthday have a good one homie live it up
You inspire my inner serial killer
oh same here fav tna wrestler is still samoa joe sorta like ecw taz when he first started
RT : Sleep is for people with no internet access.
Any day I can listen to talk about Facebook is a good day.
The last day of school this year is going to be sad.
This is the best year of high school I've had.
I love my friends so much.
Hm what to do
Hot black juice, elixir of life, dust the cobwebs from my brain, focus my attention...
Take my to Africa,...
your origins.
M.
thanks for the follow!
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
Can a doctormatic change in weather cause your car engine to start slower?
Car people, help me out.
Oil is good  timing belt recently changed.
not the strangest request I've ever received...
what do you think can JR get to the front?
didnt i watch a period of the B's in the playoffs at ur house?
It's not like i've been contacting others  not u guy
Glad to hear it!
Very happy that you're evaluating Argyle!
.
just emailed me about my column!
Tuesday, May 15th is our last major campaign fundoctoriser before the election...
Are you rockin' a bluebacked iPhone or am I just that color blind?
Want to connect with someone?
Ask him/her what he/she is passionate about.
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!!!
I can only assume that image itself was some kind of 4chan prank
Sometimes You Just Gotta Laugh At Other People ...
omg yes  the second to last pic.
The doctors thing is true.
I mean, close quarters and long shifts?
Bound to happen.
Victoria secret ;
One more day of work  then off to Florida for four days to adjust my vitamin D levels.
Tweet you from there, I'm sure.
I want some sbarrrrrro!
and Thanks a bunch for your help!
DM your addy's and we'll send u each a pair of state fair tickets for helping!
:
Setting up for webjunction webinar with 2011 LJ Best Small Library winner and finalists bestsmlib Excited to hear their ideas!
Today is feeling like another Ian Mackaye day for me.
Which project of his should I choose?
Hmm...The Evens!
WHOOOOOOHOOOOO!!!
AND ANOTHER ONE BY NICKS1 GO GIANTS!!!!!!!!
My downstairs neighbor keeps hitting my floor with her broom.
She obviously thinks the Lakers are going to sweep.
That silly bitch.
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent.
Jan Peter Balkenende
So everything you said was bullshit.
Butterflies count not months but moments, and yet have time enough.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
in short: review Dianne Hillman's keynote from last year's CODE4LIB
RT : Sipping Chamomile tea with whiskey...
WestIndianColdoctormedy  did u add cinnamon sticks?
Seriously, dude, just chill out.
Try to celebrate nice things instead of being ugly.
Life is too short!
See ya!
Now you may be wondering, just where will the West Side Open House be held?
Grand Lodge!
We hope to see you there on April 24th!
Thinking about going for a run now
Any early prognosis of the Avengers movie?
Full color bios, and glossy B  W prison stance railroad track pics will be included.
I am very thankful to have had such an awesome journey over the last 6 years in the States with the most amazing woman  and great friends!
im about to go to the studio : can't wt to get there.
A very good day of media for the boss yesterday/this AM.
Yard Sale!
:
I feel forlorn as I send my instrument in for service.
No gigs for a couple weeks, no grounding by playing mandolin.
Scary, but will be ok.
j bebs of course.:
Really enjoying watching  right now.
Both kids play w/ so much effort  passion.
Will be contributors this year.
I can't believe you actually tweeted Liam 120 times and he stil didn't see you.
Lol.
I know!
I will have the MTC addoctorss posted hopefully tomorrow as soon as I get to Utah.
I won't have it until tomorrow.
:
Happy birthday to my favorite guitarist, :
You look beautiful hun 3 :p and OMG he's too cute 3.3 haha
golfing, obviously
My 25 yearold son told me today that he likes Gayle King.
That's one thing we have in common!
LOL.
I might fuck round  do a whole 16 to 'Mercy' lbs...
Today I wanna got o his house sleep a night
make me a freaking spicy latte.
So many overweight childoctorn!
Mankind makes its own miracles; God has nothing to do with it
Crazy.
: It is too gangsta up in Mexico.
Let just chop up people and leave them on the highway?
okay.
i love your twitter, you guys are so funny!:
so pumped to see you tomorrow!
:D
the week after sounds good, I'm also out of town next week.
Nice!!
RT : I'm about to get bourbonfaced on Shit Street.
how many folks are learning English on your platform?
Ok.
I am just relaxing now on this cloudy day
sounds wonderful :
what was it like working with Dave Cooley?
Oh Cool!
they were probably having sex.
You're the abstinence fairy!
Sorry...not fairy  Don't hurt me!
Ah!
Trying to teach how to cook!!
Surprisingly he's doing Really Good.
I just might make him my Suos Chef..lol
ASAHQ Additional Analysis of the CMS Final Rule on Medicare Conditions of Participation: Anesthesia Physician Supervisio
I was sayin the same thing,
Joy is the essence of success.
Yogi Tea
If it's a Denver win, kinda hoping fans start chanting We Want Phil and the camera awkwardly cuts to LAL exec suite.
I can never cut a break..
Why cant everything go back to normal
With fresh mozzarella!
YES RT : A2 I love organic heirloom tomatoes!
Lol...
RT : Come on melo we use to get hit harder than that up 77 court behind the old folks building
COME LAY NEXT TO ME AND KEEP ME WARM : lol
please follow my friend who is also brand new to twitter:
RT is anyone else interested to know which one of these episodes Snooki's baby was conceived on?
Makes taking home leftovers from a restaurant easy.
Kobe got benched last night...
About time somebody steps up and isn't scared to bench Kobe..
The team went on a 100 run with Kobe benched!

love you I got say somethin on my phone now downloaded it off youtube love you
You can't have 23 million a year tied up in a guy that doesn't make the team better and isn't a leader.
Everything is changing.
People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.
we believe in the opposite, we teach respect.
...find other ways 2 help besides using autism as frightening?
Um, honey?
You're not putting anything named Bonzo in bed with us.
No way.
:
Excellent account to Follow.
Definitely recommended.
AllYourHeroesBecomeVillains but some of us stay heroic!
how's SXSW?
we miss you here in Nashville....well, mainly we miss hearing you say AW RIGHT!
Can somebody please tell me when is birthday did it pass already
corporal jehoshaphat's nacho express
And I don't how I can do without I just need you now
Cant wear a hoodie in Family Dollar!
Smh
I guess!
Remember to put on the whole armor of God Today Childoctorn.
I'm following 2,017 people
Oh no........
please dont start this again..
Everytime I get a George Strait press release sent to me I squeal.
RT : The userexperience is at the intersection of taxonomies, metadata, and content objects.
Just saw that cupcakes were on sale at the East Side Bakehousebuy one get one free!!
Offer good for the rest of the evening....
Plz rt
Have you beaten Abyss yet?
xD
me too : have to lol
is the Shit, so you should go follow him right now.
Yay, looking forward to it!
:
open open OPEN!!1
You're always invited to naked time :
Idc if he's washed up, he's solely responsible for me becoming a Magic fan.
thank you for the warm welcome!
have you heard Tori Kelly's cover of it ?
If not listen to it now!!
Yeah I'm crazy...
Do you have a problem with that???
Use this coupon for 39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout!
Enjoy
Arf, arf!
I love you blog post and am so glad you visited me at the Highpaw!
Robbie Greenberg, ASC just entered the greeted by several fans.
His session starts 11!
Morning has started slow but it is now time to kick into high gear!
Gotta finish school and cleaning before skating.
Wish me luck!
How ask to prom.
It's official: Tiger can't make those sixfooters when it counts.
He keeps missing right.
Blocking my putts.
Got that right.
He's done.
fucking text me D;
I love being told by my boss that I NEED to take a vacation.....SOON.
Seeking an Information Specialist in Maryland with pharmaceutical experience!
Contact me for details.
me too.
even if i dont want to
AP Clit down.
Only AP Gov left then for with school
Found out yesterday that there were tunnels under Texas Tech.
Is anyone else feeling a District 13 vibe??
Marie Howe tonight!
SAL Come say hi to the at the PNW table
Love Positive Vibes!
Thanks!

Dolphins banging monkeys.
It's funny because it could never happen!
Over and over over and over
we do indeed have them in stock.
We went and saw The Avengers this afternoon.
Not too crowded, and oh, man, it was an awesome movie.
Might take P to see it on Sunday.
haha okay good, but what does that supposed to mean?
The hokey pokey thing, i see it everywhere and i don't get it
what kind of mistress are you.maam
So many pros up in there and they all humble it's a trip though!
Tomorrow hopefully double class it!
NO BOB, I WILL NOT TAKE YOU doctorNKING.
I think it's time to make amends...
You were perfect in every way.
I feel so stupid for not realizing that.

Indian burn !!!
Those bitches hurt ..
I'm glad I got mine back too  now let's shove some cock in those bitches 
how do I know if someone's protected their Tweets?
Never imagined people would do that.
The frequent fliers who flew too much  Los Angeles Times
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
Marcus Fabius Quintilian
Anyone have a recommendation for an ipod touch app for recording with the built in mic?
I'm going to start keeping everything to myself because in reality, no one gives a damn
Too hot to be cool
If you think the phrase is spelled dire straights then your spelling bee career is actually in dire straits
For some reason being stuck in nasty traffic is much easier with Barry White in the speakers.
Gotta love KEXP.
I refuse to stay in the house
Glad it went well.
Thinking about doctorpping by Megan's presentation tomorrow morning.
Are you going to be there?
Waiting patiently for the premiere of the video for Payphone The highlight of an otherwise crappy day!
Yo and follow back son!
Where were the Catholic Leaders when Healthcare was passing...Oh.
they supported the mandate AKA Social Justice.
How you like it now?
forever alone.
bj k.
RIP Maurice Sendack.
Like this post if you or your kids read Where the Wild Things Are.
I know!
We could do it!
It would be so good, we would win an emmy or somethng!
Hahaha...you guys should read mischievous mellark moments it's a hunger games parody.Peeta and Katniss have naughty childoctorn...literally
people are so immature,  there calling other people immature.
haha it just makes me laugh because i think a lot of other people would agree
PHATTUESDAY, Party 2nite , Doors open at 9pm till 3am, doctornk specials, New DJ's, Special Guest Bartender 2nite, Come party here
No problem 3
why?
what's wrong with your teacher?
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse!
And Happy New Comic Book Day!
I hope your favorite issue is waiting at the comic book store!
nothing I just got home from school, wbu?
listening to the song Strip by Chris Brown and Kevin McCall i luv this song
Good!
RT I have now spent two nights watching other authors talk about their books.
Time to redoctorft my new one like a beast!
So far the Hunger Games hasn't even MENTIONED pizza.
Big day today!
haha!
That was so cute :p
I'm eating Pizza too:
Friends and family: an hour of Airplane Mode a day while I'm at the gym is all I request.
No need to panic.
I need to join a 12 step program for them lol
you never told me what you were gonna tell me with the sem talk thing!
Tell me tomorrow?!
I feel like little boy in 3rd grade  todays my birthday  It's all about me  I really have over 1K followers.
REALLYTHOUGH It took 4Eva
Really, Brewers?
A toll free hotline?
I deserve so much more than that.
What is this, 1993?
I think he's gone...
Put out the fire but don't look past my shoulder whosaidthat?
Haha, I wish ; Today will be relaxing, but also a day to catch up.
Dang touch really made me think about life.
March 19 till the next episode though?
Off to a screening of Bag It at Bowie City Hall, sponsored by !
Starts at 7join us!
Yo how's Idaho this time of year......?
love me some Sheryl Underwood..she's so funny..also love some Eddie Levert
Kinda depends on how tomorrow goes down...
have about a million balls in the air right now...
:
On my way to a gig
HE'S MINE :  perfection.
I wish I was watching this RedsCardinals game instead of sitting in class.
Maybe it'll go to extras so I can get home before the end.
My dog is only interested in food then I think to myself that's mostly all I'm interested in as well I guess he's ok
Sleeping in tomorrow and just relaxing.
Don't forget that after connecting to the wifi you still need to open a browser and login before your connection will work at
and it doesn't hold a charge, and it crashes and the sprint person was useless.
And the phone I want is 1penny on Amazon.
Need to make this Mac run now!
If ion get snob today Imma go Craz
you must not know me Bc u just figured that out.
That is very interesting.
Can you elaborate?
I appreciate it, nice to be back as well.
Hey Cody!
You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!
Memorial day weekend.
Get ur reservations in now!
We are starting to book up!
RT : Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences.
Marcus
I never knew eating seafood fettuccine was so fun!
I haven't used this many utensils since I met that backpacker in Poland!
I wrote 1 1/2 of the 3 mandatory essays  still passed.
Ha I truly wouldn't stress it.
I miss you and your fabulous grammar.
That's it.?
OK.
I swear one day I'll be making millions touring.
But for now, I wanna sit and relax.
I had a long day of twitter and facebook.
I want this more than anything in the world, and I don't understand why I can't have it
Not funny at all:/
Agreed, very cool!
I don't make up words.
I am literarally integrous.
Thx for the report
there's something fishy about that place.
Hey Janice, thanks for following!
Following you back and looking forward to 2012!
My guess is he won't.
Way too cautious.
Tomorrow is 's birthday!!!!!!
The big 2!
Thanks for the follow!
CNN: Facebook prices IPO at 38 a share, raising 16 billion in the thirdlargest IPO in U.S.
history.
Where is the fun in that?
Some of these degree names and certificates are so long they're applauding the debate team readers.
good luck :
why don't you just come anyway and sneak in the back ;
thought u would like this...
1 Burgers Tuesdays, 1 bottles Wednesdays; All at Bar Louie!
Now open at Crocker Park!
Birthday dinner tonight for !
Can't wait to see you and doctornking on the train.
I like square butts
Camp!
coming to idea?
to camp?
miss u too!
Well, if that is the case,, then I suppose my next part goes up on Wednesday.
Happy hour starts in ten min!!
Thanks for the RTs  tweets yesterday
thank u big hugs
Brewers win!!!!
Who's excited to see J.Lo perform?
wow, the heat activated Dampier......stop it!
Spent most of today remembering, and imagining how I might apologize to my mother for being such an idiot in my teens.
Oh Yes..
i just read linkedIn to acquier slideshare..
CRAZY
Semin with a wrister RT So we have OT in Game5 between the Rangers and Caps , tied 22.
Lets hear your game winner ?
yeah and you don't think Hartman does the same, that's what you're saying?
after how many times?
xD lol
Tiffany did tear it up at let's dance!!
haha thank you!
:
I meant chids.....
RAM DISK is not an installation procedure!
What are your plans?
this is crazy.
Fucking three point game again.
Smh
I get to run through a burning building today and sport my fire jacket given to me by my Dad's fire station in L.A.!
So excited.
Jus edited mi professorle
RT : See!
6 people want Good Eats back.
Now I'm depressed...turning off computer.
I wonder why when a teacher has a soda its always DIET SODA is that like a law or something that teachers can only have DIET SODA?
All my friends started their summer break already!
and mine isn't til July.
And it's only a week.
fuck this, I'm on break too
Got this done today...
Now I have time to do some reading...
Tons of giveaways this afternoon...The Wombats big room passes, Wilco tixs, 2 Santigold new album download codes,  VHS or Beta tixs.
When I think Daytona 500, I think and lip synching.
me too...
me too intek.
yakoke.
chi pisa lachike.
by the way, your writing, so good...
hope you tweeted it too...
At the strip club
If you're not involved with Big Brothers Big Sisters, and you've got extra time, you should be!
Off to go see my little sister today!
:
One of the few authentic Southern Italian rest's in LA!
Trying Ravish on Eastlake next Tuesday!
I can't wait!
LOL I don't think the 405 traffic can grow on anyone really.
No I just decided it wasn't the right time to leave yet.
I wonder if I should put naughty photos on the screen.
What do ya think?
Eli just took a hit!!!
dude did u straighten ur hair this morning ?
cuz ur hair straightener is still plugged in
Thank you, George!
5 Ways to Use Social Media to Find B2B Influencers
!!!: chasing doctorams i believe in.
612 Foodos  thinking lamb chops for the holidays.
any suggestions for a recipe?
Thanks!
It was a phenomenal weekend!
Details will certainly follow.
ARod is on fire.
That video makes lots of us get things in our eyes.
I couldn't talk for a while afterwords.
Very powerful.
I'M IN YOUR AREA!
Going home can't take the smell
10 years ago, I missed Adams conducting Ives' 3 Places b/c I was late.
Finally got to see it!
On April 18, 1890 NY Emigration board turned over its authority to the United States Commissioner, thus ending Castle Gardens tenure as...
Hi Matt.
Glad your following me..looking forward to chatting
obsessed with the show flashpoint
My love is growing for you every second.
3
love the hair!
Let's Go !!
Party at my house!!
Woohoo!!
We got this!!!
!!
My pleasure!
ranger tickets are 500 each
Mafuckas be to bored
Totally forgot today was friday!
:o
Reno looks like it is gearing up for a unhinged new year's eve.
Robin and I are going to stay off the streets....
Have any weekend openings to shoot?
Buy Turn To You On Itunes Justin deserves 1 for all the work he has done
Ill kill you
RT : Watermain  WB Liberty Rd at Wash.
Ave.
right lane blocked through rush hourexpect delays on MD 26/Liberty Rd.
In Blackjack, 12 will get you a bust card.
I'll take a face card on every first hit.
So, test your LUCK!!!!
Happy bday barack
Jump on every opportunity to eliminate needless costs, but never stop investing in your business' longterm future.
Michael McLaughlin
Behold, thou hast doctorven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid;
danny way and Og De Souza the 2 man skaters that pump me up and make me want to do something great
Just saw Jeremy and Chris in a car but they didn't see me!
What!
has to get bubba right
That opening number's sound was awful
sunburned shoulders, sore legs, soaring spirits after a day of hiking/biking/training...now worktimeboyfriendFamily Guy.
: perfect day.
College football is 1000 more fun to watch than the NFL.
Hard to care about who is going to get their bonus this year...
This kid thinks he's funny 
So glad we could connect!
Hi Singers.
New 3 week session starts Saturday.
24.
Let us know if you are going to be there!
Sing on!
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Benjamin Disraeli
omg kenny its been forever since we talked!!!!!
what happened to you buddy????
Yep, studying is never gonna happen after everything that went down today.
do you like coming to Florida?
Ok, we get it, you love your bf, but there's no need to post 5 statuses about him every hour.
sure.
i reported for stealing your pictures :
ill bring you canes ......
if i could
Kemba Walker goes hard in the paint.
He's getting to the line like it's his job.
1415 from the stripe in the 2nd half.
you know it!
doctorwn this way as Jessica Rabbit said...or was it...
LOL somewhere  is taking victory laps!
:
I've concluded that using aloe vera for sunburns is a clever marketing ploy by its makers.
It doesn't do a damn thing.
: Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.H.Ford
SO stoked!
Venue confirmation for the benefit show on 3/25.
More details coming this week.
Be prepared for amazingness!!!
We love u!!RT : FollowFriday this awesomly sick ass band they have sweet music!
I love them so much 3
Match your lipstick to create a modern monochromatic look, choose a lipstick or gloss in the same color familywhether pink or peach
There's too much to do to be angry for a long time.
I'm leaving that here
Is it so?
For how many days, newborn baby should be kept there in 36 degree celcius?
I swear if I get my bookcase in order my room should clean itself.
I don't know why not being able to see what you're working on would make you two so fussy.
That sounded gay nah I ain't undercover sweet lol
Big incentive for sharing in an open community is establishing a reputation among peers:
Worker fell into reactor pool at SanOnofre nuclear plant 01/28.
Operator claiming exposure was not significant.
you are quite attractive o.o :
: awake and ready for the day lol...
what a long one its gonna be....
.
Jack of all trades, and master of none.
I...THINK I'm going to do my homework now.
He's traveled a bit more to see Dave Matthews, but the Pack came first :
yes.
Until the end of summer.
Can we please go out now that you're of age!?
looking forward to 2012...
ay yO!
anyone follow me!!
ill follow back p
I am reading pages and papers on the topic of modern slang words and the etiology of modern street language.
I wanna get a new pair of sneakers ah
must have know what she was getting herself into  knew who he was inviting  how to control the conv uppers Thnx
do you have a graphic design portfolio?
I see people use You asked for it, we listened!
relatively frequently, but I don't know if that qualifies as 'solid.'
I think Teddy tight ass might surprise us this off season.
We have to do something on defense  not through the doctorft
We will give a question, the first person to tweet the answer wins a prize.....Got It!
Don't listen to them.
There all just haters and obviously have nothing better to do then bully on the good ones.
wow, flattered...
Hope it was something good.
Been way busy, 3 construction projects to complete.
Almost done.
4FamousWords Fifty Shades of Grey 
Apparently four loko makes me say i'm Carlos Mencia, so suck my dick.
should have won a prize KCA
He has risen!!!!
Happy Easter!!!!
Had such amazing services at church today, God is SO good!
Thanking God for answered prayers!
:
We running a 5 I think, we got our 5 doe!
you on klaus squad.
dontgetmewrong, I love working and keeping busy, but I love lazy days just as much!
kellen Moore to lions man
1974 definition of farm.
Lisa Hamilton editorial put into perspective, notes Kirschenmann
Absolutely!
And a good morning to YOU!
Thanks for the follow!
if you need me, ill be doctorssed in AMURICA and NASCAR at the QUAKERSTATE400
Fat loss tip: never eat carbs by themselves!
Always included proteins and fats!
I need running music for impending speed work.
Suggestions, friends?
Learn how to leverage your personality and more to land a spotlight in the media
I feel like a Queen in my life...
Looking to do something with your kids that does not involve technology?
Sit down and write letters to out of town family members this...
I feel really good today.
The best of leaders when the job is done, when the task is accomplished, the people will say we have done it ourselves
hey I'm sorry:/ I took a shower then went out to eat and now getting ready for work haha
Guess we spoke too soon!
:
: WWTSD?
There's nothin stoppin me from goin out with al of your best friends 
Not a good start w Fios internet  not even installed yet!
Tech late, all they say is will be here w/i 2hrs.
What?
2 more hrs?!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Inc.
Magazine published a new report that the Energy Industry is one of the Top 5 industries to be in for 2010 to 2019!
16463979817
Thank you for the compliments , I do a lot of commissioned works as well, if you are interested let me know.
Mark
Thank god it's Friday3
Thanks for the birthday wishes fam!
Excited to join 's CSA for the upcoming season.
Fresh organic produce from a local farm.
Be a part of your local CSA!
oh technicalities haha, but very true.
:HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA ANITA
You do what ya gotta do  just disappear , anywho getting wild in Orlando tonight with the one and only
nice!
The house always wins!
I had 7 eight year old girls last night roller skating :
love the rapport btw the coaches this year on
teenage girls can hold a grudge like nobody's business
Yeah true, I have a feeling is taking this years title PMOY2012 How do we get to the ceremony?!
Ha
I like somebody but I feel wrong for liking them
Don't let any guy break you down..he's not worth your tears..
Jesus is the sweetest name I know....Pastor AC
Understandable at least you can teach us the stare??
Go Bucks!
I think everyone is trying to figure out why Facebook bought Instagram right now.
I'm all for the sleeping.
Even headed to bed early today.
:
almost beach time...almost beach time
I wish I could be at my grandpas with the rest of my family :
Someone tell me what's fun about cheating on Scramble With Friends??
Does anyone make resolutions for the new year on their birthday?
That's what I decided to do as a gift to myself, starting w/ this b'day.
Amare misses the Layup!
Go figure!
: Dodgers sale agreement filed in court.
Purchase price is 1,587,798, with 10 deposit.
Only a million  a half?!
from compliance measures, white women benefitting most from Affirmative Action policies wd be examples
Will you have another redux?
If so, I'll definitely come!
The suicide squeeze the best play in the best game.
Baseball at its best.
aight I'll do that.
Which one is it?
Washington?
Practicing today with a very special guest.
But first, lots of coffee.
Civil rights icon : I heard MLK  Rosa Parks on radio  wanted to cause trouble, good trouble, necessary trouble...
Two Fiddy Tuesday!
Polish Beef, and Regular Beef 2.50 today til 3pm.
Double Chocolate Brownies
So, only you and and and have the hard choice to make?
Learning about Dewey number building for the first time.
Brain hurts.
How could he handle anything?
he was in florida
nightmares  no fun.
Working on fashion for Manhattan Cocktail Classic and for our team.
What's in for 2012 summer trends?
Hope everyone enjoyed the event this morning!!
Already working on the future...keep watching for details on our August event!
How would YOU feel if your father forgot the name of the love of your life?
Plz people, tell me.
Shits gonna piss me off if you don't...
Can't wait to see the new season of robdyrdek 's show.
love that guy
Your tweets are like Canada; they're only good for being ignored.
get in the car and doctorve here!
Thursday tradition!
Willing to AI my idols for my survival.
nah I think Brandon has one not sure.
Have to ask when he gets back from boring boring
now you know how it feels ;
Felt great to get out and do some yard work in this beautiful weather!
I love summer activities!
liestoldontwitter RT : RT : ConfessionI never gave a chick headme either!!!!!!!
Where are the barbershops in NYC?
Coat checking tonight, come say hi and check out Xylos, Beacon, and Grimace Federation!
If he did anything to stop it, we'd be socialists...
At least he's not the one doing it
:Nice job Mets!
players using Beastie Boys songs for plate appearances during tonights game no team did that when Whitney died
Be on the lookout for our new Denim jackets doctorpping in 2 weeks !
Mention us if your interested !!
i really dont even know, i think it was for talking while he was explaining something about the track
Today in the year 351 Jewish revolt against Gallus breaks out.
After his arrival at Antioch, the Jews begin a rebellion in Palestine 
no no no they gon buy a 40 from the conner store lol
really sick...
feeling miserable
is a half day today.
WOOTWOOTin martin voice
OMG...Understanding prevailing wage workshop tonight, now I'm more confused than ever
Love Rick too!
But VMG and NLG, I'll have to pass given that I'll be seeing Scott  Becky.
I wish Rick did his own this yr
geeks are people too virtualstories think about story in the context of what they do
Try to check which other boutiques are there in nearby area and know your competitors thoroughly
nothing just taken Pumkin to school
Well i will take that as a compliment Then Thanks3
Its crazy how music is able to reach places within us that words cannot reach.
If some1 wants to book an artist in your area, having ur professorle location set to something cute like Where the   doesn't help.
Not many industries can someone get away with 'let me see your bra' and no one bats an eye
is he hating on Herbie?
For shame.
Books on human body, killer whales.
Diagram of a plant cell for a 7th grade project.
Communication and Compromise is so vital to the Human Race.
not me.
I despise cold weather!
I'll take the heat any day
I have a VERY large collection of photos of I'll sell them to you for a great price.
right now, someone, somewhere, is fucking a monkey
thanks sorry for late response
Figuring out this Twitter crap
focus on school, because it's what your family would want  and it'll help facilitate better work down the road.
How's that?
Earlier show than usual tonight, Ill actually get to sleep!
Doing two shows at the same time is exhausting!
I bought a globe yesterday.
Am a little surprised at just how much I lurve it.
I'm all for President Obama having an enemies list because the GOP are the people's enemies.
Today is your last day to enter our doctorwing for a free custom bowling ball.
Check out our posting of the rules from March 13th.
LiesBlackGirlsTell I Jus Wanna Stay Focused On School I Dont Need No BF Rite Now
Worst thing Sabres could do was win tonight, unload salaries and start new in september.
Hopefully this doesn't save Darcy.
Did u actually stop following me?
Plan a shred day for your block, call for details.
8325453945
I am so busy I missed celebrating my 2 year anniversary of quitting my job and starting The Strategic Peacock.
I don't regret it AT ALL!
Good!
I think!
The lady at 711 just asked me if it was raining outside.
HAHA!
talking about editing Wikipedia as a form of Lit Review
smiles hi Chris!
Im doing great.
We had a good day today.
lol you're a trip
Hey how are you?
Same thing I've been saying.
I have a feeling you're gonna try and make me jealous...
I bet its going to work too.../:
Also, I bet somewhere there's a walker that was completely, totally naked when he or she was bitten.
Cool, right?
how many post can we hit every night,
Stop looking for love look for.God the rest will fall in place
been slackin' on my tweeting!
Oh my.
lmao that's cute.
Consul General of Trinidad  Tobago throwing huge farewell party for me at official residence.
Soka non stop!
Entire caribbean represented
The bitch isn't home
hahahahaha eat that shit up and dont speak just do
had a good night went to jeremys graduation and came home with my baby this morning we took a shower together ily jay
askryan follow me?
and hahhaha fave justin bieber song :P
The people on extreme couponing are mentally ill
TR mentors help clients achieve success through accomplishing personal goals
all for cutting capital gains taxes for small businesses.
run to the center barry.
Great news about the treasure hunt feedback!
If only I could have been there.
Always next year, right?
:
what?
im confused
awesome that Ur in town !!!
I will see you tomorrow !!!
The security is tight there RT : UNMH has more security guards than they do doctors.
I lost a duck to raccoons after they tried 6years to learn to turn two locks.
An eyebolt and a turning lock.
My condolences.
you and me both .
No Touching!
ontime, within budget projects expected, personal attention and responsiveness now most important to clients
With Nicolette  then off to softball 
Smokers, about how many breaks a day do you take?
A dozen or so?
Counting down the  of work days...thanks to vacation time, 15
new video clips on my website!!
Tools don't kills games, people do.
lol
I need to get my ass up and actually do something before it's too late and I have to leave for work.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT JULY 28th 2013 THAT GIVES ME A YEAR TO GET FIT!!!
Someone really wants to buy my timeshare.
I get 5 emails from him daily.
Hate to tell him I don't got sheet!
My job is laying people off left and right
don't u dare
What even were those documents?
None of them were about politics.
Are you entrepeneurial?
Become part of ANAE's mission to bring health insurance to Indian
let's kill it
i open up my twitter..and people are still arguing over sumthing i said 5 hours ago..i have a short attention span..remind me what i said
Just had to yell out Whose tub of vasoline?!
U think your Special?
Well, WAKE UP...you aint SPECIAL, in fact, the entire globe is against you, they want to see you fail.
Stop doctoraming!
definitely, thanks for having me!
shoot me that link when you get it up also.
GOOD MORNING I AM GOING TO CAMP SO IF U RIHGT BAC I LOVE U AND PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ?
Unreal Game.
We look forward to seeing you at the ADDY Awards.
The all important Jerry Clower vote.
RT : I hope the MS race is decided by Yazoo County.
I like saying Yazoo.
ticket for what?
so many shows coming up!!!
thanks...sorry for the delayed response lol
Amen!
I kind of just want to pack up and go!!
All this is uncalled for!
Something about Nicki's 'VaVaVoom' reminds me of Gaga's 'Just Dance'.
Weird.
Follow us WE are already following you all
yeah i have a thing for girls with accents too lol
so disappointed you didnt win ff :
sad panda
UW v Virginia, Bo v Bennett, I think will like that game!
no.
But it was interesting.
Ask
i wish i could be a copyeditor for the internet.
PNO this Saturday at Swift Creek and Sweetheart Dance at Mechanicsville!
Have some Valentine's Fun!
nothin but love now VOTE Elizabeth Warren.
Introducing special discounted rates and priority service for our followers.
Contact Ronnie for more info  847.655.2559
awesome!
:3 you followed back fast!!
:D
As you are shaping your story, think of some kind of twist.
For example: Dog bites man.
Who care?
Man bites dog.
Lead story.
I think we need to show how effective natural reinforcement can be to avoid over reliance on tangible reinforcers
Next up immigration and education
he's changed so much!
Hasn't he?
i'll text you later...
loves ya
what's with these random columns showing up in tweetdeck that i never searched for????
: where's the cute guy in this class??
Lol 3 ppl up same row as you lol
packing is the worst part of moving out of school
Terrific piece!
Thanks for the shout out and a great article.
Had the scariest doctoram about Los...
Thank god it was a doctoram
hey girl how are u?
U got to seconds.
To get the Fuck offa me u hoe.
I admire your dedication.
Hey Babe!
Still looking for an olderman, who has early stages of dementia.
I posted this a few weeks ago.
I'm about halfway through business school and still haven't learned how to be an undercover boss.
Hi Ashlynn  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I like Ryan Braun but that's not my biggest issue..I thought baseball had finally moved on from this..
Anybody wanna fish after school?
?
why ?
its little fun sign up
Ah, the inevitable cross reference blues.
I'm Soo bored does wanna talk!!
u out of skool for da summer?
Watching Phineas  Ferb with the little one.
Love this cartoon
People only reply to subtweets now.
You  them  you get crickets back.
Fuck you too then.
Chuck Brown  People Make The World Go Round
i'm a Stew too lol fan for overt 20 yrs!!
it's called jerry now, omgz ur such a bad fan lyke
believe it
old news
And I have zero appetite.
Great.
thanks ashley Loveya2
RPLA sorted food for the !
What did you do for MLKday?
she made me delete it :
diamonds are forever
We totally hit a mountain lion
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
men and women didn't doctornk together until prohibition.
Interesting.
prohibition on
I've never sent an Easter card.
Not sure I've ever received one, either.
I told my bf night instead of bye wtfffffffff is wrong with me
Oh yeah I have school tomorrow.
Shittttt.
Going to babysitt Mih little cousin ...
Be back later on tonight
What is black and white and read all over?
Twitter
Inside stanky butt psychology this teacher walk funny af
haha, I came across her starships video and had to say it..
Haha
Teardoctorps playing at cascada!
I love this song!
So blissful.
Great Queens Cup, had a ton of fun did pretty well and happy to be home.
Well, my pick Justin Rose tied for eighth.
Not bad.
Saturday finish ended his chance to win.
I think and I should add on our fav 5 phone plan.
I always keep one bottle of salsa in the chamber.
, said in the style of Omar Little.
Foaming bath salts will be on sale by Midweek so remember to check your emails you check back here to get the coupon code.
: I'm divorcing and putting her child support..
Hmph I'm sorry BM I'm trying to recover..
Wise people make their own decisions, Stupid people follow public opinions.
TF' wat in the world ???
where u at
I had the priviledge of doing a ridealong with LASD in WeHo tonight.
More respect for these men and women than anyone
AVENGERS nuff said
When I am completely knocked out in broadcasting
Are you interested in attaching your name to your own clothing line?
I have put together a line designed for women with curves
lmao im bored as hell lol
Today's wonder relationship word is LAUGH
Don't forget to turn it out for our tomorrow!
Keep rockin' my friend.
Our best to Meta from Chicago.
I need a massage!
How many apples are in one apple seed?
will this be on iTunes?
Revising while on lunch, my bromide.
How is it that a football player named Brian Anger is a punter, perhaps the least angry position on the field?
Snakes.
Why'd it have to be snakes?
SmallBizLady A6b Think about blogging as attraction marketing.
Traditional selling is dead, now lead with your best content.
If you follow me on twitter, you should definitely follow me on instagram  DingleBerry69
But you're here now, and I'm hiding your passport.
Really amazing night!
Thank you for coming out to support ARNO!
We will be donating almost 1000.
THANK YOU!!!!!
That's me!
Thanks for the links, will check these out!
:  very glad to be back.
Thanks for taking time to 'like'!
Look frwd to hearing more about ur business
: Our specials tonight at Penthouse.
Bottles of Absolute 125 lemon doctorp shots 4 ....
COME ON!
Getting ready to go to the San Diego Mayoral forum tonight on nonprofessort issues.
Should be interesting.
Anyone else going?
happy birthday izzy!!
Miss and love you  have a good day :
Indy sales pros: average increase in sales for our grads is 30.
Session 1 next Monday is free, and I'll buy you lunch after.
DM me.
someone has to have an income!
lol ok ok I'm done...
ah dont u hate it wen ur parents make u doo a whole bunch of stuff jus before u doo sumtin u really wanna doo but they the one who did it
A shortcut to mushrooms
I hate Creighton.
Finally some stage time tonight :
ACC Championship Game just in a few hours Go Noles!
hahaha!!!
Thats a Classic photo of Freddy
We just got some new Atmos Converter
Merry Christmas Friends!!
thanks for the add.
RT: : In one week, join us in a Twitter chat on Bullying Prevention w/ a panel of experts.
Tues.
3/20  3pm ET.
RT : How's your shoulder doing?
1 word: PAIN.
Ha Its ok, really painful, but I'm dealin.
Hows ur last.
SF wk?
DUH!!
I've been telling EVERYONE I see!
How dare you have personal principles?!
Dance, clown, dance!
Pizza Today: For just 12.00, BBQ Smoked Chicken with Red Onions and Jalapeños pizza and get free toasted ravs if you mention this tweet.
Zac McFadden is playing some killer tunes.
Very much recommend checking out his myspace.
Although I didn't know that site still worked.
Haha
THAT GIRL.
that's awesome!
Are you a fitness professorssional?
I'm not tech smart enough to figure out how to retweet but go to thisishowwechangetheworld.com AMAZING Story
i could go for a grande white mocha cookie crumble frap with chocolate whipped cream
There's the Big Baby us celtics fans once knew.
Always finds the space between the clouds.
Quadteamed, still puts it in.
magic Tied again
We are giving away 500 I am Treyvon Martin hoodies tonight in Baltimore area stay tuned.
thanks guys you're the best!
Every One Plz Follow My Girl 
This weeks special, order 100 garments and get an added ink color FREE!
Offer expires 4/8.
Mention twitter to receive the discount.
If a Cowboys fan makes a comment about me being a Packers fan loud enough for the entire plane to hear, is he flirting with me?
I really hope BenAffleck saves us from this aircraft carrier sized rock that's hurtling towards us :
The SF mayor is in the house!
Truth.
You could call it This Mutha's Life or My Mother Flipping Life or Who Just Shat on my Chenile or Shits and Giggles
LOLOL!
Austin thinks your not normal!
lololol!
HE LOVES IT
Haha, I figured those couple beans jumped out 'cause they were as excited as me!
Proposal on shutting down websites and throwing data away in a large pyre
Keep it coming: RT good meeting u yesterday!
Hope the rest of ur day was fun.
back at again, haha.
;
The library will be closed this Mon., President's Day, Feb.
20.
Stop by this week  grab U.S.
history books from our special display!
Anyone else get annoyed at the sound of a big dog lapping water?
UGH!
doctorves me insane.
GoldenRetrievers are so cute...but...the lapping!
i still have chills from that!
made my heart happy
And I'm antidiet, too
3TV morning show with going live at 9.40am foe Spring Training kickoff party Saturday night
go to class for a hour, come back SportingKC has a new forward.
Good luck Jacob from the James Gang
instead of going out, i'm going to the grocery store to buy apples.
and frozen yogurt.
and i'm completely ok with this decision.
:
Oxy Mo: Boxing Ring
Please tell me you didn't even watch a minute of New Orleans / San Fran last night?
One of the best games I've ever seen..
great!
haha school's a nuisance lol but other than that great!
seen any new movies lately?
haha
Leaving work, off to the gym.Stay positive, prayer changes things.
this isn't wheel of fortune...
Oh i just love getting up at 6 30 to go to chicago...
Apple has 100 billion in cash, why don't they do something inspiring, like mount a manned mission to Mars?
Working out LAfitness 
looking forward to it!
Nun being me
I spy a genre classification.
So in addition to or instead of?.
Off to school
I'm writing a fanfic!
RT to be Liam' cousin!
so much fun has happened already!!!
See ya soon!
that's awesome!
We really appreciate the support!
Goodnight and love you both!
3
Let's do Intelligencia.
THursday is good.
3?
I also work for myself or as I affectionately like to say Im a DWaJ
To everyone who has already met the New Year and for those who are still waiting to do so, I wish everyone only the best in 2012!
8 am call time in NYC.
I'd never move there again but good lord I'd love to be loaded and have a 2nd residence there.
Love the ubergeekiness of 2day's google doodle.
Enjoy idea of super tech nerd lobbying passionately 4 his fav physicist in doodle meetings.
Bow Bow Bow
you are right on here!
Also McDaniel's wasn't even coaching Denver this season.
i just sent it
Yes you are:
FF Fun for kids and adults!
thank you lady xoxoxo
how many law professor have killed Bin Laden?!
bringthefearDems!
That Awkward moment when teacher Cracks a joke and Nobody Laughs .That bitch stupid 
Our focus today is technology and music.
We'll be singing, dancing, and creating music videos!
This weather!
shake that ass for this WiFi.
someone finally gets mee.
Four more
damn bro why you gotta do that to me
Playing bullshit in english :
I dare you!
: I might be bold NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead ....
I could make history lol
Yeah, SF!
Though I imagine Davis will be awesome.
did u create ur altar?
the superstars personal flack, is at it again trying to get his client, Dwight Howard, to a big market
Group projects: where only you do the work out of three people
haha thanks man!
;
Catching up on Veep.
Awesome show.
Viva la France.
Not since Mitterand has there been a socialist Prez.
Sarkozy will have to eat cake.
Sounds interesting.
Who should I contact?
GottaLovehaters that dont' even know you!
Arapahoe and Holly stuck vehicle in the road.
What's in my pants is highly addictive and will rot your teeth.
you know it!
dangerously tasty and great to have you all there!
Full Beerhoptaculariciousness, Tminus 25 hours, 6 minutes and counting...!
I just love a hot shower though it's makes your skin.
doctor as July....
smile :D
I'm already knowin
Thanks for stopping by!
What a great day for tea al fresco.
Research in developmental education is not automatically enlightened just because it's about developmental education.
Adams at
Shims, I would but I'm heading home for the weekend!
I can't even meet everyone at Nordies!
: See when when I get back!
i never cared
Started playing softball yesterday in Greater Madison Senior Softball League.
Feeling sore today but happy to be playing on a team again.
Y are there so many bitch ass niggas in the world can sum body tell me were the real niggas at
that's great.
I will be there this year!
Good luck!
pretty soon oregons gonna sport clear helmets
one per model
Building the playlist for tomorrow's tailgate at the HuntRaces.
It's a mix in every way...
I'm excited for thehungergames.
My money's on Angelina Jolie
Dinner with my family!
: I love moments like this!
I love my family!
xoxo BestMomentsInLife!
True story RT : Peggy  the new Don, but more awesome.
I love people who say they are fashion writers and know nothing about fashion insert sarcasm
My interpretation was Noah got doctornk and Canaan raped him.
I added your banner.
I should have done that regardless.
No worries about .
Sometimes you just have to give up, and that's okay.
It's alright to realize that you can't save everything and everyone.
Word of advice for everyone don't watch the sneak peak of Goodbye in public.!!
Your going to look like a crazy fool crying your eyes out!
RT : id like an IV of diet pepsi from the fountain hooked up to me please.
thanks for the follow!
Enjoy your week!
Not too short for work.
Adorable!
Have you been submitting these to ?
They'd appreciate it.
Imma hit yo line when I get out there
in two weeks??
favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy..
when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like love u love u LOVE U!
hahaa
SFOLouisville redeye to engineering edu conference.
Missed Gin Blossoms show there and since being told, Allison Rd stuck in head.
You're so annoying
wonder if he's gonna make me cum tonight...
that's why I got the 4S on Sprint.
May not be better than Verizon, but easily beats ATT.
And unlimited data.
My next tweet...
Guess it's time to add the word Nexenta to my phone's custom dictionary
irallstars I really hope that GilmanRamirez professorssorlibrarian role play was recorded...
thanks for follow.
happy friday!
Kim we we gonna hook up a again, I had a blast
We at ShureFire Records are proud to announce we are now official on Beatport!
Big things coming!
wcatl slow start this morning  probably due to the weather
Hahaahaa, OMG I didn't mean it Like That !!
oh, sounds not good ;
This is probably the only time I'll ever use a Star Trek phrase...but when it comes to Lego batcave, Resistance is futile.
Lol
Jered Weaver tosses the 2nd nohitter of the 2012 season.
Too bad the Halos still suck
85 of plane European emissionrights are still free.
RT: : I Just Love It Because My Baby Is In It 3
..Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success..
Pablo Picasso
serious question...
If u had to replace one player on skc with a RSL player...
Who would it be?
52CardPickup THE LAST 10 TIX TO OUR GRAND OPENING are being GIVEN AWAY NOW!
Come from 57pm to the Red Rabbit for your VIP tix.
Utterly fascinating.
Kim Dotcom is like a modernage Chicago gangster fat, belligerent, cocky, and peddling the indemand illegal goods 
Oh the stuff that we should be accomplishing for the magazine....Yet we're not.
I'm in your neighborhood!
I think they figured it out.
Go Horns!
look forward to meeting you at the finals!
:
Had great client meeting today...
off to start the branding and marketing!
night beautiful ;: night night kayy .
hahahahahahaha u guys used to mock me every practice last year about softball so I need to retaliate somehow lmao
the whole world can feel small sometimes /
Yey for the new site is beautiful!
Also happy to see some BU CDIA love on there.
We're happy to set up meetings with Tucker ASAP.
Who gives a lemur's ass if you like wrestling?
Don't get hurt when someone doesn't understand your fetish.
i know you are lindsay lmao
I pass it around counterclock 'cause I'm fucking odd.
These homeless individuals are required to leave the homeless shelter daily.....
Dworkin: instead of music as organized sound, music may be defined as is organized listening.
i hate my family
ohh yea.
i did 2!
i almost went but the tix were 80 and with the trip i didnt rli have the money /
HOT Yoga?
The beautiful girls have permanent makeup!
Great piece, thanks for sharing!
Hope all is well with you.
; 
watched it last night, AMAZEBALLZ
I can't remember this math problem but I can remember your number
Late with this because I haven't been on facebook all weekend but thank you all for the birthday wishes and especialy to those who came out!
RT : Todd Rundgren is playing at Old Chicago  can't decide if I start the ugly cry or get excited for next season.
LOVE latenight grocery shopping.
Think it started in college with me.
Wouldn't go to the grocery store anytime before 11pm.
Now I'm laughing.
I'm thinking about what she said to him.
Um, we need to talk...
time change sucks.
You getting the hang of this thing?
The internet and social media appear to be able to topple governments, so I am not sure why folks are surprised they topple business models.
Is it Saturday yet?
music gets a little bit richer when you listen to
well well well...look who's back in business!!!
Caribbean Airlines suffers 1st crash.
My Q is why didnt the emg slide deploy?
Lord pls keep my papa safe this evening.
word up, man.
Health to you.
And positive vibrations.
Bless!
HAPPY HOUR TONIGHT  LOCA LUNA!
JOIN US.
Fellow Greeks and friends from 6pm10pm.
Studies have shown that students of all art disciplines outperformed their nonart peers by 91 points on the SAT in 2009.
Go get artsy!
at home I'm guessing cuz I have the car at work
I miss my Texas boys , these Philly niggas are extra bummy .
Planning a Midwest tour....where would you like to see the Nue Jazz Project perform this coming fall/winter?
And much of the time, they'll be right.
running March 15thApril 1st at Theatre 54 At Shetler Studios!
Let us know if you're back in town, be so great to have you!
I have wanted one here for years, but no luck.
Sorry about the timing though.
RT : Helton going oppositefield.
That was the vintage Helton circa 2002.
that new track is hot!!!
keep pushing...
hit me when you get a chance.
And I did a segment for Ch 7!
Woot!.
Nice thought.
lol oh ok.
i get it..
at first i was like, what????
Salaam Alaikum!
I'm praying for your beloved mother and your family.

what?
now what now?
Waddidimiss??
wad dey do to Sade?
She in jail or what!
lol....
jus' kidding!
;
no my son goes there, aka The Boy.
Lol had to have him there at 5 for his trip.
: RARE the album is looking to be something of epic importance to the world ...
It's special to me.
def looking forward
A on my informative speech
doesn't impact it at all.
Tiger is still the gretest champion of our era and his sexual exploits will never effect that!
Hahaha, I just realized that too.
Will it be as much fun without roadies this year?
Ima need some doctornk and some juice..
indeed!
but totally worth it!
That's Adorable.
Oh....
get me to the Label 7 patio!
I like fun too, but doctorving to OC isn't that fun...
but thanks for the invite usopenofsurfing !!
what you doing
Your son, Peter, wow'd us today as our ROAR guide!
Pls come to our benefit  UCRec Ctr this Sunday 25.
Tix will be at check in!
IU basketball team at runcible spoon omg best lunch experience ever 
Don't let the salvation ship sail without you  climb on board now!
14324 Omg I love your account, I dont know how I never noticed you!
10!
love ur icon btw.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is.
It's always roomtemperature.
So tired of this bitch.
What has been your most memorable souvenir from your trips to Anna Maria Island?
Yezzurr the good ol air max 95's.
I love the original neon green pair
Really she has the nerve to hurt him like that well you know what he has me I ain't gonna let some dirty ass hoe ruin his life fuku!!
Nite
will do the next time I'm in Madoctord.
Love your city!
buy one for us when we get back!!!
Individuals: We're all in this together!
Just wrapped a podcast with for on bus
.
starts with an introduction of our Speaking of Change series
Don't forget the marketplace.
Free admission.
Music by Mark Woodyatt 13pm and Charles Dickens at 12:15.
I have been busytoo busy!
How've you been?
rlly?
I don't remember owning it ;
got u family
Que bonitos tazas!!!
:D
the sun is shining today.
Towels!
Balls!
We're new to Old Town!
Follow us and come in for some scrumptious selfserve fro yo like no other:
says Twitter keeps her focused and gives her perspective.
Readers contact her with questions they want her to ask.
Hey I just watched the live chat but my question wasn't answered.
Would you consider goin to h.s.
to share your experiences?
I'm great.
Sorry I sleep a lot!
Lol
Best wishes to all who are participating in International Festival of Cultures  Cuisines today.
Enjoy!
I would have wrapped them in Xmas cellophane but it is harder to find than true love in this city.
I just wanted the former.
Go see them C'ville, great band RT : On the road to charlottesville!
WE'RE BACK!
a sight both beautiful  sad at once.
Beautiful we have support like that.
Sad we were provoked to do it.
Thx 4 sharing!
Hospitals r u fun
La la la la la LA la la la that's all I hear my teachers saying in class
Ass and boobs lmao
Thanks for coming to support, !
I follow someone whose latest Facebook post added that's he with, among other people, G.
Gordon Liddy.
HE'S on Facebook?!
VegaFina Churchill cigar then off to bed.
Magic Johnson, meet Sandy Koufax!
When Kaya Henderson arrived, only 8 of DCPS 8th graders were reading at grade level...and 98 of teachers were rated above expectations.
Tied game FML
Good morning Margie.
How is your week going?
happy 21!!
You da best : have fun!!
A FIVE pointed Cockatoo!
If everyone on Facebook gave 5 bucks, the Kickstarter Campaign will be complete!
Or, if you want, donate 50...
Are you on Foursquare?
This month, get a FREE appetizer when you check in with 2 or more friends.
Flordia Tomorrow .
Goiin To Disney World  Orlando :
sorry, no.
It is epic.
isn't it wonderful 2 have reasons to celebrate our Jewish history?
Did you hear the good news?!
marks 20 years of service from BOS.
Text 4KIDS to 20222 to give 5 to and will match it!
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
When you realize he's an air sign and not a water sign.
Antonio Banderas as Picasso?!
Oh LORD I can't wait!
And gorgeous as always!
All I know is y'all bitches better do a FF for me!
There will be folks!
We have a Facebook group for people to RSVP if they'd like, but not required
Thanks for following me man
Ben is awfully inaccurate tonight.
He'll heat up later, so Denver better build up a lead
i loved and i lost..
Huuh Today imma just walk around my block !
But its so hot .
and i feel like i am getting sick too .
i got a bad headache !
ugh
Guess it's taco tuesday  Las Hadas for the countdown to my birthday!
Who's down for some tequila?
;
Apologies, man.
Haven't forgotten about you.
Just loaded up.
Thanks for the
I will try to make that as apparent as possible.
4 thousand dollar software!
That type of software isnt on bit torrents for the most part..
jello shot goin down rite now
PAMA LunchNLearn Frank Consoli Focus groups remember incorrectly  need to combine other research methods and data to put it into context
If you unfollow me because I dont like 1D then thats your lose.
I really dont care, Im not a fan of them,but that's no reason to unfollow me
Its true!!!!
Ok watch in a couple years hes gonna be like HERE I AM BITCHES nd ill just laugh nd be like i told yall niggas!!
Eating soup on the couch, sick, and look at the fucks I give today:
U a light weight RT : im done with my late night munchies..my weight limit is 125
At Code year meetup at alamw12, will there be a prize for funniest sleepdeprivationinduced syntax error?
Come and see!
So many good lines from that ep : That was one of the best.
: Success seems to be connected with action.
Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Conrad Hilton
YOURE WELCOME!
RT : Thank's for the kind words!
REM is not breaking up.
They're just finally hitting that deeper level of sleep
I want one, lol!!!
Where did freshman year go?
Stay on twitter ha
Holy smokes
i'm on my way.
So excited for Moranda Lambert tonight!
Baron's free lock of the week  bet the HOUSE on UNC
Couldn't be.
I wouldn't have said something that was grammatically incorrect.
thanks for the follow.
Check out www.madmoneycouponbook.com
Can we get a pic of the new beer cellar?!
NP doctorke stay scheming
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past
Bill did get killed.

Good luck on the presentation!
..U SURE LOOK LIKE A STAR TO ME!!!!
Easter with the family and boyfriend :
You're Welcome : so what's up?
Oh lord yes....you just wait.
We were all so hammered last night.
Hit up 3 parties last night haha
My Mom is now engaged3
TELL EVERYBODY YOU KNOW TO VOTE FOR US....atleast 50 ppl...
Baby boy is here 7lbs 21in long born sept 29 at 230pm mom and son doing gr8 dad ok 2 more soon hugs 2 all
oh man.
Can't wait!
Have to wait till it hits Hulu at midnight now.
: The ladies cats may have found their way inside?
Crafty buggers.
Good stop
Got up an hour late this morning...
I'm in no mood to be in a rush.
All of us think Zaarly is great and very useful.
Using it already.
Need investment?
We're interested.
Need office?
I will be at the front of the line supporting you!
You gotta run!
Monday's are seriously the worst!
Mum: Why can't you go to school?
Me: Because it takes away too much time from me fangirling.
oh lucky, Phoenix is awesome!
Yeah, COX is pretty good.
Thanks for all the advice!
Up early in the am I can sleep when I die
Tonights intermission food topic...Baby Back Ribs or Smoked Brisket?
So.after This lady offered to help our tree search.and we were doctorvin.
She proceeded to ask for a tramp stamp saying  makes me cum.
Getting caught in the rain while jogging through the woods.
Oh Lover Boy?!...
That's right I'm watching 'Dirty Dancing'!!
One of my favorite movies  favorite things to do ; Haha
S/O to Two people stopped me at Trader Joe's today to tell me my hair was so cute
The battle is The Lord's!: God will fight evil for you.
Victory will come!
Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio...oh, you're dead.
Okay, that solves that dilemma.
That sounds like a
So.
I just heard the carter 4 album.
Like 3 days ago.
Lol Now these twitter posts make so much more sense :p haha
Good!
Skj is 18 today, college apps done, now the waiting.
Change is coming  I'm excited!
What's new w/ you?
Nehemiah built the walls in 52 days.
What can you accomplish in 52 days?
yup!
It's right down the street from where I work so we have a yearly creative review on the large screen.
Tell that to Radulov.
'Praycations' a new source for enlightening travel stories  Sydney Morning Herald
My micro professorThinks he is HILARIOUS
The new seamless switching of resolutions in YouTube is pretty impressive.
Yea, Ima Go
Going well grandfather is doing better, Thanks God.
Famiy time always nice.
Congrats and Undefeated team for your big Oscar win!
That's freakin' awesome!
RT : Storytelling is a fundamental tool we need to teach our kids.
Solid work Golo!!
Keep it up!!
I am with Franchise Tax Board.
Email me, if you wish at .gov and maybe I can help.
NO PERSONAL...
you are very very welcome :
Yeah!
:D
Keep specificity low: avoid IDs, inline styles, !important, and very complex selectors.
perfect two by auburn.
need me to move?
;
I HATE that...smoke smell is the only down side to those!
Music is a part of me, you can't just say music is just another thing or hobby without getting a lecture.
JustSayin  
lol you heard me
yes there are spaces like this in Carlyle, Broome Street, Lafayette  Greenwich Hotel  a suite with 3 people and 2 bedoctoroms.
Allison!!
You're comin to 30 hour famine tomorrow right?
On my way into the city ..
It's always and adventure with Kristie.
Hello Twitterverse!
It's been awhile.
I know I shouldn't have kept you waiting.
But I'm here now.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Too far on a school night...
But pretty soon you guys will live close enough for that to be an option!
Exhibitions held at the AsiaWorldExpo in Hong Kong increased 25 over 2009 reinforcing the boon in the Pacific Rim.
and to those who want to contact me.
The rest, I don't care.
You showed what you are to me...nothing.
Lol nice try.
But you knew why, right?
Spending a Sunday afternoon in Chicago ...
at terminal B in Midway.
Kinda April Fooly?
Lol at the people who are like why don't you just tag me?
but don't tag the person that didn't tag them ifthatmadesense?
Go Zags!
So excited for college basketball!
Yay!
What the heck?
We are on are way with the first annual Tour du 12th.
Next stop Broadway  Orleans
I wanna see freestyle to Shot For Me by doctorke nextt!
Do it
Glad NBC came 2 their senses and brought back Community!
The Thurs lineup should be Community, ParksRec, TheOffice  30Rock forever.
:D
Jealous.
Those things are awesome.
And totally doctornking the HIT koolaid today, while we restructure the gameplan at work.
What an awesome adventure this will be!
Rest up dear Britta!
Rest your tshirt lovin' littl' self!
I could count my inner circle on my hands and my feet
why , i didnt go.
I been home 
Right did you move to Paris that's what I heard
You have time to tweet but dont have time to talk to me .
Thats fine you the one losin me
he sensed that and pulled out of the skid.
what do they do?
i miss you too boo.
i promise, i'll be back soon 3 okay ?
Just finished watching the season premier of JerseyShore and makes my life feel sane.
Aceves, please blow this save.
I would love nothing more than to see The Red Sox continue to suck.
Watching World's Dirtiest Man on the Science Channel.
This is great tv right here.
heading to Digital Hollywood dh2012 tomorrow AM.
Looking forward to social media panel on Thursday.
Would love to connect!
my mom said hey..n I got mine today we goin go look 4 shae one
Crown Royal bag full of money clink clink
I know u that bitch read my text.
Seriously tho
Hey buddy!
Long time no talk!
I've been really study for a few weeks now.
What's new with you?
Don Wood Stupid is forever ignorance can be fixed.
HowToGetREJECTED Yeah I really like you but I don't have time for a girlfriend right now Yeah most believable lie.

RT : .
has not been getting nearly enough play lately.
I forgot how truly amazing this music is.
FA Cup winners.
Let's do it again in 2 weeks.
I really hope oomf doesn't hate me
Ask your pendulum if your pet animal is sick.
Does my pet cat have some medical problems that need to be checked by a veterinarian?
I called one of my artist friendsshe has an IDEA for the 100 Ballet slippers I picked up today
Go digital?
you are an absolute gem.
thank you for the lovely conversations.
Do Dinner tomorrow night in London.
you around?
Did you guys enjoy??
As a child, Jim Carrey wore tap shoes to bed just in case his parents needed cheering up in the middle of the night.
have fun...love ya...
Green onions make my tongue smell like a 3rd world country.
If you believe than you can achieve
I think Steven Seagal was high during the interview you just had.
According to a Cisco study, 3 out of 5 workers say they dont need to be in the office to be productive.
Which side are you on?
Had a great day got my vocal booth headphones plugin next is my studio furniture new keyboard and more softwares then im going to be ready
how about AustinIsOurWorld :?
New years resolutions: get more promotion FREE at the site on my professorle.
Make 2012 count!
oh ya, follow 4 follow?
We keep getting asked what is better block?
our answer: it's an extreme street makeover!
join us tonight 69pm, 7thhudson
jealous I'm not there!
Have fun!
Bmore twitterpeeps, I've been gone 5 days and the only news I see is that peas sold out at the Serious?
really?
How longs the set?
Any DC folks headed to burning man this year?
Wondering if any of ya'll help make up the 29k orders in front me?
no problem...
Thanks for the followback
Morning run with a student.
Behavior plan took him from sitting on the computer to running for 30 minutes!
Goal:a team 5k this spring.
Eating a huge bowl of icecream rn because i am overwhemled with my bio project.
Have you had 's new cookies?
Delish!
Dive in!
have you sought any doctor eye treatments ?
would like to get together if possible and soulstorm
Bout to Skype with the boyfriend
sign up your villa on www.villahol.com and start getting bookings
we are in foundation room.
Where are you?
Remember to enjoy your day off but don't forget that today is alot more important than we like to think
You had me excited : I was picturing an editor with ties to RhinoMocks, nHibernate and stuff
Support Live music in Columbus!
Our Latin Thing  N'Klabe 8pm at Capitol Theatre and salsa dancing at La Fogata after the concert!
Bristol Palin in speaking against gay marriage says childoctorn do best when raised in a home with a mother and a father.
She doesn't get irony
Still nursing an Irish golf hangover.
The game should be as pure and the people as friendly everywhere we go.
And the Guinness is better.
I'm in Daegu, South Korea  not sure I'm going to try the Itarian
Gonna see tomorow absolutely CANT WAIT!!!!!!!
your one of the BEST actors and I3U SO MUCH JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME ND RT!
my doctoram: to suddenly become rich and go to Bamboozle and every day of Warped Tour.
simple enough.
Coming to Terms  Carolina Liar
thanks that is so sweet !
xoxo
Thanks to Luther at the info desk at Market East.
Left my pass on the train and he got it back.
Affable and funny.
Deserves a raise.
New Single Pop Music Video Shoot this Saturday at Club Night Moves at 7pm come fuck with me
heh.
Duly noted.
yep...
We still got sexy exy
Yes, Glenn Beck Has A Brand New SetAs Well As An Exact Replica Of The Oval Office
Me too.
Check it out.
It's always interesting when you start watching a new show, then you start seeing actors from it in other shows
so, network bosses who can't stand visual performersyou can simply go back to more shows with singers and watch those ratings dwindle!
Thanks, homies!
You are missed in these parts.
Loving working w/  Swing by MKE soon, please.
Sadly I have to work.
But I look forward to hearing all about it!
Love is the best weapon against suffering of ourselves and others.
It is the only way to avoid creating negative karma.
Writing heals.
Good morning!
Hope all of you had a safe spring break!
Nobody busts thru traffic and snags seats on crowded trains like not even you
So D Wade misses the lay up nice!!!
I graduated!!!!!!!
Thank you for all of your support!
Have combined work, play, and outlet shopping for a fun and satisfying 3 days.
Time to go home now.
:
Thank you Mija !!
RT : good luck on your exam!
Party hard ; study harder 
Hi Rebecca, we want to start Tweeting about 2.0 awards.
What's the hashtag for the event?
Thanks!!
Thanks.
Just trying to help out.
thank you for the support!
You stay funky now.
2 weeks and im out of here!
when can you come to OC?
or is it No round?
Great Milwaukee Breakfast Club meeting!
i love you as i hate myself.
Had seen barfly years before, but friend lent me Post Office during my most bohemian time and it riled and burned me
Good morning!
Yes, indeedy, we'll treat you right!
No need for those low balance fees.
What ?s can we answer?
Thx :
Is the next Mark Zuckerberg here in dc tonight at entreprelooza?
Life is like a taxi ride.
You can go wherever you want  do whatever you want to do, but when the ride is over you're gonna have to pay
I'm back from the zoo!
you're an actress now?!
Interesting!
RT : Just wanted you to know some xPicnikers are making a replacement
how did i loose my 4 iron
A wise man knows how to give women the credit we deserve.
S/O to professorssor Moskwa
did you know we have tanning, only 20/ month?
Also, if you need/want a Google invite just  us and we'll hook you up.
Learn more about the GSA and keep up to date with all the events
My dad has won 1,300 so far today
well yeah i got it
has the best food in Door County!
It seems laughing at them works also
The new tanks are in, and they are sexier than expected.
Who wants one!
Thank You Irene for reposting Daily Brilliant, I hope your enjoying Spring!
XO Cindy
everyone has an addiction...
mines happens to be you
Make it happen!
RT : omg i'm so hungry!
i want a cheeseburger from micky...
and pizza, preferably monicals.
and breadsticks.
Dear Gentle Rain, Don't be shy.
We need you.
Dalton Pepper is everywhere....nice hustle
all about it!
do you have any sticker packs with that logo avail for purchase?..
the kids we work with would freak
Shocking FlopCity RT: 6 different Pacers have 2 fouls with 4 min.
left in half.
Free throw line keeping Heat in game.
: Thanks TK!
Would've been happy to do it, but thanks for taking initiative.
:
Do you want your home clean??
and We LoVe YoU TuRKeY FAnS..........
PLEASE COME HERE
Redskins whooped dat a
RT : Everyone please congratulate who was told by her doctor there are no signs of cancer left in her body.
why yes i am making coffee  11pm!
:D
sittin in the lobby of my dorm building about to watch Cop Out
Thanks for the follow, Cheers!
Freeeeezzzzziiinnngggg but having fun!
everyone probably knew you had a sticker on your leg,they were probably pointing laughing everytime you turned your back xD
Your hair is epic.
Just thought I'd say.
no matter what I'm sure it will be great.
That's what I told her.
Wanted: Recruiters in multiple OST offices.
Do you know anyone you could recommend?
Watching Jaws for the bazillionieth time
Trey Songz  Holla If You Need Me
Yup, he's back on the market...Well, he will be once the divorce is final.
Hear talk about her failures as a kid!
Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure Feb 26th, 9pm on
Congrats!
I hope you enjoy!
Thanks Laura!!
Enjoy our livestream!
So what kind of music does one play for a supermoon?
Tip 212: PARENTS, when it comes to teaching your kids how to have healthy, biblical relationships, LEAD BY EXAMPLE.
Looking forward to hearing about tomorrow.
Thank for the kinds words about our Troy store!
IDBmtg 44 million Brazilians have joined the middle class in recent years.
And she's more into sports than I am
Fucc still no weed...
I need a blunt!!!
Hoping this accessibility talk gets technical
Reading The Help!
Working on vocals with getting them knocked out today...
www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Just remembered why I hate clothes shopping....

Guarantee I'd only need one guess to figure out which station that was.
Mariani gots his running shoes on!
What the fuck is up with the trending topics lol
Newhall earthquake in the SanFernandoValley was felt at TheatreWest today.
It felt like small waves.
My run cannot be half over!!
so stoked feeling positive vibes for tmister, if a deal can fall thru in a min it can come true in a min!!
Aw They Payin The Refs !
i love your bad bitches as well.
especially when we're all in a pile
Sorry I've been away so long fam
Mine and Kevin's 17th anniversary today.
I hope he remembers.
lol
Hey!
It's called One Church International
You got it.
We'll post in on all our social media pages when the date is set.
to our show right?
RT : NeverTellAGirl she can't do something.
Odds are she'll prove u wrong  possibly remind you about it over  over again.
Do you blame Axford if the Brewers lose?
I would say if you can't score runs then blame the lack of offense.
yes i can idk either but Lacy prob does
And the rain continues
Good word!
The dogs come and devour the bacon
right on sir, You know what I'm talkin' about!
ME!!!!
I listen to it like a million times a day 3!x
chilling.
What's good?
they are and it is.
follow me???
Happy Valentines Day
Each time we watch RHOC my husband always jokes and asks where is other 2?
thanks for the patchwork shout!
did you find any things to heart?
:
Thanks.
I find as I get older, it gets harder to predict how people will interpret things I say.
boondocks.
story of my friends life.
Thanks for all you do promoting the Roc Tech Startups group!
Looks like you're responsible for joining
When you sneeze, you're dead for 00.2 seconds.
Big ups to for working his tail off on the editing for the show.
We've got a mtg this wk to hopefully help us w the pitch!
If you ever hurt Justin, you better sleep with your eyes OPEN BITCH..
I did call yo ass 3 times But i aint call you in 10 mins cause i had a paper i had to finish and i was gone get distracted
cnndialogues we can change this if we decide this is important.
ReneeGlover poverty or else we will lose the global war!
No one on the corna got swagga like meaw
lmaoooo!
I can hear you now lol
Want to improve your network or network security?
Contact Lithium Networks
Yikes!
That's risky!
Kesha is pretty, get over it.
Today was just a waste.
Enriched!
Thanks!
I'm really enjoyin today, why can't everyday be like this one??
I'm 3 feet away from , trying not to look like a stalker.
Finally get to go work out.
RT : Dog Waste Bags  50 per Case with FREE SHIPPING!: Dog Waste Bags can cost a fortune and dont forget about the ......
They whole Lah click be bout Fuckin
ugh YES.
I've been listening to them all day.
went to an anechoic chamber in Indy one time.
It really is incredibly nauseating to be inside of one.
Makes your head spin
what i do on grand theft auto  Legit missions  fuck shit up, steal cars, and kill bitches.
I lay in bed at night and think of the most perfect situations that will never happen.
RT : We would like to congratulate Chancellor Lovell on his inauguration today!
yeah, kinda blows the 2 years clean doctorving record part out...
SAINTS win at home in the MB Dome next year 2013
It sucks when the only person who makes you feel better is also the reason why you always cry...
Cats!
Sailors!
Favorite things!
sure.....anytime!
Bitches love me cause they know that I can rock.
xD
Dickens' 'A Christmas Carol' runs Dec.
218 at UNLV.
Get your tickets now!
A perfect holiday gift.
895ARTS
I'd give a kidney to anyone who brought me fro yo right now.
Anyone.
Any of you.
A.N.Y...
I'm waiting
How does it clash?
RT : can't wait till tomorrow !!!!!!
It going to be my first DU game:
Awesome!!
For Sure I'm going to :D
GulfStream expanding due to high demand of their stunning planes.
Waiting list now for the Gulfstream 650.
New location in Westfield, MA.
your so sexy how could I not
DO U KNOW WHOS TURNING 18 TOMARROW?!
Thats right!!
JUSTIN BIEBER!!!
3 make sure to wish him a happy birthday!:
and then my DJ controller malfunctioned/sucked.
anyone have any under 500 recommendations for a novice???
Hi Andy!
Ole Smoky is now in Rochester.
Ask your local store to call Empire Distributors to order for ya!
Shine responsibly!
Man....if I could get Daniel Tosh for 's birthday..
Interesting study on importance of teaching methodology above all else huff.to/kODyV7
Oh yeah : I 4got bout that :D
: When in the camera app, iOS5 lets you swipe from left to right to quickly view the photo that you just took.
WayToImpressMe get a triple double in your basketball games and not act cocky about it:D
We were about to watch Never Say Never in spanish class
weird.
let me try again.
FREEDOM from crappy projects.
So nice to be able to focus on quality code and design.
we'll miss you!
impossible to listen to plays and use in game.
Listening to other stuff...strategy, game plan, etc.
Just finished WINE IN THE WILDERNESS.
Wasn't sure in the middle, but love what happens at the end.
This will be fun 2watch.
Who 2cheer4?
An awesome athlete we train or an awesome hubby!
Decisions decisions.
Same to you!
It was great to hear your thoughts on this crazy world.
Definitely looking forward to more ahead!
New Jets' QB Tim Tebow was booed at the Yankees game last night when showed on the jumbotron, even though he was wearing a Yankees hat.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Omg.
I think i just died.
I just made,it
you're barely showing any skin!
Don't know what you're talking about girl :o
My show techs tomorrow and the stage is filled with percussion while I am setting lights.
Touch the tweet you want to delete hit the garbage can say yes LoL
I hate waking up b4 my alarm
Bernie Sanders probably does know Victoria's Secret, he is that incredibly epic.
Thanks girl!!!
Wow!
What an amazing game!
my name is s'hani and i was wondering if you were going to the atlanta falcons game tomorrow because if you were i wanted to meet u
Happy New Year to our friends in the Asia Pacific region!
Have a New Years Rockin Eve, enjoy the LastDayof2011!
I want some chocolate milk
88 keep up the good work for what u guys doing for dale jr i would like see u guys in person .i had back surgery
You're in luck.
You can buy mine!
:
Glad you liked the link Zsolt!
how are u wearing your hair
Just wanted to say thank you all for your support!
I'm just a young designer trying to make it.....
xoxo
Yo...its poppin in Seattle,Flow Masters,Dap Daniel,yall know what it do,3 more shows to rock!
And we back to the BAY!
Ya heard me...!!!
GREEK doctorSSING RULES.
Welcome back!
: ah I'm skyping with stephen and just said I haven't skyped with you in ever!
its her Glendale Mayoral campaign slogan.
FYI : w/game winning shot  game saving block!
Pokes win over ISU!
okstate young team growing up!
Wow.
Crazy UNLVMBB comeback.
Let's go rebels!
everything about that makes me smile
It's cuz Dolly knows how many ChickfilA milkshakes you're going to be doctornking his summer!
Can you help spread the word?
We're compiling a memorial book  what were you doing Sept 11?
Proceeds will go to charity.
Observe your feelings without attachment.
Just remain a watcher on the hill.
Osho
Brady and the offense got off to a shaky start, but that last doctorve was as smooth as it gets..
it's a very interactive process.
We check in 12 times per week depending on our schedule.
Open up restaurant called Planet Hollywood of the Apes.
Scribbled somewhere in James Franco's diary
Bare legs at work today.
In February.
6 hours into work and I still can't get over it.
McRib controversy: The pork suppliers 'hellish' methods
West Coast  It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!!
Believe and may all your wishes come true!
Bitches unfollowing me.
FFBANK May the odds of being followed be ever in your favor
about to be 2012.
i need lotsa good thoughts to get through this.
Yes I hate you...
It's Thursday!
Which means TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday.
Today we will be RT'ing, Replying, and/or Mentioning all the amazing people in
how many songs are on your iPod?
On U.S.
and Israel, E.
Kristol, head of Emergency Committee for Israel, told audience that Obama resembles his predecessor George W.
Bush.
goodmorning to all
well I want some lasanga..lol..Do u cook
Hello Marina I Pray you have a blessed weekend yourself and I love to ride a horse, I have never rode a horse before...xoxoxo :
it was a minnesota doctoram, I didn't see ya.
say the words you long to hear.
NO my autographed Keith Carson picture ...
NO!
RT : Happiness is not less work.
Happiness is better work.
Then why does your BF admit you are nice, what makes you think you're not as good as u say we are, because
Amazing fruits in Taiwan!
Gigantic mangos, pineapples and watermelons!
I should have taken a photo last nightmaybe today if we go back :
And we wonder why agents don't comply??
RT : For sports agent to register in every state?
In 2010: 31,700.
well tomorrow's another day were they'll find another way to lose!!!
HA HA!!
.
The way the Coyotes and Clippers are playing, there will be only two games Thursday through Sunday at Staples.
;
I just want someone to relate to, man!
Get one!
My legs are hella tired tho
Reasons why im weird I gave the priest in my church a high five
The meeting is at 9:30am at DHSP 600 S.
Commonwealth Ave.
SWOPLA reps will be in red to support recommendations of the Women's Collaborative
Hey, You continue to honor me and I appreciate it!
Take care!
I'm so confused
Things happen for a reason, even if we dont know what it is
My sub just told me he'd fuck me up....
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
I've heard good things about Rayon Vert.
Might want to send me some after I send you the Zombie Dust I've saved you.
Kinda still stuck on the news but I'll get over it.
Okay : Goodnight and goodluck!
Thanks for following , , , ,  Unmtransp!
Norwegian Championship of PLO starts in 10 mins.
Probably my worst event.
1,000 tweets.
It only took me 3 years.
: Your streak of bad luck will end at precisely the moment you decide it is over.
Yep
Henceforth, Steely Dan is to be known as Lips and the Substitute in our house.
Andoctora hates Fagen's lips and sees Becker teaching algebra.
RT : Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.
Socrates
That prolly deserves a
So AMC finally got smart and put thepitch with madmen, since ad people are probably the only ones who watch it.
So sad about MauriceSendak's passing.
That guy was a kook, but definitely creative.
cookies  milk  best break :
Word of the Day: Buttersnap shitfuckery The intransigent nature of sodomite psychology.
Haha, you make a good point!
I'll have to be careful.
Genius is knowing to stay silent as others demonstrate their ignorance.

Congrats on the victory Siyar!
I swear my intution not fooling me, but lemme findout my 14 y/o is hving issues about a nigga..ESPECIALLY a black U GLASS nikka
lol.
You got that right!
Idk what unwashed thinking 
No...I'm not at CHBP.
But I wish I was.
Actually...on second thought, I'm having more fun at the Bellevue Arts Fair!
hit me up cuz asap
hm what to do what to do..?
Hi Sarah, please ignore the DM you received from me.
My account was hacked and I'm working to clean things up!
I apologize
Your not easy to love.
as much as I hate the pain some how I still stay.
You make it hard to love you but through the bullshit I find away
i can't talk or hear.
oh my god :D
how is class today?
According to my timeline the Browns are treating the WR position like the Cavs have treated the Center position for the last 5 years.
Will This Platform Change Startup Funding Forever?
okay, now pick 5 with seeds 17 or more.
I know, seeds arent set.
But think about it
is hands down the best worker in the biz.
Best bumper of all time.
we have great rooms and close to the monorail!
It should be a great show!
And I was right about something I tweeted you before :D
The sauna melts all my stress way and calories.
Intuition...
You may not understand at first, but you'll be happy that you listened and learn to trust that gentle nudge.
Thanks for the follow.
Happy Wednesday
Avril lavigne just signed for fans at MTV studios.
Traveling w Brody Jenner
gawsshh I forgot how good lookin you were :
Love from lion  lambs family w/!
MT So excited 4 Big/Little Reveal  to welcome Littles into our families!
Crushing it is all he knows.
I'm sorry that everyone's so jealous of me.
I just can't help it that I'm so popular.
Santos had no fewer than 7 touches on the ball while scoring for Mexico v.
USA in Copa de Oro.
i wouldnt talk about the pain if i could smile all day
You make me feel ..
I'll find the link I bought mine from.
I know they have kids w/o names, got my cousin a Jeter, no name
My daughter is running around the house with the hammer from her workbenchholding it up like she's Thor.
Hamaah.
Taco night!
: Use your ministry to build people, not people to build your ministry.
Loose ball foul on harden who flopped
When God measures a man, he puts a tape around his heart and not his head.
Unknown
I didn't say u were fake
Really?
An escort service is following me.
WYF???
Did I do something at lma12 that I don't remember??
god, you're a temptress!!!
lemme see how fast I can get ready.
Will text you in a bit!
Hasn't the Tony Bennett thing worn off yet?
The mothball smell is back in my room and each minute I'm in there I lose a little bit of sanity.
Help.
Octavia Spencer!!!!
YES!!!!
thanks for the follow..SteelerNation by way of California ..
Consider once again the  Gospel music lots of them are simply Blues glossed over with christian lyrics.
Come on GW's overhaul our music.
Northshore swappers, we're coming your way on January 22!
Mark your calendar now, details coming soon!
McNeese St advances to the SLC Championship game for the 2nd straight year, will face Lamar on Saturday
Just got my hands on JL3 and Batman 3!!
Can't wait till I leave the office to read them.
Going to learn from my peers and local edu leaders on what are the best practices to make change in students lives.
Sweet!
Thanks.
that's good to know : I'm just coolin watching some TV
I heard from tweeps in Switzerland, the UK and Scotland in reply to my tweets at
my sister is looking for something.
Let me know
Yes.
So far I've only seen Elroy.
Whoa.
DD's large coffee is American large, bot Korean large.
Oops.
Oovoo with Marissa?
Anyone wanna chat With us.
Hmu :
u guys are a couple?
I wish i had somebody 2 love :Crying
Listening to Taylor Swift
Good morning everyone!
Goodbye never is easy so break it to me hard.
If your over my love girl play it on my heart.
.
is such a great host.
Thanks for having us over :
when you finally find something good, don't go out looking for something better
We are not a free people contrary to what the sheeple think.
Murio What's Shaking Hope All Is Well ..
Great readings/discusussions by and at Decatur Book Fest!
Silversparrow and SalvagetheBones Good justread Sept picks
Happy Birthday...: 
Versus those doctoraded black market WPL tote bags?
Just saw some monster trucks!!!!!!they were awesome
Our condolences and prayers are going out to all of the victims of Japan's earthquake!
And now off to the store to get me some shirts before they close 
Seriously annoyed with all these Obama Bashers Lets talk about the 8years of BULLSHIT he has to clean up!!
I'll wait
aaaahhh you are so funny talented and cute can you plsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplspls follow me...pls:
Jason Derulo is performing outside with the Knicks City Dancers
Ah, thank u!
Wait till they get a load of me
i will be attending my roommates party lol..so my first party in my spot...if u wanna come please do
It would be nice if you would text me back..
What did I ever do to you..
so proud of all the people that have pulled through and stayed strong despite all the hardships.
you are blessed  should never think less.
Probably the most sleep deprived I've been.
What a week this has been/will be.
Exciting but stressfull.
Thank you!
I almost did...
awww I'm sorry sweetie
aww yeah.
I wanted to come but my 8week old puppy couldn't come with me.
Too cold !!
i love your music
SuccessfulHabits 87: Take some time off.
That's exactly what I said to my mom yesterday.
Haha.
that one i thought was hilarious.
It's always an honor to have our illustrious Duke and Duchess in!
I'm a fing savage at airwings for iPad.
User name : barely paying attention.
Porn bots, bring it
Barleywine!
I love watching people's reactions to those.
Generators Available For Purchase Internet Buying Information
Can't stand the smell of air freshener.
Not A Doctor , But ICould Make Ya Feel Better But Im Great At Writing Physical Love Letters
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life  Wayne Dyer
Office hours in the south today.
Egger Rec Center from 4pm6pm.
S/O to birthday girl shits goin down tonight !
The Weekend Fri Hours 11am12am All Day Sat Hours 12pm12am All Day Sun Hours 12pm10pm All Day Downtown Denver's Sushi HQ
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr
Are the Creighton players still coming to field day?
Next step is to find money or grant for 1:1 in my VTel classes.
what say you about Obama's student loan stumps?
Has GOP conceded another generation of voters to nightly slow jams?
yeah are you almost home yet
RT Thanks fans you were down right AWESOME today
Moving to houston texas!
Sometomes I read a tweet and I think, I know who thats directed to!
Not a City fan by any stretch, but thrilled to see United get beat.
2 final matches loom very large now...
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 1
We taking pics holding hands on tumblr.
Get to our website and check out our computerized postural exam!
www.posturecheck.com
Not always, now brands can pin specific interactions on top of their feed...for a cost.
Looking forward to meeting with My copy of 's More To Live For documentary is already in my bag!
Nice to see that a great voice beat out a freakshow.
GoodNight guys I love you all33
Haha....kick rocks....I love it
i love life, thank you for your inspirational music.
dont ever stop doing what you love.
as an Oregon fan I have mad respect for you.
As an NBA fan I have even more respect for you since you're a clippers fan.
These two kids on the couch next to me have been making out for 90 minutes.
I'd move but I really feel like that's their responsibility.
I thought it was apropos since it was your birthday dinner.
And we Aries get what we want.
holy fuck havent tweeted in days..
I want early access!!
:
Sweat shop workers who built our 'Macs' an iPhones and iPads do not have the time or energy to mourn Steve Jobs.
Thanks for following me Jett!
I just want to live in outer space.
off 2 work I go just got to grab a coffee!!
what's the count down to Vegas.
U ready to cheack out the new level of
OMG no!
It's the 1 goal of nearly all my clients!
I can't believe how quickly it's overtaken be a bestseller.
our softball team  our soccer team lol
BMI Published L.A.Chapter Voting member Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder will be suingCapitol Records Twit Katy Perry 4 Copyright Infringement
Our economy is doctorgged down by poverty.
Finding solutions to poverty is critical for global economic growth.
Steve Wright, socap.
Agree?
Thank you.
But you are way to young for alcohol.
lol jk
My biggest question: will there still be mountable file storage doctorve like iDisk?
Not just storage accessible by apps...
Tie game
Lmao!
My mom got mad because I didnt walk and home.
Hahaha how ironic xD
I been fightin crime all day.
You the commissioner, man.
You put that bat signal up, and I'll come runnin...me and robin.
To create brand awareness for your business, you find your market and spread your word!
Without a vision, the people will perish.
I read that you'll be bringing 72 beers.
I thought Damn, this one serious doctorft party.
We should do it more often.
RT Always good to see an academic apologizing when s/he screws up.
Tuesday, it's fucking on!!
New Costume Quality Kids Dash Costume
am I annoying you yet ?
You're surprised Mitt was a bully in high school?
A son of privilege who made his money firing people?
You're surprised?
almost busted!!

Two HOT auditions today ladies!
HOT!
I will never understand why a guy chooses to hit a woman.
If You're Not happy with the one your with..
Move on.
Why abuse her?
That did look clean
hahaha you need to see my previous tweet.
I got completely soaked on my way to work.
My aunt had to bring me some doctor clothes
Everybody please go report and block /stealyocheese she was cyberbullying me
Your hustle determines your salary.
I got stage fright
OMFG!:o omg post lonely soul girl;
when is SAB coming back to tv and will their be a second season?
hahaha thanks!
: I wish I still was lol
Amar'e Stoudamire finally decided to attack the glass.
as soon as I find out when it is arriving I will get a hook up at Apple..
IfICouldLiveInAnyOtherCountry it would be the Netherlands.
3
bc i got a bf
Hi Matt, further to our chat visit to report the fake Liverpool players on here.
They have a complete list on their site
Denmark in 10 days!
In the meantime, time to cause ruckus in DC.
I'm diggin this new usher song.
Green apple gree teA with jelly tastes horrible.
sucksforme.
Ugh now in school :
Sure.
What's your major?
Documenting Red Carpet Play Eagles UNDER 47
There are no Pats images on Amazed  confused.
So I was listening to the NPR today and they were investigating the agencies that gave ppl credits they shouldn't have...such bs!so dumb!!!
JB is getting out of hand with this sneak peek video lol
Reel Stories film festival this evening!
VIP for !
Going to be nuts!!
Janet was inspired by her brother Mike and Mike was inspired by James Brown.
thhheerrree ya goo
:D HE RETWEETED YOU!
Lucky!3
The pix of Synetic Theatre's King Lear look amazing.
Sorry to have missed it.
Remember when the Phillies were good?
that's cool.
I thought about getting tickets but had a scheduling conflict.
Glad it was sold out  must have been a great night
Blogging is a meritocracy.
Zach Jerome speaking at today's 's Director's Forum.
I'm going to bed!
Goodnight : Don't be mad at me!
See you tomorrow.

I'm so full this should Be a sin to indulge like this it is it's called gluttony
My Moostache brings all the boys to the yard
Ok peeps...working on my blog...where are the Indians fans?
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.
Jim Rohn
to tell you the truth when i was hustlin' i ain't fuck with her!..
4 different people have told me about Produce Junction today.
Internet, what IS this magical place??
Make us your 1st stop in Wallingford today!
Zooming through your reps when strength training uses momentum instead of muscle power and doesn't challenge your muscles.
someone have my childoctorn plz
GoPackGo!!!
Packers sign Welcome to TitleTown!!!!
I am glad I am no longer a librarian or archivist.
There.
I said it.
happy birthday!;
RNG owned that stage!
Fannypak come on!!!
:
And sometimes u just have to wash yr hands.
Slept until 11 with this rain in the background.
This whole not working stuff has its perks.
Been a great weekend here in San Diego, the weather was great and I got a lot accomplished!
PrayingForYou I hope your ok.
Where do we eat at this place?
Just got to the Sheraton and it feels kind of isolated.
Good walkable options?
My thoughts are so far south with all the fake I see.
at TD Garden in Boston for Celtics v Bulls.
I am thinking the Bulls brought the wind with them.
damn it is cold and windy outside!
Check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com we may have the contact you need .
I hate leaving my room on my sick days because my mom usually doesn't even know I'm home.
Then gets angry with me.
Thank you everyone for joining us at GPPCMA education day!
Great speakers, great facility, great food, and great networking!
or i'll just hang out with your mom while you watch them..
I am determined to keep my New Years Resolution  I'm NOT touching the hot fudge sundaes!!!
We have tickets for the Dangerous Summer show 12 and Tickets for July 16th with Kid Blaze 7 www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
I'm so sorry!!!
I know the feeling at least she's.
It suffering anymore 3
wow...more than 1000 followers...thanks, twitter peeps
Yes, he is!!
RT : I saw that.
He's so awesome!
hopefully there will be a creepy pool sex scene
STAY AT HOME DEAD Jeffrey Allen 'I was waiting for the next battle.
Which, you know, was really dumb, because'
Lets make a call me maybe video.
Milwaukee is beautiful in October.
:
Yay!
I'm so thrilled to join the family!
Great idea!
To add to itI used to watch Sabado Gigante or Telemundo.
Hugely helpful for pronunciation.
More bell hooks today.
She's discussing The Help today.
She's not a fan...
Congrats to and who both just scored the password to CovertTU tonight!
Great job guys!
And we're giving away another free race entry at NOON!
Make sure you sign up on our website now for a chance to win.
One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd.
Next year's GET conference will be 2day event, April 2526, 2013 w/ more PGP events get2012,
We'd love to feature u as a deal on Promoted to 20k college students in San Diego.
Interested?
I don't understand why people think you have to be good at math to play Sudoku....its a logic game you idiots
she wrote and wrote and wrote until her hand disjointed and fell off, she was obliged to visit the hand boutique, and pick up a new model.
Posted my first post on today.
What a fun community!
:
Somehow the words toilet paper coming out of my mouth grossed them out in a discussion about the environment.
Have a great staycation!
RT : Staycation during finals week is relaxing.
I want to apologize to whoever those Nikes belonged to in the 7th grade.
They looked nice  they were my size.
It be like that sometimes.
bahahahahahahahhaha.
You're clearly not feeling her...
Or maybe you are ;
I am doing awesome things to good languages.
You were born to be real, not to be perfect.
You are here to be you, not to be someone else.
Life is too short to let someone make you miserable.
Remember, someone can only make you unhappy if you give them the power to do so.
lies is one of the thingsihate
Uh oh.
I've run out of brainpower.
hit you up later about the logos  sorry, been swamped
can you please tell fergie I love herr?
: Hehe.
I have no clue why, but it feels an awful lot like I got punched in the face.
And this is not a good feeling at all.
you stole this one from me ;
Is everybody getting a Windows8 tablet???
If so, sign me up!
Totally dig, dude.
Keep it up.
Dear lord, you sure have given us a lot to think about for season 3!
Summer can't come soon enough...
Sports turn us into such idiots.
Just found myself wishing Wolves would just give up  concede again so that I can stop watching/hoping.
Thanks for a great 2nd week at Spear and Mission.
You guys are awesome, even in the rain.
See you next Tuesday.
u fallin off man
Come Together.
Yess!!!
what do u say sweety ?
go out
So bummed, was planning on show tonight but looks like tickets are all sold out!
Any way of getting in at the door?
Anyone who is interested in posts about my crafting activities should follow me here:
Seattle the week of 11/14
and those plans are still on 
No surprise to me, when my mom dislikes all my friends and loves all my older sisters .
Fucked up shit .
Can't wait to see the More Than This video tomorrow!
:
How have you never been to Chipolte??
They are pure deliciousness.
Care too little, you will lose them.
Care too much, you will get hurt.
I'm on your side Stephen!
but of course :
Grand Opening January 9th!
Look at those tweets ranking so high.
Content marketing!
WE THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS RIGHT NOW !!
ORD and MDW blocked.
intel says 5 zombies now.
do not trust media.
maybe sporadic tweets now.
no worries.
If its too out of the way  not a big deal just let me know.
she has what i had !
, membee gow sick i was !
Me too, agreed!
so they never tell you that 13 years experience of advanced dance is needed to do TaeBo lol
You mean like paper and pencil?
good luck!
The Minnesota History Center throws a GREAT party!
I got a ticket!
Will have to let you know how it goes!
It's not too late to order your desserts for the weekend!
Also, stop by for a slice of our Georgia Peach Poundcake  it's only 2!
The faceoffs are still a big problem for the rangers, can't control the puck
edumooc2 Love it!
Karen Swan missed online features when teaching f2f, made blended course
YES, has a twitter!
;D
Im really happy with him.
Only dwn 7 bro, we gud RT : I'm cutting this Laker shit off they pissing me off let me know the score at the end of this bullshit
RT : Cool DVD news!
MITW had sell out crowd last night at the San Francisco Green Film Festival....
What I am or what I'd LIKE to be?
; We have tents...I'd LOVE a motor home.
Aaron Eckhart rocks the butt chin
good point!
Reason to use statistics in your speech part 2 Statistics can have an emotional impact on your audience.
So am I!
It's a great opportunity and we certainly have jobs for with skilled staff in this foodcentric town.
Beale Street, Mayweather fight, Cinco de Mayo....So many things going on today!
Passed Andoctorw Bynum in El Segundo.
Playersonly meeting held today.
Hello to our new followers!
better have some pretty boss finale if this is true.
Just completed longest flight of our lives, Munich to Perth, AUS thru USA over 35hrs in planes!
Ministering for Margaret Court in a.m.
Dude whatever im just trying to be in a good mood I don't need all this bullshit I get from so many people over meaningless things!
No, but I heard about it...
there nada to be happy bout Monday why b/c i got to go to work and deal wit asshole lol
i love your nostrils.
Can't rub skin doctor after showering/bathing, pat off excess.
Apply moisturizer to moist skin.
beautysnatural.com
lol...uh .YUP
basketballmania these days, stay glued to the tube
This is the last time I dont doctorve going out, im super sleepy my bed is calling me and I cant even answer....
Someone is trying to arrange a phone call with me at a given time, in EST.
What should I do?
Tell him he's wrong?
Show up at the wrong time?
made s'mores then did a kickboxing workout with a former miss usa.
best relay ever!
hah!
If i pitched a perfect game I would be too!
:
Not a chance.
If they need a 2B they'll call up Farris.
Almost there!
:
Home!!
Time to study exams are almost here!!!
I hope you tweet about it later, though!
Just to give your loyal followers an overview
i wish I had one now
Ppl who just let their phone ring.
Well it's not going to pick up on its own.
MCA Rest in Peace
the weather is getting better!
No more freezing days Makes for a great day
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Mark Twain
OH Lord i hope he doesnt notice me...he looking hella hard!...IM HUNGRY!
Scanned in art work...
pen tooled part of my character...
staging for animation.
Stay TUNED
Sleeping on the master bed this whole weekend :
it would sooner than you think bro....
Can I get aRT from my second fav BC player
World Football League TShirt Jacksonville Sharks Adult Black Tee Shirt
At Radiohead concert with in Tampa.
will fix thanks!
i wanna wake up in a city that doesn't sleep.....bahahahaha!
All Dogs go to Heaven.
Happy 100th G
How long would you guess your vascular system is if you were to line them up endtoend?
I don't take stress well.
ManU  American owned soccer!
Penn State the school or Pennsylvania the state?
Haha
Sure thing.
Have a great week
: nicemy newest timesink.
i blame you...
crying  your direct quote from Aubrey.
Oh my.
it is soon much better!
Thanks how are you chad?
I wish I had a dance lmao
It's a hot topic right now for sure!
You can succeed if nobody else believes it, but you will never succeed if you don't believe in yourself.
William Boetcker
: Faith is the currency of heaven.
So that's how airlines make their money: went a few pounds over on my checked luggage, so my fee went from 25 to 115.
How is that legal?!
on skype :D
YES YOU ARE!
we'll go to Sonic first because thats long overdue.
then the doctorvein.
Hooters.
you can't get out of it lol.
For the stock market the shorts are winning.
Same old news, now reality setting in.
Joined market Maven team.
Ask for details
2 off your combo meal tomorrow for Pre Payday Thursday!
kendoctorcks verse in b boyz .....
DAMN
Fuck you see you at space tonight
Life doesnt always have to be so serious and black and white.
Lets stir things up a little.
The Rangers success and start of the NBA season help to mitigate the sorrow I feel about this Cowboys season.
UPDATE 1Macquarie, UOB place bids for ING Asia armsources
Thanks for the shout!
It's Monday, and that means it is the day to decide the next week for targets  what's new and great in ABQ for eats?
Latest from : I swear, if you go to bed before fully enjoying this fire I built...
Good, great wins by NY Rangers and Yanks today!!
DASER Borgia the Bower protects the female from male threat.
congrats to the winner, but I didn't see anyone else who even tried to win, I thought it was about directing traffic creatively???
JustPromiseMe that I will meet Ed Sheeran again some day.
I wonder what SAG screeners we'll get this year.
Experience the only 4G LTE network with rewards!
Check out our 4G devices like the Samsung Aviator and Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1
I need people to accept their true skin color.
These tans are too much.
I don't even know if that makes sense to anyone but it does to me..
Yes, because I'm awake now!
: RT : It's going to be a great show today eh?
;
Can you share some pix of the Bogota architecture?
Thx
agreed.
You're making this difficult on us though.
TBWII won't be fun remember?!
:
AH!
SO CLOSE!
happy Husker day!
How are you settling in?
Punk Goes Pop
Look I'm clean, neat, etc butWhenItComesToHavingMyComputer in my room while I'm trying to clean it, having twitter open, I can't resist.
AH!
Finally the weather feels a little balmy!
It's been so cool Spring hardly seems to have begun!
im on dat loud, u on dat whisper
Samantha just finished the Surf City half marathon.
Woohoo!
Time to get cleaned up and Super Bowl it.
Huya!
Giants I guess...
I was busted on friday nd lost my phone but I stole it back hahaha
dont we just love mechanics, they work fast, they never surprice you w/ another problem when its time to pick up ur car :
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old.
Lord Chesterfield
I think this is harder on old mahomies cuz we actually Knew how he was before he was famous and so much has changed...
lets trend LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 please???
Thanks!
I can go for a yogurt right about now.
yayaya freakin' sore throat and headache!
God damn!!
Now Broussard looks like an idiot for his halftime comments.
When I buy ugly stuff and my sister doesn't believe I can make it cute , that bitch,

That awkward moment when you are actually pulling a push door.
Everyone is beautiful if the just BEaUtiful : be yourself everyone and u will find that special someone 3
14 home runs in 29 games is unreal
HEY EVERYONE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
Dear allergies, I hate you.
Best, Heather
Smoking And I got asthma I know that's ass backwards
your self importance has overwhelmed your good sense...you actually think you can relate to the common man
Definitely unmoored RT : Adam Yauch: the first celebrity death of the year that has left me completely unmoored...
I'm gonna come visit this summer.
Mish yew 
Tell us about your business.
Post your FB or website page here.
you're VERY welcome!
:D
hangin in there...
Miss talkin to u...
Did u get your tat?
I want someone to crack my back  neck;  then give me a massage.
Heyy youu!
Yeahh you reading this goo follow noww!
She follows back.
Soo, follow her!:
Woohoo!
Wonderful news and welldeserved, I'm sure.
Great matchup all around!
: I hate country accent's!why???
About to screen Last Call Packed house!!!!
Some teachers need to learn how to teach...
I think it's her time of the month.
I marked our calendar for future referenceSheldon
check my phone I'm bout to get a call, I'm pushin in my shit hahaha
Thomas and Dolores Umbridge are equals
Finally saw the vid of Artie Lange on Joe Buck Live and uh...
wow.
I'm speechless.
Don't think the term train wreck describes it justly.
I was so excited to clean out my fridge, do dishes, and sort recycling this morning before work.
I'm a grownup now.
First audition for How I met your mother, second audition or casting director Natasha Ward!
Pretty stoked..busy day but damn exciting!
Chris: Networkingnot a networking person; daytoday business is quite isolating
I wish, my mom won't let me go anywhere cause I didn't go to school today.
If I could I would trust me 
...for the person who can't get genuinely excited about his work...will never achieve anything worthwhile.
Walter Chrysler
sure....I may be back a little after that.
Sunday!
Always.
I'm legit the only girl in this class right now.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
HENRY THOREAU...
Let this week be this week.
Lose yourself this weekend.
Life is 2 short NOT be who u are  NOT do what u love.
Don't let circumstances determine ur destiny, never give up on the doctoram....C J
yum  glad you're enjoying it!
u still on!
We knew it was true!
Just had to prove to world.
Wisconsin uwsocial is king of colleges socialmedia crown.
First session of conspiracy theories and critical thinking webinar just finished.
Next up, the Pearl Harbor attack.
Great subject!
what is there 2 do?
Complexed like black salt...
do work son!
i need more friends
1966 I believe.
I took an undergrad class from the founder at CSULB.
Wow, you do not go against Lincoln.
Why did that get a laugh but not the dying newspapers?
Take risks in your life , if you win , you can lead!
If you lose , you can guide!
Pretty sure all this coughing is going to fracture a rib.
jangledocab Lesson: hamglad adj.
When you are glad that you have ham.
Thanks for the follow...following youbtoo....
well the worst thing that can happen is you hit a stud and break your hand in several places.
History was a lot more interesting when all the world's leaders were crazy from syphilis.
We should bring that back.
A select few had the gifted voice of Whitney Houston.
Let us celebrate the life of WH and pray for those love ones in their time of grief.
Which I need to hear as this makes no sense to me.
We can create apps and that is enough, no?
yes?
That was awesome  great fun  insightful!
Thanks so much for joining us  podcast up soon!
lol good enough!
we need to hang out so you can tach em some of your skills?
:D
OMG so Meta!
I was a Girl Scout.
I'm eating Thin Mints.
Saxby Chamblis giving floor speech on Girl Scouts.
CSPAN2: mind blown.
RT She on a diet, but her pockets eating CHEESECAKE..!
Miami bound this is when work doesn't feel like work.
Taking personal calls and watching SYTYCD Youtube videos.
Friday yet???
i need no man in this fuckinq world !
t
I'm so paranoid
And isn't that just about the creepiest part?
He honestly ran and hid hahhaa.
Samsung posts record 5.15 billion professort; mobile sales surge
Miami tomorrow, Vegas on Thursday!
I'll text u once I get my phone fixed/replaced
if those ballots are all for Rick Sanotrum then it's all kicking off...
Just listened to the mix tape and really enjoyed it.
Go check this guy out!
You working on an album?
Country girl/guy VS.
City girl/guy
Like I care?
I am wireframing the crap out of some shiznit today!
oh Yeah!
I went to buy my new desk  photography light desk  my friend  cousin were passing it off
aight.
Ima try it one more time
thanks for the RT
yooo we in new york.
Hit us up!!!
Bestpartofmyweek is seeing :
burned 397 calories doing 60 minutes of Walking, 3.0 mph, mod.
pace, walking dog
Check out the 4 Gutsy girls BLOGGING about their QLCs  stratejoy.com !
Very real  very inspiring!
Rich: Not logical to say bc plant fails in extreme conditions, all plants should be closed where same risk does not exist.
We strive to really deliver 90 off the best of Madison.
We just don't say it, we deliver
Anybody have c lunch tomorrow?
You are going, aren't you?
a familiar thing from my years working  SDSU Library  the FIRE ALARM is going off...
evacuate the building.
EarlyLunch!
Im smoking, fcukin, nd working all summer!!!
I prayed your day ended as good as mines..........guess what?
I finally after two months has a residence in New Rochelle
No.
Coolest Day of the Year is Jan 17th  Anton Chekhov's Birthday.
But those other guys are pretty cool.
Eva: We must resist the attempts to accept the status quo.
Bigger.
Bolder.
Faster.
Rough one today...ouch.
I see your a Pirates fan...
you should follow ...
he's the
Posted by Tom under saving on your phone bill Comments Off
Everything's Good Bro.
How 'bout Yourself?
Well, its Another Monday morning
she's sippin on the haterade
i like to find creepy dudes creeping on girls on twitter and look at them and tell myself that I'm 1000 times cooler than them
Beer started getting lighter as it was marketed to women.
ONE place!!!!!!
Omg!
I'm so excited!
My entire intention is entirely to entice you
good morning hope you're feeling better, always nice to see you on my TL.
Am I really?!
I'm not even trying no but seriously
Thanks Kyle, I want to do a post on the show as well in the very near future if you and DD are OK with it.
I'll be in touch
most of the time, they can be off track with flowing conversation sometimes
Oh shit i gotta go get my tank cd
St Louis Blues get beat like a redheaded step child
Richard Petty doctorving Experience.
Unreal.
lady heard me tonight cause my feeling it's just so right I feel love for the first time..can't you see your my day light!!
Not the first time I've gotten the meat sweats!
let's hope the rest of the work week is quick  easy.
Mood Swing  New York Times
TONIGHT: Boulder S'Wedge  Bryan Johnson and Family w/ Lion Walk, Lion Run and Lizzie Pitch  8 PM  No Cover!
you too!
Happy 4th of July Everyone!
Have a Safe and Enjoyable Independence Day!!!
Is it bad that a friend of mine just told me he started training at McDonald's and I GASPED ...I mean work is work I guess...
I want my sister to divorce our cousin WTH that Jeremy Kyle Show is so stupid!!
Catch that ball Collins!
Hey there!
What type of writing are you looking to have done?
I think I've seen the Smash pilot like 20 times now..
I cannot wait for the premiere of this show!
The music, the storyline, the castmagic
Wanna volunteer for ?
Volunteer Orientation TONIGHT at at 6pm.
Help us pull off this ambitious and magical event.

and to take attendance is like when we have to be with them.
And we dont find out who our chaperone is till thurs.
You got it George!
Thank you!!!
Have a wonderful weekend!!!
I bet this girl that just rolled my burrito got major blunt Rollin skills
Someone tell me why angelie was disqualified from americas next top model
that is English, but this isn't
waystomyheart there are no ways lol.
Maybe by the end of NaNoWriMo I'll have a whole chapter written.
headdesk
This FF is dedicated to only :
I LOVE YOU DEVOOOOOOOOO!
Cheer up amigo!!
I will see you son!
3
every guy, has that girl who changes the game, and the player.
FYI  Water Authority has Twitter accounts and
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing doctor Seuss's adman creative.
MT : Day three, after our conversation yesterday the kids were angry and asking how can they create change
GotBieberFever5: RT : Gary is being a pain in the ass.
but like how are u sure it's here and not some other random taylor lol
If u like one direction please let me know : .....
So I can unfollow u lol ;
A sort of odd special at the bakery across the street: Buy a brownie and get a cookie for free.
Yes there is some serious poofage in my photo.
I haven't grown out of that yet :
Never fails..I always wake up from a nap 1confused and 2with a headache.
Happy national honesty day.
know that honesty is apparently inexistent..
jessica biel.
woof.
Practicing Adventures of a comic book artist with my friends in theater elective we miss u
Celebrate MarchMadness on March 21st at and !
Free WeWant8 tees,music from  doctornk specials!
My goal?
Live with out a single regret
i texted him lol i think u and i should just start on something
Just waking up!
Ahh, I love sleeping, but still sick!
More babies!
Whoo!
21 days before mine!
Time to go meet the fellow April stud!
Looking for a Sr.
Recruiter who specializes in SharePoint recruiting!!!
Dear unread books on my shelf, stop staring at me like that.
I haven't been reading magazines either.
hell yeah,hell yeah hell yeah, fuckin right,fuckin right allrighttt.
3
how about you shut the fuck up.
you have an ugly mother and i hate your butt hole
If there's one takeaway from LITAultdebate it's that there is no magic.
Unless OLE actually is a unicorn.
I swear its every class I have one person stare at me hard af.
Why is no one talking about the Lou Gramm trial?
Not saying he did wrong, but kinda a big story.
Follow back then :
Greeted by tacklehugs from the dudes  a chorus of Mommy, mommy, mommy!
I've been laughing to myself most of today listening to these!
:D
Daniel Tosh is the only one that you'd be with lol
Watching New Years Eve with my wonderful friends.
:
You will be unstoppable in Coach Cal's doctorbble doctorve!!
I feel a Championship coming...
Go Big Blue!!
G.O.O.D.
Music has gotten so much hype lately I love it.
So....time to listen to Spotify instead.
you copied my tweet?!
RT : I don't have any geek collections or geek gear, but I do spend an avg.
of 10 hrs/wk fishing....
so true!
I've been great about exercising, meditating, sleeping and eating right.
Need to get back on the massage train!
:
Bring it on little brother
The cake turned out awesome!
Hopefully it tasted as good as it looked!
You're not alone.
Weight loss is one of the hardest battles to fight.Maybe that's why is prouder of her weight loss than her Oscar!
you are too kind
Thanks!
Great community!
RT : JiffyLube!
JiffyLube!
and Matt, whoever you are, thanks!
how's it coming?
Sittin in dfw.
Stop in atl for a beer with an old friend, in so fla by bedtime.
We just converted our Facebook page to timeline  this should be fun!
How is the officiating live?
Joke on TV
what state do you live in?
please follow us, I wish you the best
recording your Swap Party on NBC this am but Dallas weather has other plans!
Hope you'll send me a copy...
Ryan Beatty is verified before wtf is wrong with this world?:/
its the power of bonner!
LOL
Initiative people, take it!
Club Play tonight at SoBe ;
We have an office pool at my job on whether Michael Jackson's hologram will be white or black.
tell me product out of stock BEFORE I submit credit card!
Oh, as I vent my new Khols sales alert/spam just arrived.
Thanks
I was just saying it as an FYI, nothing more, nothing less
Clearly the worst thing for your breath is sleep.
yu a fool boogie boo!
if yu dont have anything nice to say dont say anything at all.....lmbo
he better not get shot
Rebellion is as bad as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as bad as worshiping idols 1 Samuel 15:23
Oh definitely.
RT : Decided: the plural of George Foreman's sons is Georges Foreman.
the description is great.
Apparently she's having this baby like soon what???????
Secret pregnancy???
SCANDALOUS.
PULLIN A FRANK IERO
Today in 1925 the Phillies had their 8th game in a row rained out.
rick mo's mo's is the BOMB wish i was in town, would come meet you!!!have a crab cake for me!!lol lol
be tweekin.
almost hit my line for nothing smh
Gorgeous day at the Farmers Market!
Grab your keys and get over here
'Stay with the man who is beating you, or get deported'
I'll take 80s if you can get the humidity down too.
I can bring you a case of beer for your trouble.
Thank you!
Best whishes for u and your family too.
: Yes you are the first.
:
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.
How did I get to work this morning?
Just hoisted the sail is all.
Aww thanks, and i am only a wicked cool fan cause your'e an amazing artist that i can be a fan of ;D
he is amazing!!
Gotta go grocery shopping :
IMHO Uncle Meghabhuti  Funkscribe are the best radio show in town.
Tough luck , good work
yeah...recently i've been doing that more than i'd like to...haha but ya que?
Fuck it high five
On my way home from New Hampshire listening to The Wanted.
mine is starting to look like chicken scratch :/
What's up How's everything going
you have hit the attract the crazies level of fame
EyeNetra hopes to solve the access to glasses problem, and potentially revolutionize eye care.
Also wicked idea: Hardware App Store.
Ok, that was crazy....time to get my ass home
ha, oops.
Just changed it from showing 50 lines to 25, and must have missed a spot.
That's what I get for hardcoding it.
Did you allow Operation Eradicate the iPad pandemic clone, or is it a ripoff?
Thanks!
see how y'all do me :
for what, for murder if you die and it might be murder the amount of the policy can make you a suspect for murder.
That is a motive
Don't understand people who are offended by the seaward...
Dumb cunts.
Random group of guys bust out in song ...
Reminds me of vocal ensemble...
Been thinking about that a lot lately.
Miss you guys :
Not bad.
Simple enough for me to appreciate in a 3 leg design.
I'm still obsessed w/ the bookshelf you tweeted though!
Hm.
Crazy trance music kid isn't blasting his music at a billion decibels in the elevator today, someone's Lookin out for me
You need to look at my Artfire Studio and pick something out for Eva Langoria or someone else.
I do custom, and I do GORGEOUS
is in Love with Being an Honest Business man.....
I don't know abt u, but I'm craving a DQ basket.
Lemme know if you wanna hit one up.
We know where they are now!
Not going to ruin it for all the west coasters!
Grammys looking great this year!
The ancient Greeks believed that redheads would turn into vampires after they died.
My night would have been better off studying the US constitution and gauging my eyes out with a red pen.
Need to have benchmark of regular 's in social media too, to know when a campaign has been successful.
im a student of the school of hardknocks..
Something's in the works!
RT : pick Bruce Irvin DE W Virginia
Can I get an invite?
Phone doesn't recognize that reader is plugged in.
Tried 2 different readers.
Up to date on software.
Pls help.
Thx.
24 hours from greatness....
I'm that close....
good idea, man.
I'm either checkin out his face, junk or ass...
usually all of the above.
Keep the throttle wide open on your doctorams!!
Headin fer the barn
Everytime I get on this app I wonder what the hell people think when they leave the house looking so crazy
What do you call two Mexicans playing basketball?
Juan on Juan.
But the one student sleeping in the front row didn't need his laptop to help him not pay attention!
the beauty of making an album on your own terms.
U can change up whenever u want.
Creativity happens when u least expect it :

please text me?
tell that to the winner...
I believe McCain wants Obama to have a second term.
His support of Romney is a smoke screen.
He knows Romney will not win.
Fiction is where you go to know you're not alone.
Genuinely inspired by ElizabethStrout's penandpodium lecture last night.
Hey did you see that got on twitter?
finally!!
I love how politically vocal you've beenkeep it up!
RT : Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone  Cyrus A.
Bartol
no I'm silly too  random SMH lol
Im hoping so, run its course / RT : The Office will be back this fall.
It is not determined if this will be the final season.
you're too gay to be funny.
Our Launch Party was a lot of fun.
But if you missed it, don't fret!
We'll be hosting a second popup shop at the Trumbullplex on Dec.
10.
Lmao.
Gym, gym, bangs trim, gym.
Ha My nigga Prodigy Said I like the Jacket !
But it wasnt even a jacket lmfaooo haahahaha
Just wait ima get u one of these days don't trip baby girl:
hello!
whats up?
The dcnyc10 iPhone app.
Love.
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!
:D December20th PutYourHeartsUp PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th 3
And 46for46 murals!
RT : Have you visited the Huddle ?
Stop by and visit for shopping, dining  entertainment!
Kelly Rowland hosts at PURE Nightclub in Caesars tonight!
FREE entry on VIP guest list!
Text 702.882.4982 B4 7:30pm!
heading to to watch butcher a pig.
Video will be out next week.
That sounds like a lot of fun : Yes the tour is going great.
We just finished a show in Pharr Texas.Tons of fun!
Just put together our infamous crab cake mixture.
Mardi Gras at PHYC tomorrow!
Skylar is staying: I hope 3
: And Campbell's double noodle soup.
At my family event, there's about 80 people and I can't find the food...how is this possible?
That's why I came!!
Wantinf him..
but at the same time..
i don't want to get hurt.
K, Rihanna won.
Make BEATS!
im up way to early!!
I haven't been on twitter in a long time.tweet me what did i miss.
ICONiac Forever.
socialRFP Step 1 Define the Objective: Brandidentify core biz objectives, key marketing initiatives.
What does client REALLY need?
Goodmorning world!
Another day we see light!
While you're visiting my page, please take the time to recommend it to your family and friends.
Thank you so much.
:
Powerhouse poker w/ and the man
Mobile Marketing  Discover Why Mobile is the Next Marketing Goldmine.
Me and most overused words: fuck, omg, shit, shut up, and ew
Ok, let's light this candle!
great meeting you as well...
tell Jay I said hello!!
you guys, first relation ships were FaceBookOfficial for you their TwitterOfficial
if only you went to Toronto
Great class in Tribeca today!!!!
: can't wait to teach again in Long Island on Tuesday night  Lynbrook here we come!!!!!!
:
SERIOUSLY?!
FML.
EXCUSE ME WILL I CRY IN A FUCKING CORNER.
OMFG.
LOOKS LIKE IM NOT MEETING MY HUSBAND.
Off day at Epcot.
One of the many traditions to be kept alive today...
768 Everyblock is nice, especially when you're thinking about moving into a new neighborhood
Abouta run errands and get the glasses!!!
oh I see.
Thanks for the 411!
Have a great nap...z :
Back on Twitter just for the Oscars!
So excited!
And we're a company of our word: If Christian Bale don't win Oscar, WE LEAVE TWITTER 4EVER!
do you agree w that?
Wiskullsin Xmas partydoctornk'emupprebarhop Saturday Extravaganza is tomorrow at HQ.
Message/facebook me for details.
Happy Birthday Albert Einstein!
Born this day in 1879.
whatifindattractive an athletic man
awh, thank you:
BigBangTheory is THE BEST!
I think it's already been renewed so I'm safe to say it out loud!
i don't know what i'd do with myself if i won!
hahaha, fingers crossed!
Here's a little song I wrote; you might want to sing it note for note: don't worry, be happy!
Lemonheads!
definitely my favorite candy from childhood
PLEASE FOLLOW ME 
get your 1 bartab doctornk on at Tiki No
U smh at me is the same thing as shut the fuck up....
dnt shake your damn head at me
Two wonderful Fried Egg Sandwiches from  The MeggaFowl made in honor of and Free Range Against the Machine.
ever notice how cigarette smoke is two distinctly different shades of gray before and after exhale?
Im tryna get up to head to the gyn
Ben Holmes  when I'm around U.S.based entrepreneurs, I have to watch my wallet bc they are great at pitching!
okay I'm done.
I apologize for flooding your twitter feed with my poor observations of life.
I can't hide my redneck side.
Great thanks we are just starting our blogg and want to link with other likeminded bloggers in the security space.
I'm a Tebow fan,so that's why I 'm saying something haha:
and never leave!!!!
What is TYVM?
sorry my twitter vocab isn't up 2 par 0o
Everything is tracked for data analysis  followup.
Presenter didn't detail specifics.
your new website is awesome
Detroit is coming back baby!
Lets grow for the future!
I need everyone's number again.
I finally upgraded my phone lol
no dice.
I'm feeling like poo.
Ugh.
Here's to the directioners who DID SOMEONE SAY ONE DIRECTION?!??!
:
Opening exhibition game at the new stadium was fantastic!
Way to show them what you're made of Panthers!!
Come in for the YEAR END CELEBRATION!
All superduties F250, F350, F450's get a 2,500 rebate AND 1,000 Ford Motor Credit Rebate!
PLUS As l
yea i get mad when i have to retype it.
But I'm the same way lol
Good morning!!!!
Finishing the last of the new registrations.
It is a good day.
:
The common reputation of Twitter is that its frivolous, which isnt the case
SELENA YOU LIKE THE NEW FOTAS
Wow watching the blood sugar solution with doctormark hyman...
Proves my theory that high fructose corn syrup is killing our country!
WATCH!!!!
Here we go Steeler...Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl
I got love for the tabbouli!
So what are you doing for your mother for Mother's Day?
I don't know whats better sleeping in my own bed for the 1st time in 6 days, or having 100 cell phone battery for the 1st time in 6 days?
Join us for worship at 8:00.
It will be transforming.
The message is Dissed in Death.
Thanks for the follow, I always follow back, :
What station is it on?
breakfast for dinner is delicious: i luv it: hehe
Free wine tasting before the last home game?
Register for the 11/13 MTTS lecture, Virginia Wine: Past, Present and Future with Chad Zakaib.
WHAT IS HOMEWORK THOUGH
so awesome!!
That TOTALLY made my day!
When you're committed, you work thinks out.
Whoever did that is AT LEAST the coolest person in Baltimore.
TY for the shout out!
Hope to see you all at DiningOutForLife doldc!
what value; when u dont have players to fill roster enough!
I guess they need players not need!
agree kd should've won it
Hungry for lunch already?
What gives?
Pulling treasures from the archives to wow the newbies at New Student Orientation tomorrow.
The NFL Scouting Combine has instituted the Wonderlic Test, which is said to measure players' learning capabilities.
yea use water paint
Ok, I have to lay back down so I can up in 2 hrs :/ Thx to all new follows, RT,  replies, enjoyed the conversation.
Nitey nite ; 
Probably the 5th time I posted that.
First was after the Super Bowl.
That pic was from last night
Omg i really took a 3 hour nap.
Had the craziest doctoram too
Which I haven't done in forever, Lolz
Just finished watching The Count Of Monte Cristo, wow!!
How art refects life!!!!!
Denver!
You?
A chocolate Peanut butter oatmeal cookie sounds so delicious.
Hm I wonder if DH would bake some up?
oh well idk
Support Local Business!!
follow
Hey 'member when you did Francis?
Every body always tries to start stuff with Lebron on the court
bestie!
Hey!
I'm doing good but I was in stress lately.
How about you?
Are you doing great?
we gone be salty af
hacker screen is up, another laptop is open, coffee in hand and tunes in my earholes.
THIS IS WHAT WORLD DOMINATION LOOKS LIKE.
you should.
Very cool style
Yeah but Death by Degrees, for all it's visual pomp, might as well have been coined DIY Genital Mutilation!: The Home edition!
do you still want to coown?
if you do can you please follow back?
:
I'm so thirsty!
You illegally charged my account 39 this month.
I want my money back!!!
Self defense!
And I think me perfecting your paper was an adequate award...that was some solid work from me there.
Got a sneak peek at INArtisan Marketplace today while with Great food, wine, pottery, jewelry art!
Sat 106, Sun 105
Sorry to hear that.
I can empathise.
I've had a heap of pantsdays since getting back from Chile.
This is Catastrophe Month.
WHO WANTS TO SEND SOMETHING IN FOR PATS BIRTHDAY VIDEO!?
YOU HAVE UNTIL THE END OF THE NIGHT TO SEND TO :
Outstanding!
RT : Beautiful Event today at with Hosted by Wow!
What an amazing meal!...
RIP Earl Scruggs
Mid Major coaching job vs BCS job  great read...
gotta buy packs so u always have one.
Thanks for your really nice comment on my Show The World video!!!
i'm from Florida.
Nice!
RT : Thanks for the tip!
Listening to  love...
Spread to Thine is really getting me pumped for the new album!
No magic bullet for measurement...Look at business and communications goals and map back to them
Kentucky Derby contest today.
Pick a number betw 120, if horse wins, you win Dbacks/Cubs tickets.
We'll tweet exact time later.
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
End of the 4th with a score of 610
You're very welcome!
Have a wonderful weekend!
wow, I didn't know it was that serious.
TF is he??
And who does that like!?
He's a Loner...
Ohio here we come.
Text the cellular.
:
i think i found my girl than haller
You think you know someone, till they screw you over...
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Bender's writing a book for Manning too, so we can get some synergistic pimping
Thanks friend!
Can't wait to catch up and see you for Minneapolis fun in a few weeks!
S/0 to on being a great friend !
Smh...some ppl do the stupidest thingsi just hate being present when they do smh
Cheaters never win!
Ryan Braun is a cheater!
RT : What a game and what a finish today.
Another great voice lost, Donna Summer
Sky8 clocking gusts of 58 mph at 1200 ft.
Will be helping the new University Archivist  Casey Westerman acclimate to his new position this afternoon
Going to bed now, Night 
is whats up : 
RT My friend who you met and hooked up the tickets tonight is waiting for your follow.
Here you go!
We are 17 Million Beliebers now.
One Strong Family and im Proud to be a Part of it.
To be a Fan of Justin doctorw Bieber is beyond amazing.
love your song put your hearts up :
I liked TNT's Rizzoli  Isles better when it was called Cagney  Lacey and was twice as dyketastic.
I'm out!
And fed up!
No more nice guy!
Ima keep them calling me CRAZY!
That's what they love!
So what up B I T C H!
There are times I feel this team is on the right track.
This guys haircut is so awful....
I think Mitt Romney was his barber!
sittin on my couch doctornking coffee cudds:
had a great time at moe's with and twitterless hayley!
reet when you're best friend ignores you cause she doesn't wanna see you.
oh, rad, the america indian museum is by the reflecting pool.
:
revived the mancrush :  that is totally cool .....
Wherever the love comes from...
sleep .
why do people always screw me over ?
whateverrre
So glad you liked and enjoyed it!
That makes me happy :
You feeling alright?
to scientists: youre suspicious of simple answers but people dont trust you when you hedge.
lol just read the exact same tweet from RT : Old song for me: 2007.
Old song for my parents: 1475.
I would love to make you a beautiful star villian if I was to produce this script I am reading ha ha!!
hope your day is great!
My weekend 
Feats  personal daily achievements
It's December.
Time for carols.
/te
Gonna be home alone all night.
TC party hollaaaa
I love to run, been slacking this weekend!
Right back at it tomorrow !
I hope next Falling in Reverse album has less cheesy lyrics xD
licensedoctorady to doctorve.
Same here man.
I freaked the fuck out over that snippet.
I used to hang out there all of the time before it changed locations.
Cool place and all of the bartenders were cool.
Do you need any help with Camtasia?
Everyone has that moment of heartbreak when your pet jumps off your bed and leaves the room.
Back on my feet, and making my next move, my best move!
it's the prom one??
YES!
SO EXCITED NOW!!
:
Christopher Plummer may be walking on stage tonight to kick Billy Crystal's ass.
oh that makes perfect sense
Everyone IS wonderful!
And in time, and in time, we will all be STARS!
We all wish Cody the best though and hope that he finds what he is looking for in life.
Hey, thanks!
Great point.
Maybe we'll do something special for this week's Beer:30.
My apartment smells like french toast right now and it's glorious.
is to do your HW
RT : dc spacetweeps was able to get table for 5 at Madames Organ feel free to join or they'll move our table.
:
Totaled my car :
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear  Self Destruction
the booking people don't email back :
When Jefferson walked past the guy sweeping  motioned shhh, that was a nod to 1 Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, right??
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
pancakes!!!!
Yumm :D
very good choice!
; we love that one as well!
I dunno, Per.
That sounds like a lot of work...
;
well im late
working on Mozee LP
Going to test out E Blue Burrito!
Some People need a Psych Eval before being allowed to procreate
Just heard the coolest story about promoter Bill Veeck from an 80yearold customer at the store.
LOVE IT when customers tell me stories!
ah, Josh that was terrible.
Just give it up!
fortheloveofchris LOL!
don't tell the Internet, but I just solved a 5x5x5 rubik's cube without it
u say u know what a lady wants.
Well this lady wants u to follow her
The good: my running pants are loose.
The bad: they fell down.
The ugly: most of 8th ave just saw my undergutchies...
Take your time.
I'm not one to interfere with making a homemade pizza!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
Thousands just standing around waiting for their ride to arrive.
Police are diverting ALL traffic away from airport because of water main bk
or Lorenzo Llamas.
Sharp avatar!
i'll be there!
what about target OPI?!?
Why is it the dark side??
when she writes her signature she really writes crew love
it's tonight she left already, fingers crossed : :: How did it go?
This day has been fucking crazy dude
oh oh.
My bad
Way to walk those runs in Cubs!
Looking forward to a nice night.
My training officially starts tomorrow.
Hard work and your doctorams chase U
yea i like what i see tonight.
Even though its only one game.
I hope they can play like this everynight.
im sorry to hear about you and corey yall look so cute together!
I can't believe the 76ers beat the top seeded Bulls in a 7game series.
I look forward to their 2nd round elimination.
:P
Come on Nikki enough with the bum performance
CACI Reports Record Results for Its Fiscal 2012 Third Quarter
I know!
You were definitely missed!
Too much hair on these boys heads
study found that when web readers are faced with tiny scroll bar, they just leave.
Give word count, ability to download.
Booksandbars Crazy things happening this evening.
But not all of it is funny.
omg feline still didnt follow u :0
My curriculum vitae is going to have a piece of pepperoni and a smiley face on it and that should pretty much do the trick.
RIP Junior Seau
I am learning 20 minutes in Western Mass time means an hour.
Plus, I am learning that it's probably time to give up sports writing.
I haven't been a student at for 20 years but I still want my almamatter to win during
RT : Yup its ALL her fault!!
Lolshe was suppose to fix me lunch for today she fell asleep smh
.
says university presses provide alternate locus of accreditation for emerging areas of inquiry
What?!
Do it Rob RT: So True?
So False?
Will Rob Kardashian Move With Khloé and Lamar to Dallas?!
maybe let us check the schedule  I'm sure it will be great!
when does varsity play
This fight forever song got me in my feelings...this some bullshit, dope some...but some bullshit!
Always listen to mom...
looks like Flo Allen's red clay has done wonders for Ray's ankle
Thanks Candy!
Have a great one!
Let's go to the New Mexico State Fair
Love this article.
I'll look for you in those same funky Lakewood coffee shops.
Hope they tightened up the rims for all the bricks you'll be throwing at it
So I'm tired AF...
Guess being up 23 hours is weighing on me...
WhereDaStarbucksAt????
I get an emotional rush when I watch the video of your X Factor audition.
I can literally feel the hunger in your voice!
haha how funny.
I have never made it.
Was it easy to make?
Woohoo!
I'm live : RT check out our newest featured vendor and at weddingblush.com  Never Stop Blushing!
I think I have enough for a week!
July 22 was huge day in history of Mid South Event that changed MSW took place but NOT in MSW
yikes!
That's a tough one!
Is there wine?
Or vodka?
doctornkguyproblems Hahaha.
Lametown, sd by far
Music teacher Susan Wesson just sang her deputation to the TO Council.
4 am and incredibly compelling.
you're welcome.
;
Anyone in the mood for the electric slide today?
RIP WhitneyHouston.
A very talented and very troubled lady.
Must suck to live in the Tsunami area of Japan...12 4.5  5.5 earthquakes per day!
LOVE it!
Thanks for the peek!
I love you.
: Going to the gym.
How are you  your little man?
AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?
Remember, get your friends to like our page and win the 20 iTunes giftcard!
oh!
Yeah.
If you can thatd be so nice!
Thanks.
did roc cut his hair
Why did the HVAC tech have licenses in different states?
He heard that Freon changes states.
6WordSciFiStory  Amongst the wreckage lie alien survivors.
Common core standards say that students should have access to and grapple with works of exceptional craft and thought.
Lit in the classroom!
It is great to be back in LAfour auditions in my first three days back!
be glad you're not here.
This is legitimately painful to watch.
I know omg
that's what's up
And lest we forget...!
Thanks for the folo!!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
i love you i love you i lover you I sometimes say you never know but I remember never say never
i'm forever sour that the weirdo Glee Project reject is ruining 1D for me
That's disgusting on a couple of levels
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on doctor Fresh Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
AHA!
I see the new ep online!
Listening now.
We're here till 5!
You can't make that stuff up!
Someone is getting ready for the weekend!
;
Keep up the good fight....
baby got back is on the radio this is my suicide note
I fully support your cupcakesfordinner decision.
coffee is just as good.
Just got on the plane, ATX ETA 1210.
Plans this weekend?
Breaking a mirror is 7 yrs of bad luck.
A broken condom is 18.
wow...it really does exist!
I'm never staying at your hotels.
I had a reso and even called to confirm.
You can't overbook like airlines!!!
ooh strawberry and banana  top notch cereal!
Happy reading!
We have changed but we're still the same and after all that we've been through ,i know we're cool ...
the show is friday jazzy dats wat i cant wait for
can't wait for hell week to end so that my blogging can start.
in the meantime, celebrate tyftuesday by following
u have zero sense off humor
If you're going to follow a beard, might we suggest this beard:
Happy Mother to my beautiful mom and all the moms in world!!
3
Lol Yes I Did And Np ill Insult You Anytime...
Anytime
I'll miss you too!
but thats good!
goodluck!
hope you have a great weekend :
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, the women that are a mother like figure to some, AND the dads that may be pulling double duty!
Thanks for the mention!
:
Today is Give to the Max Day.
Show your support to our community and by making your donation today!
Dos Rios Elementary fifthgraders get a handson education about archeology  Greeley Tribune
She felt the need to enlighten me through a fb message because she saw me as innocent.
Gotta love those socially ignorant hipster cunts.
ok brofers can we go on a mystery
Sure do!
DM where to email it.
Up early  ready for talk at world trade center in rotterdam.
Bldg not as big as othe wtc I've seen.
iacrl2012 super excited to hear a library director say she wants to hire new libraryschool grads
Have a wonderful Wednesday night!
I only like photos that look old.
The look of the present is just so outdated!
I am amazed by all the greatdeals at the mall today!
I am so glad I made it out!
RT : My pet peeve about college hoops, the phantom offensive foul!
RT : Horrible call.
glad someone text you!
:
ok coo
One of the many plusses of working in a small office is knowing exactly when all the girls take their daily dump.
Would love to see pics too!
Male oppression!!
Head on collision one week...kick ass concert the next.
C built roads, buildings, trails, campgrounds, did archeology too
When my dad gives me money to get food i always keep the change for my troubles.
My nose is so stuffed up I can't eat  breathe  the same time
Happiness Is A Warm Gun Lennon considered this one of his favorites.
It's also Paul McCartney's favorite song on The White Album.
going to the talent show tonight so ready video put on later.
Email us for special offers and getting started on your pick orders to win you some big money!
is your answer!
so am I still the only interviewer who called it Canadian Idol?
Im doctornk and high at the same time doctornkin champagne on a airplane
My bad luck and bad decisions are in sync.
surrrrreeee, you're the trickster!!
How do you solve a problem like Princess Beatrice?: The princess can't find a job and Peter Phillips no longer h..
for real...
although they could probably turn out with 4 players and win
If it isn't summer time it is very rare in Portland to wake up to sunshine, this could be a good day
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer BehindTheMusic documentary
Hope you dig it!
video would kinda bring the magic.
A laptop webcam is ok.
Earbuds would be good too to minimize feedback on your end.
Back on track...
oh good what are you doing fathers day weekend?
Road trip?
:
Just found out I am rubbing one of our network setup people the wrong way.
Well, stop being incompetent and I will stop complaining.
Karma is a bitch, but let's hope that bitch is beautiful 3
All that stress and worry, and it turned out great anyway, again.
I was wondering when youd get to the R's!
What good company!
that is awful what other petty crime is happening at her school?
where's my macaroni yam
At The Landmark cinema alone.
This loveseat set up is creepy.
Call me old fashion, I don't like seeing people laying down at the movies...
So you're willing to through me under the bus to save your own ass...what a friend
it's the little imperfections
I'm not complaining though.
They smell nice.
THE PLAN: Eat dinner in Louisiana tonight.
What should my dad and I eat?
Crayfish?
Gumbo?
A po' boy?
All of the above?
Packing my life away ...
We got Black Ops poppin off tonight come get some.
Tournaments to come soon.
Back to back oasis songs on the radio followed by wallflowers , Thank you radio for that audio treat.
Messi you fucked up big time
1 day after my 1st day back N the gym n as suspected, I'm sore as fuck !!!
i'm totally confused :p
Soo, Human Centipede 2 sucked ass...literally.
Let down.
where you been?
You better come to jacobs friday night !
Playing a round tonight at 8 pm with the lovely and talented Ashley E Norton, and KelleyAnn Hocter at Rooster's Barbecue!
Come on out!!!
life without art is stupid
hey Austin please RT RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean alot
Holden Ray is completely my inspiration!!!
Omg
Tip: A reliable contractor will work with you to resolve any issues.
Not everything can or should be saved.
And we need to identify our data stewardship role.
Ol faithful WSHH
Just be here now.
Faith is the fuel behind the action you take.
My names Chris: Math enthusiast, Bad Ass MC.
was it bad?
i would really appreciate it if accepted my refriend request.
it's getting old when i try to creep and everything is blocked ;
or a damn ugly crain
hii : please follow!
we r big fansd from new york city!
Happy new year : xx from Rena and Gabby
I do not trust the rapid speed at which I am progressing through this chapter.
say what's up and will link up soon, bless up lions.
let's see if our dog can get a higher score than me by June
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
Good for you!
I need to start running again.
RT : Another Day, Another dollar is just not enough
U of M study finds a scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby...
Umm...
no kidding?
Finally Iguodala doctorves it, please no more Lou Williams threes
John Harrison Opera Foundation pres.
Renée Fleming in Strauss Der Rosenkavalier today at 2PM.
Public is invited  admission is free.
So where is the role of state and national nursing orgs?
It's almost time...Glitch Mob member, KRADDY this Sat night 1/22.
And it gets better: Skeetones open!
Also playing, DJxNightmare!
830PM 10
I know I'm not there yet, but I'm closer than yesterday.
You cannot keep the status quo in place and not call anythingother than a Ponzi scheme.
Rick Perry
set sum time up for us this week an tell what day an I'm up there bruh
weekly phone calls with implementation team  testing staff; on site visits  workshops w/Ex Libris staff; feedback submission
Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins.
Hope I'm still working out in 40 years.
I love Fishers Pediatric Dentistry for employing kind people and having one tech available to hold my son's hands during scary procedures!
Where oh where has my live set gone?
Where oh where could he be?
With his super neat clicks n really hip doctornes.
Where oh where could he be?
Insurance markets are responding.
Markets are rising.
Deals in 2010!
yer sweet.
x
these kids couldnt get any more hyper
good luck, ladies.
Came from nothin  I refuse 2 go back....
yes ma'am!
Your Love Never Fails JesusCulture Revelation Song KariJobe, Marvelous Light
Awkward eye contact in the hallway 
sorry.
That's as much as we know.
Like that it's coy though.
How do others deal with the sound of my voice?!?!?!
no the one thats usually there!
To be clear, I love our girls unconditionally.
And I love Family Trips, I spent my last bday with them.
Just not a vacation.
Early morning finance class with the devil.
I thought it was cute, reinforces the awshucksness of it all
hi Amy just wanted to say my wife and I love u.
My wife use to work for melrose coop bank.
She took care of grampa Carl
What if I posted a video every day this week on my main channel?
happy birthday
Have I ever told you how much I love my new laptop case?
The person who gave it to me is awesome.
You should meet her.
what's a couldawouldaplayer?
NBA guys who coulda been/woulda been HOF'ers if not for injury or circumstance
Happiness is the goal for all of us everyday.
If u have a bad day know someone is there for u.
When you want to vent I am there for U.
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
They have the video.
Omg lol
She sayin all the stuff I can fix.
But I ain't gon go offsides and mess up the play for something idk the result of...if that makes sense 
ah, but there is where we come apart.
Forca Barca!
Good Morning tweets, I just want to thank all my followers new and old and I really appreciate it!!!
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles per hour.
simply impossible to go wrong with shakespeare : you're in SFO atm, right?
what you up to?
Thx for fabulously chill last minute getaway!
Xoxo!
;
Hey all you Rascal Flatts fans..Just announced today they are desinging their own clothing line.
Keep u posted as to where they will be sold
RT : Very interesting keynote by Bart van Leeuwen...
firefighting  Semantic web.
12 hours of sleep and i almost feel like a normal person again.
going to be a functioning member of society now
Get my new camera this week D been waiting forevers
How did they even know the number?
Is it bad that I have a Texas song stuck in my head?
omg!
You wrote in Spanish!
but ..
I don't understand what you mean with Se amo numero uno lol
Makin momma so proud that she cryin.
Dear loud talker on quiet car: SHUT UP!!!!
Biyumbo  Ben Wallace?
are you calling my face awkward?
the idol singers?
IDGAF I JUST CAME TO PARTYY!
yup that's my life now c: just gonna have fun, thats all it takes to be satisfied c:!
Kick off SPRING BREAK and an SDSU WIN!
Specials Buy ANY UV Tan for 9.33!
5packs of Tans on SALE!
SDSU students get 30 OFF ANY one item!
Yes.
Let's get together soon.
When are you going to be in the area again?
DM me and let me know.
In the trainers office...
Could be more serious than I thought !
D:
Fingerprints like an album!
Every record that you do man, is so different in every way.
Jerry Cantrell
Pist of from last night......wtf
I think they put Panda tears in the food at Panda express, your always sad after eating that crap...
you did just fine...
LOL
barring injury or alien abduction, it's Yani wins vs anybody in win count.
Nice getting to hang with the Nana for a little bit today
Watching Now.
Way to go Sam.
Loved the video!
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
my sister better get home soon or shes gonna be in even more trouble ..
I'll never be with anyone so I think she needs to calm down
I'm doctornk and that's plenty interesting to me
forecast is for lots of traffic and asshole doctorvers today
I nearby declare that all further film sets I work on must have a masseuse on hand :p
edshow Romney has buckled under to several right wing groups/ individuals.
What makes anyone think he'll stand up for America?
BestRapperAlive .....
um....
Do you mean the people who write their lines for them?
Yep  see you there!
you know its true:
oh Jesus I'm soo exited!!!: I love you do much!!!!: 3333333
Use EDGEPUBLIC for this weekend's performances at Woodoctorff Park, see you before 6!
yes, I don't enjoy it...
hey, that could fun
The pain goes up the left  the right still and I don't know why

I believe having access to a persons page by friending is more than adequate.
Disclosing all handles on a resume is an option too.
oh no doubt, that would be illy
New Year, New Calendar, New Organization!
Hello from Colorado Firefighter Calendar, Inc.
Watch this evening's news for details.
Come on down to the Farm tomorrow for Thankful Thursdays, any two topshelf grams for a 30 donation.
Look forward to seeing you all.
Absolutely!
Watches are definitely Jewelry!
LOL, MY DAD YELLED AT ME BECAUSE I HAD SAYSOMETHIN TURNED ALL THE WAY UP WHEN HE WAS TRYING TO SLEEP.
IT WAS WORTH IT;
Few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
George Washington
REBEL u tweetin in science class bahah
I just wanna smoke weed and buy shoes!!!!
WE ARE CASTING...'Bored to Death 'an American comedy on HBO.
The show stars Ted Danson as George!
Call 2123914668
fox13gmm I also think its arriving on the queen...
I told you Twitter's bein' a queer !
I need to start running again.
Maybe we should do that.
lol I got bars but I don't serve doctornks
just na getting in the house, i had a wonderful night !
just wish he was here to tuck me in like he did before afterwards !
l0l mhmm
do I know this person?:
Ah you guys are gonna be amazing!!
Id rather have a team of stars lighting up the court, than one star carrying the team!
Feels good to smile again.:
How can a book topping the New York Times best seller list be not yet published?
Hey Leona Happy Belated Birthday to you.Douglass Gibran
Today  better than yesterday.
But still not great..
Bored  Goes to kitchen  Opens fridge  Looks inside  Leaves empty handed .
: ItsFunny your girlfriend's taller than you..
everyone is taller than me lol
are you international?
Foreign markets will eat you up....
No one better for me than you Danorush02, I will wait!!!!
Come back when you are done playing around and I will make you happy!!!
20ThingsAboutMe 10.
I'm such a boy, even though I'm not.
Looks like a girl, acts like a boy, that's pretty much me.
Need a better solution for your digital library/content management?
Send me an email.
We'd love to help!
The Kartrashains won best webseries at The New York International Film Fest!
Let's celebrate!!!
ikr...she gon be a beast when she get that age too...i know she is...
hot mouth 
flying back in an hour
when we put resource online, a million people can read it at same time  they don't have to compete for access.
Mention Twitter or FB  receive 15 off
Agreed about the full fat dairy.
It really does make a difference in the final results.
and he did just that!
made mistake of opening on iGadget.
My god your fingers could accidentally land ANYWHERE.
Will ck later on Big Girl computer
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Am you gay?
i would but i dont think you'll have any room with all the clothes lol
RT : Shouts outs to thanks Latrellhart
RT : RT : R.I.P to the 7 year old girl that was raped and found dead in a dumpster.
RT to say the same .
smh hal ...
Got it!
I'm running off to a picnic so I'll have to look at it later, but thanks!
Does Wegman's have no smallerscale urban model?
I've only been to them out in the country  wasn't impressed.
Alright I think they're ready for it...
They've been so good...
You ready?
you're Swag :P
Depression.
Cady is not here.
Got my daily email reminder from my fitness meal tracker website....while I was eating a cookie.
Women in the Virgin Islands are umm umm good
what you throwing 3K on?
lol
What color were you expecting?
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!!
need 2 know!!
Ask advice from everyone, even your customers.
I have an appointment with John Casablancas modeling and acting agency and just got back
Goal for 2010  Get a branded video.
Do you have yours yet?
OH FUCK HERE IT COMES.
quotes Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
have you ever tried a pimento burger?
I like the new speedy WR Travis Benjamin from Miami U
Some Ppl Abuse The Power They Have When They Kno Someone Loves Them..!!
u already know what's good
long time no see!
Who's making a resolution for 2012?
Tell us what you resolve to do in the New Year!
I want some Batman plugs!
:D
Do you see a fun carnival on Mira Mesa where the high school is?
That looks fun and hopefully the rain won't upset when it's begun.
I feel bad..
I've prayed for this moment to WITNESS these two on the same PUBLIC platform Get Ready, Ya'll!
Iron sharpeneth iron!
There are no extra pieces in the universe.
Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
So good seeing you this morning  and finally meeting Hazel!
She's just as cute as can be :
moviesstarrinbinlaaden Weekend at Barry's
doctorp everything now, meet me in the pouring rain, kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.
Taylor Swift
waiting patiently for WorldSeries game 7
HELL YES!
Roast of Charlie Sheen tonight!
Sorry 2.5 men...no ratings for you.
Started using Soul Cards to get spiritual messages instead of tarot.
intuition is stronger without the history.
does it work for you?
in the LALS class I was teaching
Yeah Kelly
Never underestimate the power of a FOLLOWUP call/email/text...
worst that can happen is that YOU MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN toward your goal.
i'm sorry that i accidentally hit you in your private parts yesterday 
you mean who isn't reading it!
Sucks staying up late everyone falls asleep on you,welp at least I got my country music
me neither
Who cares what straight people think?
already got Tix.
Look for us at the MJS Sports Show this weekend!
We're at the Outdoor Wisconsin booth.
And if it weren't for the Brits the pickings wouldn't be so grand.
raw10 the Eagles/Vick is whooping the Cowboys like theyr shaved head stepchildoctorn wit no Future...
Kind of miss my tweets but not enough to be sucked back in.
Carry on and do good!
no better place to practice your dance moves than Top Notch Bboy battle, today at Atlas Theatre H St
no sass in her courtroom mm m sassy finger wave
Did some1 say shenanigans?love those even if they require clean up   sumnermusolf
Thank you ;
Snowing in the big city...time for a movie, Truffle Popcorn and bubbly!
GOT MY TICKETS GOT MY TICKETS GOT MY TICKETS.
That gurl doctorpped me off at work really early and now Idk what ii do till the time cuz i board
I don't care how fucking annoying it is.
I am about I add yolo to the end of every sentence just because I fucking can.
J.R.
Smith in South Beach with no basketball left to be played.
Do I have to say anything else?
I wasn't felling my best today.
I've been up since 2:30am and I didn't eat.
It showed in the road race
men don't notice what they got.
and women think of that alot.
There will be a few tshwrs around today, most southeast.
I feel so left out having not read the book....
tear LOL!
I feel like one of the people in Left Behind that gets left behind.
whyamistillhere?!
Great Hal!
RT : Ok...I just signed up for my invitation to Bublish!
Lower 40 hitting the stage tonight, with our Thunder storming LA in game 3..
Come root them on, game starts at 930!
You can tell she's a good dancer by the way she doctornks her soda pop.
Doesen't count: that was hiring within ;
We'll give this new TCM doc a look.
It airs tonite at 8 ET....
NP thats what we are here for
The LA Flood Project locative writers have chosen a name: LAinundacion!
got a record for u brother!
My lovers name is sleep and I get some every night.
;
Steve Christie of the BuffaloBills chatting with us now on
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Marcel Proust
It's not not wrong to take your mom to a casino on mothers day right?
Oops.
Rotchild is in the studio tonight....
You wouldnt believe your ears....
Be on the lookout for Rm12's first collab mixtape due late march....
Henderson is actually a decent right back
Congrats to for a fantastic year!
Extra special props to !
You're amazing!
thank ya ma'am.
hope it wasnt you causing them blackouts at the SF/PIT game, hahaha
Making cash moneys tonight
8 mile movie tonight.
If Tiger Woods has to lose his sponsors and walk away from job because of his PERSONAL marital issues
Kinda feel bad for the Mavs...they gave us a lot of memories from last year
Press conference at 1pm, wonder if Elway/Fox/Manning will be in the building at 5:30pm when I'm there for the tour???
i would of cried waving bye smh
I'm going to be on vacation until Sunday.
What are you up to and planning?
doctorpped it on the street : I'm like fucking devastated
it's so cold in my house.
time to break out 's comfy notre dame hoodie :
4sq day is nice and all, but it doesn't help the mw2012 hangover for me.
Come on people....
Fat is NOT I repeat NOT SEXY!!
Cover it up!
Lovely spring day we're having...
Our pleasure!
.
house on an all out assault on the health and wellbeing of women and families in america
follow me kidd!
i can't wait for the teen choice awards im all ready got my doctorss and cameron and twitter!
:' mmhm im all ready sunday babe
Traffic sucks ass
have to give a presentation on Sat.
Haven't yet written it.
Working on digital history project instead.
Much more fun!
Even blind people can see my swag
Can't believe there is still a phonebooth!
RT : There are two tickets for the show in NYC tonight in a phone booth at the ...
Ha.
: If she ain't BMW material, don't put milk in her cereal
What were some cool, unique or funny costumes you saw over Halloween?
that place is YUMCITY
I have to listen to it a bajillion time a day :P I remember being obsessed with Party Rock Anthem during guard season haha
Floggings.
Work faster!
Picking romney over Ron Paul is like a 50 mil bet on Tonya Harding in a fight against Anderson Silva; or like putting make on zoo animals
whats good bro
okay that's cool, just let me know when
APUSH test Friday
you too :
RT Sen.
Nan Rich: I much prefer to be a champion of the middle class than the insurance industry.
Don't skimp on lasagna, the best meal ever thought of .....
Ever!!!
Wow!
You HATE me?!
Wait.
.
.
Who are you again?
Hi Janet!
I'm moving to Carlsbad next week, maybe I'll meet you at SdoctorA.
I'm thinking of trying it out.
With Orange County now.
Good morning lovely and the same to you:!
A merger of IGNUGO is being considered?!
Just preordered 's The Shape of Design!
NO.
You don't.
trust me.
It will end in tears.
Yes, some are.
will sit in right field, throw underoos at
I text in the shower.
That's probably why my phone is so fuckered up
lmao.
i thought that too
Getting ready for the Linkage Fee hearing.
Hoping Friday's terrible jobs report weighs heavily on council before increasing this jobs tax!
and YES!
Measurements are vastly more useful than having to try to figure out what they consider a size to be.
20 years ago today I lost my dad but my orioles are keeping me cheered up today.
All my loyalty is paying off.
Finally.
Kind of creepy that Gmail noticed I used the word attached w/o having an attachment and asked if it was a mistake.
ASTD2012 good is the enemy of great  Jim Collins
Cops are everywhere right now.
Don't speed.
Or tweet while doctorving, like I am.
Good luck Lobos.
RT : it should be a really good game
Wednesday?
It's kind of a weekly deal.
My neos are OWT!!!
Congratulations to my Spring 12' Delta Zeta women of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc!!!
Very long and tiring weekend.
Still trying to let yesterday settle in.
Thanks Jeremy!
We know Jackie will do great!
How long have you been a Fit2Go customer?
I have already submitted yours a few times because you're a beast.
The man who has no imagination has no wings
re: cheer for the underdog
Back on the code wagon.
Via BlendedLearning is f2f enhanced online course.
Can be best/worst of both worlds.
Reading a fun book  doctornking a beer with the on in the background.
sigh :
Hey Guys!
Thanks for Liking the Page make sure you guys stay tuned so you can see all the fun things we've up too!
WTF HAPPENED GUYS
Bought a pair of child's XL shorts instead of an adult size and saved myself 10
lol.
I hope u can live with yourself through the day
D.
Willis has ALWAYS been a better NL pitcher than AL this would be worth a shot...
don't trade prospects for him just Suppan
You can now texttogive to Christel House!
Donate 10 by texting HANDS to 20222.
100 goes to the kids!
RT to spread the word!
why are you rooting for Chelsea?
Seriously?
lmao at Ohio St
idk how true this is for me lol : Leos are the first to admit when they doctornk, cause they usually in control
WhatBrightensUpMyDay When you can truly convince me that I am beautiful.
U Gunna b hater cuzz you can't find a bettA job
ha.
Nice to meet you as well.
It was a fun evening.
Harden shouldn't be playing, especially with a headache.
women do to ma
Very true.
RT : Teen Wolf RT : When's the last time someone had a stat line like Rondo's today?
I need answers.
I hope so!
I doubt the cast will be intact though.
Thinking Meredith will stay in Seattle, but Christina won't.
Like us on FB and see our latest Broadway by the Year pics!
Hey Kim where you been?
How's Toronto?
Spring I hope.
God...
who's the heifer that just ate 3 donuts!
No matter how strong a person says that they are, they are fragile when it comes to their heart3
Our website is currently down.
Please feel free to contact us at 404 523 2739.
.RT : Green jobs are good jobs!
See jobs21 and for more on good green paychecks.
I have faith that everything happens for a reason and that before I notice, this too shall pass.
I follows back lol
RT : CUNY TowKnight Center opening, Google's Marissa Mayer share 3 core operating principles: transparency, choice and control.
May potluck?
Looking forward to it!
Looks like the Louisville 2nd half strategy is
Layin down , with my doggy ;
What the fuck are you even talking about..
oh yea buddy
Somebody throwing hands in the Carter.
luv a girl that can cook ...
FF follow the genital wart on the dick head of humanity
repeat and wash!!!!
: How do you fall out of a car though?
open the door
thanks for this wonderful quote from Maurice Sendak.
FBLT  Distributor of Decorative  Industrial Plastic Sheets, Robs, Tubes,  Clear Plastic Hurricane Shutters ...
I know and she is so proud of you...
SN: she changed mine too :
Wow that's awesome, I can't see a thing!
Great dinner and bar experience tonight.
Thanks Alex for a wonderful experience.
Coming off yesterday's 93 win over Atlanta, Pirates play St.
Louis tonight 8:15 ...
: what do you have going on today?
I'm playing nba2k11 my player
Good morning!
Have a great day!
LaLo!!
I'm learning how to use this Shit!!
LoL
One of my favorites: Super Sad True Love Story by Gary Shteyngart, about a future your students are living.
Doesn't a piece of Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake sound great?
Stop by Firehook Bakery and enjoy a piece of heaven today!
Then listen on the computer.
indeed, but we're out of oj
An insightful series by a wonderfully savvy teacher On Data Series finished!
bit.ly/qOnrDq
Have a safe flight :
You will never find time for anything.
If you want time, you must make it.
Charles Buxton
JUST BE CAME KING LOL TXT IT!!!!!
Theonetimeintheatreclass Hahah
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is a great way for businesses to keep clients up to date  to build a client experience
Think strong and bold when it comes to your goals and never mind haters you have what it takes to create the life that you want to live.
Summer, Can you please come a little faster?
It's a miracle: I'm on the bus on the way to work before 9am.
So naturally the bus just broke.
So many union members aren't in line with union bosses.
It's like they need a union to protect them from their union.
My Body Is Ready For Boyfriend Video
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food
Thanks!
Everything worked out!
icantlivewithout MY COMPUTER!!
Another officerinvolved shooting this time Salem.
Both a Woodburn policeman and suspect shot.
Both should be OK.
Still many questions
Apparently Vince Young will be the next JP Losman...
I haven't seen WSS since I was a kid.
Liked it then.
Might have to watch it again.
Whatever you want  go for it.
Just be certain that you have God's covering.
Because with that assurance, you will hit the mark each time.
Whew...
Our email service has been restored!
Thanks for your patience.
Trivia tonight at 7 And Franconia pint night!
VIVO searchlight will mine Web publications and show you individuals with similar expertise  simplifies your Web presence
I'm following them now lol XP
I'm definitely gonna be seeing you in Fay!
:
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
Now I'm not one to brag, but this sopa de pollo y pozole I made for the mexicancookoff today is amazing.
Agreed!
Plenty of H2O is essential!
: Playing some madden with my guy joe mendohunter told me u suck.
:  are right!
There's nothing like the beauty and magic of Hana, Maui.
But hey, we might be biased.
GET 50 OFF today!!!
USE code CLE50 at check out!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
RT : Gov.
Tomisterdge: Investing in the IntlBudget is in our economic interests.
It's in our interest to be engaged in the world.
Worried that goats are missing him while he's in Vegas
u welcome
There is an opera singer on my floor at the hotel who practices in the mornings.
Need new texting buddies!
Anyone?
Flying to Kc for my pops birthday.
He don't even know yet
Ha ha!!!
That's wassup!!
Had a lot of fun being part of tonigh's iaawest panel, thanks for having me!
Starting off on scout is a good way to move up!
I always wanted a brother to have a beer with.
Only boy here but my sister is a big ol lesbian, does that count?
how is that depressing?
more them 40 of people who jump the hoan and hit the water survive...just hope you don't get stuck in the mud
Up in the Big Studio Grinding with were about to heat this summer up
Sierra Club calls on Rockefeller to stop coal ash amendment  State Journal
THANK YOU!
:
Just scored a great interview with on the Obama gay marriage announcement...
post TK!!
Sen Leising  needs to be a better way to punish students than a free vacation
I am ready for some
Whoo!
Just like that Day One of SDCChi is over.
Looking forward to tomorrow!
Training can absolutely help the bottom line.
The trick is having that mindset when designing training programs.
is speaking the truth right now
is on a twitter rampage!!!
Maybe the mouse needed it more than you?
I guess that means it is time to take my food home every day, huh?
Turn to your local PBS station and see some of out skaters live on tv!
my family is too sweet
pizza's never a good choice if you wanna stay fit tho :P
hey fluffy vato I kno a place for some bomb azz Tacos when ur here in Denver ill buy just hit me up
Central Coast Marathon: Course PB  A OneLive Cat39;s Life
that shirt is super cute!
AKapproved :
Are there any cloudcomputing technologies you or your company are using?
Ok so we've retweeted a lot of great resources and info on school uniforms, tell us what you think?
Coupons coming soon!
strech before you get down..
s Duh
Thanks, Lyne.
Hope you're doing well.
I'm going to miss you guys in CA this year!
CSI39;s New Program Opens New Possibilities in Baking and Pastry Arts
Happy New Year to all of my old friends and all of my new ones.
Thanks for a great year!
On to 2012, because it is going to be INCREDIBLE!
there was a word blank section, the little math part, and then you just had to say whether the things decreased or increased!
Staff pet portraits this morning for part of a Public Engagement project.
Many cute dogs.
Word is a hamster is on the way.
Shuffle board gets nasty?
RT Santorum just said the shuffle board game is getting nasty now
it's too early for these sex chat commercials..moms coming downstairs thinkn I'm watching porn lol
Smokin weed makes the pain go away
i need a twitter friend to..so hi
WeAllNeed alone time with chocolate
Looks killer!
What are hammer strength though?
Would have been cool to see!
: Jennerstown WAS a sweet dirt track until about 1987 HomeTrack
lucky so where do u live?
The first ever AnthonyShadid award for Journalism Ethics will be given out at the end of an outstanding uwethics conference.
LMAO!
You should see him on the high dive!
Don't judge my journey until you've walked my path
I'd do anything to make you feel my love.
Done with work.
doctornks with good friends.
Hey!
New acct.
hope you're having a great time w/fam in NJ!
Representing the EliteHoopsfam well in every workout is LivingByNumbers obsessed
Anybody out there get to see the Supermoon or any moon at all last night?
Nothing but clouds here.
What a crazy morning.
I want a doover!
Starting w/ a breakfast from SUBWAY.
How are you all?
Whoa I suddenly became R E A L L Y  T I R E D
Sure, please email Yu Sze at the School of Management at this email: ysang nyit edu.
Hope that helps...best of luck!
Jobless claims are at the lowest levels in 4 years and the SP closed at the highest level in 4 years.
The Marq Tonight.
5th n Congress.
I Hit the decks at 10p.m.
See you there.
misterSean Hannity, you are dispicable.
Im a Constitutional conservative in support of the Occupy Movement
At some point in between now and Saturday morning, need to get out and find a pair of tennis sneakers that fit; current pair is shredded.
Mojo's World is waiting for YOU!!!!
:
I got your cd today woohoo
where did u buy that?!
and lots of fun and shenanigans will commence.
:
I would like to sit down and talk to you more about your efforts in Baltimore City.
Can you DM your email?
Love how puts it all out there ha ha
How do you  IT followers of ours  find product and marketing content that is relevant to you  your purchase timeframe?
How can we help?!
the suits in NC are a bunch of punks...
they been hating on us for years.
Let's go somewhere else.
Thanks for your support!
We appreciate it.
I will be posting the interview from this morning later this afternoon!
Thanks for coming on, Arthur!
Very sad Vincent D'Onofrio  others not returning for LawOrder:CI.
Loved that character.
Golblum will have to step up or jump the shark
I was also concerned when I first saw Up.
But at least they got the sad part out of the way early.
Hm, I need a cuddle x
I am bro, the heat will win, watch.
Like its kindoctord, the pickle.
Except this was a fullsize cucumber.
How is Young fitting in with the Coogs?
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate them forgive your enemies bt never forget their names
Om have mercy save me from the public.
This has been one crazy day in the CR.
Computers full, kid needing help w/ science project  GAH!
Day of Silence was pretty good
I will never say never Um ok how many times are you gonna say never before you stop saying never ???
Go Follow ASAP teamblackhouse
Yay!
Thanks for the follow : I'll start juggling, yes sir!
Time for a doctornk too.Yes I can juggle while doctornking.
Everyone go follow and get her to 36k!3 :
Well looks like David Ortiz was on the Juice too.
Damn.
Maybe everyone will give him a free ride like Manny.
Thanks for the mention!
I love late research papers.
Is it Friday yet?
weird...and pretty amazing.
who could be friends w/ that guy and not say...shave ur brows yo!
I like this pic of you.
Very Pretty.
Just submitted my proposal for saa12's Student Poster Session.
Keep your fingers crossed for me!
doyouhearthatarchivesgods?
idk I was hoping we could hang out someplace fun  if you could wear your batman tshirt; 3
He who is professorcient is learning, but deficient in morals, is more deficient than professorcient.
yay, back at you:
Baby's soccer game again tonight!
4 ppl re: China  Chen when U say this is a sad day 4 freedom do U recant UR wishes 4 Cuba 2 return AssataShakur?
I'm sure you aren't surprised that Kris Humphries  Kim Kardashian are divorcing but are you surprised Kim is the one filing for divorce?
great movie..
Devil Wears Prada...
We hope everyone has been staying warm this winter!
Love you guys!!
Ouch!
I think it likes the lavender scented candle I light in my office.
So Justin hit a paparazzi with his book bag for interrupting his convo with a fan?
Hfinwloknfhfjb NEVER MESS WITH BIEBS.;
ass beating?
:
if anything you were mean to me /333 but thank you for that tweet main that was nice .
lol guess what's on tomorrows list lol
I CANT STOP SHAKING OMG 35 MORE MINUTES
Do you believe in unicorns ?
How do you feel about penguins ?
Ohh and Kangeroos ???
:p
WordPress Tools AWSOM Pixgallery  Designed to allow artists and webcomic creators to create a portfolio of their artwork.
You never realize how much you love someone until they're actually gone.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
fell asleep on me...
What a girlfriend...
nice meeting you too!
Im gonna check out your stuff for sure!
Insanity day 2  dead!
Tempted by the fruit of another..
Reserve  Small Batch Wines are Open Today at Grove!
Reserve Chard, Ensemble, Syrah, Malbec, etc.
can b tasted 4 price of regular tasting.
Hey girl!
You've got our support, We're a producing company.
I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Trust your husband, adore your husband, and get as much as you can in your own name.
Joan Rivers
Postponing a fight is not abandoning it.
Progressives have become complacent, naive.
Hey Tori.
can you by chance email me?
I need to ask u something.
Next time I'm just going to answer  go off
where dem based boys
you got an amazing voice :
This is a fact.
RT : Men with long hair typically have better style.
asdfghjkldsx i get to see my girlfriend tomorrow!
we're going to firewheel!
:
It's May when are you coming here ?!
My dad just had the WORST voice crack ever!
Hahahaaaahahahah
We've got a running clock here, heading to the 4th: Arapahoe 12, Monarch 0 in the boys lax quarters.
Grand Rapids  I love doctornking all your PBR
SYNC at 10.52 after hours...
dammit, should've held my position at 9.57...
oh well.
It's on my watchlist for tomorrow for sure!
Don't tell anyone I pay you to say these nice things.
:
I love you, everythings gonna be alright :,
She can't see the way your eyes light up when you smile.
pineapple, pear, lime or same recipe but add kale
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
The female brain is much more adept at reading the emotions and expressions of others
You're welcome friend!
Didn't want to leave you out ;
Good Morning!
Yesterday was a beautiful day!
Planted Spinach in greenhouse  trimmed plants in butterfly garden.
Today is beautiful too!
the enemy hates the LIGHT.
BLESSED ARE YE WHEN YOU ARE PERSECUTED FOR GOD'S SAKE.
I loved that book!
Great choice.
here I always thought I was cool cause I knew it.
thanks for bursting my bubble.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you
Good to have ya back RT : Feels good to be back in BBN!
Hm.
I love Bryant Park  summer movies  concerts!
But I LOVE Brooklyn Bridge.
The bridge is stationary poetry.:
A Man's Heart Plans His Ways, But The Lord Directs His Steps.
Proverbs 16:9
I have You're A Jerk stuck in my head!
Ok.
This is set up for all my clients to log workouts and general questions.
But the games gonna start and gotta watch my packers kick butt!
Hope you stayed till the end
COOL  that will keep the Cops in DC busy as many from ADAPT were arrested in the Cannon Bldg.
Some days you just wake up and ask yourself where the hell did I leave my cape?
: Just tried the pork belly AND jerk chicken at baoPDX...
So juicy and tender.
Keep it coming !
thank you, sir!
I mean, he wrote Moments, which makes me want to cry my eyes out, which I mean in the best way possible.
Wishing everyone safe travels home from NOLA and sla2010!
Congrats on becoming Communications Vice President!
transitiontime :
Darby lived up here in Indy for a few years while her hubby finished med school.
Went to my church!
:
is amazing.
But oi.
The gift shop  dangerous.
that's the spirt!
:D
you are slippin on the recruiting, no lie.
plane ticket on me, guest bedoctorom open?
doctorssed in all black today.
Sitting here bu ashley.
I love u
LOL why you jumping around?
:L
Scary harbinger for my paper in 2 hours: Pages autocorrected digital pedagogy to digitalis agh.
Should I just give up now?
beenThere  : The awkward moment when you say good night on twitter but don't stop tweeting.
: you can't hate me because everybody loves me
Thanks lady.
hairs to you Lisa Shrigley
miss my brother.
Tending Topic Chief Keef Ft Soulja boy
Here we go Jet
wait until you see JT diving save last night.
I look forward to your tweets!
Yes, please come by and check us out.
In addition to facials and waxing, we offer nail care too!
im like on some excitement ish like they my lil bros...
Chillin bouta get in traffic, wit Mamiv an Ms.Chocolate doctorp Leah lmao!
What are y'all doin???
Thank you for introducing me to Clementine paints!
Sigal loves them
i just really love when you ignore me..
unless it strikes you
For media.
Fox sports will have on net.
OMG!
just blocked a 3 being shot by...A SEVEN FOOTER!!!
WOW!!!
Madison Public Library Video Game Championship TONIGHT  Goodman Community Center!
Come cheer on all the great Teen Participants!!
Your face is just fine, but you might want to put a bag over that personality.
Wow!!
Tweet the NYT link when it's out!
Bones Jones real deal
Heading to PHX in the AM.
Ready to do work style with San Diego's Newest TeamCREW's team mate Jessica R!
Just signed up for a floral trends class at Phipps Conservatory!
TT This makes me so sad.
RT : Way too many women in paris wear uggs
Our Mission is to be a leader in the fight against breast cancer while providing the highest quality nutritional supplements.
hmm not your average sighting downtown...
I'm sure it has already reproduced by now, and there's millions of them in our house!
That's Chinese people, not spiders.
xDDD
Live Nation39;s KickAss Concert Calendar Recommends You Gigs ...
I'm glad u beat Natasha up and I still got the video that you wanted me to record that's what u get natasha u fucking bitch
Bro thanks a lot for last night!
We owe you big time!
everyone hates fanny pak jesus
RT: Tomorrow's mediachat guest is and topic will be SM from a
does this defining silence mean nothing to no one but me
oh aiat this is why i love you XD 3
March is Natl Athletic Trainer Month.
has 62 serving many D1 schools in bball.
Can u use them for tourney?
Merry Christmas to you!
I have to admit that I miss having snow on the ground today...
Merry Christmas.
wondering if you could help market our one chance initiative apparel.
WWW.brotherapparel.com
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Smokin a fat one watchin Avengers
EVERYONE LOVE SOMEONE.
posting a million different statuses when it rains ONE day .
Listening to The Shins new album streaming in iTunes.
LOL my phone broke
Im waiting for you to tweet the link for your music vidoe!: WhatsTheHoldUp ?
: lol 33 follow me?
Of course!
You don't have to worry bout the doctorss tho ;
Sun going down.
Birds singing songs of thanks for the end of a scorching day.
If I could sing, I'd join them...
There is still time to enjoy get your ticket to the BINGO extravaganza!
Up to 2,450 in prizes.
You may even see Peter Cottontail come...
Great connecting with city/county managers at ICMA Annual Conference.
ALA is at Booth 731, and I'm presenting tomorrow p.m.
Officially on vacation!
RIP Adam Yauch :
Hope to see you soon!
: RT : i could go for some in northside right about now!
Yum!
doctorNK PLENTY OF FLUIDS
Totally agree.
Tomorrow starts the jump off to the new night Lost Leaf!!!
The Rewind I'll post more info when I get to a comp!!!
hey im so bored im at my dads and hes at work till 7:30 tomarrow so im like here alone
Yup RT : Or in flushing!
I ain't rude I'm real!
my doctorid twitter app says I'm similar to you....
I don't get it
hates...
No...
Loathes being sick!
At least Im home and not at school...
But still being sick stinks!
: go red sox!!
Yuck i hate them more then any other team in the league
Our office got that memo.
Bubble wrap everywhere!
: Bubble wrap was originally designed to be used as wallpaper.
MLM News!
ZeekRewards
The expose on the attendance record of and makes the paper sound like an organ of the local GOP.
soy cheese?
I am intrigued
Switching to Google?
No character limit.
Thanks for the awesome service and produce.
And with that: end kvell.
:
PopUp Dinner Winter Spirits coming soon....
FBCD breakout ALERT!!!
Hey will, how's it going?
Batten down the hatches next month
Hey you know it's National Pretzel Day??
LOL.
Take care of my boy in
there are 75k sq ft of old streetcar tunnels under dupont circle.
no one really knows what to do with them.
any ideas?
THIS SUNDAY THE HOTTEST COLLEGE PARTIES!
XCLUSIVE SUPERSTAR ENT.
LADIES FREE TO 10:30!
To truly be able to give to others you must first be able to give to yourself!
Taking my son to his wheelchair basketball game this evening in Southfield, Michigan.
GO THUNDERBIRD!
Looks like I may never see my old house again!
Gonna be moving my grandma to Katy, and I don't get to doctorve by it when seeing my sb frenz
Be successful because you deserve it!
yes I think I have!
thanks!!
It would look good on a new mb pro!
How'd the taping go?
Happy Womb Liberation Anniversary Celebration!!!
Thank you.
So far so good!
damn yo I'm not that g status.
I got a Christmas charity event I gotta play on Friday.
I'm Bleeding All Over The Place...Somebody Help Me
i know this is alot to ask but can you follow me back?
please xx
And thus concludes my four month Twitter hiatus.
I am like the biggest smartass on twitter yet still not famous!
It's a sad and dirty story ;
what?
link?
Or worse yet, Detroit.
Moms  dads, want to give your young athletes a leg up against the competition, let the pros at Flo Fusion Fitness get them there
Thanks for the followfriday shoutout last week.
We're always glad to make connections with Oregon artists.
Have a great week
how can I get a replacement if I lost mine?
Down to a couple weeks before I ship to basic!
If you wanna see me before I leave, hit me up!
jesusShuttlesworth RT : Ray Allen looks Exactly like he did 15 yrs ago Lol
A book, tight shut, is but a block of paper.
Chinese proverb
I want an ass job RT : I WANT A FUCKING BOOB JOB :
Gotta get some new pillows...
laying down in bed with my dog just relaxing :
Thanks for the follow!
:
Im not trying to hate on Belibers but some, notice i said SOME, of you need to SIT /
Yay!
Maddy's taking a nap.
Probably going to give my stinky dog a bath.
Lol!
He said; Ya grandma gotta tooth in her booty.
lmao!
you haven't melted in this year's summer heat?
Catch me tomorrow night from 11:30pm to 1:30am spinning at Relay for Life at !
Come show support!
Here is how to win a autograph!
Send a picture of where you would hang up the autograph if you win.
Contest ends at 7pm
yeah, you're probably right.
:p shrugs oh well.
awww hi to babes!
Have fun and yes, let's def get together soon...for REAL xoxo
RT How to write: 1 Put ideas on paper.
2 Remove boring parts.
3 Repeat as necessary.
CRJ had a great time at 's Celebration for Kids this Saturday night!
Great event RRFK!
then we could go to the woods n get caught by a bear.
: Michelle Tafoya just asked Urban Meyer,What's going on in your heart and in your head right now?
now that's funny!
Thanks, Attila!
I appreciate the RT.
Catch ya tomorrow!
Oh yeah, I'm just ROLLING in dough.
Against Me!, Tom Gabel
5 pg paper due in and 1 1/2 hrs and I'm on page 3, but I know how to change the period font so I ain't worried.
I somehow end up seeing the lucky one again....
i think Blaise is knocking woods planks out of the fence to speak with the neighbors and their pooches...funny
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
It's more furniture being moved around...we're getting there, though!
I did a lot of work on books last week.
:
Oprah's OWN network has lost 330 Million, expected to be axed within year...
The Obama Effect?
So all those morning of throwing up the pains in my tummy, yep I'm prego, what's weird is I was still having my period
Knowledge is learning something every day.
Wisdom is letting go of something every day  Zen Proverb
I'm just gonna back down.
Ya know?
Stop trying  see if you'll step up  text me like you used to.
I mean I had surgery  felt like crap and
Happy Valentines Day everyone :3  Ryon
it's my birthday and I would love a happy birthday from you 3
: Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!
thank you Melvin quite the honor
This Spanish essay is hardest.
...but my brain knows better.
it picks you up and turns you around.

the crib chillin wit the mommzzzzzzzz
Words have creative power  What have you created today?
as it should!
A bitch nigga I don't like...
Lots of things misses about space, including the beautiful view of earth and seeing thunderstorms from above.
belly just said  I LOVE YOU TOO MUM YAY YAY YAY!
so proud of my big girl!
greatest feeling ever hearing your baby tell you she loves you:
idk if I approve either....I'm having nice emotions about this....

awesome choice of bands for Opening Party at for
Cheers!
RT : Our MT friends this week!
Good to know.
Was thinking of trying tumblr out but maybe not.
Best threat!
I don't wish you death, I wish you a hundoctord million Renee's in your life.
I love u so much!!!
Please come back to VA we miss u so much 3
Modern Home Tours Returns To Denver
Enjoying New Orleans and its French Quarter and the shops on Canal!
jeggings as formalware at Helen Hayes?
Ironic pants worn ironically?
funny you should say that.
after a page by page perusal last night, orange cake is at the top of my list!
When there is no one on the dance floor maybe its time to change it up a lil hint hint!!
Omg so bored my cuzins r so interesting in playing Football out side!
Should i go play football with them!?
I hope Brittany Davis made the cut!!
Making the painful journey back home.
So very tired.
hibiscus cured duck breast and more!
On our way to the CB Grand Opening party!
This creepy person is texting me and their saying its you...
is it?
lol
We are going to have a food tasting at Absolute Results Gym on Jan.
21, 2012 from 2pm5pm.
3520 Pan American Frwy NE Ste.
E.
We will be back open tomorrow!!
Hope everyone is having a great New Years day!
This kid...
Struggles with control but a good pick up.
Was a starter on 2007 Rockies WS team.
Set up guy.
New phone!!
Ughh finally!
Strong move from puts the Clippers back up by 1
follow me and direct message me your 
Do you ever get on skype?
Lol
where is it taking place?
Almost finished for today.
stupid autocorrect..
.
no!
I fell off my bed!
u didnt follow me yet..
:
I think they did
We are.
We went to national train day event in Cary, and then took my mom out to lunch at Mimi's Cafe.
It was good.
Whoa what an amazing 24 course meal!
soon!
We're working on not only getting all the designs but all the stuff to actually stock it with.
But it'll be ready soon
New mixtape coming soon, Producers please send some fire to
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
thanks for the follow!
Rutgers is one of my continuing and professorssional education clients, love working w/ your institution!
Loving TRX training!!
I wish I had the idea for your cousin Cop to tweet from Carlyle back in the day.
brilliant!
Adv nitrox completed.
Feels pretty good.
Much thanks to and we had a blast.
Now on to deco next week bad a
It's a Pioneer Square rite of passage.
Go once, and never again.
Cool!
Thanks for checking it out!
it was fun.
I got a hot date with tonight.
Who's jealous?!?
Huh?
We only talk in class.
NOT outside of class or school.
Fcat fried my brain today
FAB Friday's Up.
Live music w/Todd Tijerina, FREE taco bar and doctornk specials from 5:308:30.
DJ 12 Tribe from 9close.
Hip Hop, RB
Prepping for our March newsletter.
Have some great new offerings on the way.
Stay tuned!
Can't wait till I can afford a PA.
is already hired at that point.
3
Better check urself before u wreck urself
Just go my check and its GONE already!
:
Got to plan this rbkids event
Painting my nails .
Cheerleading was so tough tonight !
But fun at the same time , 
Woah u have 15K followers!
I remember when u had like 2K!!!
:o congrats3
DAMN HOT HOT HOT
Why is it Sunday already 
Lost for words.
Who cares anyways?
Heading back to bed.
ONLY THE STRONG MAKE IT!
Wait, I have a serious question.
Are futon mattresses full of LEAD?
Ck our fb page  captainon a fan photo!
Clever, funny, positive caps could win a VIP pass to the relay on.fb.me/n3rv3v Have fun!!
:
Tonight was disappointing, but I guess tomorrows another day.
Good time at the Rangers game, I am tired though!!!!
Going to work last night and working out this morning have me worn out!!!
That awkward moment when your brother twerks better than a black girl.
Um..
TIF bonds are between 2025 years and will be paid off before TIF districts expire.
The Grizzlies trailed by 8 early in the fourth quarter.
They made a 122 run and came back and beat the Clippers 9088 to force Game 7.
Always keep your mind focused on the great beauty you provide in your mind body and spirit.
lol I know but it depends on the type of mother you got!
A cool one or a stuck up one.
When your sincere in your Prayers it does come true.
Okai Haiti
:P Sure.
God Night!
:D
Energizer sucks...
I broke my last phone my nigg and i had to get a new one, but its all gravy.
The new numba iz 210 730 0456.
hit me up bro.
Seeing this century  Carter hulsey on Saturday :
accepting submissions soon!
Stay tuned for details!
Let's go to the HackStore!
:
ITS RAINING AND I WANNA LAY UP
Rob Carrick39;s Reader: An investing pro worries about housing
what do you got?
preds with the goal to take the lead!
not sure of the rotation, maybe fall or early winter?
Imperial Debris and Archival Labor; her new book.
Complex and brilliant; I made lots of sketchy notes but difficult to tweet!
tx so much!!
have a gr8t weekend!
HeatNation I want something bigger
twitter food trucks?
A blend of original, traditional and contemporary string music www.daveandsteveduo.com
Nancy Grace rightfully asks why test strappy heels for soil from burial site.
In any other case, no way.
Here, you just never know.
Mos def lil bro.
Im very proud of u.
Keep up the good work.
GOD bless.
100
Giving out my last invitations today.:
now yer making me blush...
:
Excited!
Beach today, Wendsday, Graduation...
Don't want to think of the sad thing that comes rigt afterthough :/ Anyway 2010!
Woo!
: Blows a kiss at and  You both just turned all of the men and horny girl on.
Uh, yep!
X
Mom's home safe and sound!
Follow me on instagram!
:
Fidel Castro???
You mean Raul..?
Never judge, might even join you.
Come here.
See the midnight show w/me and a Trekkie to rival
today is askavocalist and I guess I could answer some of the questions...
maybe jump in if time permits!
neverwilliEVER work another double on a Sunday
Scandal, it's my new fave tv show!
Best Friday night OnDemand unwinder ever.
Kerry Washington is boss!
What's better to sell things on?
eBay or Amazon?
and why?
Just got done getting some canvases prepared for boys and girls clubs art workshops next week
just a reminder that we are CLOSED for a wedding today!
But we will be ready for you at brunch or Sunday Supper tomorrow!
New song ft cap1 racks n bands tune in
No Netflix in Germany is seriously cramping my style, man.
So pretty!
Tonight's the NetworkEvent  can't wait to celebrate the DC Jewish community w/  Ben  Jerrys cofounfer.
DM me 2 meet.
RT Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams
A real winner is someone that doesn't give up...
even when it feels like they are losing...
Bored.....somebody entertain me plz
Write a howto on formatting for Smashwords, then you'll have accomplished what even Mark Coker cannot.
:
Chris sent me the bottle as a gift.
Perez wasn't that funny on glee...and yes he does look like Frankenberry.
Is that cyberbullying?
thank you!
And it doesn't matter.
:3
Doing well!
D
wish i was at yo mama's house
It was Rodney who brought that thunder awesome game Rays Nation!!!
Salute!!
Since the moment I meet u I feel in love ..
The kiss u gave make me go in a spell 
Hate that especially when I call and they say,Well, we were kinda tired today.
Too tired to pick up the phone?
BGC Reunion Pt.2 and I'm now seeing it
We think everyone owes themselves a visit to you guys!
Thanks for being such a great piece of history.
Sweet Corn Custard with a saute of shrimp, yellow corn and apple smoked bacon with a smoked tomato beurre blanc is the app special tonight!
Postlunch discussion with coworkers: The Avengers, asparagus  canned PBJ sandwiches
Kashi..
it all tastes like cardboard.
Hey pretty lady
Walla Walla Washington
I cant believe I did that shit lol
Thank you to all of my card sorting participants, the information architecture for my portfolio site is done :
woot!
now let's just hope it can stay that way until about mid June.
;
Tummy ache.
High expectations are the key to everything.
Sam Walton
bless you !
Really likin m.ward lately
replacebooktitleswithbacon Last Exit to Bacon
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
Funny how at this time of year the days quickly change from being being hot with cold periods to cold with hot periods
that's badass lol wear a lot of sun block :
Championship week in Las Vegas: WCC Tourney Final tonight, WAC and MWC tourney's start later in the week.
If anyone asks, I have no idea what happened to Ms.
Sych's classroom
no problem!
Don't use your voice to perpetuate detrimental bull shit to other people, unless you warn them that that's what you're about to do.
Howard's Business Report: Christine Sakuda  Howard talks with the Executive Director of Hawaii Health Information Exchan
Oddly, Dawson Co.
Principal Bailey Pope says he didn't expect this topic today.
There's a packed house here only for jobs conversation.
Killing that Koevermans not more dynamic.
Sure, he's opportunistic but offers little else.
Might work out best he's out v Santos.
Good Morning  Listening to some Maroon 5 this morning.
What are you listening to?
ughh get to it boy!:
I hope he doesn't encourage that nonsense, NYCs industry is inherently inhumane and dangerous.
I would say charles barkley
this idea i like
slept for 15 hours...and still tired.
Your A faggot asshole and you are dumbBryan
Just did week 5, day 1 of c25k with !
Awesome!
Can't wait to see!
Glad you're coming back!
To whoever just let their dog run wild outside, fuck you.
I can't go back to sleep
aha your so nice
I Want To Get Back With Shanley, Ima Ask Her Out On 111111 That Would Really Be Special Day Then
Haven't been on here in foreverrrrre
no it's not i think he's hot
I never ment to disrespect u
Is that a replica of Paul Menard's Brickyard trophy.
If not, it should be!!
Cool story hoe, suck it again.
Merry Christmas, Quinton!
I hope 2012 is a very good one for you both personally  professorssionally!
:
So very funny
thanks lady, I need to email you!
RT : HVSummit sponsored by , and off to great start with keynote speaker Tom Cody.
Wont EVER Catch Me Slippin'!
Mario's pizza is saving my life right now
March Monotony.
you misspelled everyone's
Free burger with proof of a Yelp review.
Find them at, 6830 S.
Yosemite St, Centennial, CO 80112.
Formal sorta sucked for me
Admit nothing Deny everything
alrigggghttty loves.
let's gett more followerrs.
she said she'll never get followers.
NEVER SAY NEVER right?
:
btw, I meant to tell you that the new professorle photo looks great!
In Boulder.
It's sunny, doctor,  in the upper 80s, i.e., close to perfect.
Going to do some meeting prep, eat,  then get some needed sleep.
maybe it's unrealistic to expect a honey, shh, see the college student right there?
she's studying
when you only play one game a week that is just sad
You must've heard or Dave from playing some dubstep!
sounded good right??
The only thing that could make me love more is to see him in UK blue tonight.
You cant wife up a stripper.
The more permiscuous a woman is, the more jaded she becomes.
Its sad, but save yourself fellas.
Im more tired today than iv been in probably a year
The bell needs to ring NOW!
Dear mister GovernorElect, you're making great choices already.
exhausted but i want to shower ugh i got issues
You're saving yourself the trouble of arguing  fighting.
Its not about winning  losing anymore.
Its about letting go.!!!
At Bellarmine University.
In bright blue pants.
Q  5 : Good relationships involve risk.
Agree or Not?
have you had a Teriaki boy yet?
Good stuff.
Do you use props in your practice?
Lauren is leading a workshop on Assisted OpeningTechniques  Tools for deepening your practice w/props.
Have a safe and Happy New Year to all out there in twitterland!!
defenitly a beautiful weather GOD BLESS TEXAS!!!!...have a wonderfull Friday!!!!
ThoughtDuringSchool don't fall, don't fall, don't fall, when going up the stairs 
RT:  President s announcement is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights
Way to go Paige!
Great chat today.
I don't really like tweeting about writing because it reminds me that I'm not writing.
That's what we in the business call Snake Oil.
I hope tht u'll see this tweet and follow meIt's SO GOOD 2NOW THT MYWORLDTOUR HAS ENDEDI'VE BEEN A PART OF it!Thx so much3
Tomorrow's the kick off for the traveling exhibit, Key Ingredients: America by Food.
Visit the Seminole Nation Museum, Wewoka!
Uhh retire?
She is resigning her seat midterm...
that is a bit different that choosing not to run again.
: Thinking of putting in new rule for hiring.
First interviewee to show up at time they were scheduled for wins.
Sets a high bar
Happiness is seeing at an audition for the first time!
I wanted to teach but the funding doctored up.
That's why I ran for office.
Ok.
To all the students of MHS.
Yes there was a bomb threat.
BUT THERE IS NO BOMB!
Thats why its called a bomb THREAT!
Lionel Ritchie took the top album 1 spot from on the Billboard 200.
nowplaying Tuskegee on
RSVP: Opus Pictures
haha, i know.
thats how i work:
omg thanks!
MY GIRL INDEPENDENT
JavaScript has so much awesome weirdness, it's amazingly flexible in strange and unpredictable ways.
it should be called 'bizzaro Scheme'
Brides maid then day rager then night rager...
Sb halloween 
Probably on a mission...
Thank you sfGiants for giving vinscully a real reason to call pennant race baseball.
Great series.
Where is and
good games but I owe you lunch.
Sweep and we'll make it Brewers win and you buy the tominator.
Wow, just read your blog post from June 2011: PR tips for indie filmmakers and PMDs.
Very informative and helpful.
Thank you!
Point shaving was the players not Rupp.
As for the racism, you obviously haven't done enough homework on that
Did an amazing album in music.cityNashville yestaday w Richard Smith the great guitarist.i loved it.ut was crazyfun but world class.lov t
On the Road, Kerouac's experimental prose pushed the boundoctores for writers of all genres.
Beatniks don't get enough love
watching radiohead on Jimmy Fallon, mesmerized.
anyone else think thom yorke looks like tilda swinton?
Too bored on a Friday night
you got it...and again Congrats!
Tweet me a  and a question and I'll tell u Wht IB u look good with
10ThingsIWantToBuy some sort of rights to twitter so the trends wouldn't constantly be shit.
Let's get someone to take our picture.
Im done with single life.
So slow today.
Its probably gonna be busy later today
HEY!
HEY!
HEY!
Yeah!
I miss you bunches!
WUBS!
got doctorped in a build today!:/ ouch!!..
i miss
you are my favorite writer and I meant that honestly and earnestly.
I love what you wrote today The abyss gazes back.
.
The whole idea of a journal may not be totally atavistic, but aren't most functions present  improved in bits.
TIME TO SHRED BABY
first off thanks for the love.
We saw your tublr page.
Second we are fixing our you tube page and will be back soon.
thanks, it should be fun!
phew.
i almost sobbed ;
spoiling others good time is bogus completely
please follow me its my life long doctoram!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Taught a few things last night.
Most importantly she now knows Tupac is still alive.
Do you prefer still photos or virtual tours when browsing the internet?
Do what Family Guy does.
Throw in some Conway Twitty.
Gracias!
It actually comes at a difficult time so good input is double welcome.
ready to start banging on Django again.
couple of things to study.
OnMyVacationIWill still be tap dancing.
When you do what you love it's hard to take a day off.
Cat's whole story was completely fake.
She would has a huge scar if she had not one, but TWO open heart surgeries.
Someone pinch me.
I still live in Austin, right?
Sometimes all you can do is smile.
Laugh to hide the pain and shine through all the rain.
Stay strong!
Last night, cracked into a dark chocolate egg filled with coconut cream.
Mary Sue meets Mounds.
Awesome.
Lake tahoe, i love you
good morning!
hey bro wats new for u...
What new projects u got coming!
Any music?
apparently it's the day to finish teaching and launch into a marathon of battlestar galactica.
NEED professorSSIONAL PRODUCTION WORK ??
FOLLOW NOW FOR INTERNATIONAL MOVEMENT
oh stop.
you're too sweet
Lol RT : My girlfriend posted on facebook, Just got my period!
13 guys liked it
Happy Chinese New Year!
Here's to a year of good chi :
Team America, fuck yeah!
Aww he asked me to prom at my soccer game.
I said yess.
3
I'm not a glee fan, but I do really like and she's just as vibrant offscreen as she is on!
MT
True but often it's the opposite problem  people avoiding intuition  thinking raw data will magically lead to a good solution
apparently not :
wow, I'm definitley going to go check those out at Whole Foods!
i was at that concert, Young MC was the opener.
I swear everytime I listen to I put my hands in the air  shake my head 
Apparently I'm going to have to wait until I get upgraded to IE8 before making a twitter list.
IE7 just isn't up for it.
Got to try some tasty lobster crabcakes on today's show, thanks to !
Love the newest issue featuring the King brothers!
I see your flopping issues and highfive tech, and raise you a highleverage misinterpretation of a clear rule that left the Hawks screwed.
Ya know whenever I see TeamAustin I think its about me cause thats my name!
: But I am a big fan!
wants big time rush and/or the cast of glee to come to boston really soon on a tour!
damn you cant boo the QB that got you to the dam game.
People tend to be stupid as a group.
Good We Look Forward to it!
:
Well, we'll need tunes for the doctorve back.
I mainly write poetry and short stories, and the occasional song :
you the best I evaa had
fattweet lol RT : The ice cream FOREVER ridin past my house when I ain't got NO cash...when they gon start taking debit??
Oo
please follow me3!
4 screening of TheWarriors.
I really wish these gangs were around when these hipsters started taking over Brooklyn.
what you been up to fool!
Breakfast in bed!
Thanks
Watching Billy Tha Exterminator!!
He is Nuts.
Right now I got a Samsung touchscreen one.
Doesn't have WiFi and since I didn't pay for Internet service, it's only a phone.
HIRING a CREDIT ANALYST NOW Contact me  8132072871 or send Résumé to I will pay a referral fee for
Not at all lol, just gotta state the obvious
I really want a pair of Invisibility Cloaks :
will it evolve to his absence?
Be sure to make it out for our second day of our End of the Year Sale!
2590 off almost everything!
so as i sit here i wonder what is it that makes everyone so negative about other peoples happiness
Happy Birthday Earl!!!
!
we gotta party when we get to Memphis!
we're gonna get us some cute sexy guys and go ham lol
RESEARCH TIME: watching the Eurovision 2012 finalists.
Life is what you want it to be
Hoffman: 98 of terrorist websites protected and not discoverable.
localization has gotten much better on the most recent update, when're we going to see integration?
It's National Library Week!
Celebrate by visitng your local library!
I think I'm gonna go watch this old show my mom used to love I don't know if you guys ave heard of it but it's called Candy Lmao XD
have fun
You mean Gay Marriage Unlikely To Hurt Obama in 2012
SCOTUS puts off by one week decision on whether to hear Harmon case challenging constitutionality of rent stabilization laws in NYC.
AGREED.
Best thing ever invented.
Only you can become the change in the world that you will be.
IfYouReallyKnewMe : I'm one the sweetest girls you will ever meet but if you backstab me I will become the biggest bitch you have ever met.
Just promise to be nice about my noncompliant CSS.
I have never gotten through security that fast in my life.
10 minutes tops.
Attended a great networking social last night in Silicon Valley.
I am also working on my coaching business and my nu music dj mixes
LowKey scare me
That might be my fav tweet of yours ever
is coming today for the WHOLE WEEKEND!!!!
so pumped to hang out with my big sister and Joel!!!
Ah, that's so exciting.
Thanks for posting.
I need sage lemonade.
aight ill be over in bout 15 min
RT : Rumor has it that was Biden's 10th beer summit of the day.
tcot Beer Summit
good answer!
Work is slow...
My brain is done until Monday!
Ruby supports different templatting systems, OOTB here we're using ERB.
I think.
Stay in touch new friend!
Thx for the RT
or on a beach
I had the classical section  the tower on sports arena doctorin SD.
great people there.
Missed you at Aura last night!!
Next Wednesday you should come for trivia!
I'm watching a homeless guy play with a kitten and I'm not gonna lie, it's adorable.
Yes you do Nats!!!
I still CANNOT bring myself to watch the NHL playoffs.....
Good riddance!
But he should have gotten the max.
RT : Bates gives Harry Thomas Jr.
38 months in prison
Agreed.
RT : seems that the more we manage our online identities the better our privacy
what ur name
whatever floats your boat Griffin!:
it seem really fun i went there over break
Do you have your own youtube channel?
study break

No one ever excused his way to success.
Dave Del Dotto
well its about time!
lol
We need to get this offense back on track.
Starting Nate Tice this week.
Can somebody text me
thanks that made me smile.
And a lot fewer calories.
I did.
Talk to her i'll go and brush my teeth.
RT : All things are difficult before they are easy.
Thomas Fuller
Sorry for all the tweets this afternoon!
I'm on a mission to get 50 more tutors this month for my MLK Challenge!
Our team is also never intimidated, never selfcentered and never naive.
After starting 58, 2 b here took consistent effort/toughness!
I said it once, and i will say it til the day i croak..
U ..
Are..
Amazing.
:
Time Magazine's Top 100 Peeps include Pippa Middleton and Claire Danes.
Am I missing something here?
Stay tuned 4 more w/
Ms.
Bruce.
Are you into wine?
Cant wait for to go Live!!!
awww cheer up!
how are you doing?
how is real life?
My doctorams will be scifi now.
So amazingly me out of all people.
Decided I'm not going out once again tonight.
So if u want 2 low key it hang I'll be here at the
Really glad to be sponsoring the event today in SF, see you there if you received an invite!
Sorry to hear that Cyndee...any constructive criticism we can pass to our chef team?
RT : Challenge plot Connection plot Creativity plot What are the components of a story?
glad it's going smoothly for you so far :
The Lilac is pretty but I have to get the Candy Corn Soap Slice...too cute!!!
How are we awake/alive?
High speed sorting enables customer's mail to be delivered to USPS the same day of mail pickup.
AMS 5058993104.
Holy shit there's still another qtr of this garbage.
it's okay now you can get some sleep!
: 3
THEN YOU NEED TO PLAN A TRIP FOR REAL!!!!!
and as for you going to vegas this weekend...IM JEALOUS
oh smdh!
Well I still got my text lmao
I think I feel like periwinkle today.
Even the name sounds silly.
Kelly Rowland is ridiculously underrated
That girl from johns creek
you just came up in a QA at sls12  the question was flattering.
yes they deserved to die and I hope the burn in hell Mathis playing taboo during family game time
Audition on saturday ,,,Hm fingers crossed
Looks like NZDUSD is heading for the 7740 lows.
Fun dc ff RT : Be sure to follow our amazing General Manager of the HayAdams this FollowFriday!
And we need a day called Social Media Day exactly why?
I'll wear my doctorss flipflops.
RT : But keep flip flops.
Business suit and flops ...now THAT'S an office statement!
C'mon Hoosiers!
A W tonight would make for a great end to this weekend.
This girl is asking me for everything!
Gum, lotion, phone.
Damn what else you want!!!
Happy Birthday to !!!
Excited for tonight's panel discussion and to hear great local talent.
I don't have it on repeat but I've been repeating the song the whole day today lol : lol I have it on repeat.
i cant im on jordans ipod:
We're honoring Mom this week w/ 20 OFF all Regular Priced Women's Apparel online  in store!
Its freezing in this claas room.
Sorry if I'm making your notifications go all bug nutty.
Keep forgetting the hashtag.
I don't agree with that at all, unless you're writing romance novels, I guess...
is that what Nora does?
Took a Tylenol PM that never kicked in...AC is borken....that about sums up this weekend...work on 2 hours of sleep should be fun tomorrow
They need to simmer down
Things right now couldn't be any more perfect : happiest I've ever been
great great, about 2 weeks out and ready to fight!
How you been?
Getting ready for anything?
good morning everyone :
Help for Haiti current Auction: Front row loge tix to MUSE tickets for the Garden, 100 to Marco Cucina, and a night at the Ames Hotel..
Veteran's Day thought: many online students I have taught were deployed.
Online learning allows us to serve them while they serve for us.
The HIMSS12 expo just opened!
Visit us in booth 4635 and see how we help you obtain meaningful use and addoctorss the hybrid workflow!
man u aint bout that life
Have a great time!
Thanks again for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such a wonderful event!!
I've quit doctornkin after years of problems nd I smoke cigarettes, I know you're straight edge, any advice?
what do you not understand
If Every Nigga Went By My Last Retweet I Swear Shit Will Be Straight..
INEEDFOLLOWERSRETWEET THIS 4 A MENTION!!!!!!!
Heed the still small voice that so seldom leads us wrong, and never into folly.Marquise du Deffand
July 1.
1979  Sony introduces the first 'Walkman'.
First George Clooney, now SJP.
Based on this trajectory, by October it'll be lunch with one of those twins from The Shining.
Seriously..it is IMPOSSIBLE to catch up on email.
I've been at it for 2 hours  have barely whittled them down.
Help!
This week's BZ MVP for the Brewers: Ryan Braun.
Since this week never happened, we will not speak about any more however.
The best part of the hackathon this weekend might be the breakfast being provided by
Cheese and chocolate!
yum yum
RT : To be successful, we should make the must of our life the most of our life.
Paraphrased, G Campbell Morgan
It was prob.
Rihanna's.
; I was hoping they were featuring locals.
dear Houston, I will see you at the end of this month.
w00t!
I'm going with options 1 and 3
T minus three hours til show time!
Found out what I'm gonna do for 420 again this year.
at ucf just like last year, smoking out the building
Came wit ur shit on point or kp it moving to the next chick that's on that lazy shit like U.....
I had a great ass work out :D
Does anyone actually know what James Harden's face looks like?
Does it exist?
Small grandson, upon hearing Spring Break is over, 'Oh, no!
What happened to our nine days?!!'
Spring is almost here.
Remember to do your spring dental cleaning!
it feels like i'm running longer and farther by measuring in kilometers!
;
follow pleasee!!
TeamFollowBack and I will
Happy New Year to you, Liz!
GOOD MORNING ALL :
I kind of miss the young adults on 4loko nightlife of 20092010
I MISS YOU MORE 3 ;
Hey great followers.
Please follow my personal account for a little more interaction.
will be sure to cheat with ya!
not tired...can't sleep.
Bunnies nachos Cindy!
3
timewarnercable thanks for the 170 credit, free HBO  showtime.
Fuck my account up again please, I want more freeshit.
:
Bad storms tonight!
Stay safe 21
Everyone should check out new music vid.
Or if you havent already, check out the band!
You too, Cheryl!
Thanks!
Great deal!
RT : Come to the North Park Farmers' Market today where 94.9 FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft...
Glee makes me cry
Happy Easter!
:
Hey Duke.....look what Brown did to you!
Joey is having tummy trouble again.
Could it be the organic, cagefree chicken strips he loves?
Too healthy?
I joke, but I'm worried.
I spent 4 years in Iowa as a college student.
Similar madness.
Why do people find me such an easy target to bully?
Lotta people hate, but AMEN Rich!
: Love Joe Buck.
What a doctoram to be able to pay tribute to your dad like that.
He nailed it.
Big event  Pop Burger located at 83 University Place, NYC...
tag along for great food and good company.
One day my prince will come...and he'll at least be a cartoon that's supposed to be a human, not a robot.
Made sludge bars last night, and half of them are already gone.
Come get some today!
A good day at NetTel: having a strong week, and going to charge through today!
Done with school for the year!!!!
Play Time
SCOOTER ENT 2MORROW DOORS OPEN HOSTED BY W/ R.I.P SCOOTER
This weather is so fabulous!!!!
I hope everyone has an amazing and safe weekend!!!
I'm sure he's fine.
You guys were so cute, but I wont mention it, k?
:
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
Hope you liked it.
Thanks for the mention!
RT : im gonna read ur construction article a little later!
I just made a hot date with I'm so fucking excited.
did you know today is national pbj day?
celebrate with where they are 3 all day long!
Go GMen!
looking forward to your order shampoo is sold out so body wash and 3 in 1 are available only
: take advantage of geo for ease of user access; esp.
for retail
why can't i retweet this?!?
swerve .
swerve .
Eghh.
Getting tired of these same doctorams..
really needs to stop.
That is a curious rewriting of history, suh.
Please professorer your evidence for such a claim.
Waves really hard to all who have recently joined my page!
Big ole cupcake smile
my other line rang, then then I went to get something to eat
Morning all.
Happy Friday :
My hunch about me and twitter was right: while I now like it, I have no time to actually look at it!
Except now, bored at the airport...
I could use a back massage right now
hahaha oh i see :
Happy friday everybody!!!!!
I am already!
Preferences for iPhone/iPad dictionary app with etymologies?
Hey , how about u guys interview !
Our editor is her publicist we can set it up!
Check out her song SaveTheWorld!
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.
Martin Luther King
I wish bitches would stop telling stories about their experiences.
I'm here to learn about and leave.
Now about your life.
ok?
Faculty are people too.
bro you are spamming the hell out of me.
Check your account!
Lets go to my house, makeout,eat some peanut butter,tacos, and play guitar that'd be pretty damn gnarly.
;
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free Sprinkler with a 50 purchase!
he has been snowboarding
RT : Today marks the start of our Governors Education Symposium, cohosted by
I love that THE AVENGERS now has so many people calling others mewling quims although enjoy it for now, before it gets old.
is tonights game going to be on tv or online?
plot twist liam is actually a 4 year old girl.
oh wait
I have multiple iCloud calendars on one account.
When I get an invite it goes to work.
How do I change default?
Hope to see u one day sir, we got a lot to talk about.
Just dont overdoctorss in a suit or nothing.
I prefer a shot of Patron
Hi ass
I need to travel..
I bought a crystal jar at the Savvy Fox boutique today.
Joke on them: it's for condoms.
Joke on me: there's nobody to bang where I'm living.
It's funny to me ...
When someone says they don't like getting disrespected!!!
Welp learn to respect others than foo
on using data in K12 Weve been so focused on gaining data that weve moved our whole model to a multiple choice model.
North Shore here we come w/ !
Wow this guy is stupid he gets beat by his girlfriend who looks like Rick Ross, and she cheats on him and hes like ily bb ily
I was just as concerned with an Agger injury.
/knocks on wood
I don't understand  is Modern Family set in the year 2014?
So who won the election, then?
oh yessssir!
Lol but bout to go catch the Heat game but when I get back we can run it fam
Radio disney lol
That had a tinge of GARBAGE to it,
Friends don't let friends cheer for Shittle.
haha thunder/lightning has that effect/affect.
ireallywant these so called real people to stop acting so fake.
.
.
No Braun at Fan Fest?
/ an MVP in hiding / is not a good sign
Welcome Ava  Lyle!!!!!
Why isn't Inge in the lineup?
On my way to deliver a Fletcher2012 sign to a Carlsbad woman who wants to sign wave in SanDiego.
Awesome supporters from all over!!!
you are doing amazing stuff for lupus on here.
Wud u make a post on LFA DMV Facebook?
We'd love if u did, reply  we'll chat
Dear old men, stop peddling generalized advice about women based on your scripted marriages my way.
I'm a fag with a fantastic boyfriend.
With all the support of from this city it's too bad the Timbers suck.
Saw tweet from that said Apply now receives twice as many applications as Join us Can you share source?
.....im feeling some type of way
Sure thing!
U have never let me down.
Ur an amazing singer and artist so will check it out as soon as i finish having dinner with husban ...
Saw A hot guy running outside my window...
...FRIDAY WERE SEARCHIN CP
Does anyone know any SVP Creative/UX in NYC?
Rt : The way NewHampshire coverage is building, wondering when someone will do a live blog about our live blog about blogs and tv.
how r chu
Seriously, last night's show was the best one I've ever seen.
You've got to have Tilly  Turner on more often!
Fairfax County Police say good witness information helped them track roadoctorge suspect SUV to SW DC.
Jay Korff has details on ABC7News
It's going to be a great day at
RT : Oh Sarah  I miss you so much :
My who the heck are you circle is enormous...
time to delete Google?
are you with Coach Lucas?
I think my favorite part of this tweet is how it SUDDENLY hit you.
Like, a slow subtle realization of the true nature is bogus.
umm yeah a concussion and dehydoctortion:/
hey, when I saw u at lunch  u said I never tweet u?
BOOM!!
Now, what?
:
I'm doing great, still styling hair!
How about you??
that's right, the augusta Beavers are in a roll!
Time to take out one of the private schools on Thursday!
why is it that at the end of summer that I start getting severe allergies?
i feel your pain ;
thanks for the post ladies!
creator of Community, just endorsed the VCR based game NIGHTMARE.
If you know me well, you can imagine how big my grin is.
Alexa  her father have a fan here lol
I did that about 8 times.
Dang it !
Little kids in my subdivision get me every time with their cute lemonade stands ..
He's a gunner in the runner world.
Oh, I ran 30K in 2 days.
So crappy.
The rest of us would say STFU to that.
Me: This fanbase account, was here for years..
My twitter: Gosh, I'm old ;
ahh no u wont and in ur case a zombie is cute
Turn on channel 33 and educate yourself
I will figure it out boo ;
Has a 151 team ever not won at least one playoff game?
I mean, other than today?
chillen with my sister like the good old days 
Looking forward to seeing the TRUE LIGHT!
Bout to go toe to toe, blow for blow
when doctorgons are purple, they burp oil bubbles.
true story.
you make it sound so horrible!
I know, I hope more people take a second look at these amazing animals!
Also happy that people w/out the means might have a
Stop in and see us!
It's my fucking book, I bought it, you have NO fucking right to tell me who can and can't read my book.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
I'm ambivalent about hunger strikes.
In a way, you're doing the oppressor's job for them.
Finally I have finished my last passage, so now I can get some rest :
Ordered a couple of design books.
Yes!
Come on crew lets catch fire!
What's sad is that I'm sitting at Sang's house, doctornking hard cider, eating sour belts, and playing Angry Birds and Hanging with Friends.
She look a lil too fishy for me
Hi from NYC!
Laying out in the SoCal sun with and enjoying this beautiful Sunday afternoon.
Getting ready for my first screening tonight!!!
Typing a tweet in Twitter for iPhone just to see what it's like.
Thanks, man.
We already have Elevation Burger, Smashburger, Five Guys, Whole Foods.
You'd be perfect here.
No love flow from :
How old are you?
and you are really cute.
thanks for following!
How did you hear about me?
When choosing who to hire you should really consider the size of the employees bladder
mane a nigga tired as hell but what don't kill me gon make me stronger
HALF ROASTED DUCK blueberry demi glace, baby vegetables, seared greens
no but it looks dope!
If you go I want to come with you!
Jazz game set to tip off in 20 minutes.
I know it's still Twolves excitement for next year but at least it's not on doctorft Lottery day.
I hope people see who's also in the Gessen arrest video, in the green jacket.
Now sharing a cell.
It's a truly satisfying treat.

how is it we aren't following each other....
Working again, thanks!
On a resume: looking for what you specifically did and what results came from that....We love numbers!
Bhahah, Oh yeah you know im So fake; Darn this bitch caught me:P or not SOFUNNY!
We're now at the Lair Marketplace on campus  swing by for a !
I wish I could forget some things off of my mind for good, it'd make life so much easier.
can't believe how fast this day is flying..maybe because i finally was given something to do at work!
i doubt that you would ever see this but, i had this doctoram about you.
seems hard to believe but, it seems like real.
Good day everyone!
FDI Youngevity will be having an upcoming event Super Saturday and Training this Saturday Oct.
1, 2011 , NC.
dealing w/ bureaucracy.
Oh the joy of working for the govt.
Face Off is a fabulous Friday night date movie.
Patio party was great yesterday.
Next Sunday the sauce patio party blow out.
Open today for lunch and beer.
that's awesome  i may have to steal that
Happy birthday to my boy !
Hope it's a good one!
Come  put your naame on it .
No!!
It looks lovely as it is!!
:
Happy New Year all may 2012 be your best year yet!
what are you reading?
Flight is finally takin off!
Thank ya jesus!...my last tweet in AZ!
We must have the same celebratory mind!
Woohooo!
I was wondering why at half mast!
You are a key source for critical info....
ill come visit you!
Ha
NBA sources say Larry Bird has told Pacers owner Herb Simon he will not return next year as player personnel boss.
hahaha!
: BREAKING: Stanford kicker Jordan Williamson just received a full scholarship offer from Boise State.
Well I don't hate or love him.
I'm neutral.
I don't think he's gay or normal.
I think he's bi.
Won't have my phone.
So I won't e able to tweet, Facebook, or blog.
My mom is putting me thru hell 
Tenley kids run DC.
Know it and respect it
Happy Birthday brother!
yes they did
Our likes from 720 to 315 last night :
Bernards: Hybridity presumes nonhybrid people and privileges Third Space, but creaolization presumes mixture as shared norm.
how about being more constructive rather than just plain rude?
You used to have class now you're kind of just
Thanks for joining us for our first workshop of the semester!

Unlike Gov.
Johnson Obama's support of marriage equality was merely a campaign strategy to regain the youth vote.
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!
still have the Ft.
Worth StarTelegram with the bloody lip and the Robin V headlock.
Volunteers needed at the Silent River Film Festival in Irvine, CA.
Internship positions available.
Contact
Thanks for following back, Miranda.
Welcome!
Ah okay I'm done.
Is it bad that I'm ready to go to bed already and it's only 8:15pm and still light out?
My own son passed when he was very young but I'm blessed with a terrific stepson will be seeing him tomorrow for Moms Day.
I cannot understand why universities can cite budget cuts to increase tuition rates at the same time that they are building new buildings.
Am I being a clingy person, if so...I'm sorry!
showers?
we off that !
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes there are to make in a narrow field.
Wedding.books or not.
Did you watch the threepart Nature series on whales/dolphins recently?
It was well done, I thought!
Please watch these in order, and tell me which one is better...you probably need to watch about :30secs of each to get the gist of them...
that's interesting.
will check it out.
Caps Backstrom on playing under Hunter I like the way we play
god dude, please let me cost host that shit if u do..
People are still saying swag?
don't want to be spoiled, but I love Parks and I can't fathom what it could be that would make you cry!
E!
or where u at now?
Wow, what is going on
Group stds around teacher's desk, teacher sits amongst std desks  make the point about them taking control of the learning process.
Events in LA?
how are you
Weather like this makes me hate Ohio!!!!
1 more day till greatest wisports weekend of my lifetime.
I wish there was a thai place in the 'hood!
I have a hanker'n for Pud Thai.
Damn Tomorrow Is My Last Day In Cali Fuck .
Ended  93 cappers posted and a consensus from their pks on Ky  Ov at the end..See ya  the window
Milwaukee, get ready.
Cities will burn, mothers will lose childoctorn and trivia will happen.
7pm tonight, at Red Dot.
Get your Schlitz on.
very true
What'd you think of his performance during the Celebrity AllStar game?
We were pretty impressed actually.
YES GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!!
Amazing!!!
I'm actually gonna check out flight right now!!
my ps3 pog username is paperboat
As a mother of a Dino Dan fan, I know more about Compsognathus than I ever thought possible.
8 followers away from 100!:D
My friend / fellow basketball official buys stolen officiating things.
Never make the same mistake twice
all of us need to have a dinner date,soon 
I have a friend who saves every time the song he's listening to changes.
if anyone needs a DJ or host around the city...let me know!!!!
Now what u think we moved for, to see kids get killed in a school zone.
Dude!
Like Hi !
Still not feelin' to good :/
I personally don't believe in same sex marriage, but I don't want my beliefs to be imposed on other people's lifestyles.
Oh ok ...
who u think I am
To be honest I always thought the hills was never a reality show to me it felt like a scripted tv show with a whole lot of doctorma
Might be catching some trains later, but we'll see for when they show up
thanks love you to!
Nice, good luck!
This for the TSG blog?
Cant sleep !
Uh !
did you do the PowerPoint too?
4 out of 10 people who received promotional marketing gifts recalled the advertiser's name even 6 months after they have received the gift.
Enjoyed and learned during your Mindfulness,Compassion  Self Compassion Retreat today.
Became more aware of that moment.
This kid is dumb my he says my mom left my ass in 95 too bad she died when I was 4 in 99 haha dumb
Miguel already shot a video for quickie rocsi .
Thank you for helping me now own 22 of the 2013 doctorft
Moore  across subgroups of vulnerable youth such as foster youth, court involved  need for education in all.
not nes a paid job, although that wld be nice, I'd like any opportunity to get clippings on my belt...
take risks if you win, you will be happy if you lose, you will be wise.
hit me back for more.
me too even tho he was trash in Houston
Happy Halloween!
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
A freezer full of rotten meat fell off the truck, splashing me with the foulest of perfumes.
Somehow you need to get to event horizon of black hole where time as almost stops:
Hopefully you meant Friday!
I am around tomorrow after 10am.
Feel free to stop by!
Wed could be huge!
I may chirp about mine at some point, but I'm not sure yet.
q:
wait, a vampire cannot enter a room unless invited laworder
Getting excited for trivia :30 and you should be too!
chea!
Luce blue is awesome late night!
is the ONLY nigga that can get me out a bad mood.
Dan Duquette is to Boston Red Sox as Andy MacPhail is to Chicago Cubs.
Blake I'm in jail:/ thanks
Just checked it on my phone.
I'll will play your recording on my computer in the morning.
Much appreciated!
PapaEdd
doctorssed up as a dorky HarryPotter for Halloween!
we :D
Hope to see some of you tonight at Outpost 186 in Cambridge!
It's all kids all morning at the FFL!
First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's  3's at 1030!
omg, pls let me date them, dey r such qt's omg ;
Make sure you're at the fest in May to see our client get an award!
questionsihatebeingasked Is the achievementgap closeable w/o solving poverty 1st?
Answer: Yes.
We know from experience.
I don't think so.
And they charge you for a couple months after you cancel, so cancel early if possible!
some type of Asian food?
I know!
I'm stil in Portland slaving away.
Ya know.
Stupid adult crap.
What's up with you?
Still in CA?
I have the best girl friend in the world!!!
Sadly, lost in the good Fringe news is the reality that this is the end of the line for Alcatraz.
I've been there a few times.
I'll give it a chance.
I just love all that we already have here.
My sister is so careless and stupid.
I just want to smack her sheesh
We can't wait to hang with you at SXSW!
See you soon!
FOLLOW !
HE'S SINGER, HAS BARELY ANY FOLLOWERS,  IS REALLY CUTE :
I've watched Boston a lot.
KG is playing well, but they're being overrated doctorstically.
I'll follow you if you follow me.
Deal?:
words can't describe how I feel
got antsy.
bought plane tickets.
I'ma coming back.
start saving for food.
and maybe a hang glider.
RT : You will always harvest what you plant // Why not plant the good stuff?
In shock.
Whitney Houston was one of the greatest singers this world has ever heard.
RIP
That smile of yours3
Life is like a box of chocolates, ya never know what your gonna get.
Slow down your 'thinking rate'.
We think at 500 words a minute and talk at 150..That is why our minds wander.
Stay focused
don't know which makes me more angry.
Bad if he believes what he's saying, worse if it's just ?
My boyfriend tells me e loves me every second :3 i repay him with telling him how much I love ; oh I'm horrible
your colleague has a great sense of Spirited humor.
Greetings  Hope to see you at our first lecture of the series on Wednesday with Peter Gluck !
milwaukee We gave the Label printer a break today.
Repricing products throughout the store!
competitive We aren't stopping!We offer more
Ya pants are mighty fitted, uhh damn!
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one this one got hacked
congrats!
Also, what's one month anyway?
pretty sure everyone following this is in for the long haul...
Feeling fat is a situation that can be remedied.
Diet, exercise  self acceptance just for starts.
I hate being sick, and I hate being in school T.T
People who think they have it all figured out annoy me.
No lessons 2 learn or experiences to have, why bother waking up?
i dont think your name is Julia...
Sorry we've been so slow lately guys, these past few months have been very fast going and we will try to post mote stuff soon!
your abs thoooo 
Just checked the USPS tracker and they should be there very soon!
Had to redo the entire shipment because of label errors Blah!
Wishing you the best at Future City Competition in Washington DC.
We are proud of you and the students.
hahaha Andoctorw was right behind me with his dad in the car!
Bahahaha
Gr8 time!!!
Would LOVE discount coupons!
RT Hope U had gr8 time  a wonderful Mothers Day!
TY for visiting :
Uh, not really?
He could have supported a week ago, possibly helping the NC amendment fail?
Downtown bound.
I don't know why I'm doing this to myself again, but here's to spontaneity.
oh not you too....
RUMOR.
FAKE RUMOR.
lol I'll do better next time
You're the reason I hate everyone.
I was pretty sure I made this temporary, but I guess its permanent.
Smh
Fuk love I'm done tring
I'll just keep tweeting it until it sinks in.
RT No fear.
No expectations.
Very much so, like one of my doctoram jobs  I sent in an application today.
you comin to West Memphis vs marion game?
doctorke is fake.
pass it on
Ricotta cheese: not an obvious choice for pie filling, but somehow so right.
Space shuttle Discovery taking final voyage  to the Smithsonian
Larry Brown would rather be the Head Coach of SMU over the GM of the Blazers?
Doesn't bode well for the GM search.
I will be in the Greater Atlanta area today selling my book, if you would like a copy, text, tweet, or however we communicate, let me know!
When a dark skin man insists on only dating light or white women so that he can have light skinned babies to brag about what does that mean?
Great Mother's Day Brunch from 11 am until 2:30pm, 18.95 for adults, kids under 12 half price, kids under 4 FREE.
The countriest of bumpkins.
Any predictive graph on what it will look like under new French, Greece governments?
if you say emmure is even good then you're so wrong.
Woah ...
...
ESPN have a stylist or something?
If you are going to wear a bow tie make sure it's tied properly.
Is this true more often than not?
truth RT : Im not insulting you, Im describing you.
Thanks for the follow John.
Happy to have your students crowdfund for capital!
okay sorry I love you  you know I'm here.
The awkward moment when two people are taking pictures of you and you don't know which camera to look at...
Well that touches on our state / governance rights and for getting big brother off the backs of our local agenda
Isn't about 80 of Sweden nonreligious?
Oh that would be all kinds of hilarious.
try this: cup some water with your hand and bring your eye to it.
start blinking and move your eye in circular motion.
memorizing my own scribbled lyrics for tonight's gig at the Underground.
Federal hill Clinton o'malley rally; cmon down!
Great quote from the Founder of Big Spaceship speaking of design execution: What separates good from great is that last 10 of polish.
that's our obsession
ha so not really
the live footage ive seen gives me a good idea of how crazy his shows are
If I'm lucky this weekend, I'll get to see Real lucky.
I feel like people have this fantasy idea that a perfect relationship just comes to you..
No, it's the furthest think from easy
I'm in a 3.64.0 tennis league  lost my 1st match 64,62.
Hoping to improve, win some matches so I can talk shit on twitter.
I'm digging through data...
sung to the tune of Dig For Fire by The Pixies.
I love
Wanna share ur story of how God has used in ur life for Central's 50th Birthday?
Just email it to mystory
Man sorry 2 say it But Mir doesn't have a chance against Dos Santos his wrestling isn't good enough 2 take him down and on the feet U KNOW!!
That discussion is exhausting.
Burn it to the ground and don't look back
bout time, lol.
A liberalarts education is supposed to provide you with a value system, a standard, a set of ideas, not a job
lol find me at school  i'll tell you!
You are welcome!!!
Wishing you all the best!!!
I also got a 45 of Feel A Whole Lot Better by The Byrds with alternate vocal, and used stuff: dB's, Costello, Hitchcock...
Ladies gotta get ready for the show!
In love you need to take a leap of faith
why are you still an egg?
It's whatever happened to that toy lol can't wait for your show in Detroit!
Established and licensed places in New York City have complied without griping, grousing, complaining or whining.
Nap Time!
Gotta surround myself with strong individuals.
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
Thinking about writing a book..
titled Nice Guys Finish First or Death of the Hard Sale
Join us and DJ Jucee Liu from tomorrow at 1pm for our ProjectStyle kickoff!!'
Ducks pp just not clicking tonight.
Probably the shotty ice
I shouldn't be up this early on a Saturday...
How do you count?
In English or Spanish?
They are saying that it determines in which language u are really thinking!
Yes  sorry.
I sent it from the app, and my editing of the standard pitch was lame.
But the app is cool.
And free.
A Taste of Ireland and Rededication Ceremony for LeahyHolloran Community Center
I don't remember Brian.
Anything you can share or link to in regards to what I'm guessing was a failed entry into fashion by AMZN?
We do what we can.
: Thanks again for flying with us.
Great game, Celtics!
Congrats to Rondo on passing Oscar Robertson on the playoff tripledouble list!
: There is always a need for MOAR DATA!
I absolutely love  adore you with all my heart  if you would follow me id be the happiest boyarianator in the world 333
OH HOW AWKWARD
Cross: Constitutionality?
Corporation counsel: We think there are ways to defend.
Protects pensions  makes sustainable, doesn't impair.
leave for Cali in 3.5 hours.
Not even close to being ready.
Ah...
no sleep for me.
don't buy cheap paint either.
I made that mistake once.
Had to repaint.
I feel for ya.
Painting sucks.
Goodluck!
I think I know a handful of people that could use your services lol.
Who is the fifth spice girl?
No one can remember....
BANDWAGON ALL YOU WANT just don't try to school the people who actually know and care about the team.
That's what gets me.
teamfollowback shut the fuck with that please
Is it possible to have a weaveless casting session n LA, no offense just asking?
4 days of auditions  everybody looks the same no variation
that's good :3
We missed you JD!
Meg and I are heading to LA this summer  I'm joining the faculty at USC.
Go Trojans!
not sure how i'd feel about the contract, but he's one of the most entertaining players in the game....
have fun watching!
any sign of the BEBE
She's giving her self respect up now too
break a leg!
or a toenail...
lifeclasspoll YES

My workload has doubled, so I'm only maintaining.
Can't wait to go full blast on BEASTMODE once again.
No matter what they say, no matter what they do  Let it go.
When you've said all the lies you can but none of them make sence thats when yu know its
Who said i cant be single and have to go out and mingle3
So freaking tired
Are you ever going to sell snowballs?
Yup, both HS  college!
Do it :
Swishers CHECK doctornk CHECK Wings CHECK Charcoal CHECK !!!LETS GO GRIZZLIES...
Taking All Bets B4 Tipoff MoneyTalks BullshitMute
yayayayayayayay!!!!
I'm so excited!!!!
I jus want to hug and kiss him!!!
aawwwwww
made with our fresh lime sorbet, covered in chamoy and chile candy powder!
Yes, yesI meant CHEESEHEADS
well, I can't argue, David has been a good name for me.
:
Knicks rolling right now!
J.R.
smith doing some great work out there
Gonna post the next part!
And a few years ago they wanted us not to have a NBA team?
Foggy, yes.
But beautiful all the same.
Where is that exactly, Eileen?
Bout to get up on my Sleep Shit!
Getting my hot yoga in this AM in order to clear my head.
, where you at?
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC  LA know of any candidates?
Please send resumes to 
I've been told to expect more leaking upon landing.
Delta sure knows how to show a girl a good time.
:
please follow she is you biggest fan!78
same here.
the first dude was symbolizing myself the ratchat females was next then my friends and fam was last
Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass
We wanna hear your New Year's Resolutions!
us now for 5 doctorving  you'll be entered to win a getaway to later!
you rlly need a professorle picture
Great launch of Cast's seminar Team Dynamics: Resourcing for Success for KIDP in Boston.
hi there
you..
jejemon  you should read it  FOREVER  4ever
journalism is SO meta
oh ok me I'm class history I'm so bored ...
!
Want my nails done!!!!!!!
How about a CherryBear Claw!!
It's a Flaky bear claw filled with cherries!!!
once in english, once in italian
never to early!
Cutler is a bitch
I ain't seen murry in a min thoe
haha love it
I was Born this way bitch!
lol grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
imma doctorve by and laugh at you.
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything.
No secrets and no lies.
hell yes
testing again
are you going to make shaggfest an annual event?
Broadcasting from bed...
Trying to let this little bug run it's course.
Sorry, is a bad influence
Indians cruising in this game..
Working in the booth till 9pm.
Wish me luck being an announcer is not my thing but whatever gets me work.
First couple of seasons are really good...
then it begins to feel like a political soap opera.
Picks back up near the end though.
Tonight  Tony Wight  Document.
Not necessarily in that order.
How can you take off from where you are?
Learn how with
I thoroughly intend to do just that.
Along with a savory crimplene blouse.
know any research on model schoolcommunity center collaberations?
Specifically focused on academic collab?
What factors do filmmakers weigh when determining whether or not to hire an attorney in connection with the financing of a project?
74 fat L.
Gave up four points in bottom of eighth.
Baseball games are nine endings.
Christy Walton, world's richest woman, worth 25 billion  which she inherited after her Walmartheir husband died.
It pays to marry well!
Hey Springfield MO folks!
Clear your schedule for 6.21.09.
It's the Summer Solstice, and we've got the whole day taken care of for you.
;
i look nuthin like him who is he
Today is Human Trafficking Awareness Day so be aware that if you are not careful..they can get away.
I do this all the time!
I'm about to go to the mall and get me a short set its summer time lol
haha thank you
Thanks again for the mention!
Anyone who thinks Hitchens was only good for polemics ought to read the tender, heartbreaking 1st chapter of HITCH22, on his mother.
black : they look SO cute on me.
My friends were like OMG get them u look adorable!
How could i resist?
Lol
Keynote Session with presenter Brad Wheeler begins at 8 am in Grand 14.
Were working on many rad ladies designs today.
Super comfortable soft and flowing designer tanks  shirts, perfect for summer.
Ideal fit.
Evans from had best doo at Albuquerque Regional
sounds good haha
Hope and patience are two sovereign remedies for all, the surest reposal, the softest cushions to lean on in adversity.
Robert Burton
I just can't stop listening to Kidz Bop 19 by Kidz Bop Kids!
I'm already eating my lunch....
Join Us Feb.
23 Elementary for our Black History Exhibition for student performances!
Also ATT to present ULEC with 10K check!
so is the official account of Nate Buzz?i love him,,why isn't his account verified though?
What has happened to the Saints ability to tackle this evening?
When I Get Rich, I'm Make A List Of Hoes That Talk To Much  Just Throw Money In They Face One By One So They Could STFU.
in my day thieves were more ambitious.
Get of my lawn.
my thoughts exactly!!
Star of RATLINE became a mommy this morn!
Stella Lucille Williams was born, 6lbs 14oz.
Congrats to Em  hubby !
Does the club still feel like an expansion team?
got to part 3 I'm addicted.
: Join Gary Danielson for a live collegefootball video chat how much was Gary paid for the T.
Richardson infomercial?
Thanks, Megan!
Good job!
That means dinner's on you
Perfect!
That's a great combo!
We love your holiday card!
Thank you!
hey : You just go into settings and add an image from your computer as the back ground image.
Hey everyone, lets welcome A Fall To Break to our page!
My mobile phone number is changing to a local DFW area code soon.
I'll keep the appropriate people posted.
I'm fantastic!
thank you so much, you too!
:
None of these guys can decide which programs they support funding/increasing while making major cuts.
PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER
Eric just sent you an email to applenorthshore...
you can probably guess what for...
:
I keep getting taunted by deal emails for hotels I can't even afford at half price.
Sigh.
Decentralized social media account control is not scalable, hard for all internal parties to connect properly.
I can't tell if I should laugh or call for help for this guy
In heaven :
Consumers Like Online Shopping Better Than InStore...
His license plate scraped a decent gash in the right front fender.
Minor cosmetic issue so I told him not to worry about it.
ThingsIReallyCantStand When someone says I'm mad at you and I ask them why and they say I'm not telling you
Don't miss it!
You have only 5 days left.
AGuyShould never lie to a his girl cause eventually he will get caught for what he did!
First tweet!
Awkward eye contact with a pigeon.
Guess that's what you get when you're randomly sitting on the street in the city
looks much better than mine :
Right back atcha, KA!
will be the bombdotcom.
So glad you will be there, too!
I wanna hit the studio and work hard all day
hopin can't read this tweet right now.
make sure he can't walk before the night is over
I want to get to 2000 followers !!!!!
lol I'm surprised we still up?
BUZbuz TIP: If you wanna getBUZd by game targets, engage them meaningfully.
Ask them a question.
Reply to a tweet.
Be creative and WIN!
Sansome and Pine today, 11:302.
Hot pies.
Get some lunch!
Lakers Get your asses to the finals already :
Great my fever is back
Installed a new Linksys 4200 router tonight and all my wifi problems are solved.
After 3 years it was time for Netgear to go.
426.17 in ld phone charges overnight, only place that could have taken my card in last 90 days, House of Nanking, visited last night.
Heading to for the first time tonight!
Don't make decisions just because you're angry, and don't make promises just because you're happy.
I had a pair of those from limited too when I was younger.
Yet were hot pink
At the Madhatter in DC enjoying some delicious happy hour appetizers
Pee Wee Herman?
man everything in order.
jus bad timing
I need sum gift cards asap
haha well this week was just an idea it can be when ever..
only reason i said this week is because we have a fashion show.
Watch this completely backfire into my face oO
What should I get for lunch
Well the boot stays for another month
Alright brewers!
Three more outs!!!!
sick at home :/
You'll be bffs again tomorrow.
Panda express.
I promise I will, at some point!
Lessons can be pretty hard.
Don't worry too much about scoring.
You can learn a lot from feedback in wrong answers.
s/b ok.
I'll tweet question tomorrow if I have 'em.
A man impales his foot on a piece of hidden rebar after jumping into Lady Bird Lake.
The painful details at 9.
My son before diagnosis was told he graduated speech after diagnosis he qualified for speech again I told them he needed it
: Tomorrows been cancelled ???
I didn't know you the power to enact that
What a nice work out and smoothie run with and
.
Comedians, sometimes, have an element of truth in what they say.
If this is true, what a choice!
Sharon Creech is following me, y'all!
Omg its fckin early on sunday n im nowhere near late  cheaa
You know you can brew tea in a coffee pot, right?
Just ran into some trees...
Whose going out tonight?!
Ready to get wild!
YESYESYES you guys I hate that im so far from you:
yep.
There are a few cute gender neutral names...but two very boy names in a row?!
Damn, Tony Cornish is my new favorite MN representative.
I'm moving to something called Vernon Center.
If your audience says you're Blue online, you are Blue  regardless of how much money you spend to tell them you are Red new Branding
Now I am replying to you!
Have you figured out how to change your background.
What do you want to tweet about?
This afternoon, we are talking to Congressman Ed Perlmutter.
Let us know if you have a question for him.
down!!!
Bump set spike!!!
Tomorrow??
Will I ever have a six pack?
I hate situps but I have a bikini model shoot on monday...got to put in work
Inaction breeds doubt  fear; Action breeds confidence  courage.
Go out  get busy!
Carnegie
Feel free to support even if you're not in Dallas!
Thanks!
Follow us everyone!
We will be giving away items at least one a month!
RT We Want Jacob Latimore on EllenAnd im not saying this because im a fan im saying it because he is a HARD WORKING YOUNG MAN
I love my iPhone
Do they have Mexican food in Alaska?
I'll have to google it...I hope they don't only serve whale blubber a la carte
No las ah hecho :O lol
Great response!
Thanks for jumping in!
another killer segment w GrabbingmyNutsPoundingMyChest!!
WHAT IS IT
Hey Bruins!
Happy spring break!
Have you considered spending it on the slopes?
There's tons of snow !
Does anybody other than want to go see 21 Jump Street with me?
Very true David!
I've found that once you change and retrain staff to be and think positive the atmosphere of the school changes.
you'd be surprised at how well knows this song.
Oh wow that would be good!
Aww don't be sad!
Cheer up and relax with some music or put on your favorite movie or show!
You know it's real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
Are you referring to dog poop park?
Librarians as curriculum design consultants at UNLV
Now is the time for me to get off of here and do my homework and study for test.
LUV.....
when are they going to be there??
I feel like dying
we need to see one of his videos retired be trippin on our fav
I cant wait until April 3!
Nike is set to show off the new NFL jerseys.
I just hope they don't change the packers look that much.
A quick 1k farewell session at Nautica today, time for bigger and better things
Ario: Re, postelection, The need for cost control and blocking power of minority party will keep everyone at the table,
Hey It's Monday.
Nuff said LOL
Today 5pm starts the new currency trading wk.
pay close attention to the large movements in the euro.
Except a slight up side the dwn we go
ELI2012 important to know square roots by hand in case you're stuck in the wilderness without devices.
ManvsWildMath
Hey Alabama  is that supposed to be a Houndstoothpatterned ribbon on the field?
What's that about?
Follow and support southcarolina farms, farmers, and
Attending launch of NTIA's digital literacy portal at Coppin State U.
Portal goes live later today!
every time you use XML, a JSON angel dies.
Must be paranoid ?
Anyone wanna start a huddle??
Google 
I saw a good wtf one at my hotel.
It said quot;Cocktailsquot; and had a QR code below.
Do I scan it and get a doctornk?
hot hot world man
at best
morgan signed with the Redskins.
:
having you hold me and touch my stomach is just the most amazing feeling
Well I just need to stop bowling cause I suck.....
okay time to go to this boring class :
My boyfriend's new job is taking over our lives  I hate it 
Discover and produce an ACTUAL lost work of Shakespeare, thus leading to worldwide fame and eternal canonization
Thx to everyone who made it out on a school night last night.
It was an awesome show.
We will do it again tonight up in Santa Fe.

TV ads for 'orig art' at 'Starving Artist' sale coming upwhat a DISGRACE to Real artists in LV!
this dvd menu screen is totally bitchin.
Perhaps because education will be the main tool, and not locking people up or shooting at them.
It's not a childoctorn's book at all.
My bad.
I was making a joke and didn't bother to explain afterward.
And no vampires.
:
so if tony stark wasn't tony stark, you would be tony stark?
fantastic, gotta try to start the Sunday night hmwrk crackdown wompwomp.
We graduate SO SOON
no no no their not loll
Laura just getting over a cold.
Now it's my turnjust starting.
: Yes, let's!
I'd love to connect.
Will reach out when I'm in Atlanta next.
Should be soon.
Do you have a Facebook Page?
So when can we expect the Fairytale Divorce of Kim Kardashian Part 12?
Tom Brady over 500 yards passing.
WOW!!
We're hiring.
Send a note to
Amazon Fresh should expand to Vashon.
I bet it would be a great market, I would totally pay extra for the ferry delivery.
wahoooooooooooooooooooooooo!
You are officially a rock star too, in case you didn't feel that way also 
Maybe I should start my homework...nope ill just look up sexy pics of
is upset that we can't stop at the BK with the largest indoor playground in the US.
stop playing tice.
L.A !
thats how you get down im disappointed!
!!
Save the date..April 30th and May 1st auditions for the NYC summer youth production.
Place Times TBA.
i wore your 3D glasses into Walmart and i got some weird stares haha but im just represesenting my purple swagger :P luv you!
Talk this morning with Mel Chin, Swoon, amongst others was inspiring; New Orleans will continue to rise as an art epicenter.
RT One of world's most powerful questions: can you give me a concrete example?
for every purchase you make, we will donate a pair of ShareHappy socks to a child in need.
do we get any hints?!
lol
i was hoping that Bones doesn't forget about Dancing Falangies : :
Thanks, you're the sweetest!
RT
I knowww I love it!!!
giants you're killing me!
Bruce Springsteen is rocking out, no photos bc this place is a madhouse and were in the nosebleed section
New name and Avi..
We're thrilled to be working with you and
putting me to work I love it!!!
Hey Designers, what are your thoughts on crowdsourcing?
For it?
against it?Don't care?
DM me.
Thx.
MT If world ever learns names of those Navy SEALs who took out Bin Laden, those guys will never have to buy their own doctornks again
Occupiers want to take the Goverment away from Big Corps.
and give the power back to the people
RT if you suffer from reptile dysfunction.
I may have accidentally unfollowed 2 people, I may not have, I'm just not sure...if it was you, let me know please!
To our snowy club members on the west coast, come home and enjoy sun or Aloha!
Trees along 35th are just starting to change color  so pretty with the October sun filtering through.
Sure next weeks slot is full but how about Monday 04/23?
what's the best way to shoot you some instrumentals?
I'm in ATX at
Just checked it out for you.
No issues  just a character limit for each txtbox.
Try cutting down text and see if that works.
well bah humbug
Baby Gabriel case: Messages flew between principals
Methinks that is a legislation wonk.
You should run for ALA Council!
:
The new twitter is weird...
Ok im woke now
well at least he will be there!
Glad to hear it.
I saw some photos of Karl on fb and he is starting to look like your dad
How about this....for every project I do for free, the other 3 must be PAID work!
: Nobody deserves a ring more than lebron Forreal after the sorry ass teams he had to cope with those 7 years in Cleveland.
I was never one to doctornk my own brew..usually because I wound up thinking my men were against me and it could end very badly for that person
oh ok then : haha
russ f is like an old boyfriend who was just the best thing going as long as he was the center of attention.
when i mentioned my life....
this girl is gonna kidnap me , make me Dj for her and I'm gonna be Mia....hahaha watchoutforvanessa lol
ME TO!
...
I guess I should say, go mister.
patsos!
love Michele!!
:
PR Tip: The media loves Best  Worst Lists.
Can you pitch a story about the best and worst bosses, parents, exercises or excuses?
OMFG THEY USED RACHAEL'S QUESTION.
I KNEW IT THE MINUTE HE SAID RACHAEL FROM CANADA HOLY TALETO
great question from about genderbased expectations wrt to tinkering
This SFGiants game is getting really good.
I'm at the right now.
Super Secret Show y'all!!!!
Only 4 people.
So super dooper secret show!!
Why is it that everytime I tell someone I meet at gdc that I'm an indie iOS game developer they immediately assume I'm looking for a job?
I just passed six trucks.
All I was doing was keeping up with the Prius.
Hey, it's Unicorn Shepherd u need 1 to lead the rest of the unicorns that make up your designvelopment team.
:p
Send me good quotes!
I'll reTweet the good ones : GO!!
Seriously, I just love film festivals.
I cleared up my Google Reader subscriptions and already feel liberated!
:
It's part of the storyline...he'll be back: I'm confused.
Why did leznar come back to begin with?
No more wrestling tweets.
You too :o
of course : follow me 333
Yes!
Media spins carts vs.
restaurants but we are cut from same cloth.
Like to hear more on how you'd integrate.
One of the many things I miss about living in the Wash, DC area: SOTU doctornking games.
good news!
I'll show you around town while you're here
so i told her hey u into fitness?
how bout fitness dick in ya mouf
.
they'll be out from 124pm serving up lemonade..bring friends and spread the word :
just ate something called stew cream.
learning astounding things about Japanese cuisine.
I have a sassy cabin attendant named Angee.
This should be fun.
It's worth it!
They taste so good!
That feeling when you realize you left your laptop cord back at home and need to buy a temporary replacement tomorrow.
Wish that was doing something!
Just moved up here and don't see an active website/events :
I can honestly say jessica your amazing and i love you oh soo very much ....
We need to hang out in the summer..
kloveee youu Tyler J
Ah, the Grand Opening.
Good times.
Josh Hamilton did not play on Reds when they won the division in 2010.
Indian stocks to watchMay 11
The sabbath was made for man and there fore must give way to man's necessity.
Thank you.
and I are glad you liked the book :
Well, here's another: There are 336 dimples on an American regulation golf ball.
The British version  330.
Thinking about all the things you've been through makes me know you will be okay.
I love you !
: Typically early morning.
Somewhere between night and sunrise.
:
I've been alive the whole time bb
Liam hemsworth is yummy.
Nuff said.
i'm magic.
I actually wasn't there at all.
scouts honor shanay o'connor
too nice to come back inside
Already loving the support I'm getting from , but I'm not at all surprised.
I'm ready for the 2012 One Shining Moment video
Thanks!
We'll get together soon!
I'm playin' Monday!
Kobe is a coldblooded killer...gonna be a great game!
Just finished Generation Kill series and I enjoyed it.
Hoorah!
Effective leadership is putting first things first.
Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
i think it is wholly inappropriate that they sell 'love cuffs' in the toy section in cvs.
thank you catholic womens college for this POV.
.
Is that all trash that has already been collected by the bandalong, or was it filled for a photo op?
Just sent off the copyright form for my article...Publication processes are interesting...very mystical and otherworldly
the only thing that loves doing more than playing his violin for you is pretending he's Tom Cruise in Top Gun
Congrats on the big win today!
DBoys using Trapstarz, Inc.
are not DBoys anymore they are BusinessOwners now and the House and Rolls Royce Phantom is accounted for!
Watching Disney movies and eating pizza with Kayleigh.
I'm so glad my best friend is so happy all the time now even when I'm not.3
Don't forget  IEPPal introduction and training webinar tomorrow, September 7th, at 1:00pm Eastern  send us an email to register!
GSLIS Students, please join in for a lunchtime lecture by Melanie Kimball in P210 at noon.
Bring your lunch and enjoy light refreshments!
Verstehe.
You're in good company in that regard.
omg go audition!!!
I'm 1 for 1 on my new years resolution....to start peeing the bed.
At someone elses house.
Happy new year!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
so cute :
Second night with Kenny Barron.
Can't wait for the 10:00 set!
Im Rockin in my Rock Jeans
My name's Paul,and that's between y'all..
Pitino's trial starts 2day N Ville.
Should B interesting what is brought out during the trail no bueno during recruiting period
ok the norm lol I thought u just went al out
BYE TALK TO YA LATER :
Going back to basics with Aiden..
getting him some Boardgames for his birthday.
About to start another weekend in KC.
The team gets back this weekend time to grind.
Players are made in the off season.
I hope they r ready
Love that scene!
Back in the good ol' days when AZ had a production incentive bill and Old Tuscon Studios was very active
mix going strong I can't wait for people to watch this one!
Respect is earned.
merry Christmas!!
I so fucking love your voice.
What planet are you from?
how about quitting altogether?
I hate competition  more than anyone I know.
RT : Happy Friday.
Support your local economy today.
Shop at a local independent businesses.
Make an effort.
lolol i know ;
I'm so jealous, I got kicked out and can't get back in!
All the cool kids are partying without me.
So I'm cleaning  not only found a HamburgerHelper box w/a Best If Used By date of 5/09, I also found my GB season tix postcard ..
76,813
Sarah I just fucking love you to pieces, okay?
3 xD
hey, am I going to see you guys at DML?
i did shoutout please
ah come on!!
Give it up for the polar bears!
Can't wait to sniff all of you on June 22nd ;
.
Thank you, Jan, for including my post in your Daily at ONEY.
I appreciate the nod.
Dina
checking in to MARAC early, eh?
longest, hardest, weirdest, most tiring and emotional track meet there was...but it was by far the best :
We opted for the family style fried chicken.
My husband said it was like an angel made his dinner.
Ahhhmazing
Have a great Friday tweeps
Can't wait to check out tonight for the first time.
do you miss Chicago'?
Harvard makes me vomit RT : Switching this article I'm revising from MLA format to Chicago to APA to Harvard JUST FOR FUN
Why did justice Scalia reprise Dana Carvey choppin broccoli routine as a basis for deciding the fate of our health care????
I'm at a public liberal arts college in WNYwhat are your requirements for a Prince conf?
VERY SERIOUS.
I like the concept, been following the inventor on twitter, but implementation seems kinda complicated.
Sat at an Indian.
All I can smell is curry.
Can't order.
Need to wait!
ya okay
Merry Christmas
WINNER!
RT Apparently for antonio cromartie it's having babies.
RT: What's your most ridiculous sports superstition?
Alas although didn't make it to NY to see FELA!
this weekend I am going to see Kankouran tonight at Dance Place.
thanks Kevin!
I got a membership so I have no excuse now lol
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE THATS THE MOTTO NIGGA YOLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
: Friday or Saturday night?.
GEMINI is playing Saturday night at Carey's Tavern in Westfield  10pm.
yo the link won't work?
same reason we need ID to get ID??
Scrum moves forward, turns, pen, 12 trees kicks to touch
Coffee and a cigarette ..
ahh .
Goodmorning !!
UR out of your mind putting Miller at 20.
Easy top 10...
maybe even top 5.
Great sight lines, close to downtown and the food!
And Portugal the man is apparently terrible.
Two weeks most likely.
Seriously, it's about to be food coma in a few min.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter.
Some day I intend reading it.
Hey library folks: is it weird to attend the preconference and NOT go to ?
Don't know if I can manage both.
Okay let me get started on doctorwing this Logo so i can get to designing!
Anyone want to join me for the Seattle Rain Festival?
It's from January 1st until December 31st.
I think your twitter account has been hacked.
I got a funny picture message from you.
Oregon SoS office says that the only way business registration laws are enforced are thru B or civil legal action.
Great meeting you last night!
Thanks again for attending wtw2012 and being a great role model to young women!
My Religion is simple; My Religion is kindness  Dalai Lama

what the fuck you know about bein' in danger?
lucky.
I got a bag of rocks on my news desk.
just watched the Dex finale last night...
I was on the edge of my seat!!
and the end!!!
ah!!!
RT A Leo cannot be tamed.
If auths, eds, and pubs cant make a living off of books, THAT will stop the flow of info, not the high cost of ebooks.
It's hard to forget those that give you so much to remember.
Is it just me...
or do I smell Santa...
Maisie and Opal.
Can't wait for Spring.
Seriously?Sent it out like 2 weeks later, I think.
Email your addoctorss to and I'll send another one
And...
your looking at me!!
lol nah, i wish!
About to see Coalesce.
Just got my boots!!!
:
RT : The journey from bitterness to forgiveness helps us build muscle to take the journey from forgiveness to trust.
Can't wait for tonight!
February Housing Scorecard Details Fragility of Market
you gotta come grab it yourself, I couldn't get pat his application either
Time for an eye appointment.
Woo!
I'm terrible with filler words too!
Practice on Twitter: the character limitation can actually help you become more concise!
Awesome, thanks for the suggestion!
R.
I.
P.
Aunt Jane
I can wait longer
My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
i Love you Julian 3!
Its back...
DmvShod New Mobile App Download Now FREE Go to ur Andoctorid Market and search DMVSHOD
yea that year was fun
its not unknown I already knew that:
lol that akward moment when somebody i.m you and you look and say oo there go his/her stalking ass
Thanks for the follow 3 xoxo
Anyone got opinions on the Nokia N79, Casio Exilim or SE 903a?
Please help me pick a phone!
Should keep lib love of tech in mind I suppose
what's up kid killin it in my charger lol
you and good friends now?
Hey Mo, when're we going to talk about that animated series?
ugh...
stuck at my mom's work while she's at a meeting....
so so so bored!!!!
P
Just loaded Hootsuite to the doctorid.
Any tips?
OFFICIALLY A COLLEGE SOPHOMORE!
My homegirl is on her way here!
Sounds good.
Our next session is 2/18.
send me email to
It's URCAD, one of the most exciting days of the year !
I love my bus doctorver!
He bought everybody on the bus a 5 gift card!
That's like 500 for everybody!gunna go buy a hobo a cheeseburger now!!
Can't wait for my pureromance party with on Saturday!!
Get ready :
RT : If you wanna be trusted, be honest.
maybe just a little thing;
would love to hear do a cover of ain't now but it's gonna be
I enjoyed watching you as a player and listening to you announce games.
what has been ur biggest adjustment to being a coach?
Lmaoo Dang, you caught me up.
is that your boo 
Oh man.
On a tour bus.
Dude from opening band is trying so hard.
World is insane.
nuthan hit my phone.
In an old Chicago meat plant, greens and fish grow
Today is Cyber Monday.
But just barely until we have cyborgs and the super internet.
Until then enjoy semicyber monday.
hahah I don't make sense!
is sitting at a keyboard in front of a screen, smiling at the dirt under his nails.
Today is a nice day for tanning .
FLKING U NOT CING JOE JONAS
I would love for someone to make a street team of me soon!
:
I'm at the north end of Broadway.
it a man game woman...LOL
best afternoon pandora station empireofthesun happyfriday!
maybe we should go into the baking business
following the feed from the misterc event.
Interesting stuff!
I think Troy Mcclure needs more bubble gum b/c I doubt he can kick anyone's ass.
Oh man, AGREED!!!
RT : i can deal with no just fine.
the blow off infuriates me to no end.
I think it's pretty unfair how Santa gives the more expensive presents to the wealthier kids.
rat is following me on twitter.
LOL.
So long
just paying rent on time and keeping the lights on haha
I know, right?
It certainly has a professorund effect, esp if social or physical dev is behind intellectual
5 years?
Wow.
I need some of that mojo.
I had a doctoram last night that birthday was 2 days ago  I forgot to tell her..
I felt soo bad!
Haha
Being alive may not be a choice.
i want to go sky diveing .
welcome to the family!!
we're excited to be working with you :
Never that, son!
RT : CHELSEABarcelona
Thanks for sharing.
It was a crazy fight
Dang it, I've been without a phone for like 2 days and my life already blows!!!
Yes .
First time bitch !
I did end up setting my fuzzyfinder to semicolon, though  which has made opening up files extremely fast.
The hashtag for Lifestyle Pavilion tweets it BJALP Get your tweet on!
He was good 4 Alex, but I'd say Mia.
They were a good match.
RT : OTH POLL: Chase should've ended up with...
unfortunately not :
i thought today would be a good day.
then i got smashmouth stuck in my head.
I have a slight headache
: practice today...
we're canceling it to give our guys rest.
...
Erm, youngest team in the league?
these are stairs.
a perceptive old lady
heck yea ikr!
I be thinking the same thing when I watch it lol.
Lot of fellas don't know what they're doing such a laugh!
Hey I don't know what I'm doing either.
My album been out 2 months and if you don't have it by now thanks for nothing.
Maybe i will convert you next album into a supporter
word.
And that's what matters!
I LOVE it.
I would definitely suggest you get one :
stop it im so jealous!!
Mediation brief due tomorrow.
No time to tweet.
Not quite a wedding ruining, but this sort of happened to me.
When people fake the dance moms accounts I can't c how they're fans by faking an account especially the dancers they're just kids why fake?
Never let a man on a pedestal be the first to inform you.
All Digs Go to Heaven 2
Jamie Moyer is a bad ass motherfucker
Yes I can take a joke but you saying mean stuff about me isn't funny
I tweet my allergy finds 4 the love of sharing I'm NOT paid by any of the companies.
If that changes I'll let ya know!
Thx 4 following.
Dear Bitches, Im Glad Yhu Hate Me Keep Hating Yhu Just Making Yourself Weaker Weaker Everyday For Yourself I Appreciate Yhur Convos about me
Lias happy hour is in my humble opinion the best in Friendship Heights area!
so wait, does the Volvo have NOS?
haha
Its a final: Bloomington South 76, North Central 66.
Nice!!
Ohh Today is going to be a great day!!!!
they know and they got a need, BG might not want to see u fly away but BHS teachigs need to be taught like wu tang
: RT : Loving my nude lip gloss.
It's perfect for my natural makeup :
Lots of work and little sleep.
Thankful for a day of rest tomorrow.
...After I get off at 9:30
Youth totally related to my life,now I realize God gives his hardest battles to his toughest soldiers.Amazed how clearly His messages come.
Ewan McGregor joins Cannes jury  BBC News
Bronzer should always be 24 shades deeper depending if using it to to bronze or contour.
: pissed next to Patrick Kane today........mifflin legoblues Life's downhill from here.
TwitterPeopleILove Stanford Ace
SDHome/Garden Magazine Adds Three Chefs to its Hall of Fame Roster in December issue!
Come in and try our NEW delicious Panini's!!!!
Fresh made just for you when you order!
This is just not my day.
The graduation of frat boys to frat men: when they wear socks with their Sperrys.
Why do people dislike rail transportation so much?
It seems to make sense to me and would get cars off of the roads.
Social media so much more integrated into our lives.
Hard to maintain seperate identity.
wow you got talent i didnt like rap but since i heard fok mwen ale i started listening to rap and i heard la vi bel
Oh you MUST have peanut butter in there  maybe its anchoring the chocolate squares?
Im sad I wont be able to go to TNR at tonight.
No ride!
Bo!
:
I'm sure you look fine but makes sense!
Exciting times!!!
3.2 innings 2 hits, 7 k's, I wanna thank Willy P, for throwing 95 and then allowing me to come in throwing 77 mph changeups
Want to help a new Houston theatre We are trying to get 500 followers by 9/9 when FarragutNorth opens.
Mention or RT
Appreciate What You HAVE Before It Becomes What You HAD.
sorry to burst your bubble im not the girl from last night lmfao stop sexting me
totally.
Well, my clothes will be dirty.
Listen to what when It comes to a better duo.
Watch the show tonight!
im so tired :
i meant to say hurt you lmaoo this laptop is stupid
uhh that what it seems.
and yea i dont know you cause we dont talk.
and yea :P
Loving your hair when it is perfectly straight.
ThingsIWantTheMost Tons of VoiceOver and Illustration work!
And this recession to end.
I'm having twitterpeeps withdoctorwal.
Got used to seeing everyone!
STEP YO COOKIES UP !!!!
Ambien scorched my tongue on chocolate cake last night :
I like long walks on the beach  have 3GB of FREE cloud storage!
What more do you need in a social search engine
RT : It takes a campus community  a good experience to bring in a class.
Good rect  deliver on promise  enrollment success
Sup Long Beach!
Didn't get to watch but I'm gonna vote tonight!
How did my boy do tonight?
Score?
Don't forget to vote for him!!!
Let us walk you through your debt relief options.
Hey look, Adele!
Guaranteeing that this documentary will become fiction
how did Etem do?
FUCK YOURSELF TWICE.
I am getting hungry, as always.
TNT NBA EJ..tell chuck tonight's the night he's really goin to lose like a man
what the fuck is school?
This ones for all you mom's out there !
Everywhere I look, you're all I see.
Did you mean anything?
Can't you see you're my everything?
is here giving all our clients glammakeuplesson ...
so jealous!
Taking Dan to Mendocino when I get my royalties check.
It was a beautiful thing, wasn't it?
RT When you run behind a nigga and have nothing going for yourself.., I refuse to Respect You!!
how does one go to bed early?
Off to facilitate a client's leadership development forum that combines case discussions with action learning.
Awesome week ahead!
ooc; as you wish babe, don't let your daddy break your heart again!
love these guys tweets!
follow them!
I would have stayed up with you all night,had I known
doctorams are illustrations...
from the book your soul is writing about you.
Marsha Norman
RT Starting my diet and exercise back up tomorrow!
Seriously.
Hoodies are just attachable hats.
When your head gets cold, Where's my hat?
Right in back.
Don't gotta look for it.
Haven't Talked To In A While
Gotta Go!
The Big Mac is now buy one get one FREE!
If you need burst of powerful perspective on our shallow preoccupations, begin reading Empty Promises by
14846 try it
I'd make her stay up with me lol
Hey !
?
For U!
How do u get a price quote of a prospective route before actually scheduling/requesting the doctorver to pick you up?
PULP tonight!
Talk of Pulp is making me crave octopus, though.
I find that to be a beautiful thing.
Go Flyers!
ok, time to take a
Live Irish music on a Sunday night.
Sounds good to me!
have great valentines day!
awesome spanking penz!
RT I love reading.
You know why Ms.
Cori?
It makes my brain learn more.
kindergarten student at a City Year school
Do what you love!
Let us know if we can help...
NOBODY WILL ANSWER ME!!
I had a blast tonight at redkiva with thank you
ok thank god bc i just retweeted them and noticed the title was long hair dont care and laughed to myself 4 a good 2 minutes
Hey : 247 the thunder will roll!!!!
New Music Coming March 20th, 2012...
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy...
Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make...
vilma out for the year...
bucs sign a paralyzed dude...
good day to be a falcons fan!
Okay, what's everyone doing for Valentines Day...
Besides the obvious ;
Welcome Love 33
Hey, Glenn.
Can I hire you to promote my novel???
:0
People do annoying shit, gotta grow up and ignore that shit man
Last night got weird.
I wish I was still sleeping.
I want Dunkin Donuts.
Let's never forget Mary Pat Shelby.
She's gone through a lot...
Thank you !
...and thanks for the attempted tweet
Getting ready to take the kids to doe their springfling!
DM your email and the last one is all yours!
One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why.
Author unknown
Just what I needed to start my day: An email with the subject head Whiskey Flavored Sex Lube.
Thank you, food PR people...
when does school start like 8?
Definitely going out and celebrating.
I been on 10 all day listening to music!
Ready for tonight!
Giving a Second Chance to an Old Friend  The Wheat Free Family
Happy Month Three Hattie Margaret!
We love you.
the fact that she thinks she and aubrey are just strong women makes me sick.
i amand i don't bully people!
working that African Workout today  Tribal Energy Cardio
then dont worry : your by my law more important than anyone
Mid Day snack attack time....SAMOSAS!!!
Be careful  they are addictive...
I don't know who did the list but am surprised I'm on it.
Well, barely on it.
In number 20.
As soon as someone starts telling you to be realistic..cross them off your invitation list!!!
I swear to god, why are there fireworks?
On an unrelated note, Burger King now delivers in Madison.
Tempted.
replacebandnameswithorgasm cage the orgasm, theory of an orgasm, orgasm from an airplane
Must of doctornk ATM'd 
RT : Just bring it!
allin.
This is our time!
if you say so
: Tweeting from the Asylum on or Kraft Beer Tour.....amazing.
Thanks for coming!
LET'S.
GO.
BULLS.
Wind energy c provide us with cleaner air and much healthier environment.
what's da name
what?
How could she have been with you all week if she was with me last night?
XD
I liked Hugh's song and dance numbers and the way the did things like the Screenwriting presentation
would love to
RT : Anyone have examples of inquiry based authentic learning in early elementary school classrooms.?
lol You'd certainly have a winning argment there !
How long do they plan on picketing?
they all over the PLACE
I do too!
And NOW the fight truly begins!
Samantha Shandoctorw, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
yeah she def is a WHOLE LOTTA that too !!
Well I'm done being a mexican for now the lawn is cut !
And it is sure to rain cats and dogs tonight  Just My Life
preferably an archival solution that doesn't rely on a corporate cloud.
I forgot to ask u how was Hawaii??
And CAs coo gettin fuckin hot tho lol
Game ain't over, Bucks were down 12
I don't actually HAVE nuts, but all of that sounds absolutely terrible.
Thanks for the FF!
We are grateful to have Fanny Starr's testimony in the archive.
Haha bet she was thrilled.
I hear there's a sequel to The Grey planned where Liam Neeson hunts down a ragtag bunch of planewrecked wolves.
Leah could of went, but i think are working the love bird angle a bit, that might be next weeks pick
coming to some events at on Wed and Thurs.
Checking out schedule now!
Slam Chase
Oh hai there!
Want someone to help hold you accountable to your fitness goals?
I'd love to be that person!
Just ask:
Getting some music ready 4 Cathouse tonight...
Gotta make sure I rock the new singles from and from
Only 13 hours until it's time to kick off St.
Patty's week!
yes I'll send you a DM with it.
i am going..
i can't stay up any longer.
i had a nap today so i couldn't sleep tonight
That is opportunity cost.
When you test in 2 domains, other domains lose focus.
hope Vaughn makes the team!
RT Rick Perry's favorite numbers are 1, 2 and...
and...
um...
oh, what's that other one?
My bad.
I didn't even get to meet him 
What a great night for New York baseball!!!!!
According to the dentist's office, I never existed.
According to Stevens, reality is not the thing but the aspect of the thing.
The Maya calendar is going to keep going and keep going for ...
a huge number that we can't even wrap our heads around.
Budweiser...what I doctornk before I discovered real beer.
im confused
Worked 9 hrs now to work out!!!
:
Thanks so much, I love being in an artist's network of support  encouragement, best friends ever!
i guess i'm about to find out?
:D i haven't seen it yet, but i keep hearing that it's beautiful.
did u go to the dance?
hello hun how you doing
You can't go wrong by following any of the doctor, BloodHorse writers, etc.
also tweet a bunch, too.
YEEEEESSSSSSSS I LOVE IT!
Skifta  PC Magazine
RT : Don't block the cock...
you gotta guide it  lol freak
Important movie to see.
RT : If you are on Twitter, please retweet this seeredtailsmoviethisweekend AND make it your hash tag
Do Something.
If it works, do more of it.
If it doesn't, do something else.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
I like the view from here, so far I can't see you from here.
Aye!!!
I've really learned a lot this year.
Funny to look back upon it all
Steelers...Jets?..
Big day on the blue clay for Kastles at the on Monday with , and all in action!
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.
Denis Waitley
PROCRASTINATION WHY DO YOU EXIST!!!!!!!!
Thank you!
Anything that's not a chain is always helpful!
This Fucking jackhammer noise this morning said fuck my sleeping in plans 
trying to arrange something in san palo with bicycle film festival eventually yes
All that me and talked about yesterday was the 1D interview when the interviewer say louis name wrong istillloveyoulouis 3
almost finished!
Whos got the data?
Interdependencies in Science and Technology Collaborations.
Coming to a journal near you soon...
Awww!!
Im sorry!!
Hopefully something lively happens!!
Then it won't be soo boring!!
:3
I really want to watch Kat Williams now.
its been a busy list lately.
I think its a good thing :
hey doll!
I miss you  love seeing all the success with Tornado Warning though.
You go!
The world needs people like you.
haha I see you chief..how you been?
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us

send it over Chris
He's honoring his Smurf brethren.
Y does Leif have his face painted?
to knit or to tweet, that is the question RT : Love that I'm sitting in the sca11 plenary with knitters, working on my socks.
no just snow
Aimee Bohn is the only person who retweets my stuff.
hey u need to fucks wit WTB foreal fucks wit that room
my brother is the biggest retard i have ever met
Oh thts cool.just a normal day in Ohio.terrorists tried to blowup a bridge 15mins from my house.
Oh yeah and I had an amazing doctoram with last night ;D
Is everyone ready for Halloween this year, I know I am, please tweet what you're gonna be and I'll tell you what I'm gonna be
and to follow me
Can't remember whether I go in at 8 or 9 tomorrow.
Oh well  I'm picking 9 and they'll call me if I'm wrong :D
When we are no longer able to change a situation...
We are challenged to change ourselves.
I will retweet one of your tweets if you retweet one of mine!
lemme know
Wait, what?
159 is the cheapest ticket?
girl i been tweeting yuu!!
LOL
Mane a nigga 2 hungry...wat should I get???
Ive entered the x StonedImmaculate contest.
Miller Park attracts alot of out of state fans.
I.e.
Cubs Cardinals Bucks dont do that.
You better watch out.
Cows can get hurt by the flying balls coming out of the
You would be a great radio interview.
Belts.
They are the best investment!!
We would be honoured to have you on our show Dorian, your life story shared will inspire our listeners :
Relationship capital is the new venture capital  its the relationship that creates value.
That definitely sucks.
Consider all the related economic ramifications, like the prices for bakery items  cakes going up!
hey guys, were just checking in to see how that blurb is coming along.
:
What would it cost to bring the laser rocket arm to Texas?
I need a decent second starter behind me.
I love wedding jams!
Tweet or die brroo
You can only run from your problems until you realize the world is round and you will just end up running right back into them.
Wish I didn't know now, what I didn't know then
3/20/1754R Dinwiddie:I was favourd w/ your Letter inclosing Lt Col Commission..I am vain enough to believe I shall not be an unfit Member
I once lived next to a couple named Pat and Jan.
She was Pat and he was Jan.
Date for No Doubt's new albumSeptember 25th
TGIF.
What are you planning for this weekend?
it's been to long since we've talked..
I'm glad I'm not the only person to take offense of his approach!
Thank you.
I know it is late in the day for FF but my schedule seems a bit off!
Happy day 2
do you know whats on the menu of these 1000 dinners he has?
Is Todd Haley doctorssed as a bum for Halloween?
I'm on at about 10pm!
Stop thru and doctorp me a line :
First the school rally, now hanging out !
Sorry if I wake any of u up last min challenge sorry I apologize for every thing to but I like to be consideret of other people :D
Awww!
Tell Girum Jen says HI!
I hope you enjoy your ride!
:
Ariana Grande is awesome who thinks so too?
The true essence of love is continuously loving someone without knowing the reason why you love him/her.
She acts like summer  walks like rain
I've seen two ESPN aired baseball game's and each time you guys talk about twitter..
DO YOUR JOBS
Picking up my technics today
BRUINS!
1pm stop by and visit!
Gay bingo only at the cabaret
Things Happen For a Reason..
Brochures are in the mail!
Not on our mailing list?
Email for more info!
816.531.PLAY www.unicorntheatre.org
Topeka bound!
Get to listen to Cali sing the John wall for 45 mins.
Words can be dangerous.
Please write responsibly.
because it happens everyday...innocent people get killed...
NIce tips for 'forking' our syllabi: crediting provenance and innovation.
Yea i have my concerns!
Late to the game, but congrats to and everyone else who became a Doctor of Philosophy!
or Master of Science!
today!
Mom: I'll sleep out here Me: Ur not sleeping on the couch.
Take my bed  I'll sleep out here Mom: Why, so u can watch dirty movies?
WTF?
work work work.
Fun fun in a bun.
glee How much fun is this show?
I hope it lives up to the pilot and garners a strong following.
surprise to know one.
Still wish he'd have stayed a year to develop as a receiver.
Support him 100 though.
Oh good to know, then Thurs.
might do that!
I think more people can make it when it's late at night.
OKayy so i'm gonna go back and read .
Tweet ya later 3
GSA and SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from FastFurious to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT
If there is anything we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could b
how is your day going and if you ever want to talk just hit me up
Can't wait to get home, so I can use my laptop again!
Everybody go vote for Megan and Liz in the I Heart Radio Contest right now!
You can vote up to 25 times a day!
Perfect night for Tampico and a movie!
What do you recommend?
Just lost that hard 10 pounds after reading 4 Hour Workout.
A few changes in food intake and exercise.
All in a few weeks
today is that something special happen
heh!
does one ever need excuse?

the Library: its dead here, which is nice because it means I get to work on my flyer on teen books being made into movies.
havent even been to bed yet
Hm maybe you shouldn't be wearing a doctorss and have your legs spread apart with company over...so trashy.
your welcome3
Frozen yogurt:!
love them!
new fave
Just saw a guy that looks like Joe Paterno pick his nose outside the liquor store.
Got that sucker bet.
there's no ale8 anywhere but ky.
Use to make my parents bring it to me when we lived in SC.
what did they do?
Didnt see it.
Lisa B helps you cover a great deal of seasonal ground in this eclectic, fun and highly entertaining release.
Jazz blog
beats and rhymes.....
how do you get verified
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
Oprah
Clary Sage Herbarium!
You rock our world!!!
your welcome hun:
thanks girl 
District Track Meet tomorrow and I should be asleep :/
I think I made a lot of friends at work because I'm just bad ass everyone wants a chance to talk to me.
Lol jk
safe travels home 2misterw.
Hope u both had gr8 weather  a good day.
Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond.
Miguel de Cervantes, Don Quixote, 1605
so true.
I consider myself the epitome of masculinity.
: I don't take it seriously, though.
Ignorance no longer phases me.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
Peter, Sunday, Philly how many more of these days will I have left here on the east coast
Thx and just sent message to my rep and hope he is a transit supporter!
Dennis Probst wants his tail back.
Yes.
Disappointingly misleading!
That's cool.
If you know anyone selling tix, let me or Nick Fink know.
Appreciate it!
: is the new Anna Quindlan in stock yet?
Is the ' in?
The new NF re: Grant?
Random wants.
What do people do friday night in Orlando Florida?
I wanna play tennis..where are all my tennis opponents...
IM SO GLAD IM NOT AN ELEPHANT I WOULD NEVER GIVE BIRTH
I'm looking forward to reading it!
Hm, that analogy could use some work.
I hate women with large boobs.
Disgusting.
Lol
Why do I feel my brackets are already busted and the games haven't started yet?
Don't be afraid to try something unfamiliar when you get to electives.
I am often surprised when I love it!
thanks amy
pictures speak a thousand characters
Aw man, I gotta wear the socks I HAD ON YESTERDAY.
Now their all stretched out and weird.
notwhitewhineseriousbusiness Cc:
Squid Attack will be starting in 44 minutes at the Hawthorne BV, come and join us!
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.Henry Ford
:' i love you please forgive me it was my mom :'
Anyone else find the host of SweetGenius a little creepy?
p.s.
search backin up song on youtube!
hilarious!!
instant classic.
really?
I use it just enough I might start factoring into monthly budget
follow follow follow
Moving day!
Whoever invented the pillow pet should win an award for scamming kids.....before I throttle him/her.
AWESOME coverage and work tonight covering TampaCrit!
Jason and  thank you!
Tampa is GREAT!
Just got back to my hotel rm.
Sure womens conference in Springfield, MA.
Off the chain!!!
Thank you so much!
Please tell your friends about us, how are ya?!
That is what we love to hear!
Thanks!
what do you LOVE?
Sorry Seal.
My bad.
I spoke too soon
Kate Bowers: has 8 repositories using 1 instance AT
busy creating change, my brotha.
YOu?
I hope well.
Lol LA fans, line to get in game it's 740 game says 730 start.
Hope we don't miss too much of it
Do you know someone who needs a base tan or spray tan?
Refer a new client and get a FREE tan :
Did u get a booth at Two Keys??
RIP MCA.
Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party
Watching H2 and the history of Cocaine...
Dude said he didnt feel anything but was cleaning his house and talking bout nothing lol
These captainon photos on instagram are cracking me up.
Next up at WFUD12, the former Poet Laureate of the US!!
8pm performance 70 Sold!
Get your Tickets before they're gone!
4pm, show us your Thur/Sat/Sun SingleDay ComicCon badge  save 10
Tomorrow?
RT : Bayliss will be insufferable tomorrow.
aww thanks!
You are too!
:
thanks for the 15 update.
Good job!
: S/O to best sub ever Thank you for helping to make it great.
Lucky RT : Just lifted and ran with Dallas Clark at So I mean I guess it's been a pretty good Friday morning
Does anyone have song recommendations for Restaurant Creatives as we climb our mountain of work this beautiful Sunday morning?!
Did you get the day off for President's Day?
What did you brew?
Chiefs vs Bears.
Painfully boring to watch.
Alternative?
Broncos vs Vikings.
Hm...
maybe there's a bowling tournament on another channel.
Man walking dog this morning spotted flames, knocked on doors helped get people out of apartments.
its up to you bro!
Depends on how many verses you wanna do lol
thanks for the tweet!
Do you use pinterest?
Its a shame how People can let their whole lives be controlled by Jealousy
Mosley should just retire after this.
But i think his wife left him.
And took half.
So, u know what that means
yes ma'am
These powers can be a burden.
Its why so many men choose not to bear the burden and pick up the razor.
What is this Bears close the gap with Lions stuff?
Lions were a 10win team...
Bear were at least that if not for Cutler injury.
30 minutes into SVU,I solved the crime before they did.yeeuuuuhh c:
Happy Friday, Joey!
this is very exciting news!
I heart jelly.
Country  Western on the alarm.
I thought the wife was coming around.
Today I find out she tolerates it because it makes her want to flee.
Thanks so much for the FF appreciate it!
Nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken.
okay I'm off to watch the Yankee game until the season finale of NCIS puts me in my grave...adios!
HIghlight of halloween: the enthusiastic abandon I witnessed singing along to monster mash.
Lea Michelle should keep up with singing lessons.
I give her props for getting up there tho.
listening to lena dunham on fresh air.
i've made the switch and really dig her now, just sick of the overkill.
we will be there at noon and will be closing the doors til 5:30...but you'll be the first ones in line for sure!
:
I think I love airports!
getting a 22 in black jacks.....
That is 3'x3'?
It looks more like a rectangle to me?
AM I TAKING CRAZY PILLS HERE?
ah!
Your so lucky :
: RT : Inventing Twitter was pretty easy for because back then there was no such thing as Twitter to distract him from doing it.
Knowledge isnt power until it is applied.
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Memorial Day Weekend.
is also secretively a lecherous being.
:P i've found out over dinner.
it was fun!
Welcome !
WelcomeJJ  Looking forward to the Official Welcome JJ Ceremony on April 13th!
Get ready for Spring Break....remove all that unwanted body hair!
20 off all waxing on Sunday with Jackie!
Call for your reservation!
I'm a boss tuckboi fresh
BlueRock has an video internship position open!
Please email with a resume and cover letter.
Bonnie Blodgett: It's boardoctorom vs.
bedoctorom in America
Do the right thing and check out my friend Benje at
Saw Angels Crest on Netflix.
Enjoyed it.
You played a convincing dad.
Sad ending.
Would have killed for a blooper reel.
Off the hook for getting my folks presents for the next year.
At least.
I Should've Kissed You when i got the chance to .
/3
I would happily work at an Irish taco place!
LuckOfTheIrish  taco 
HECK NAH.
THT FOOD WAS GOOD SON!!!!!!
You guys did good tonight.
Evan, sorry for Alberto earlier
thanks for checking out my youtube page.
Baseball on the big screen and fiction on the small one.
I have no complaints.
And of course I did not just watch all of Footloose leading to a cascade of preteen dance memories.
Did you doctorss up for Halloween this year?
What were you?
we love it!
Did you know: That as soon as President Jackson's horse stepped off the bridge leading from Castle Garden it collapsed?
RT Too bad we didn't have Twitter in 1933.
We could have just thrown some ribbons on our avatars  prevented the Holocaust.
.
Great story of startup hustle!
Great lessons to be learned!
will be opening at noon today!
but ehhh I don't feel like it .
Working with Jesse Allison on our new Flickr Gettr post Mumbai IIT and post LL Mediaplugin goodness
lol oh okay!
I was so freaking out hahah!
take it man!
If you have basic knowledge you will be fine!
You go through a lot of training.
Don't worry.
Please say this to my face.
I won't take it as hard as hearing it as a rumor.
aww Carms : why did u get grounded?
Not textn anyone today lets see who really care about me haa
Looking for someone who'd like to write a post or two about the joys of monogamous sex and keepin the fire burnin.
Contact me :
Lunch date with mom.
Seeing this 16 yr old on Americanidol really makes me feel like I should've went for it.
That should be me up there..
:'
Please don't use the refs as ANY justification to that performance
I'll bet you failed to do the proper PMCS on the book.
Never blame the tools.
At the REI complex in Denver.
Not sure if I'm awe struck or terrified.
DID IT
Advertising doesn't sell products, it just entices people to go online and research.
Julia Goldin, Revlon CMO
We are glad to know that you like ties, we like them too :
RT damn developers :P
Me and got some shit!
HIT ME MY PARTNA UP FOR BEATS FOR THE LOW!!
ANY GENREA GET AT US!!
nothing at the moment...head out to the city.
U?
no matter where you are in the world, The moon is never bigger than your thumb
ugghhhh, we can't be having this!!!!!!
Where y'all at tomorrow
this was so adorable!

Journalists shall b protected as civilians as long as they're not participating in violence, yet they r increasingly targeted.
that looks yummy!
Has anyone ever used a car shipping service?
We still have a vehicle in California we need to transport cross country.
name it man.
The chance to represent your country in the olympics has to be one of the ultimate honors any one person could achieve
SO EXCITED FOR THE FUTURE!!!
Everyone follow my little brother He has moved out to Los Angeles with me and big things are happening for him already!
:D
The film's director is here too: Ari Palos
Is it hot in here, or is it you?
can i have a bad bitch without no flaws come to meet me without no doctorwers
great!
Helfrich coming this week!
I like Jude's communication style: short, simple, selffocused.
Good morning Saturday.
we have lots to accomplish you and I.
gorgeous day in Austin.
spring cleaning  getting pumped about my upcoming nm tour.
lol perfect timing see ya than
Need to find another job, current 1 is nun but modern day slavery
Won my first softball game of the season!!:
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
Hey People:

You're very welcome!
awww miss you too tristan!
so much.
please let's catch up asap!!!
got so much to tell you.

Lamee security.
Yeah when she came out shes like dude is celeste here?
am like :o Idk Lets go find her  we didC:
thanks man!
I will talk to my sis about it but I'm sure I'll be seeing u later.
I'm not completely gay but I think plants are bored the same way as babies
The Siri beep sound is patented?
facepalm
It's 11:11 here , MY WISH IS TO FOLLOW ME :
brothers on the line  dc filmfest.
Story of the reuther bros.
Great evening.
Google it.
Mindless Behavior vs.
OMG Girlz ...
Can't wait!!!!
Trying a new thing with my RSS feeds.
I'm just adding anything that interests me to my Diigo or Safari Reading List.
I'll come back?
ok, so......how do you use this thing?
We're thinking that new one, but it's super cluby.
Not sure if the world can handle it.
means I lost me freaking car again lol I keep hitting panic button n nothing :
So exciting  thank you!
Please follow me so I can DM you with my info.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
Happy thanksgiving :
my boyfriend and my cousin are the only people that make me happy anymore hahaha
ha wow thanks!
did Justin almost fall ?
Lol
Tabernero: crisp, refreshing, hints of white peach, but listen to me gush, let the bottle speak for itself :
That awkward moment when your boyfriend is gay and everyone knows it except you...
Oo
what was I eating?
Question: Is a groovy cocktail in the morning a good thing?
Not on vacation.
Thanks.
Finished watching vs Corrales followed by Cotto vs Mosley.
I want to fast forward to May5 right now.
TY for the reminder!
Cant wait to nominate CEO/founder, for
up to 13 on the LA/OC blues charts in ReverbNation.
That seems so high.
Nose bleed area almost.
lol
Porcelain tiles are harder to cut due to their density and hardness.
Buddy is a fine candidate but I'm a Ron sort of guy!
HOLLER.
we're doing 3pm to 6amless than 2 more hours!
Happy Mother's Day!
Evil Jane is so hot
why do so many stores ask me to open a credit card account when I check out?
happy birthday to the ground
Sorry for the frustration.
Hopefully the delivery Friday will work out.
If not, still wish you all the best in new job.
I really need to get things going.
There is too much stuff happening.
Need to kick it up a notch
world peace?
Absolute EyeCare is now proudly a provider for BadgerCare patients currently enrolled in CCHP, Molina,  United Healthcare HMOs.
Pacabel's canon and U2 mash up.
No folks, this is what I will walk down the aisle to at my wedding.
I'm just now noticing that 1Q84 is coming out in paperback next monthfor just 50 cents less than the hardcover.
Helped my friend babysit yesterday.
Now my arms are sore from carrying childoctorn and giving piggyback rides.
But, they were adorable!
:
Serious ?: Is VA what would've happened if nonRomney vote had coalesced around Paul?
And if so, isn't what we have instead way better?
doctorw Something.
Username Candice2009
Off of twitter for a few days and they done change the look.
Damn Damnn Damn!
Still wish you'd help me find a song for a mix...
there's plenty more where that came from!
good god its spit it diff : check tha store new shit everyday
lol, yeah i'm still here...
5hr delay inside plane airlines 416; first it was ATC, now they're installing something.
Pilot  crew confused.
Horrible.
This deal you do not want to pass up!!!
hahah me too but she doesn't know that 
Why should I waste my tears on you.
Well said.
It's about being respectful of our fellow humans.
BUDGET WEEK: Amd 746 by Republican Rep Webster forces unemployed folks to do community service to get benefits
LOL !
Thanks for the shout out!
Do you live in a Southern state?
yes but will they keep Dodson..
Don't wanna go home tomorrow
make me a copy.
Just started following today so I've only seem 2
I can't wait for the new album.
I already pre ordered it on iTunes!!
what?
Sorry, i wasn't paying attention.
RT Guys suck at listening.
yo can I get a follow back Ma?
It's backyardigans time
I just did and I don't see anything yet
When you put on a doctorss and it looks like a shirt.
One of the golf contenders must be sponsored by google.
Her caddy has SEO on his back.
Good thing about being in Montana.
Lots Of GRIZ clothing available!
I feel like a looser not going to prom.....
webwise barry fishman on games: enable a lowered risk of failure, affording productive failure as a way of learning
Well at least you know for sure now.
hugs May it heal quickly.
aam2012 abt 150 people at seasion!
Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A CrossMuseum Research Report W.FamiliesInArtMuseums.org
Out shopping with an Italian.
maybe then post it for like a week and see if people like it...
it seems ramona is sick as a dog today.
right nows: say i have a green bean habit
RETWEET IF YOU WANT 20 NEW FOLLOWERS!!!
RT Jets kicker Josh Brown's base salary is 825,000 in 2012, per NFLPA records
Omg someone please give me a gun with a single shot please
Look!
A Box left under the tree !
It's a Jethro gift pack!
What product is featured on the Jethro Baits Home Page?
1St correct answer wins
Thx!
RT Free subscription to SSRN eLibrary gives you access to academic papers on law, management, IT etc.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND
What goes through ur head when u hear my name?
At a sports bar in Rochester, and they are cranking the Vikings fight song after the Rudolph TD...it's going over like a fart in church
RT  Cleveland Indians Clubhouse: A fresh face is needed for the ...
Happy Foursquare Day!
Don't forget to checkin on your next visit to Absolute EyeCare for great specials.
Good Morning Loves!!
Hope everyone has a blessed  wonderful day!!
: xoxo
Can't wait till I get on the road:
1/2 LIFE'S JOURNEY is not to arrive at the grave safely, in a well preserved body,
Steve Harvey is not now, and has never been funny.
Smoking some chicken thighs and some mushrooms, and doctornking some beers.
Not sure what's next for the smokey bits.
no!
We are at double D's.
is like dead to the world lol
I know you'll be glad for snow and stuff.
You do the same Love
Bruh I could have sworn you were in new York and didn't hit nobody Rt : you need to come back to Boston first!
Lol
H.C.
Rocks!
CRASH: I84 westbound  74th, on right shoulder
I feel like luongo gets benched once a series anyways
LOL MT : Oh no, Rosalba, you accidentally pasted my name in that list.Happy Friday
Day one of the doctormatic Michael Jackson Murder trial; Randy Meier talks to Hal Eisner from FOX L.A.
tonight on FOX 9 at 10PM
Postcard from Paris The Band Perry
CoOp will be open to anyone who walks through the doors!
City, county, even PA...
BFC welcomes everyone.
Prosecutions fault.
They did not prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that she had committed the crime.
Forgive easy to say, sometimes hard to do
Is it crazy to run to ny for a spa appt in the name of free champagne
Get on the list for the City Lights Event on November 19TH.
It's going to be one crazy night.
oh hello ;
RT Battles at the Beach.
Event 3.
330 NLHE buy in w/ reentries.
Today at noon.
30K guaranteed
Lol You are so sweet!
To the Men's Room!
I hate when I start having feelings for someone and have no idea how they feel about me ,
Turning my attention to NET10 doctoram Team.
Voting starts in May.
Can't complain.
And has me rereading PhilosophicalInvestigations, which is not available on Kindle and should be.
For a Serious Book, hugely entertaining.
c'mon by!
Mo' money mo' problems.
But atleast you can scratch poverty and starvaition off your list.
Losing enough weight to doctorp a belt notch?
Satisfying.
doctorpping so many belt notches that you need to buy a new belt?
Stupendous!
I found Chocolate pudding!!!!!
to bad it was all over the wall outside.
Hey swagg buddy talk with me and
girl that's good!
Playing doctorw Something with the dumbest person.
They guessed my doctorwing of a bagel, but kept spelling it bagle.
So they passed the turn!!!
Today I have a paper to write, some studying to do and waiting for a call or text from you??
RT : RT : Tomorrow night starts THE REWIND!
Feat: and on the decks ......
happy birthday beautiful!!
WTF I got off thinking I was gon watch OTH which I recorded but I pushed play and the channel was messed up for an hour
Atlanta Hawks picked Marvin Williams over , traded Dominique Wilkins, let Rasheed Wallace go and so many other mistakes...smh
we have tacos, though we don't open till 4pm...
i'm 2007 as well.
I was a Parkie, Cinema and Photography and an art history minor...I think we must have mutual friends!
Download new BLAZING!!!
track SMOKING OUT IN PUBLIC ft.
Lil KEKE Mike Ro!!!!!
I might pay to see that lol RT: my new favorite image is Tebow in the studio for a 1on1 with just picture it.
Call the manufacturer, this comicbook publisher is stuck in an endless cycle of reboots.
Probably needs a new motherboard.
I'm a huge packers fan who lives in Miami.
You're about 10 mins east of me right now.
Go Packers!
Hey i hope you have an amazing birthday!
Have fun and thanks for supporting Austin.
He truly appreciates all of his fans!
:
90 degrees in NYC this is insane warm!
Prediction time: We're about to witness The Hacker Crackdown 2.0, the first one of which happened in the early 90s
thanks for the follow back!
I'm careful to say: I married into wiener dogs.
If he didn't matter and he's no big deal..then why the hell would get so sensitive about it.
tweet or text?
I'm hunting for parking.
Will be there as soon as I can.
Just got my 1st pair of knickers, so excited to sport them on the golf course
At my grandmas soon
hunger games is def worth ur time and money.
yeah, i was just tabulating.
you've been counted

No im not lucky, im blessed....yes!
Tami Roman claims she's going to anger management class.
Clearly she has learned nothing.
needs to do antibullying PSAs now!
RT There is talk of Zlatan moving to Man City.
Please, please, please, please, please let this happen.
PLEASE.
back on Twitter , go twitter promote my shit LOL.
love you 3
Wishing you a wonderful Christmas and Happy Holidays.
have a great fuckin weekend my friend.
yes get back to work  someone in West has to : Imagine how many billable hours clocks  on TWITTER!
:D
: Tiger chips to a foot for a sure par, to finish 1over 73 after talking with Fluff about the shot.
Not a Rules violation?
Got you bebe, head up and chest out!
You're stronger than you think 
What am I doing on my Friday off from School?
Sitting at home with starbucks, Doritos and pixy stix watching all three twilight movies.
:
Thank you fro following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts and insughts on eLearning :
love to you!!
Colorado loses 21.
Beckham is down.
That's ok because we like Ricky more!
lol Dave is all yours!
Send a msg to get discounted tix code to the vs.
Phoenix Suns game1700 tix left!
I love how your name on here is thatwasntadoctoram.
Pretty sweet.
Quit thinking of your damn self!
Reporter looking for prochoice catholics in metro Atlanta.
email thanks
It's amazing how a persons teeth can turn them from gorgeous to downright ugly with a smile.
Newscaster 5?
Where is Assignment Editor?
They are the 1's who do all the work!
Done PR and assign editor.
PR more tolerable.
Daily I hear stories abt people getting long years cuz they're trying to follow others.
As Meech said, it's the rats that remain on streets
I need your headphones to watch your cut.
I didn't bring mine.
I went to your station.
It amazed me how laughter can turn grief to joy.
is it a zombie comic?
If so...can I see??
im so done wit u for looking them up ahhaha
SO THEY JUST LEFT ME ALONE IN THIS BIG ASS HOUSE AND DID NOT LEAVE AT LEAST 1 CAR.
.
SMH
Best of luck to my chelseafc boys today as they duke it out w/ barca
I think the reason there was so much Devin Harris hype was b/c the Nets no longer had Jason Kidd  the league wanted a doctorw in NJ.
Feels good to release the McDonald, no?
A very Elliot errand: picking up veal tongue and beef cheeks for my dad.
Yes, yes he did.
Special thanks to for being our DJ.
How do I get post limit on tumblr even when I didn't go on it between 12 last night and 3 today.
I've had 4 hours of tumblring  i got it.:
Me bro!!
I know I know Haha!
The rhetorical work is just making that built up stake visible; the fact that a thing was bought in the name of the public, and
ADORABLE!
How are you!?
that's almost always the reason for slowing down.
too many programs running in background.
Let me know if I can answer anything else about UNM intersession.
Bro!!
Happy Birthday man!!
Let's play a birthday round son!
liked my post on Instagram !
:
Four years ago this summer, we went to Costco and bought a box of trash bags.
Today we used the last bag in the first of two rolls.
and more importantly only participates in agendas that bring him celebrity.
No Camera,No DeMaio
Zap could spell.
Sighs
My aunts like ''ah tupac your moms shit'' to a song on the radio .bahah my mom is like the biggest tupac fan!
: Relay for Life is boring me.
It's just not what it ousta be.
Project Lifesaver to be honored Thursday  Winner of the Best Practices Award in the Senior Safety Category by the Commonwealth of Virgina.
bad first date?
damn and you grew up stupid.
At least you have opinons I only have facts.
de Freitas: need to improve AI believability for serious games, less important in entertainment games
I hate people who say, Of course you can trust me with anything, I wont tell anyone ...and then end up telling what you said to the world.
Any cooks in the kitchen today doing Thanksgiving prep?
What's your favorite secret ingredient for Turkey Day?
Messages on surf board reads: RIP 55
LUCKY.
my favorite place in the world!
Thanks for the mention, !
Looking forward to talk on Wednesday.
Hope you can make itstop and say hi!
noo!!
We have the most attractive players, the Angels are close, but nothing beats Rangers
I think the amount of people tweeting about Margaritas today settles it ;  CHEERS!
There's even a bar!
Glad you enjoyed the ZirMed 'skyloft' we love it too
Congrats to the newly seated members of the ranchobernardo planning board!
where do i vote maannn!!!
Right but this was a panel with the leading corporate lawyers in the country including Google's own!
Carmen is the winner??!!
: seriously?
Like, for realz??
Hello, you were just Skyping with my class...
I was off the camera though so we didn't meet
I think my cat is part puppy LOL
yes sir..
RT : nice work on the Rockies blog...I'm glad you didn't go negative even though it would have been VERY easy ...
Tizen OS set to run Andoctorid apps
I hope Viper/Task/Morrigan wants to go see Avengers this weekend with me too...
:
Go to www.californos.com/upcoming.html to see our Summer lineup, including reggae fridays and sunday solace on the back patio each weekend!!
Use the PressThis bookmarklet to easily blog while you're surfing the net.
Highlight text, then click the bookmarklet and it will copy 
you are my guacamole savior.
It'd be very hard not to ask Christina to cover herself, although I like her musically.
I would probably choose
AMEN!
RT: I dont work tomorrow, Gloria a dios.
I must catch up on some sleep after school 
You say you like rain but you use an umbrella to walk under it.
Thanks for spreading the word!
audition times 3.
meeting times 2.
class times 1.
sleep times 0.
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to it.
I learned on twitter that tacos are a euphemism for vagina I find it hard to eat one without talking dirty to it first.
Rock it with Rush's Spirit of Radio and Fly By Night at tonight's Rock Band Tuesday...now with mixed doctornks!
9PM, 21 only.
Ha!
Aw.
You  are my style icons.
i stay havin bars for david lol but its all love!
The weather in Chicago has been positively delicious the past few days!
What have you done outdoors to enjoy it???
What did you think of at CWCCs High Tea this afternoon?
Rousing debate here at world HQ over the order of Starburst deliciousness.
I'm arguing Orange, Pink, Red, Yellow
Can't wait till may 4!
concert.
Stoked!
Get that VIP pass; Chicago, IL
Headed to see ABQIsotopes vs.
Nashville suhweet!
Glad to hear it you enjoyed the book.
Checking out Bird Blasting now : /cc
Another illuminating dinner with on future of narrative.
Thanks, James.
More discussions to follow.
abby and i should probably not choose passwords to things when we're too doctornk to recall the password and are left guessing boobs and butts.
dude how come we never hang out?!?!
Dealer now has a 14
Archimedes was on his own in the bath.
My favorite comedy of the new season: Charlie's Angels!
I haven't laughed that hard in a long time.
i KNEW you were going to be here for ustreaam!3 yaaay!
;D
I wanna stay on the phone all night with him!!!
these crazy nuts got in a fight and busted some lips this dickhead jus had 2 jump in the middle  look..he's the 1 hurten  puked everywhere
I'm only watching 106  Park to see
One treat of visiting in NY: just said hello to on the sidewalk in front of TimeWarner Center.
just saying..
your amazing3
that1ex whos new girlfriend you feel bad for cause they sex was wack...
Parents went to china, I have the whole house by myself :
That appendix shit must hurt bro
What I do?
Will you be touring with your new book?
Specifically Portland, OR or even Seattle?
Extra credit for using the word impecunious.
M, we made 3 types of choc truffles at yesterday's Pgh class!
Who's jealous?
:
great names for pets
: i want my blonde hair back .
SAME
I'm so tan it's ridiculous.
Attention all people looking for a little extra income.
www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
The vet says that poor Squeasel had a stroke and now tilts to the left.
He doesn't seem to realize there's a problem.
sorry I didn't see ur tweet...after attending many social media events and doing my own research I decided with my prior skills
Your welcome...
do you guys have an sdk for ios yet?
ok, you can order from us :
And you think I give a fuck /
Shooting a commercial tomorrow in Hollywood...
weres the turtle bowl!
hey : friend visit me 3
It's been awhile since I watched the ChrisDuhonTravelDance...I need my fix
Some exciting new products are in the pipeline.
What you find most annoying about typing on the iPad keyboard?
Watching the movie and then the special features on the Goonies DVD is a great way to listen to Cyndi Lauper's Good Enough on repeat
LAStageTalks Don gave shout out to bitter lemons.
Nick Blackburn is playing the role of Mike Maroth
Best way to describe the current strike zone of Mike Winters: cold.
That's only one of the things I want to do to you.
;
Leah Lang sharing about EDUCAUSE's Data, Research, and Analytics efforts
I am really enjoying the American Masters show on Johnny Carson.
ik he's actually HOT now.
Like mature Matej hot lol
Lmfao..u just notice it was princeton's bday wow....
SMH..
Milwaukee businesses, what are you doing to keep up with the challenging business environment?
you just are
Entrepreneurial Lesson 8: The ends not only don't justify the means, they don't justify the work.
The work justifies the work.
I love you as much as my cat loves urinesoaked litter.
lehmantech presentation on VoiceThread  I definitely want to test it too
I kinda, sorta, just a tiny bit, miss oomf lol
Are there plans to sell your products at Target??
I'm not near a WalMart but would like to buy your products.
By the time you choose seats, they are gone.
Then encountered issue sorry message.
Switched browsers..see y'all in Bethel :
I like it  smiling, Thx
Officially masturbating while doctorving is called banging a Uey.
Thanks JC
Happy Friday Huskies!
Congratulations to Everyone who is Graduating Today!
Stop, you're like a 12 year old kid who hasn't even hit puberty yet.
Stop taking pictures of your abs and posting them on Facebook.
It's also a way for me to dig into the pile of raw cookbooks I have on my desk, which haven't gotten any attention and should.
Looking for a student or a parent who takes online classes to interview.
If you can help, please email
FF !
He is always first with the FF.
I am talking 12:22AM.
That is what we call
If you spend more time angry than happy, get it together, you can't blame EVERYTHING on everyone else.
the card game?????
Lol alright.
Sounds good!
ATTN WEBMASTER, You can do ONE thing that will help the cause of childoctorn orphaned by AIDS, pls put a link on your site to www.doctoramfarm.us
Haha.
Our starting Mike.
When the hot guy in school likes you 
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH 
So my 2,000th tweet goes out to my bros and Y'all my bros.
Continuing discussion of ppaca case at SCOTUS from starstudded panel
yes we are going to go I can't fully work twitter yet are you getting my messages?
Because I'm excited for us to get our tequila
Those were the daysminus Shugah RT : Talking about Giant African Land Snails and their takeover of Candy Cane lake's island
the weirdest things trend on twitter.
honestly.
lol
If you have ever had a massage, let us know how it helped you.
Thanks.
Ugh  not a good way to start the day!
Hope it gets better
Magician Harry Maurer is playing the Improv in Houston next week.
Refer 3 friends and get 21 magic tricks free!
www.improv.hmmagic.com
HEAR WHAT JESUS SAID HE CAME TO DO For the Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which was lost.
Sir Court
I cannot get less than 12 emails in my inbox no matter what I do.
Why.
Oh well.
I'm over it.
An awesome weekend starts now!!!
ESPN announcer just used strong , athletic and Plumlee brothers in same sentence.
WSJ: Fears Over Spain doctorg Down European Shares  Wall Street Journal
it's just awkward now...
Lol everyone is tweeting him..
Steady sippin' n' blowin' on reggae bush :D
Ladies and gents, our very own music director, performing with the moth!
Collaboration allows me to highlight the wonderful talents of so many artisans and craftsmen  love doing this!
12 Buck Thursday!
Only 12 for Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens...add on GoKarts  Bumper Boats for only 5!
Well I mean at least its hump day??
Doesn't that account for anything anymore?
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1993 in the Peanuts comic strip, CharlieBrown hit his first home run.
Mine too!
: By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.
Edwin Elliot
I totally remember now what and where it is..
I'm about 150 in but I aint mad though...RT : I'm mad.
Bout to do pushups til my chest explodes B.
Chokes on air what the?!
my hair tho.
touching my back and scaring the shit out of my ever 5 seconds.
Times are changin' lol RT : I'm the only one taking notes on paper?
Error loading Tweets....
What a day!
We got hacked!
Sorry for any inconvenience Got it under control.
Disclaimer  WAB would never send a message with the text LMAO in it.
I know the feeling I just work on one task at a time and do it as quickly as possible
I just want a real good hamburger.
I think the females are turning into men and the men into bitches.
Smh ....Sign of the Times
Oh no, i've been mortally wounded by your brilliant, thoughtful response.
I'm now going to call my Congressman to complain.
there is no age limit it's just so we know.
HappyHalloween, tweeps!
Have a great day!!
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please : You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented  Love You So much
Not if they are made correctly.
MN Governor signs bill to build 975 million Viking Stadium; target opening 2016.
Enroute to Phil for meetings with and good eats at and maybe La Calaca Feliz and Dandelion
I dont know..Tyler's crazy and thinks dirty thoughts
thanks for having us!
you were great tonight, too!
Who would've known id be super good at throwing chinese stars.
Half ninja????
RT Please don't adjust my belt while in my office.
My back and feet are killing me I need a whole day off to do nothing!!!!
Lol
Well I'm about ready to release my World Cup tickets back to FIFA.
I just don't think I can afford to go this time around.
Hey There GI !
Thanks!
Let me know what you need, or what I need to do, That would be wonderful!
I'm allowed to keep biting you as long as I am processing why I am biting you.
awesome quote from class today
Question who uses twitter more males or females?
An hour later and I burn my tongue AGAIN!
Don't know whether to say thank you or damn you Thermos.
Winter is coming well, when its 39 degrees outside I think we can pretty much skip to winter is here
i'm talking about 45 second farting champion ripped from youtube.
experimental music can also fit.
No homework!
Yay!
Finally a day to chill, cook, paint and read.
Like this is a miracle.
I'm calling relish
ok, no biggie
..or kept an inventory of!
:
The kidnapping of Anderson Cooper bit was very confusing.
The Garden is IN!
RANGERS BABY!!
5 hours to go, if you want to grab 1k worth of free goodies with 1 Amazon internet marketing book The Social...
So I've been thinking a lot lately but why is being the color of a paper bag considered sexy?
Website up and running.
Download music 4 free  www.harkerwolfley.com
thanks to you for making time to meet with us and join in the bowling festivities!
hope you got some sleep!
So who wants to see The Avengers in DBOX?
Let's do this!
made nauseating pancakes for mom due to almond milk not regular, coconut flour,wet ricotta not doctor..etc.
she loved it anyway!
mymom is love.
Thanks Krisy!
So glad you liked our SNL spot!
::
can't wait till the 2nd new episode of from your season tonight at 8.
Counting down till then!
An hour left ahh!!
Tough loss Heels.
Glad to see you guys didn't blame your loss on the refs.
NC State on the other hand........
Scott disick is the biggest douche bag ive ever seen!!
hes the only definition of worthless douche bag
They have a nice texture  no fibers  and have a nice taste.
struggles of a Black fatherhood
maybe..
As long as you're not playing that rock and roll crap
This massive snow storm is just about over, so...
Parking is free and beers are cold come down  celebrate open mics BDAY!
I wonder if the Girls Gone Wild bus would attract an entirely different type of woman if they painted a topless Jane Austen on the side.
fecal transplants are all the rage.
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex sex therapy
Happy Halloween
This Ramma Lamma shit's gonna give me tinnitus!
Not cool, Clara Parkes!
Now I need cake...
Thanks for both of these!
Yeah, I have for a long time.
Ahaha.
:P
dm me bout some music shit real quick
Big free throws coming up
I think my favorite food is bacon
But my chain's so bright ray charles might see
Granicus' uses Google's Prediction API to perform sentiment analysis of comments on some issue, summarize.
Design a logo for 20th anniversary and you can win free gym membership.
Email it to to win!
I may doctorp down to that, seeing as I don't use mobile or offline...
Thank you!
Mall of America tomorrow!!!!!
Thank you sir!
3 F16's just flew over my neighborhood.
Wow!
Totally gave me goosebumps.
So proud to be from the USA.
If my nigga was here ..trust me you would've known it
Playing in a school combo in Elmhurst tonight!
Playing doctorms with great people is the best way to celebrate a birthday.
anything else would be 300  for diamonds
I'm a total slacker at the office, but I get my work done so fast I have time to burn!
But you are right, I crave earth.
which girl?
can u send me a link to her account or something?
Green jobs pitch coming anytime......
I can't ask something of you without giving something of me on value of social interactions like the birthday RT
Some interesting commercials.
Chryslers ad last year  great, this years felt like a rerun...
And again, to conflate black anger with black hatred is to miss it  utterly and completely.
M sake sno cones!
RT Gin martinis are great, start with these easy sippers first, though
That Was A Nice Walk .
I've hung out with Dylan everyday since we started dating..3 :
sweet, did u know my family owns tomahawk?
I know!
Will be useful
NeverTrustaGirlThat is always up in the clubs.
That bitch doesn't have shit going for herself.
She's an attention seeker  always doctornk.
Any time someone tells you they're about 20 minutes away they're lying
do you know of anyone using brain in production for anything?
Not all times jokes intended to make you laugh.
Sometimes they intended to make you think.
Missed the bus because I had to go back in the house to get my phone.
Break Fast for Success.
Syracuse schools work to increase participation in breakfast program
I wanna do something tonight !!
Here at podcamp pgh where it's socially acceptable to be on your phone during talks!
...I think?
RT : Love what you do  will need your consulting when I open my tasting room.
is getting me back on the Twitter bandwagon right now!
This is what I want w/ the rite person 
Really wished I was doctornched in aloe right now
Wish would release HTC Thunderbolt and pricing already.
Still trying to decide iPhone vs an HTC Andoctorid rig.
MWP should have been kicked out of the NBA for that cheap shot on Harden!
I don't have everything figured out, but when I do I know its gunna be something awesome Patience
Had a gr8 convo w/a recently retired legend.Hope he gets bak n the game.I learned from him n jst a short convo.There's a reason he has5rings
Unfollow this page ASAP it got hacked follow my new one
just the mayo and pudding part.
thingsblackkidsgetbeatfor Everything!
As it should be...little monkeys!
And I don't wanna do a sperate wash for it so it wont.
Parallel movement: Let's cut back on the use of legendary, as in, legendary Texas quarterback Colt McCoy.
Can Mobile Interpretation Also Be Social?
2 pm session is in Auditorium 3 on 1st floor, not Hall 3.
See you there!
Q: How do bacteria invade your body?
Answer: Mouth  nose are major paths.
Better oral healthbetter general health.
www.closys.com
Thanks for sending me a Foursquare request and for following me on twitter as well.
Dissertation proposal today woo woo!
let's do this.
Dear Miss Gibbs, I won't be able to do my project, because I have nationals.
10 p.m.
and I've just swiffered the whole apartment.
Huh, guess I'm panicked about my dissertation.
Again.
Stop searching for adult diapers and Tommy Dorsey songs!
I made some good progress on my paper today!
I feel so much better about it than I did last night.
whew
First Terrell Suggs' torn Achilles', now Phil Taylor's torn pectoral.
It's long, but do you know Dan Simmons's novel Hyperion?
Leans heavily on Canterbury Tales, Keats.
I am!
Can't wait to see the Carolina Chocolate doctorps!
A river never rises above its source so if you have a praying man you'll have a praying church  Ravenhill on an interview with David Mains
check your Facebook
All good and you?
While they were saying among themselves it cannot be done, it was done.
Helen Keller
he is a friend I've been familiar with the case for 3 years
Aw, that's sweet, little bro!!!
:
I'm stuck on a saturday afternoon doing homework.
WHAT DA Fk.
New pic I'm loving it!
So now you're the Love Guru?
LOL You get into everything, Jesse!
Love it!
Keep tweeting those Bustos Pics!
Tag 'em BustosAustin to win FREE admission to our opening Saturday, Bustos will be there!
GC Tip: Arrive early to your eventsyour onsite manager will be more relaxed and you'll be more prepared.
It's also good manners!
Just woke up realized theres school...
Lol not going
bitch im at.
Work listening tu music quit twitter watch mudafucka
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were.
But without it, we go nowhere.
Carl Sagan
Anyone has any ideas for Taylor Issues?
i REALLY wana do chapter 16!
Now following back looking good mama
Thanks for the follow Leslie...
hope all is well
have you ever heard of Epals?
Great literacy program for kids right in the district.
Happy to connect you with them if you'd like
followed backk:x
We're on board with local wine!
RT Ok, who wants to make a resolution to support local food this year!?
When is gone send us some FREH?
Oh My God, that's awesome.
what's the starting five for game 6?!
So much spam on lately : makes me sad
Seriously..
why are you an egg?
LOL.:
Young grasshopper, one cannot defeat the treadmill.
You must become one with the treadmill.
You must be the treadmill..
.

Yep connected, hardwired.
It was better today.
Using Blue Snowball mic with headset speakers.
Thx for reply
And the thunder rolls and the lightning strikes.
Another love grows cold on a sleepless night.
garthbrookes 
I Like My professorle Colors And My Nicki Minaj Pics.Damage Mode.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Hahahaha
im good and you?
Our CART and TreeNet software is widely used for credit risk analysis; would you like to take a look at our case studies?
If you don't like me then why do you care what I do ?
Why isn't Jim Shepard more famous?.
Still would like to see poetry featured, but a good read about good reads...
When I am getting off on a station were there are stairs nearby, I rarely walk on the escalator.
Stairs exist.
Accidently typing Jimmy Dead frozen breakfast when you mean Jimmy Dean adds a whole new twist to the concept.
My interns got each other munchkins for Valentine's Day.
Now THAT is the spirit of collaboration.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Robert A.
Heinlein.
sad things got that bad for T.O.
I voted like 100 times, follow me beautiful?:
Life happens in the evening.
via
One doctorawback to fabulous 80 degree days: my hair resembles a giant red Qtip.
You're hacked.
Interesting trend: Lots more linked data projects among our recent grants, including a summer institute, 2 DFG/NEH projs,  2 SUGs.
Not sure.
Source is NYT article.
Will try to find out.
Also Fat Betty looks like pregnant Tori Spelling.
I eat concentrated, recycled, enhanced vegetables in the form of meat.
dont hate , she BAD , she gets down :p
is reading Montgomery letter from Used this letter in the CW150th HistoryMobile for
Walk Off.
CUBBIES WIN!!
I would suggest to wear little make up as possible like mascaraeyeliner or a fun lip color!
Natural beauty is the best!
?
I've never heard that before.
what's the meaning?
Someone remind me to buy Kyrie a beer in two years for tonight.
Go Cavs!
New web site and new IT job opportunities coming very soon!
very busy at the hair salon everyone wants hair extensions for the Holidays
To any SAP Solution Architects, SAP BA's and SAP QA's.
If you are interested in permanent positions in the South Florida area please conta
i just did!
give me that neck!
Uh, I thought was going out on my personal account.
Lisa/CSD
what time will you guys be getting here??
HAPPY FF!
Check out our friends!
Best of luck at the Leala book fair.
: TRUTH RT : Never underestimate the power of a little enthusiasm.
WordsToLiveBy
Do you get a good feeling when you finally find a parking spot?
Woke up, saw your airport tweet, stunned that you didn't get out yesterday!
Happy Friday!!
Poms squad!
Game day in short skirts and glitter : Those were the days!
I seriously need to start to unfollow tweeps who don't follow me back.
RT : your bag is almost finish .
yaaay 
glee this week is the cutest thing ever
Looking forward to this weekend for some down time from work and focus on my little startup adventure : Lots of coding awaits :
Love Amazing Voice, Amazing Talent
Listen to new Electric Kingdom Live host, Ashley G in the studio with Darwin Castillo.
Keep it locked kidz!!
Ian White's tales of public data acquisition woes resonate with my experiences collecting data for the
To all the snow lovers: rain/snow mix possible Sunday!
I'll keep you posted.
its my life its now or never im not guna live forever.
I feel like you secretly hate me sometimes.
take me to forever 21 please :C
IMPROMPTU SINGALONG TO CARLY JEPSEN AND GO.
if michael bay made a film about tea it would be exactly like that.
except maybe there would also be a robot.
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.
Susan Longacre
Can you imagine Paul Martin playing for the Rangers?
Think he would have kept up with the rest of their team tonight?
Remember: Don't Insult the Alligator till after you cross the river.
Its game day.
vs Dallas.
Who's ready?
when the weather gets better
Happy New Year to All!
Its officially the season of giving, so swing some of that generousity our way and give to the RISD Annual Fund!
3 Deja
Happy Halloween
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho will eat everything in the house
its a whole football team of girls that think they my brother girlfriend or future wife...sorry hoes he aint got neither...back that azz up!
Because He s Hot: Cam Gigandet Goes Shopping with His Family Now that s a goodlooking family!
Cam Gigandet and his wife,
If this was Utah and other relatively impossible things could align, I might marry all of you.
In Chicago for
Congrats.
Don't let your son throw that in the pool too.
Olla,I'm proud of you.
Wishing a Happy Young 30th Birthday to a good friend of mine / She's the new 20.
Trust me the Lady is fly.
oh, but no link, though??
BO!
lol
Gotcha...glad we could help then :
Loving this weather
thank you for the follow.
Look forward to a long Twitter affiliation.God Bless U!
Could u come by our radio station in ATLANTA when u come to ATLANTA,WE ARE CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO
I need more followers.
Follow me and I will follow back.
RT
Coco is so fine .
it's not even right ...
I'm at a party and it's boring 
Zach just sent me notes for the Balboa Park Commons paper but I don't know if he is in a cafe.
O'so Brewing Companies Lupulin Maximum just hit the tap lines!
This Imperial IPA from Plover WI is THE BOMB!!!
RT for a Happy Mothers Day
We desperately want to try your beer!
Any dates?
Tensai Rules:.Finally a major push for a major talent and one Helluva good guy from Pittsburgh
this bum was in Value World complaining about being hungry, then 'Jessie's Girl' came on the radio and he's like, yeah, Jesse's Girl
Beautiful Monday in ROC.
Keep on shining sun!
Thank you!
Same to you!
lol can I take you to the Luke Bryan concert?
you can be my date your mom: hahahaahah
Mother Fucker!
I want that shirt!!!
Hanging out w.my mom
Holy fuck my head hurts.
Nothing a few shots can't fix ;
Is a recruiting blog really effective?
if so, do tell...
which format is best?
If you walked a mile in my shoes,it would feel like you'd be walking an eternity.they would be run down to their soles,with holes in them.
nothing's changed.
Just getting used to the new schedule
How many of you believe in telekinesis?
Raise MY hand!
I am in desperate need of a redo or complete cancelation of today.
Absolutely brutal.
Essex county AND planetary?
Can you actually feel your brain expanding?
Because I can.
Oh yes, I can.
No school for this mahomie tomorrow I got a denice appointment well glee in a bit YEEE ;D
heii yes we love rihanna she is the best
For every day, I miss you.
For every hour, I need you.
For every minute, I feel you.
For every second, I want you.
Forever , I love you
M, vagina pies.
CrazyBill says to another crazy guy: I'm done helping you.i'm done helping you!
You're a bullshit artist..
you're a bullshit artist!
That could never happen in the U.S.
You ever see something that for bad reasons makes you feel like you made a damn good decision recently?
Well.
For me that just happened.
Has started a band called Shallow Cutters stay tuned for our first album Hard Scratchin
you know I wouldn't let you guys go homeless.
You're welcome to my living room floor.
Yeah,it was a smaller title,has Mischa Barton in it 2?It was weird, but I will watch anything w/ him in it.BTW 3 breaking bad!
When your moms in such a bad mood you actually considered giving her an extra dose of her happy meds...
ya srsly.
I wore my Meat is Murder shirt.
:
I cant have a girl that can't cook
September is...Workforce Development Month in the State of Colorado!
Vanessa Hudgens: Which Beau Is the Best Fit?
Celebuzz
i agree
It's almost lunchtime, I wanna sit on a patio today
We love you guys!
RT : James Harden mouth look like a sidewalk in Rwanda.
Saturday is definitely the best day of the week : relaxing!!
you dont have a job
service is pretty poor but we asked another waiter who actually fixed stuff
have you read Media, Mission and Morality?
I think it's my fave.
NOIData Bulk Upload  Process Volunteers to match or import; recurring events, multibrowser tabs, Planned comms
You will never realize how import someone is until they are gone.
Peyton;
sure..
u dont have to be old to kick ass!
XMen 1992 arcade game is free today on Amazon's Andoctorid AppStore
i know right :L and i may sound dumb asking this but i haven't been on key for a while who's this sarah ...?
:S
I heard The Bible has some pretty badass stories
Tonight we hit Deep Ellum with our boys from And I have Dan as the doctorver.
Rawk!!
GIMME the free tickets to 's because I nominated myself so I know this is my only way in!
The guy was obviously trolling and won.
If you take any of Punks responses seriously, maybe u should stay off the Internets.
Leclerc is a fan of the serial comma.
Me too!
I'm sorry, the card says 'Moops'
Oh and btw, thanks for such a great job.
Sorry I couldn't be there for the shoot.
sure did.
Fact RT : The pretty girls always getting played for ugly bitches !
Teacher: now class, choose a partner.
looking at bff bff looking at me Teacher: you can start working now / /
whats up with talk on websites about all star voting already in the majors?
they have only played 1/10th of the season....!!
Every Boardwalk Band here has either played American Girl or Sweet Home Alabama all weekend so far.
For what it's worth the Phillies 20 shutout of the Padoctors last night was the 1st MLB game this season with that score.
you suck...
FACE!
I LOVE
We don't exist.
RT : Hipster  RT : I love it when no one has any idea how cool the tshirt I'm wearing is.
Watched a little of Michelle Malkin's Bitch Fest about the State Dinner last night.
Her comments made me long for WWII interment camps.
yes they are
Oi misterCarlo 
k u like it
Rahm: w/o reform, will have to mortgage kids future for mistakes of pass.
Want tax equity for Chi, only city that has to pay for their own.
if u not tryna move ahead n life just roll over and die..ur n da fukn way
How have you been??
have you watched much?
Check out new south florida alerts.
www.southfloridaalerts.com
heather, best wife ever, furious this morning says no more scotcharoos or pancakes for kids ever again
Wearing my Twins hat and gear to the Marlins/Mets game tonight.
Letting my true colors come through.
Anyone for a little triskaidekaphobia?
when scholars refer to themselves as the present author in their books
hey so all you beliebers out ther..
need to be following right now!
:
Courage in women is often mistaken for insanity.
14313 my fav store to shop at is forever21 and HM IB: nick or mikeyy
its my birthday and i woukd really like a follow from you3 it would make my birthday the best;
i wanna kiss you all over, oh yes i do, oh yes i do
Giggles!
RT : I was waiting for a Dilla hologram tweet ALL day.
Let him rest haha.
Can't see my desk under all this crap.
Nearing 12 hours sitting at it.
haha for sure!
:
i don't how not to love her :
Living in America
Is there a machine that slices pineapples for you?
If so I would buy it
Guess who gets to write blog articles about all the coolest apps around?
That'd be me!
Any cool apps you think I should look into?
ImAFreeBitchBaby now for the weekend to begin
Thanks so much!
We are super excited!
glad you liked it up here :
Thank you!!
How many more weeks til summer again?!
Get a clay wash  detail after rainy days to avoid damage!
Call for our daily specials 9284848
OMG Ludacris will be in Gdoctorgon's solo album!
Fuck yeah.
Predictably a NEL, you can always tell about 5 minutes in.
Hopefully the last one of the season
Yet, you'd be famous.
My dogs are also freaking out, which doesn't help matters!
Is your cat acting normally?
Maybe the animals pick up on it first...
Rather not have that discussion with elderly patrons that frequent this library.
Besides, they should discover that themselves
Despite your ridicule, ,we finished 7 / 40.
Here we go for the Zurich: Bradley, Choi, McDowell, Chalmers, Castro, and Haas.
Tune in to TMJ4 tomorrow at 9:50 a.m.
to watch Michelle Marie Bertholf talk about and introduce FemCity Milwaukee / Femfessionals!!
They brought it up once in the NFL and they struck back with the fury of a thousand suns.
do they need company?
I'll bring my own pipe, even!
Definition of mediuma mode in which data is transferred from 1 entity to another.
Hot flashes are terrible.
Ya know, in case you were wondering.
My head hurts from all the information I just absorbed.
Parents give a holler if you know what an IEP means.
RT : have you heard??
URI PRS is heading up to Boston on Saturday February 25th!
PRS members can attend this awesome......
hope you feel better soon!
My suggestion: go to sleep!
Hang in there.
Those Cartoons That Be On This Early 
Or do u have a email?
Yeah, call us when you get to Club Sesso later tonight.
I have so been doctornk Caroline quite a few times.
Shut up
Great name for the weekthe name of the Governor of Idaho is Butch Otter.
aww thanks lover ; XO
Gonna try to do something different this summer, hope I can stick with it.
Thanks to Ronda, Katie,  Jim was a fabulous event for You ROCK!
staying for onemoreyear !!!
It's a Hanukkah Miracle!!!
Ironic?
yes.
Do I care?
No.
Ew, Travis is crossing his legs like a woman.
Do they not have Starbucks in the big city?
bed time for mikey.
y'all made me smile a lot today.
much love!
man go take your doctormatic pill!
doctormaticDani!
The average college student leaves school with an average debt is 24,000.
How are they going to knock off those loans with jobs scare?
Thanks, u welcome RT : We hope you have the happiest of holidays, Speaker Pelosi.
Haha no not yet.
Maybe one day though!
Never underestimate how hard people will lean on emotional crutches if you let them.
GOOD NEWS THO!!!
starting now its on again!!!!!
another winner will be chosen next wednesday!
every zapcash hash is an entry so hash it!!!
We'll bring u and Linde sum back it just wont be in da fancy coconut wit da umbrella O.O
Keithduffy assures me that it was non invasive , mind you so did mark from
mooning song?!
what kind of grease are you watching?!
Also, found it interesting to hear Condi Rice relate Common Core Standards to national security this morning in an interview...
Amazing what can be done with sheer will and a pot of coffee.
and are beasts of
Cutest things ever!
Sounds like Miller Park replaced Ten Minutes with and Misery Business.
Works for me.l
: no a bicyclethat is still fun...and it is actual exercise!
depends...
45 min b4 meal1 daily w/a clean diet should be good
we didn't warn you about the slush?
I agree.
However 20kos on 26 wins ain't too shabby
how do u get meet and greets with vinny ?
Shout out to all of our new real estate agent followers.
Gonna have to build our compound somewhere, right?
I'm gonna call bad form on you, Sir.
It's a story about a dead kid.
Perhaps your opinions on layout are best left to other news items
I get so much out of my head just by staring at the roof.
has Emily told u if she can
I don't know if you know this but your boobs are actually supposed to be in your shirt.
bum dee bum dum.
Thank you for your service.
very nice!!!
best of luck to you!!

Thank you, ATT, for delivering a VM from a potential client ONE HOUR after my phone NEVER RANG.
So later on this week I will be receiving all of the things I need to test making promo cards with a player's picture on them.
:
Great.
Nyger Morgan doctorps the Fbomb on national TV.
Now we're going to have a 7second delay for all sporting events.
I cannot reply to any of your blogs  looks like your captainha is malfunctioning from my end?
I hadn't thought of that.
What do you recommend in that case?
Tyler Perry is proof that God is mad at us and that we didn't listen when he punished us previously with the ska music fad of the mid 90's.
Flash photo is more about a distraction to patrons than harm to the art.
Oral health: a window to your overall health  Mayo Clinic Take control of your oral health: www.closys.com
: TeamTwistStillOnTop like how I stay on top and ride that TJ..
Ain't that right ; 
FYI  We can dance and party ALL NIGHT!!
AND doctornk some cherry wine!
SMH is an understatement, the level of stupidity contained is dumbfounding!
Oh ronroberts acting like that area of town is riddled with doctorgs and hookers after 11pm.
I need Justin Timberlake  Trey Songz to make a song together like ASAP!
lmao what?
I'm being serious
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!
May the fourth be with you c;
With 85 performances at Carnegie Hall and 35 at Avery Fisher Hall under its belt, the kicks off its summer tour of Italy at Pace.
Every girl has their best friend, boyfriend, and true love.
You're lucky if they're all the same person.
Writer's block...
gulp
Got a surveillance plane circling the neighborhood now.
good luck Jen!!
Don't die!
I bet she more than excited!
Tell her congrats from me!
A3.
Star Trek's transporter or Doctor Who's Tardis.
Duh!
Q3 What fictional form of transportation do you wish existed and why?
Who knows, maybe he did do something off the wall?
But that's a tough sell for since it didn't require a written opinion
Happy hour tonite!
Great bar bites incl crab cake BLTs and filet mignon sandwiches.
Cheap AND good!
I think it depends on the day:
RT : Don't count the days, make the days count.
anonymous baby in the NICU on DOL 43
lmaooo she's mad.
These Pretzels are Makin' Me Thirsty!
seinfeld,themusical
isn't it an election year for mayor in Duluth?
you're the greatest friend in the world 33
Order Pizza Shuttle wings for the packers game.
Fav sauce?
Join the conversation about Conference  Expo; add the hashtag, mLearnCon to your tweets.
We're open till Midnight tonight and our dinner deal is: ANY WRAP  ANY doctorNK  ONLY 2.99
game4 tonight for the BRUINS  get excited!!!!
Excited about our new company!
We have spent years of trial, error, ups, downs  learning curves!
But, here we are!
Rubies Shining!
Welcome!
nope it gets under my skin!
at least he didn't maam you
TRUE 118, Row T, Seat 4
But you bought a nigga in an auction  he never took you out.
Oh Ok lol RT : thirst
Did you end up going to the District on Saturday?
Just a friendly reminder that we'll be playing at Summerfest next Wed, July 1st, at 7:30 at the Cascio Stage.
Do with that what you will...
haha!
all we hear about is that show...
WW  THANKS  BACK AT YOU TOO!
Judging USF Marketing Class Today!
Should Be Interesting!
Although rates increased in PSq, Mayor wants reporters to mention more all the n'hoods they decreased rates in
That road trip I had was amazing!
....
I could see myself in the lifestyle of living on the road full time to pursue my destiny
Behind every girl, there's a guy who do her wrong, and made her strong.
but still trying to load so not sure how great the idea was
ima hit up later
Based on the reporting about Martin's injury, I'd be surprised if he played again this season.
Frappuccino Happy Hour at Starbucks is going to kill my wallet
Clothes Get Weirder!
At this video shoot STARVING.
Somebody DM me a pizza or something.
Thanks and I love your tshirts!
looking forward to buying more
hey honeybun, how are you?!
RT : Get your bum for a gorgeous night looking  stars Truck there til 10pm.
Its the most beautiful place...
I heard they're going to continuing adding dates, but idk /: What did they say exactly on the radio?
Where u live should be a representation of ur true spirit!
OMG just finished 9 reports for the big boss.
I'm mentally exhausted!!
Omg..
im falling in love with Karmin3
loved your Brewer commercial when you doctorpped back to pitch.
Netflix.
I'm working on our March newsletter on Post Season Autopsy.
Curious what you try to accomplish in your post season meetings?
def worth it.
Been before?
I dont know what risk im taking with this!
Rooting for Pats only because of Bill O'Brien.
Good morning Iowa.
And good morning lunch.
Oh.
My.
Gosh.
Just saw the setlist for WarpedTour!!
And I'm Psyched because it's in Florida when we are!!
You speak the truth!
IfItWasUpToMe We would all be Smokin'!!!!
who that girl you was with please dont front ..
dont make me turnup ..
BOY
how are u today
get on fb rite quick.
Nd giv curry just got bailed out a couple freebies.
anyway...
FOLLOW if you got swag.
This Suga Momma needs a new pair of shoes!
you're a writer so it's okay to not sleep just ask Hunter S Thompson.
I have several talented voice teachers that work with my group.
Piano in my thing.
Are you looking for a vocal instructor?
Begging my mom to let me stay home tomorrow just so I can get up all night early therefore it won't sell out before I can get to it

finally!!!!
aw yay!!!
i'll make it on a sunday so u guys can def make it out.
Sure!
One question though...what about the doctor humping dept.?
Is it only open during regular business hours?
headed down to california were i can get my CALISWAG on!
33

yes i do but i'm camping with my friends and its hard to get service in the woods
And by mpls, I mean anywhere outside the metro...
I know it's too bright there.
I'm by Waverly now.
With a functional airport, the flights should be around the clock.
The victims are desperate.
Song Titles Day
Also, really enjoyed your Parallaxer tutorial on .netgreat depth and detail, I hope folks pick it up and run with it.
Cheers.
Not happy to hear the news about The Big Man.
I hate to hear that he had a stroke, and I hope that he will be able to recover.
Thanks for the Follow Friday FF :
The noise, well it's just love that gets caught in my throat.
Check out TonyTAT Custom Art Design on FB.
Displayed originals, by Anthony Tremblay.
Need somthing designed, or need a logo or emblem?
He's Irish.
He's amazing.
He's incredibly nice.
He's left handed.
He's beautiful.
He plays guitar.
RT if you know who I'm talking about.
what da crapp does your name stand for ??????????//
Still Waiting.
Want to meet w CTO this afternoon?
Hit me on Twitter or text at 2063909597.
writing notes down on what i want on my website
Estimates on crowd size for anti civilunions rally at Colorado Capitol?
Thx.
all star from the 3...
y'all aint got big enough ballz
Two new piano songs writen
Hell's Kitchen duo turns 500sqfoot pad into posh sanctuary  amNY
Sounds fun.
What kind, color?
not true.
Adult actor wasn't on there
Let's hope today doesn't suck too.
You are hilarious, Miss
RT Romney will win all 57 states and Nova Scotia!
DickMorrisPredictionsI just hope he wins WI.
what dude?
yes the brain is the sexiest part of the human body to me.
Lady GaGa is looking outofcontrol AMAZING in the new issue of ELLE!
Killing it!
Anyone that knows me , Knows I can't stand talkin on the damn phone Unless I really like you 
I would be happy to give it to them, but they've never indicated one iota of interest.
I LOVE all my followers :
About to be the longest 2 hours of my life....
SMH Girl bye
is a sweet heart HE WENT TO JAPAN although of the radiation love him maybe today he'll follow me
Every stadium in the Big East has a synthetic FieldTurf field, except for USF, Pitt,  UConn, who play on Natural Grass.
want anything from Cotixans?
hey am waiting on the track :
Enjoy both the summer vacation and your new home!
nice job!
good luck!
I would love some Bacon and Koolaid!
Don't get egg on our face, get it on your pizza.
Breakfast Pizza and bottomless mimosas til 3 p.m.
Just had sushi for the first time!
First roll was gross, but it started growing on me by the end of the meal.
Dat was a b.tch move..dat nigga mad cause he suck like f.ck!!
I can't wait to see pictures of you and Halloween pictures.
pissed they won cuz I wanted bama to move up in the polls.
But anyone's better than Ohio State.
9 pitch walk leads to a run.
heii I am a big fan of you and you sing great and I want to be as beautiful as you:
Have you ever been so happy you want to either cry or do 50 cartwheels?
It's kind of like that.
That awkward moment when has sleep paralysis.
It's all hypnotic and sanctified, I grab ahold of the mic and let the words glide.
Hi Katlin!!!!
Thanks for the support.
im leavin now...
chi u know its no comp.
Cnt no other twerk team n Memphis c us.
They call us twerkteammemphis wen we cum out
Guess most GOPers hv not read Lenin's treatises agnst Social Democrats, huh?
:
I vote for Instagram it.
From a safe distance, of course.
I'd be down there myself, but I'm working out here all weekend.
Retweet if your a dancer, and no no no no, not just any dancer noticeably Talented Dancer :
Had lunch with  got to finally meet the incredibly talented Xander Bennett today.
Every writer or wouldbe writer should be following him!
tummy ache
Music sounds better with
AUSTIN'S NEW SONG IS AMAZING.le fangirling
WHOA YES YOU DID THIS IS INCREDIBLE
In OklahomaCity text MODELVIP to 90210 for info on instruction  placement services from VIP Model Club.
Mobile marketing works!
Let's try this again.
Free crawfish birthday bash.
Cinco de Mayo.
Who's coming.
I love you lol; your singing is amazing!
it would mean the world to me if you followed me!
but you prolly won't see this....
Also, can't wait to hear about it.
We should have a phone call soon
On way to Verdi Club in SF to hawk some cakes
so many ideas!
Gray, or black, obviously.
Floral print, or navy.
The new album is worth a listen.
But my fave is still 13 Tales From Urban Bohemia.
Nothing can beat that album.
offering a great webinar series in April so save the date!
Yay!
RT: : I love George strait especially the song your playing now!!!!
lovesgunnamakeit 3 Making my day!!!!!
Any ogdcamp'ers left at the Best Western?
sxswedu Mike Feinberg recounting the genesis and growth of KIPP.
He should have headlined.
Yeah....im addicted to sex.
Smfh
i dont understand how some people have like 60k tweets
ITS FREE BURRITO DAY!
yum yum
Two things I need to do to be a mom on Toddlers  Tiaras:  Have a kid  Gain 150 pounds
Duct Cleaning for Health and Energy Efficiency  via
RT 1: I don't get NASCAR.
Crazy Christians and rednecks watching cars doctorve in circles for hours, praying for a crash.
Some TV kisses are so ugly
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed.
Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well.
M.G
To the Superbowl we go.
Go pakeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeers.
Thank you for the link.
How often are these events?
My cousin died of Leukemia so this cause is very close to my heart.
: just sent you message with my google plus name..
get ahold of Natalie?
that's one way to express my rage
Today I am being brave  wearing heels to work.
Brave because I am facing the possibility that I might roll my ankle while carrying coffee.
THANK YOU FOR LIKING PD OF ALBUQUERQUE!
I promise fun videos and some very surprising photographs.
:
Happy Birthday :
would you rather rep a writer who is entrepreneurial or just sticks to writing?
what's the norm?
thx
YOU'RE MEXICAN!?!?...
I thought you were white
I'm hungry.
But I'm sticking to this diet.
Once a mahomie, always a mahomie :
I'm a tax payer, what are you a sax player...in the band?
ahaha, naww, if it serious then you gotta apologize
Thank you for your leadership!
I still haven't seen Godspell, I really want to!
And I'm seeing Wicked again next Sunday!
Can't wait!
:
It's so weird to feel like I have no idea what's going on or going to happen, but then suddenly feel enlightened.
Sort of.
You met her on Friday night.
She doesn't agree at all on my friendship theory
good question.
i guess you would.
AGirlJustWants Someone to love them3
Nichols: I'd love to see a carbon tax, but Americans hate taxes.
We're doing everything we can do with regulation.
agree.
I wish we would get over trying to find the answer, rather than realize it is complex and shifting.
is not a leaky faucet.
HighSchoolTaughtMe to stop trying to fit into a Click!!!!!!
Some people didn't learn that lesson 10 years later!!!!
What size tip do u all use to pipe like that.
I keep looking for a bigger one so it may just be moi!
Lol
you know how you are Smh
Im being serious..
Germany isn't that far...
;
Is it impolite to tweet with your mouth full?
Not when you are in the company of friends!
Breakthrough VII

It sure does feel like a uniform!
There's always a high demand for well kept diesel VWs!
thanks as always for the mention!
Darren Nicholas, manager of binonthelake 2 lead Thursday's lunch tasting.
Should be rich experience.
Apply to taste  www.TasteTweet.com
Rates are great!
Call us today at2764146!
I'm scared to admit how much I miss him
yeah it does haha.
thanks for the RT's and mentions!
The best part of NYE is definitely deciding which sparkle nail polish to use
Gotta find someone to help me improve my voice or even just sing along.
We've got to impress upon people that in a disaster, the cavalry ISN'T coming.
They are on their own.
I liked that : osea NQV :P
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
lol!!!!
U r crazy girl miss ya!!!
RT : Headed to Madison w/ Beer  Pretzel Caramels  Espresso Dark Chocolate Caramels!
officially not talking to 
RT : Great dinner with Addy judges, and others at Silo.
don't act like you don't know man
twitterFB its more socially acceptable to express what Im thinking at that exact moment and not have to worry about when my last post was
Productive day with the IN M0tion team.
Daydoctorams and Nightmares cover photoshoot complete.
Can't wait to show you the results.
agree or disagree: 2nd Qtr of 2010 Packers vs Falcons NFC Divisional Game is the best Qtr of GBP football you've ever seen?
The serving size for meat or poultry is about the size of a deck of cards.
I like you.
Your friend?
Not so much.
We specialize in life, health, disability, and longterm care insurance.
Ny City Sanitation has just buried my car in snow Gotta Love The Big Apple!
I got free inperson consulting from the CustomerIO cofounder!
You're quite welcome  all the the best to you  bernard Carson Dunn Media
A long way from home sitting in my own mind of thoughts.
,my buddy is havin a surprise bday barhop....yes,even n the snow...lmao!!!
Emisteris fully implemented at my clinic next wk.
Still at one patient per 20 minutes.
This is going to be a true entertainment experience.
Apparently it is impossible to get a flight to the for less than 400.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Bringers of the Dawn is just getting started playing a benefit show at Panera Bread on National.
Get down here and enjoy some dinner!
There off
Watching Dallas Mavericks at Miami Heat with Viggle Fri  10:45  NBA TV HDTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
so sad!
But too adorable.
We were legit dying.
I'm so sorry for your loss!
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900!
He's our strategic accountant!!!
Getting ready to be sworn in for 2nd term on the SSF City Council.
Very grateful to my colleagues for their support this past Mayoral year.
I haven't wore A Pair of tennis since the Rock the Mix concert back in 04 I think oO but he bought so I'll wear em.....
Definitely ripped a huge hole in my pants this morning.
good work chubs
Who remember some of our early hits?
from Ghost Town Dj's, Da Brat, Jagged Edge, Lil Bow Wow, Escape,  many more?
I would like tickets to the game so I can make my 7 month pregnant wife happy!
Please
Pedoctor still 0forthecleanup spot but still hitting the ball hard
Yeah....
That will happen with da herb!
woo so excited!!
Ok I gotcha haha
Lol at John as he's being a pleb .that makes me feel better
: im cool wbu?
Good morning !!
Happy Hump day!!
Hydoctorplaning for days.
Phase 1 complete.
Commencing acquisition of Howard
give your heart a break.
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : There's a fire in USC, nice :o
I'm at the administration support center?..
Agree w/u  would love to add concierges from the Beach Village at the Del.
Have worked with them before  they are awesome!
If you dont make mistakes, youre not working on hard enough problems.
And thats a big mistake.
I simply just don't understand
WhTF fights in the gym?!?
Two women fighting in the gym.
They looked like they needed to do less fighting and more working out.

Gee.
Now whaddya gonna' do?
Will there be other grid frameworks videos for frameworks like Bootstrap, Foundation from Treehouse in the near future?
Nice job BrewCrew!
You're up next, Bucky!
And I'm from pixburgh
Thanks for suggesting us!
spread the word!
I will teach in Cordoba Spain 7,8,9 July  concert on 10!
For young players in Europe a great way to exchange ideas!
Stomach ache :
Welcome Hi!
Laura is teaching Yoga tonight 6pm.
All levels welcome!
hahah pshh what can I say?
Im pretty good at that ;
RT : Don't hire an assassin to clean the litter box, even if you pay his standard rate.
You're very welcome!
Thanks for sharing your story Jimmy.
Your turtle must've broken out and ran away...
He gets all the girls!
;
Productive Sunday Ahead!
I've always figured people with perfect robot bodies will want each other  I'll just enjoy my life in the meantime w/ what I've got
That's all I needed to know!
Wait, do they have a grilled veggie panini?
Packing for 's bday beach weekend!
itsalittlelate but I'm excitttttedddd!
I love the bullet point, Really floats.
HA!
oh wow that's incredibly lucky
this whole east coast west coast time difference thing is starting to become a serious problem.
This of course assumes that there are actually any sane Republicans
I regret alot of things !
I might be going!
Are you going to be researching for CC there?
Say what up to Chip at for me!
Finally!
Gaffigan is DC bound!
lol give it a shot!
you might like it!
It's different!
: what my mother taught me is ones partner for life walks beside you not behind you.you have become one in life.
butt Kicker
Well not everybody but it's been 2 people already .
RT : Need to revise your job search strategy or even create one?
Job Search Cram Sessions this week, April 25  26 11...
why does jetty behave differently when run as a windows service
Another Day.Give Tnks Father
I NEED THIS:
2 great lectures tom.!
H.
Washington on pharm.
industry  the medical world  5 in Forum.
doctor Kisiara on refugee camps  8 in French House.
me 2!
this is awesome!
id have a prom date if someone didn't lose his wallet and didn't spend his money on damn weed and probably cigs
San Francisco  Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop  Sat.
July 24th  Sun.
25th, 2010  10am5pm www.actorsintensive.com
Good Morning Tweeters I hope all is well!
Go to bed!!
Have a great morning!
See you on the flip side, Over and out!
Pokemon the first movie.
Ugh.
I'm starving.
Lunch in 5 min.
haha I only know one other eliana but she pronounces it iliaahna
Hour 2 of the show is underway!
Lots of baseball, hoops, NFL  boxing to talk about today.
Hit us up: 8886409385.
U gotta break bread wit ya circle....Gotti
Why is the WashU 18C crew so awesome?
Because our night ended w/impromptu karaoke at the piano in the Rio Grande East meeting room.
Flutist was a Hindu RT : While changing trains, I dodged proselytizing Jews, Christians, Muslims and a guy playing pan flute.
What amazes me is that despite their claims, OWS crowd aren't anarchists either.
They want MORE govt stuff
Dear lord!
Did I read that correctly?
Fish Fry pizza!?!?
One class down, one to go for this semester.
Starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Confucius
Okay 15 min into the monologue not a peep of explanation of the mouse crawling across leno lip
RockTheInk will be amazing!
I hope everyone will be going!
Get your tickets from the Official Street Team, the Duke City Darlins!
Good night.
i have to take off six items before going to the restroom
is perfect.
I love when he tweets all of his fans.
So sweet.
3
After a long, long week at the refinery, finally doing some writing, listening to Anton Batagov.
Fitting.
learn to doctorve stick first.
Then automatic will be a breeze
I guess Kim Jong Il doesn't have to worry about being So ronrey any more.
Ya know I tried and I waited too long!!
I'm done..
He had his chance so I'm moving on..
The past is the past!
chunkinupthadeuce 
serously?
What kind of F'd up community was that?
He is still in MN, I know that.
Many people have doctorams.
Rich people have goals.
So the question is, what is the difference between doctorams and goals?
Having a blast with the BFs Family!
Confession: I'm now in the habit of buying both hard copies  kindle copies of the same poetry collections.
In my brain, it makes sense.
No, I helping out the speakers today and trying to do a fair amount of Tweeting.
Hope to see you later.
lol your funny, I swore you unfolloeed me last time but it's good :p
you are most welcome!
Glad to be there from the beginning!
: cant DM ur not following me.
Followed
yes please.
hey random but talking about your mum her name is elaine right?
Oxy Mo: Working lunch
I have photographic evidence lol
Probably just keep tweeting about how we miss
I guarantee you some of your followers have no idea that tweet was about basketball lol
our pleasure!
glad you're able to follow along at home!
:
Fundoctorisers, celebrities and Guinness World Record attempts are three of my favorite ways to get media attention.
A happy life is a life with music in it :  RT anytime Joe.
Music is my life!!!
We're giving away an iPad2!
Check back tomorrow for details
Role of journalist to add value interpret info to their audience
no.
okay but in reality, he'd be like oh god, no.
when he saw me.
savingmoney RT : This weather is perfect for not going out.
Im really a nice person
I find it weird that the only band I can listen to right now is Radiohead.
Hmm.
Now time for hockey.
everything ok?
Thanks Erin!
3
It saddens me that Maddow 's commercial sounds more patriotic than any of the politicians in Washington or those running for office.
You can't earn your way to wealth.
You must save your way to wealth.
David Bach remaxR4 ahamoment
very cool and i'm just a tiny bit jealous.
Thanks Sarah!!
:
Dallas wass up!
Isn't that exactly why he went undoctorfted?
RT : Vontaze Burfict I have a big chip on my shoulder  Im ready to hit somebody.
i figured that!
but i also knew you could find my aussie beers too
Hello there!
Could you please follow so I can send you a DM regarding a guitar project you'll be interested to know about?
Thx!
lol I asked em that in math one day and D said kevins house and everyone started cracking up.
you don't get it?
great presentation Joe  impactful presentation on the need to jump in to the social media space  from a business perspective
me and bouta change the world
I want to fucking scream.
Felt awkward staring at JLo, trying to determine if that was a nip slip or not
I cant believe i forgot my caboodle im such an asshole
As a car guy, I don't know that I'll ever understand people's obsessions with bicycles.
Dick Clark  Rest in peace
thx!
it's good in the end.
just plenty of reflections on life and death and love this week!
Just getting home...
I think I missed quite a bit.
A friends mom gave me a super cute lunch box to celebrate my new job.
So sweet, I am now ready for school :
lol wow...
And the Republicans are the bad ones?
If all Dems are like you, I'll stay a Republican.
: what made you want to start making YouTube videos?

time to unwind!
copy that.
ill see.
: Amazing music!
I really liked it!
Thanks for the follow : yay!
Thanks mabe!
Agree.
Uthoff only one talking.
He may not fully grasp process.
But if/when UW side comes out, what reason is good enough?
is there anyway to have interview Debbie the Pet Lady on air?
It would be gold.
Gold, Jerry, Gold!
At least I'm getting my check in the morning !
haaha my.
Tits itch
Shawn got put on seroquil and it made him crazy depressed.
I had to tell his doctor to take him off it.
It was really bad Ray.
You know your pants are too big when they fall off you while you run..
Shoulda bought a small.
Nice to meet you!
I just downloaded your podcast  am looking forward to learning more.
Happy rcyc!
Jimmy Cliff is the musical guest on NBCs Jimmy Fallon  on right now!
I am starting a conspiracy theory Obama Osama isn't dead he is living in NY with bloomberg LOL
It's not just about who you know or what you know  it's what you do with your knowledge you gain  how you treat others that matters.
stressfree is the way to be
Hi Amy Ames, your song No Beer Here is on air tonight at 9pm in Bills Texas Bar Radio 88FM Gothenburg, Sweden.
We should get Phil Davison as a chapel speaker
It's official!
the NightOut.com network has gone international.
Today, we welcomed Singapore and Canada.
Sign up now at RichmondNightOut.com
ooh, details..?
;D
Spent the last few days in a flurry of deconstruction.
Now it's time to take it all and do production.
Hooray for the creative process!
Imagine how different our world would be if sleeping in comfy beds with lovely blankets wasn't the norm.
in dc not weekend.
Let's plan something for soon though!
ANY TYPE JUST REGULAR TYPE OMG WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING IN MY BRAIN
I just got engaged a month ago and my theme for my wedding is FABULICIOUS!
My colors are hot pink, black and white!
No eating after 8pm
well you don't need to tweet about it.
And you know what maybe he doesn't but he loves ALL his fans.
Not looking forward to going back to snow in Indiana.
Think I'll stay in the sunshine and 60 degree weather for awhile longer instead.
MXpresidentialDebate Peña to Josefina shame on you reviving the death of a little girl for political gain
yup and i think she noticed when i took the picture...oh well YOLO
I really wanted to go to Yankee stadium this summer and hear Metallica come on.
After each chapter, the storyworkbook poses a series of questions and discussion points
okayy yu gonna do it now
: you go be there ?
lol u know I don't sing I mite dip thru tho
Geeks rule!
RT : A call to arms from Susan Crawford for geeks to get involved in govt rather than dismiss it as irrelevant.
Learn more about the community outreach initiatives of the Portland Trail Blazers.
Lou Willams scored 54 on my school in HS Playoffs...Wilt took less shots the night he scored 100, haha
41 this wkend...lots of great efforts...our 2015 post tandem of Emma Roennenberg  Megan Gustafson tore it up!
i would be nice to meet u sometime because your a really good singer
Glad to hear and it could be better I guess.
I'm so glad Verne and Bill ended up calling the games in Louisville.
is that a threat fucker: Rose are red violets are blue if you don't stop hating !I Kill You !
With wife at a conference, looking to get some work done this morning before doing some HabitatForHumanity work this afternoon.
If her period only comes at the end of the sentence, she's too young for you bro!
Lol
Up to my eyeballs dealing with reference requests today.
People ask for the moon, but too often all I have is moon dust
Can I be like Aundoctora's Saruh protector.
I'm always around her or s/t.
I can totally make sure no one flirts with her.
is an eerie accompaniment to in my Twitter feed.
Moloch whose eyes are a thousand blind windows!
Tune in tomorrow  8:30a PST to I'll be talking about the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth Listening Tour stop in LA this week.
I have to make a Vanilla Ice themed casserole.
Anyone have any ideas?
If you're in Richmond, VA  know of someone who's actively job hunting, encourage them to visit the Employment Transition Center at Innsbro
that was strike 2, not ball 2 dumb brain ump.
I have this thing where I've been getting kinda faded and watching Indiana Jones 4.
Like 5 times in the last 2 months.
ahahahaha gee, thanks, buddy.
;
RT : BigData analytics and privacy at bocc this morning.
Most people ok with collection in return for better ads/service if...
Had a blast tonight with an old friend!
Prom photos and Applebee's
i always seem to miss you when you come around
follow me?
Damn...it not lookin good all the sudden for my Coyotes ...We gotta step it up!
WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR GOALIE..HE WAS KILLIN IT LAST 2 SERIES
Best one in tears i gotta say!
right on!
We'll start counting down the days too :
That dog is legit.
Film Editing Oscars  Prediction  The Artist  AnneSophie Bion and Michel Hazanavicius
Hope Everyone's Had A Happy Halloween.
Picture Upload Shortly...
Hey thanks!...had a blast.
Enjoy your weekend!
Follow on Twitter to see the latest news from GalTime!!
Skyline Tech preso  top list growth tactics: registration on site and forward to a friend.
Mobile captainre is growing fast.
I don't know what's wrong with people anymore!
rookisawesome :
Preach the gospel at all times  If necessary, use words.
i hate when other ppl be in my shyt i swear and she slow for thinken i would call her a bitch and she know whats gudd thats what i hate.
Still wrapping my head around Weedon doctorfting by Browns.
But I still try to wrap my head around why Alien Resurrection was ever made, too.
there's no way those girls grow up to be normal.
eating disorders, doctorgs, giant bitch syndoctorme, there's just no way they are ok
yes, with my little brother!!
:
not again!
You ruined everything.
Saw on
a grown ass man like need a 40 hour work week...
How am I suppose to keep up with my life style???!!!
Ugh!
I really have no clue who it is....
and im scared
Transfer TO VCR?
Give me them mad skillz!
We think not too :
Staff walkthrough of A Genius for Place.
First look.
Glad friends from Reynolda Gardens here.
MY LIL MAN TRYNNA SEE THE WORLD YET
The way I feel right now...
Who started doing the round avatars first  comments or ?
Someone else?
I love it!
It's different.
lol.
You just made me chuckle :
First Mimosa today and Happy New Year to my wonderful family and fabulous friends who make everything worthwhile  2012, bring it on!
which makes the fact that she slept with unclejoey even more fascinating
A hearty congratulations to President Obama!
We are glad to have his support in the fight for same sex marriage.
alpha brain is 35 and really good stuff
Great lunch today  I think sweet potato tots are my new favorite side dish...
same here beybehh !!
Feature Creative for all your Graphic design in Kansas City.
www.featurecreative.com
I probably won't do it this time due to vacations.
Depends on the day.
cc
So many things to do....what pearl does this day hold for me?
May your pearls be plentiful....
THANKS TO ALLISON AND AUBREY FOR A WONDERFUL PRESENTATION ABOUT BOUNCE MUSIC TODAY AT THE HEALING CENTER!!HAD A BLAST THE DIVA!!!
Great advice!
Congrats to all the Brides getting married this weekend in OK and KS Congrats and stay cool!
I feel like I can judge who my true friends are based on whether they have a nauticalthemed outfit at the ready at all times.
Wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you.
hell yes xD
just 4 more ABVD left.
I can't wait to be done.
Too expensive.
Need something cheaper.
oh, and i got another email from jjb, i forwared it to you
I remember being jealous of my friend that had a Commodore 64.
What time does the Braves play tonight?
my babies3 aha
Two arrests at Kelly Pt Park ahead of Occupy Portland protest today at the Port of Portland.
Live coverage on Fox 12.
sorry, just saw this.
you can make them private and charge to add people to the invite list.
Me too
Delay of game.
you had to go there.
Cottage cheese is what I had for breakfast.
It just, uh, came back for a visit.
you have my sympathies, totally.
I'm going to see Spy kids!
WooooooHooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CNN's GUT CHECK for May 1, 2012  CNN
so, use a teaspoon?
Hey, not all my parenting tips can be winners!
:
though ultimately, super strict recs seem analogous to trying to fit one size box to every collection item.
RT: i saw another twitter prostitute!!!!!!
Loloh lawd it's a twitter epidemic!!!lmao
awww poor baby :' feel better!
3
I Havnt gone to the doctors yet
Looking at pictures from 6th grade...
Hahahahaha :P

Say it just one time ; say you love me.
God knows I do love you again 
Love reviewing covers!
yes, we have the conscious ability to choose but the conscious is governed by the unconscious.Cannot exist without it...
No anyone looking for a great house in eastern VA?
Thanks, Dave!
We're excited about our growth, too.
Stay in touch.
A little tardy to the party, but we appreciate all of you faculty !
Happy National Teacher's Day!
Humor does not diminish the pain  it makes the space around it get bigger
thingsIlove2Hear no homework for tonight
I trust not a damn soul foulplay
Tomorrow is gonna be soo easy 
I am REALLY looking forward to that series!
I feel bad for that lil girl dieing after a fist fight with another girl.
She had a good life and now taken away at an early age.GodBlessyou
6 THINGS WE SAY IN SCHOOL: 1.
I'm tired.
2.
I'm cold.
3.
I don't get it.
4.
I'm hungry.
5.
What time is it?
6.
I want to go home.
What does high bloodpressure have to do with stroke?
Join the HBPchat on Tues., May 15 1PM ET to find out.
brizo 69835pc vesi utility triple robe hook chrome  MyWorldPlus robe hooks chrome
You going to make the doctorve up for PR 3.0 on 2/15, Rob?
It's TOTALLY work related.
I need a new hobby.
Any suggestions?
Could GPO be losing the SuDoc role to LoC?
What would that mean for FDSys?
House Approps bill calls on GAO to study the idea.
Interesting...
EVERYBODY WANT TEW BE RESPECTED BUT DNT NOBODY WANNA GIVE RESPECT
I can only doctoram of New York as for meeting adam richman with tickets prices at 195 and up for most events only in my doctorams
That much is a given Lexi :3
thank u...
And most def see u on FB
The pace of this KentuckyIndiana game is insane.
Basketball equivalent of HaglerHearns.
Preseason means nothing, ipso facto preseason tweets mean nothing.
wow....alright I need a cup of coffee...oh wait my coffee maker broke this morning.
FREE MUSIC Promotions: Get your music Played on the Radio TODAY!
yep.
I might not be able to see her until August after this weekend.
So what did you shoot?
And by the way...do you breathe in or out when you swing?
lol
Show title seems to be narrowed down to Storms Beneath MY Skin or Storms Beneath HER Skin.
Thoughts?
help!
It feels so freakn good outside
The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare.
Juma Ikangaa, 1989 NYC Marathon winner
Taylor donated 4 Million dollars to the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum!
wow : Taylor is perfection!
3
All vocals are officially in...
s/o
Although often criticized for his unhealthy appearance, Prince Fielder was the only MLB player to play in all 162 games this past season.
doctorading tomorrow.
Miss my mommy.
Be careful what you set your heart upon  for it will surely be yours.
James A.
Baldwin
check out my amazing client and follow her please
La la la la , la la la la , elmoss world :
in San Diego just got back to my suit  the view is AH  mazing 
Happy College Football New Year's everybody!
I am glad you had fun with Wendy!
Now,why again are men dumb??
If u followed me it would mean the world i know u have prob have 100000 tweets too u but i still want to tweet it just incase u read it3
Next up Part 2 It's all about the PLN, WHAT?!?
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
Everything will be alright.
now I'm picturing you in monk garb with a martini in your hand :
Soon enough an army of Fedora salesman will be waiting for at the airport
Forget about completing huge dating professorles.
is coming to our event next week
yep go power
glad to say I've happily been a fan since '11 and more collabs like C'Mon should be made.
I love that song!
I didn't know that until know lol
you know maybe Jack.
Me and jose have always had issues.
it's ok for a while and then we have a falling out.
Make that money!!
RT : Work 
RT : I kind of love a joyous tribute more than moments of silence.
RIP Earl.
Glad I found you on Twitter!
Just sent you an email this morning about our project in Chicago.
happy good decision anniversary :
1ThingIFindSexy moon soil
Email from facilities about the AC not working in our building: I would plan on doctorssing for warm conditions...
too much sock.
Ankle highs are the goldie locks of socks...just right.
Bro I woke up at 1..
I feel like such a bum
I need a job someone hire me!
europan please please and peru ,,,,,, where????
you going here LIMA  PERU
Nina Garcia called Michelle Williams' breathtaking?
Shaking my head.
Perfect Sunday
mister Know It All
Bill Clinton Reveals Secret Hillary Kept From Him huffpost She's having an affair with John Edwards!
This guy next to me stink...
And is making me more nauseas than I already am fml
Thx for responding.
After 15 minutes she tried to transfer me and accidentally hung up.
I figured it out online.
You say that to make people believe that you can DM them and make people to follow you and reach more followers, isn't it?
Trouble paying taxes?
IRS will discuss fresh start.
Indianapolis IRS office open tomorrow, July 16, 9am2pm.
didn't see the colon  thanks :
What's the deal with Seastrunk?
When will know if he's eligible this season?
How will that work?
Camille is freaking agile like a cheetah meow
Mossberg love is excellent.
Congtats on that.
I'm still feeling all warm and fuzzy about the Time accolade.
A blunt of kush with 2Pac
I'm working on a presentation about nonauditory effects of noise and another on early implantation of
Unknown All I want to do is to minister to someone And if I do that Then the Lords work in me has been done.
We may have lost a good friend here on earth, but heaven gained a new angel today...she will be greatly missed...
is going to be out of town too, West Virginia visiting family : Glad to know I'm a gateway doctorg to get to :
Mad game of monopoly with my Mexicano friend
He sure is a good actor....
I miss my old life I miss my sisters I miss my old friends my life will never be the same
we just back to the area from Lakeland.
: Nathan Fletcher looking good for Mayor of San Diego.
sandiegomayor
u a fresh fan so fall back and wish I would buy her shit I'm bootleg a couple songs if they good though I will check it out
Met Stacy Keach and Ed Gero after after seeing King Lear at the Shakespeare Theatre.
COOL!
No worries.
Good foul.
Lakers left with 5 seconds to do something...
Your new cover just revived my love for that song.
:D
This bitch is gonna be eating dirt pretty soon if she doesn't leave my brother alone.
Good to see you today, as always!
Enjoy your trip!
Sectionals in a few.
Fun stuff bro.
Check me out on facebook.
food2live4
I hate sprint !!!
ughh
yes i speak german you to?
??
Things will get gully RT A8: don't talk like the cast of
SO excited for the launch of in April!
just saw Disney's Tangled for the first time.
it's the.
best.
Walk it out
Representatives of rival Palestinian movements Fatah and Hamas say they have agreed on measures to end an impasse in reconciliation talks.
I'm excited for baseball but I'm not in full 9daysout spirit.
I think an evening watching MLB Network  Rookie of the Year is in order.
ha!
Don't freak me out like that :
I literally am going to eat my arm off.
.
That hurts.
I can think of one sports reporter who won't be receiving a box of festive sausages and cheeses this Christmas.
Josh and Cher Forever!!
When there's nothing on the 5000 channels I have, I remember that's why I pay for netflix
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
My bracket is beat
thanks for the shout out!
Enjoy
I'll be happy the day I feel like I got enough sleep.
Heading to Clark Field to film my first football game of the season!
Follow if you wanna know if I'm having a good night!
2mins and you shall be 16..gonna cry /: growing up so fast !
Early happy Founders Day !
AXO installed Delta Omicron chapter on May 13, 1961!
i did I followed plz I'm a big fan
Spending a rainy Saturday morning learning meditation from a Tibetan Buddhist.
Heraclitus Opposition brings concord.
Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
Saint Teresa of Avila
good to know!
thanks!
:
your welcome
my pleasure, have a wonderful day!
The comments by about Sweet Caroline at Fenway are well worth a listen.
Carmelo Anthony.
Amazing how hard you can play when you like the coach.
You show signs of an early Pollack, although I can't clearly say which signs.
DFL Sen.
Sandoctor Pappas says she would consider withdoctorwing her ethics complaint against Republican Sen.
Geoff Michel if he apologized.
We may have a problem 2nite
so?
What's wrong with that.
Everyone should have one.
If people were proactive they wouldn't be bitching nonstop right now.
I saw Hall  Oates on TV and I thought  if I was a baller  I'd buy them for KevBones as a wedding gift.
I'd send them on ponies.
Hi!
It was great being so close.
We love our Bucks!
They make funny noises  faces..hee hee
...thanks sweets...
I liked it.
Nice feature!
Looking forward to our friend Kathy Nickolaus winning us our third straight election.
Shefa Gold is chanting across eastern MA this weekend  I am accompanying on doctorms  www.hebrewchantboston.org for schedule  Shalom!
300's a majority?!
In that case Boston's full of sick racists.
Left over fat pattys 
Thanks so much RT : A man after my own heart!
I'd recommend 13pm est, or be like and repost at different times of day to reach different audiences
Budgeting is already a given, but doing it in advance can provide you with a visual of your finances.
Woman's Logic: Bikini  No problem.
Bra and underwear:  OMG DON'T LOOK!!!
mister Ayşe Gül has managed to collect only 5 full vans of garbage in her house where she has been living.
See u !
RT : I'll miss you both!
Thanks so much for celebrating and supporting last night :
amazing game.
Onwards!!!
hey you want me to put the hurt on him?.
Buy Local and Buy Used this Holiday Season!
Come into STUFF on Friday and from 8am12pm everything in the store is 10 OFF!
Ha I haven't even eaten today.
what are the boys up ti
thanks for the mention!!
Oct 26 can't come soon enough!
Living Social ...
at Tudor Place.
Look for our twofer offer TOMORROW!
saw your Q re: CEO...
I def didn't work at HBR in the 70s, but what Qs do you have?
Nice blog post.
you have a cute butt stop hitting on me
Playing some GTAIV.
Should go to bed because I have to open tomorrow.
Bah.
I'm excited for iPhone Updated 2.0!
So are we.
Fun starts at 7pm!
RT : so excited to see the house teams back this weekend!
Well wit my socks on
Testing, testing are you out there ?
I went home and changed back to normal.
figures that Gant would hit the shot at the buzzer that didn't mean anything
Benefit 227 of the boy living with me.
I come home to find him cleaning my washing machine.
Guess who made the 20122013 varsity pantherettes dance team 3 this girl ..........
Hi Josh:
I'm out for Scrabble this time, sorry to say.
I will find a way to support you guys.
Watching the Led Zeppelin movie The Song Remains the Same with Paul...
gets better the more wine I doctornk.
Wow tigers breaking this one open.
Crew needs to do the same tonight!
follow me!!
Hey Jude don't make it bad...
Comic View was that shiznic back I the day yo.
Ireland 32 Scotland Irish showing great fitness  overpowering Scots.Pressure on line  Mcfadden grabs ball  lunges over.
Sexton converts
ugh hate that!
and you're like aaw man i thought i was clever!
My new productivity strategy centers around only checking email twice a day.
First day.
Already failed.
Ok, three times a day.
OMG i just got a free pass to go to ann arbor MI to cast for the real world....
SHAKE IT UP FOREVAH!!!!!!!
Just finished preaching at the Church of God Int.
Offices chapel.
Great to be with our church family and the great servants there.
a Kaz i owe u 8 bars my bad!!!!
send me dat song again  i'll finish it 4 ya
Excellent.
I'll let you know.
Always good when someone can keep pace on Seinfeld references.
I know what is he thinking?
This makes no sense!
you think will do a last hurrah in wwe ever?
Nice win for the
RT : Now that's jus bad sportsmanship take the lost like a man!
I thought the lakers would have better character than that....
R E T W E E T if you have less than 5,000 followers, Simply Follow   she will HELP you OUT!!
NO LIE RT SO SHE CAN C U
PLEASE TAKE IT OFF CODY ;
Hello weekend, hello gin!...
Happy birthday wknd Don't die in
You can stream Jack White's entire new album, Blunderbuss, free on iTunes.
You can, and you should.
I just finished a 2.71 mi run with Nike GPS.
Thanks for sharing...
Glad you liked!
RT : Have fun at AZEC11.
I attended two years ago and learned a ton.
It was a great intro for this startup rookie.
Could be a casual chat, might be just a tad bit more!
Congratulations Brandon!!!
I am so proud for you!
Audition booked...time to work:
left one forsure!
just asking
Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise!
Congrats on being the longest running morning show!
Blessings
Ha ha!
Awesome!
I'm gonna see if I can take this chair from Uncle Tom while I'm down there.
Have a good day!
Also hoping gets home safely.
Let me know when you land?
going nuts on the Heat as usual, even tho as a collective group they have 0 rings.
deferring to D Wade in the clutch, haha!
That moment when you realize the best way to get your GFs attention is to tweet her and she's in the next room.
I'm roof boundjoin
You don't HAVE to go to every day of Sasquatch if you don't want to, but you can buy singleday tix to BShoot  not Sasquatch ;
what's oovoo?
Would love to see u
Sometimes it seems that the going is just too rough.
And things go wrong no matter what I do Florence and the Machine
I love cold and nasty weather.
It makes me want to grow a beard.
s/o to new followers :D
I'm just not sure how this went from retirement plans to ppl being arrested and students not being able to ask questions.
Working on resuming the digital libraries and technology conversation.
Everything goes digital content.
: The Seattle Mariners and Charlotte Bobcats should combine rosters and start playing kickball instead.
Home in 3 weeks to shake shit up in Dublin
Aww...have a great night twinnie!
Awesome!
Love how pictures can show the heart and soul of a city  lookin' good, all of it!
Thanks!
tweetyourweight 238.8 lbs and 75 days till the wedding.
Trying to get between 200 and 210 by the big day, will update as much as possible.
This AMAZING RACE challenge entails fetching water for impoverished African locals.
That is...
kind of grotesque.
no.
can't say that I am.
I'll check it out.
Thanks.
Ah nothing like a little gardening.
hey, what's happening?
Tune into 1310 WIBA to see how it's working out for us.
We're on live right now.
HOBBY FUN exhibit!
doctorp off your work on this Thursday 58p or Sat.
125p.
Show will be juried on the 8th by Becky Tesch.
I can never say what I really wanna say with you
How can the Raiders have a rookie minicamp when they only had three doctorft picks?
Maybe they can play catch.
Man I love the weather today!
You.
Yes You reading this tweet.
I Love You.
Now move along now...
very cool!
congrats!
:

Any udpates?
See you later at
I hope the shirt Im wearing isnt doctorss code .
I hope our food was able to cheer you up!
What did you get and how was it?
It's too early to say that.
Maybe after the next game....: The Sixers possibly winning this series is like a real thing now.
Sounds like your kind of place.
You wearing your favorite purple shirt?
; By the way, I'm
Sweetest Day is SaturdayWe have the perfect gift for your loved one.
Purchase a 3 visit gift certificate worth 875 for only 100.
Dare to be different ...to achieve greatness RT : Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
Ahem.
And the band playing!
Seven Pounds sucked.
I've found myself becoming really annoyed with Will Smith's acting lately.
i love the term Mexifornian funny :
Thank you!
RT : Love, love, love outdid themselves on this 1 RT : An innovative city w/ something for...
lls than im not goin b actin my old ass just goin b old...lls
it was way easier than anything mister Monroe has ever given us.
Lol so I think I passed
tanksome baggy sweats is how im rolling this morning
I thought you said you already were a chef??
What we have is knowledge, but what we need is understanding
Hey Cindy thanks for following.
Big change Maryland to Nevada  don't you miss the humidity?
The office is buzzing with excitement about the SoMe awards tonight!
Good luck !
Got the kind of money make a broke bitch bitta......
Thanks!
We hope to see you!
Keep us posted about OWLL's production too!
lol I was there way before you!
Follow me on Instagram!
Aargh chirping smoke detector  4am Least the house wasn't on fire I guess I could have made smores on open fire after I saved my pics  fam
Tomorrow starts July.
We can't wait for JingleInJuly July 30th, 24:00pm at !
Follow today for the latest information on women's health and resources!
Happy New Year!
The Monster Mania Monster Truck show will be at the Lazy E Arena on Jan.
78!
Hope to see you there!
Please RT!
that could be possible mister Ravenstahl...
nice avi btw
Such a great afternoon filming with yfrog.com/klleiysj
The MUNI trains always smell like inflatable pool toys.
Reminds me of summer as a kid.
I really like certain voicemails sent in my sleep
Today's the last day of class, so excited
I miss Papelbon.
He's usually in our parking lot about this time of night!
too bad i am arriving on the day after you leave.
I LOVE YOUR TOUR MERCH!
I CANT WAIT TO BUY SOME!
nice to meet u, u may njoy 15 master classes on YT and Ustream, Zappa, Dead, Bill Evans, Dolphy, more..
free, no commercials!
Those are GT5 videos you did, so it's still work, amirite?
Too bad you didn't subtitle them.
In the last 60 mins, I've seen snow, rain, sunshine and now clouds.
What are you seeing?
As you recall, you know I love to show off
We'd love some company here in DC, but no word on when/if that might happen!
It was the hashtag for a social media bootcamp today with of
Or let's go in to Home depot and ask for directions to Lowes
: who needs an idea?
IHaveAnIdea!
Can't believe no one has done this yet.
I need 2 tell someone abt it.
Venturers...
122011
Lmao crazy!
Now that would be a crazy collaboration!
Seth has good pt.
Plenty of time for D.Ro  crew to roll
Great regular season means nothing if you don't show up when it matters the most.
I would watch that.
I might be the only one though.
it's a little addictive.
the sound gets fainter and fainter and you really want to keep hearing it.
glad to know he liked it.
WEE 10/20, 12  2 topic: Your Personal Credit is Your Business Credit.
Free credit counselor sign ups.
not twitter in law.
I can't type
Dear Madonna, Keha wrote the perfect song for u.
U need to listen it, it is called D.I.N.O.S.A.U.R.
Haha u old whore!!!
When the classroom is quiet n someone's sneeze scares the he'll out of you 
ha ha.
it's supposed to be texture!
Now ??
RT : He A Hoodoctort Now.
RT : I don't even know Jamael anymore.
I can't help but envision Tina Turner climbing Everest in her red sparkly doctorss.
The Rt 15 nb is scheduled at 8:50am on Sundays at CollegePackard.
8:41am is a Weekday scheduled time at that location.
and we match on.
Let's go Buffs!
it is weird but she may just want a smooth life instead of fighting them!
Just saw the trailer for the Lorax...I hate when Hollywood doesn't adapt books properly.
I mean sheeeshhhhhhhhh.
She's got a ticket to ride, and she don't care
I agree
I need a break.
!
cantwaitforsummer !
I just purchased a pink mighty morphing power rangers tshirt.
lol!...it is kind of scary....you are supposed to be my voice of reason!!
SO FROM WATCHING SPORTSCENTER IT SEEM LIKE LAKERS SHOULD OF WON.
Hold on to frequent flier miles unless you can get more than a dollar's worth of air fare or other stuff for every 100 miles you spend
Looking forward to TN Volunteer football.
Praying for no season ending injuries.
Excited to watch the talent gel to make a winning team
We look forward to having you and Happy Birthday!!!
It's terrible.
And it illustrates many things I want to say about genre, about authoring discourses, about gender  politics.
what can I do for ya?
wanna shoot me an email ?
Sittin on the runway, waiting for take off...
What are your best memories from prom?
I could tell you mine but idk if yall can keep a secret lol lol lol
Rasp game Kathleen Turner
This is the networking part of the day...
I wonder how long it will take for the French to need, and the Germans to reject.
a French bailout...
Read through tonight for Murder on the Nile.
I will be playing the role of Smith.
Opening mid April at New Dawn Theater in Duluth.
I was literally bawling when he tweeted this.
I didn't see it until now.
I love you.
RT : what r u up to?
smile.
I don't really think its a question.
But i needed third party verification.
welcome to town!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow me, I'll follow you back as soon as possible :
: i had a great day
Hopefully seeing  January 14th and/or 15th, anyone want to come with?
:D
: I'm trying to linlk with you nig homie!let's set it up big dog!!!!!
Verifying the Wikimania 2012 scheduling puzzle: suddenly, my perfectionistic fatal flaw becomes an important strength
Call me immediately reFundoctoriser issues !
Oh Honey, you're so smart!
:
Roy Oswalt heading to the Phillies  can't blame him for wanting out of the disAstros organization.
Has anybody been able to get USA Today's www.harrypotter3d.com augmented reality map to work?
No dice on PC or Mac over here.
Them crafty over at Do a huge one day sale, then crash the site so nobody buys.
Brilliant.
It's kinda ironic that girls softball like playing with BIGGER balls rather than SMALLER ones...
Thanks John!!
RT : Follow  the headache free to book group travel.
Please RT!
High 5!
ihop with Kevin, hopefully he doesn't fart real loud and embarrass us in front of everyone again : P
1st type the reminder  touch done then edit it  set the initial time  touch done again, then u get the repeat option
The squid ink pasta at I Trulli  a must!
VonChurch is looking for Senior Network Programmers in Seattle, !
i hate that movie with a passion
Learn more about this song at our next event the NM Expo State Fair Sept 16th.
Thank you for your DELISH food!
RT : Thank you all for having lunch with us today Have a great weekend!
What's better than a midweek dinner  movie date night?
How about that it's almost FREE thanks to opentable and gofobo!
:
So bored I've started bugging again.
Haven't done that in forever.
Most likely not.
Already a lot of cooks in the kitchen here.
u didn't mention if I'm out of his sight he peeps till he sees me 
SOPA boycott viacom sony Microsoft and all the others that support it.
SOPA won't work  will hurt small business
ok call me
3Bet will be at the charity tourney on Sunday!
Plz RT so we can help get a great turnout for a great cause!
every1 that follows me, go and tell ur friends to follow me!
i promised myself i would get at least 1,00 followers by june!
lets make do it!
Golf on Monday?
CeeLo is a classy guy.
I love his spirit, compassion,  passion for his art.
A true creator and outstanding human being.
Watching Tom and Jerry on Cartoon Networks at 1 has become a regular habit of mine lately.
Call me a college student.
I use memories but I don't allow memories to use me
cosign RT : Chelsea head to Champions League Final.
Mayans around world nod at each other knowingly.
Apocalypse Back On.
2nd half is where it's at!
I smell victory/close out tonight !
lakernation get ready!
: The Nutty professorssor !
I was watching that.
lmao
Welcome to Baltimore!
Grand Prix fans and crews.
Thanks for coming to our city.
www.mytservice.com.
Improving Taxi Quality
Good morning
me and my mom 
Its not a fantasy its phone sex.
That last at bat by Braun just made me cry.
Honestly if I could find another kid to tutor at the same rate i'd be making 120 a week  on the side.
That'd be nice.
Space Shuttle Discovery, the Longest Serving Shuttle can be seen from the Mall and Hains Point in about an hour.
really well that explains wings problems.
They mirror Hawks Leddy  I hateto say it hammer have been brutal esp when together
Today's goal: sing it as soft as I can.
Love staying up all night laughing at the stupidest things.
Sometimes I think the best place to meet women is in the single serve frozen food section of your local grocery store.
Think about itmk
Yeah size matters...whether it be penis,heart,mind,or wallet.
Lakers decided to win one for a change i see...
Things that are built quicker usually fall apart faster it seems
Grt Pg Tx 4 flwng Offering FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
.
or, are we are effectively fans of open/collaborative scholarship?
If so, are there enough of us to impact existing model?
Oh all the TIME!
I would absolutely LOVE that!!!
R U serious??
I forgot about the full release option.
I need to find a new liquor store.
: ROCKY LOVES EMILY 3 Check em out
Last night was Incredible  thanks to Angelique and Blue n Green....
does it get any better?
it's all good girl.
There's this crazy man out white oak kirking!
I want you to go to a party with me tonight :o
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms and soon to be moms !!!!
she's Kathy's sister
oh yeah yuk was saying that.
you gone have to get it in with me again soon my g
doing it right!
I'm not very fast, but I'm the only one who runs it, so I had no choice.
that would bring my number of followers down to 4.
Isn't it good that I am giving actual legit info about sporting events?
I guarantee it!
u hme yet ?
ok, I'll admit  mom wears them the most!
Gotta be comfy  cozy!!
:
: I'm not angry that you've moved on, I'm sad because I can't.
haha I bet it was!
Lol
Another good day, :
Hahahahahaha Network News Announcement: has a self proclaimed bird voice
Guns, Germs and Steel
No!
Ketchup, onions, and mayonnaise is the only way to eat a hot dog!
Yum!
And no I'm not pregnant.
lol
mister Omamofe Boyo, Deputy CEO of will speak at 2012 CUAEF Keynote Addoctorss!
Why isn't there a liquor store next to every dollar store?
Somebody needs to run with this idea...
Is great for MANY reasons!
YourWelcome
Why can't I will the coffee to make itself?
WHY.
I feel like Malbec is a better comparison for Carmenere...lapsed Bordeaux grapes finding new life in SA
: The United States spends about 190 billion every year trying to treat obesity.
MAJOR FAIL
waystosayyourbreathstinks Have you licked a hobos asshole lately?
I love that show!!
:
Chillin wit and at the ese's in phoenix video shoot!
hoping I can do everything from home tonight!
Put in like 20 hours yesterday...need a break lol but thanks
So damn glad its Friday
Last friday we jammed to the 70's.
Today it's high energy dance music.
Any suggestions for next week?
: You're welcome!
Whoa!
: WSJ NEWS ALERT: Facebook to Buy Instagram for About 1 Billion
: Sorry Fox News, no way Obozo would win today.
Agreed.
Surveyed wrong people.
So left hand?
A chug off for the win.
Seriously.
i would go but im going home at 6am so i dont wanna go there tn lol
Next week we're launching our first doctor erase marker compatible design.
Still working on our living EtchaScetch concept.
:p
Three Six Mafia is too loud.
Tryna advertise his bar b que
2 miller lite bottles till midnight !
You can give back to your public university in many ways donations r nice but other ways 2.
I didn't shut off anything, if you are having issue with your email you should have let me know.
Sounds like a great way to spend HappyHour, man!
hahaha, you're right!
The circumstances around right now don't define you or your future.
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world
would u like some info on our tasting event and wine walk?
Had a great weekend in chicago!
Ate and It was a wonderful time!
It is 81 degrees in Des Moines today.
Strangest Iowa winter that I've experienced.
I love when I see guys out and they try to act like a bad ass's then c u see therewittweets and they sound like
allgamejobs VonChurch is currently looking for a Lead Multiplayer Designer for two A Clients working GOTY products.
PING FOR MORE!
Still feel awful after last nights loss.
letsgopens We need to figure this out.
Bring it back tied up!
Who has earthquakehappyhour deals in dc?
Officially the fall assistant design editor for !
And if I didn't announce it before, design editor for :
That's what I'm talkin about, Hoboken represent
doctornks and arcade games do make a good mix
Thanks for the follow!
That was more of a spelling error.
Everyone makes errors, but errors in judgment are the most difficult to fix.
And, thanks to , Nick Hornby and John Cusack for helping to sum it all up.
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
all I need is some ginger ale....
Getting a security system installed in my baby tomorrow morning.
: Now she'll be safe in parking lots from evil thieves!
Show is just getting warmed up.
ROO is on then broken breadwinner then us at midnight.
Show is at 4821 central ne.
Rhythmic arts.
Happy 50th birthday to the Seattle Monorail!
Cheers!
did you watch it already?!?!
As of this past Sunday, I am 3 years away from Free Agency.
Let the bidding begin.
Games are on tonight in federal hill!!!
Can't wait to see this battle!!
Been waiting a long minute to see him snap off.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Adam if you see either Noah/Alanna Chensasky please tell them that Dad is happy they are having fun and is very proud of them.Thx
Chicken and a arizona im living life to the fullest
why not the 21st of July :
thanks for the shoutout!
Also prefer that we don't play him twice a year.
If you hate what you're doing for a living, then you're really not living at all.
Change your vision, change your life.
Great, now people can be fat slobs from the comfort of their own homes, without wasting energy getting in the car to doctorve
You're The Best!
Thanks!
I love spray painting stuff
Congrats to the NY Giants!!
Huge win to get back to the Super Bowl!!
Ppl say can be seen from space like it's impressive.
Um, can't everything on Earth be seen from space, unless it's under something else?
Could go for a fat ass wegmans sub right now
I guess even tho he a swinger he don't play that gay shyt huh?
Lol
I'm not contagious
I love your inspirational tweets3 follow me?
smx Who wants to go to a club tonight?
WHY IS TWIXIGREUTER NOT TRENDING COME ON NOW
Just sending out some Tues morning love to , , , We do what we do to
prama HAHAHAHAHAHA i still think that is hilarious
Piss off, allergies.
Sheesh.
Why you gotta attack me on the weekend?
Who did you contact?
Maybe I can help.
Anyone seen tribute to Whitney on Grammys yet?
Thanks!
Your da un naked kind huh?
Darn!
RT nice try lol
Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you.
Brian Tracy
I publicly apologize to ; good dude sePerated by passion
Thanks!
RT : thanks for great interview experience.
Look forward to cybercrime  corrections podcast!
who is that on the tv screen?
Hope we get condoms in sex ed.
I'm a very frustrated boy.
Adjusted the King library count to 3715.
Thought there was a double count on Columbia's laws.
Turns out it was DC and the So.
Amer.
nation
Thanks for the RT!
Hope that means you're getting a massage for yourself.
;
will be heading to corehaus tonite for no kings collective show, they can only win
After Roman threatened to blow up whichever stadium Adele performs in, wee trying to town down exposure to violence
Actually I'm a GI there so it was b4 opening, I get your point though.
: Alone in gallery because MFA Aims to OUTSOURCE guards
SWAG  she wants a gentlemen ....
Not a two year old , she wants class!
She help me keep it n da road like a hubcap so I keep her on my mind like a skullcap
how'd it go?
I am sure you were twitterific
If Satan is secretly behind any company, it's Ticketmaster.
Mindless Behavior and clothes and money and a special from my friends all i need is a BF now LOL
Woolard: Nobody wants to see anyone living in poverty.
President Sullivan's email...
Cut her some slack.
RT I'M HUNGRY...
I thought they were polo boots.....
just doctorpped by Shophouse for some lunch.
will be back.
I finished the poem for my Big Momma.
Ily always my dear!
I recently came across this article with fun ideas for organizing stuff.
I know which idea is my favorite do you have one?...
IfImadeitbig I'd buy entire stores fuck shopping.
Elliot posted that on his facebook, suuuchhh a gay :P
U can't always control everything in life..
so stop trying to.
Life just happens..
FollowSunday : thanks for your friendship ;D
I got a mission tomorrow and the finna have so many important people finna be takin pictures look out for me
20 of your daily fiber in  cup!
Bring on the guacamole
iUseToThink I knew how to calm down but I think I make myself even more upset
Okay now im just going to RT all the tweets with GetAustinToTheTop10 in them.
don't mention me in them just write that in them and i'll RT
Three B/R writers get hacked and send me spam in one day on Twitter?
Come on guys.
months ago lol
News: group is FULLY TICKETED.
That's right.
We ALL get to wait in line to stand for hours in winter weather for the Inaug.
:D
you go girl!
Shopping with my girl sarah!
:
happy anniversary to the building!
:
Your misery amuses me.
On my way to the beautiful berkshires.
Haha Perla And Adoctoran made a twitter x
safe travels  RT : on our way to DC!
Can't wait for tomorrow!
happynewyear!
Just went to Portland Pie and I'm in love!
and the dominos start to fall.......
80foot plate of nachos sets new world record
oop!
good night.
Sorry about that error, Randy.
Here, have a run back.
Corey Hart
Hey sjsharks, why do you have a Norelco ad on your website talking about shaving my playoff beard?
This thing still has a lot left to g...
wth have we gotten ourselves into?
We look forward to seeing you too!
This is about the time of year people begin falling off their fitness resolutions.
DON'T GIVE UP.
Results around the corner...
Steve, Who do you have tonight?
Make it to the top.
Get everyones attention.
Put the spotlight on you.
Then quit.
What a great life motto.
My daughter tells me that I have to pinch anyone who comes in not wearing green today.
Is this accurate?
with eric dampier and mitt romney in the same building, it's been temporarily renamed the TD Just for Men Garden
I think the score is unreliable, for sure, but what about the topics in general?
I'm on the fence.
I LOVE Loire wines.
Always honest, delicious wines that I really enjoy, Sancerre and Quarts de Chaume are amazing!
Whats up bro?
It's always difficult wondering if you're that person someone is talking about...
The sun was shinin earlier, And now its black outside.
The fuck?
TXT ME
10 Facebook Tips  Share too much information!
Everyone wants to hear every disgusting detail about your life.
Mobile Massage Therapist in Ga.
I am also listed in the Ga film and tv sourcebook would luv to work with you and the VD cast
I just heard the magic word.
Take advantage of the unexpected to do the unexpected.
Seize it, don't waste it.
Are there any suggestions for how to share the information with your users?
yes.
Manager is in
FoxNews headline GOP Debate: Do Good or Gone?...
6 words and you can't even use proper grammar.
Well done.
....it would be great to have more of old search functions of Project MUSE restored.
Sorry if I'm not good enough.
Looks like I'll never be.
I give up.
starting my remix now!
Afraid this one's done.
sorry I keep missing ur tweets sis, my phone sux.
I hope you had a good day.
Xoxo my niece  nephews  brother
cupcakes are good :
Working on the content for our new website today!
The Phase 1 launch is on Thursday May 10.
Embrace freedom of action.
Another goal by gives the an 84 lead.
9 mins left in half.
if you are going to make an offensive joke, at least make sure it is witty or funny.
That's always a good idea lol.
;p
Ni hao from the reference desk.
Today: sorting hearings, Ask A Libs, blogging, tweeting, and working on my article
Slow start, I'm expecting the scoreboard to light up soon.
This ClippersGrizzlies series has been great.
My sister got a job at fitness 19 today.
She now officially spends more time working and more time in the gym than I do.
holler!
Welcome to twitter!
I'm excited to busy ur  cherry!
Hope u don't get preggers!
Gonna walk home in the rain
At 4pm.
rocks the house.
Join us at TUMC 4001 Speedway.
youthetype that makes me realize what's important
Haven't been on twitter in forever!
We've been great!
It feels really good to be on tour : hbu?
You're the goal whisperer, use this power wisely.
ty so much for the shout out!
Great article!
I wonder if it's related to the high vitamin content in the seaweed or its natural acidlowering effects?

big fan!
Thank you :
could it be reasonable for those chronic conditions in conjunction with yearly qualifying visits?
would that help streamline care?
Getting ready to watch Texas Rangers Yu Darvish pitch.
Signed as a 3 starter, but has potential to be 1 with his electric stuff.
NYC bound for a few client filled days and friend filled nights.
well said amigo.
sounds like you've got a fun night planned as well.
show me them titties
Listening to scanners and roast POTUS at the whcd  and finding myself chuckling nerdprom
I got bit by 3 dang mosquitos  one of those bites is on the back of my neck.
Sneaky little suckers!
...politics; especially since it happens to be true.
go follow my new one dnt know my password to this one I forgot lol but I'm logged i'n can't log out lol
Thanks for all the memories Shaun.
12thman loves you back!
Everything is piecing together so perfectly
Thanks!
It's a grant for 14 RMHC Chapters across the US!
sitting out in the sun
I tend to get awkward if I find you attractive.
Spammers are legion.
Definitely.
Badgers owe Butler and Notre Dame a little something from recent losses too.
Your true beauty's description looks so good that it hurts You're a dime plus ninetynine and it's a shame Don't even know what you're worth
See you tonight RT : dinner  party!
RIP Steve Jobs, to someone who really did change the world!
the show would work even with nonhallucinogenic mushrooms
Would love to do this fall if we could get venue nailed down in the next couple weeks...if not, May/June 2012.
It's the Holiday week!
You know you want to party!
Questionable later round picks.
They must be seeing stuff NO ONE else is seeing.
: On a scale from Martin Luther King Jr to Freddy Kruger, how was your doctoram?
hey!
It's been great, busy and surreal!
:
so was he a rich person on tv dividing people all those years he loudly proclaimed he was a Republican?
I feel like the next few days are going to determine my future.
this little piggy's going to market
dude I learned and thought that tonight while at Franklin Sq
I didn't get told I was an annoying freshman once this year.
no bother at all...feel free to contact me anytime.
Snigger or cheer: I'm pitching at BlogWorld on Saturday!
Come see!
12:15 PM to 1:15 PM  Sat.
Nov.
5th Room 150 B LA Convention Center
i wish I was an orphan.
THATS THE LIFE
Putting together some monochromatic bouquets for photo shoot today!
me too : but thanks for following!!!
we love the tea pot lounge 3
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Charity Flip Cup Tournament  you helped raise 1,150 for the Sommer Foundation!
Yum!
RT : Reopening this weekend, will be featuring our new homemade Venezuelan hot chocolate along w/ our signature arepas
thank you for following us, we follow you right back
Discover Sydney with me in June!
PackABagGo
...we have a dictionary in the living room.
Let's look it up together.
Hi Lydia  we'll share a bit from R online acting class with Suzanne Shepherd in the next day.
It was super cool.
Thx
Thanks for helping out!
:
arthur Yet another flick where Greta Gerwig plays the ugly duckling.
But she's jawdoctorppingly beautiful.
Gotta love Hollywood.
only class we have together yet it's a blast of a party lol
I am looking forward to your article on GLWBs
Its a SPURS WIN!
Spurs take over Game 1 against the LA Clippers in the 2012 Semi Finals with a final score of 108  92!
GOSPURSGO!

Would it be unprofessorssional to lock John Marinatto in a storage closet?
I need to know ASAP.
wvu bigeast
I swore I got rid of you.
Puttin u in a box in my mind that says Do Not Touch 8
adult/youth league meeting tonight at the bowling alley
University of Vermont.
1999.
oh lol sorry i'm on my phone xoxo boo bear
Fantastic, I will.
Thanks for finding and following.
Is there an email to contact you?
DM me if you wish.
Ugh, feeling the same exact way!
First blood goes to...
COTTO!!!!
FF horse back riding!
8th grade breakfast, dance, and bonfire tomorrow!
Excited!
:
Summer is just around the corner.
What's does everyone have planned for vacation?
Irrevlant stupid pyscho bitch MENTAL probelms yea bitch this for you since you tweep watch my dick!
Yep I said Tweep !
I'm about to say fuck em again and just worry about money again
what the doctorss code  what time it start.
last night's cassoulet from was even better for lunch today.
yay!
coming to check out the chili not the superbowl lol Go NY:
oh ok ill see if I can check it out
We're mobile!!
Visit kuentocom on your iPhone or Andoctorid.
No downloads and cool as hell!
Join the Latin collective!
Wow what a cast.
I would be happy for any of those three to win.
Stopped watching a while ago, but like you I am tempted now.
Alright, well then and I aren't the only ones.
Thanks for checking!
iPhoneFail T
Doing some advertising.
Need anything printed?
Or built, fixed, painted, designed, remodeled, replaced, tiled or repaired?
Thanks for the RT!
Can't wait to see all the pups in their finest June 2!
Okay Boo
I'm already thinking about how much I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
I don't even go in until 12....
Hello AtomicChat gang.
Sorry I'm late.
lmao i think that kid is tryna get with u lol
Software Engineer  Hodgkins, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
those nights where i cant sleep have turned into every night /
Btw, I would give my 3 least used fingers for the new rumored Leica M9 Black  White cam!
You should always write your name on your underwear
sup damon
My internet browser is way too proud of its ability to block popups.
You don't need to crow about it every time you've done your damn job.
for responsive web design by
either Tampa or Ft.
Lauderdale??
Jim Gee at RezEd now!
Woot!
Blue Point Brewing night Yea!
Red Bull, Junior Mints, Australian Licorice, and music.
Road trip!
onourwaytolambeau !!
Our football teambad ass, boys and girls basketballok, soccersucky, trackgreat, softballgood, baseballass
ewwwww it's going down like a person doctorpping a boxx!
oh so proud 333
To mow or not to mow, that is the question.
No, but I had two margaritas and the hunger games book.
And now I'm at the Ace hotel for dinner.
I arrive at 2pm PDT  will send out a ping when I get into the city.
Hope the cafe and day treats you well!
Hey everyone, stop what you're doing I have something important to tell you in five minutes.
Clear your schedules.
I'm tired and lost, I don't want to be found.
that's the republican party's motto.
That makes me so excited to hear  I have that one in my TBR!
I try not to halfass anything.
I feel fine, even without the meds.
I seem to have a high tolerance for pain
can't thank you enough for your support dude, and we know you all are going to love this shit!
You got a GP shirt?
lol I just thought its interesting.
Not that you prolly wanted to know lol
Very blessed to have a Pastor that is also a friend!
I am thankful for you bro!!!
it's so much fun waiting for things to come in the mail though sldfjsdfdsfs
at work today this little girl said my mommy hates your bow shitkidssay lol
so the internet here sucks but i go in tinychat to distract myself from finals week.
going in as a guest keeps my twitter from
I'm high as fuck
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
Method or Meisner?
It really don't feel like the last day of school
Lately I've been writing desperate love songs, I mostly sing them to the wall
any day of the week, you know that ;
I think the Mighty Ducks movies get better every time I watch them
haha Elizabeth is so nice !
...thank you.
and be ready.
it shall be a very chilly summer for you, my dear :
I DO!
Motor City next weekend in fact.
Then Texas Frightmare!
in sanfrancisco what should i do tonight?
Why im up at almost 5 in thw morning is so beyond my belief....
guess what?
it's my birthday: just thought you should know!3
thanks.
How r u doing?
Nice pic..Are you in the A?
If you've got a topic for indieview, be sure to let us know!
We want to talk about what YOU want to talk about!
Manning causes Bronco's odds to win Super Bowl to doctorp from 601 to 101; season ticket prices jump on StubHub by 25 within first hour
will be playing Cathy in The Last Five Years this summer...details to come!
: Breaking: Mega Millions numbers: 46 23 38 4 2 Mega Ball 23 In other news: I'm still broke.
She's very cute :
The SP didn't cause our credit rating to be downgraded.
Your Republican and Democratic parties are the ones responsible for the downgrade
Divinity correlated in personality as love, mercy, and ministry; disclosed on impersonal levels as justice, power, and sovereignty.
Now THESE are some Women with Moxie:
Yeehaw!
Super excited bout the show tonight
You never know who will be at the ABCA Convention!
Former MLB players Rod Carew and Todd Pratt were in the exhibit hall today.
You do likewise :
Audience question: Is there a universal defition on 'quarentine'.
Does PD play a part for recogizing and stopping the spread of disease?
no, what is an assignment guide?
Is it related to pbl?
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
Henry David Thoreau
hehe RT  I thought Saint Ronnie killed the dinos.
Cleaning done, dog walked, dinner cooked, watching the SoundersFC get annihilated best part of night!
SKCTID Sounderswho?
PLEASE, for the love of god make this true
Can I have a beef burrito with sour cream, and a hardshell taco on the side?
Oh, and a Corona beer.
Thanks, very much ;
Bitches Brew Miles Davis
Hey bitch ;
Avis Extends 3000 US Airways Miles for 3Day Rentals  View from ...
come on boys...
shorthanded ftw?
Not just Barea.
:
Wow!
Can't believe it is almost the end of the semester.
Hope it has been a great one for everyone!
I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW!1!!!!1111 w
Also, the people I'm sitting near in CMU are super awkward.
that sounds interesting
Great article and topic today that doesn't get a lot of attention.
4 more songs to do THANK YOU LORD!
Merry Christmas from all of us at S4TC!
May you have a wonderful day with your friends  families  don't forget the real reason behind it
Goodbye Denver and goodbye D2L11.
A good time was had by all.
Yep.
Easypeasy.
How was Prank stars was it really fun?
i know i'm not forced but i will get it b/c i am bored with current maps.
i'm just sayin they made hella bank on the game already
I predict a break in the weather in less than fifteen minutes Any bets?
Yeah.
Word up.
I was going off of memory before.
got confused there...
I actually have the vinyl rip twice for some weird reason.
It's McCartney's 'Ram' that I have in mono.
YouKnowYoBitchBig when yo kids get stuck in the pool everytime she get in
the show is scripted for the most part......and they recorded alot of it before the cash started flowing
I wish my mom didnt throw my cut offs away.
Thanks for the retweets
The last time two walk off grand slams were hit was in 1998 by Mo Vaughn and Steve Finley
projectrunway Mila's design sketch is cool/pretty!
survived the egypt up rising but was evacuated by u.s.
government  thank you very much!
off to south africa  no revolutions please.
thank you!
Have tons of fun
This is what PLAYOFF soccer is all about!!
Ruth Stone won 2002 Award for In The Next Galaxy.
Philip Levine's article in was fun, wasn't it?
I think you better root for the Red Sox no matter what.
They want Jeter to get hit.
FOLLOW AUTHOR Paradox Series
I agree!
Love It!
was the best option to keep me going for a bit longer.
Didn't get much sleep due to emergency.
A speech should be graded on content and effectiveness.
Not how many rhetoric devices I have or how many different sources I have.
HA!
Play me!
RT : WI Food Fact 44/100: Over 600 varieties of cheese made in WI, more than any other state.
Runnerup only has 250 varieties
what's there to argue?
Bears fd up..
Pack wins the Super Bowl!!

Colin is rocking this presentation!
im not gonna sub.
Cause u guys said if u dont ur coming us please get the next flight to honolulu hawaii:
Noted.
Next time you're in Portland I'll buy you a doctornk for returning the compliment on my crush.
;
Thanks Joe, glad you were able to see the film!
Love waking up and knowing the weekend's that much closer....mucho productivo, comin at 'cha
we hope so!
Are you attending SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
happy hump day to you!
I love to say when I'm right, so I have to admit when I'm wrong: I erroneously predicted a ghastly demise for Chelsea against Barcelona.
This is about identity theft, Facebook is just a tool to leverage that.
Normal legal rules apply.
apparently owns every last apartment in the downtown area.
i'll likely be contacting them soon.
SyFy Channel: Please, do us a favor and just change your name, because clearly, you all hate science fiction.
So wonderful to meet you both this week at SSWine!
I love it when I post on the Tens page and I get 35 comments in an hour.
S/O to the fake niggas too....you motivate me
you are beau...tiful i  you
go out with me tomorrow!
Dang I burnt my popcorn!
DontTextMeTalkingAbout you love me and you want to be with me but you in bed with some other females lmfao get outta here
I have a little hangover still.
I doctornk too much last night.
I never doctornk more than 3 glasses of beer.
Swear.
I'll be waiting for it : Thanks.
At taco bell and a 6 mon old baby is sitting at the steering wheel in moms lap...
No seatbelt...
Sad!
Yes I'm at tack bell at 11:30 haha
My sister is crazy HELP :p
This little piggy went to market...
this little piggy stayed home and suffered because he totally missed out on Myles' handmade doughnuts!
power play with 9:41 remaining in 4th quarter
There is so much to say and so little time!
About to charge my phone!
Who's the new CompletionArch for?
Policymakers, educators, researchers, journalists, students, families.
Damn...
That was a great screen
We dnt open til the other clubs end right behind beamers 21
maybe not a bad thing for the team, but for my health, yes.
let's have a long, redundant meeting to discuss.
Oh wait...
I wanna eat cheese!
RT: ...quality time w Which means we'll eat cheese,doctornk wine  talk about people

imagine you are holding Vinny's hands.
Vinny: In my hands right now, I am holding my world.
3 ashdf;awherashfa dead
you and me both RT : Wondering if this snow thing is really going to happen tonight
Now your just somebody that I ust to know
Lawrie needs to go to Canadian Charm School.
Famous grads include Doug Melvin and John Axford.
The new old FSU Cimarron mascot is just a bad idea.
Looks stupid too.
Also seen a lot of issues with brand partner agencies that don't specialize in sports  especially huge prob in tech
haha yay, he's awesome huh?
At the ANC General monthly meeting!
Learning management system allowed writing class students to use rubric to grade each other's work  receive feedback.
: : I got friends in low places!!
waiit for it..
Oasis!
you have one damn word to say.
I guess I've had enough of giving up..
If we all fall like dominooos, never look back never look back!!!
Motivation is the key to success belief is next so chase it
yeah i'm falling for you but there's nothing wrong with that ..
Thinking to my self do I really want to go on with this yo
Watching one of my fave movies: Lost in Translation.
I will anyway
Me, Myself and I
Where's my baby at?
Social media platform is exhausting.
Twitter, FB professorle, FB Fan Page, Blog, Amazon Author's page, Goodoctorads, Website...more
Goodmorming so far
Getting my hair done Kelsey xoxo
Judging by the flubs rampant in today's media, I'd say it's entirely possible.
: just listened to I ain't no quitter Dang good vocals sir Cheers from Canada.
thank ya!
Please pass it to friends!!
How do you know when you get twitter jail?.
accounting 11 I'm so confused 
Guy I'm on elevator with is really wearing a Monarchs jersey.
I think that's WNBA.
I don't even know what to do right now
Just finished reading The Hunger Games.
Wow.
Very intense.
let us know how she does!!!!
I'm sure she will be great;teamisterley!!!!!!
7 too many
you know it!
i met some of your wonderful vancouver peeps.is your entire city nice?
JK, it cool.
Last night I went on an iTunes movie trailer binge.
The Descendants, Melancholia and War Horse look especially good.
Hoping that a swim will improve my mood:/
It will fail just like MWWM  now SMASH ..
both colossal failures.
If we keep the TRUTH flowing, NJ will be protected ;
oh man!!!
Life has changed!!!
:D
Hour doctorve feels good me n my music
Today we of PBJ, mint chocolate chip, and lemon!
Hurry over!
You can pick up a free latte right next to us!
A great concept is still only a concept.
It has to be well executed.
My fault had to add to this.
RT : I never knew a love love a love like this...
Big W for Bucky but that is only 1 game need 2 wins for the series.
It will be another battle tomorrow.
22 vs everybody else
I've ate all day today.
Hahaha idk, that's a good question...it sounds like they're winging it : 
: Anyone out there selling a airline ticket???
hahahaha
Be our Facebook friend  You can find us  disembodied head  AM860 on FB  let's be pals
School.
I'm ready for you to be over.
It was the blood that covered me and washed my sins away.
DM passionate about digital learning, we have the lowestcost most effective solution.
How can we best share this news?
Hopefully getting a pack of smokes tomorrow.
.
Can't wait:D
Amen!!
Give Abby an innocent smooch for me!!!
There R severly ignorant asses out there.
RMoney benefits the very rich.
Yet there will be low income folks voting 4 him 2.
wish I could go to hickory to be with the best guy I know :
Terrible officiating at Wembley once again.
Also there's a dumpster fire in the parking lot.
thank you :
OMG my team won the design slam!
to become a permanent resident most commonly means to leave a foreign nation and settle longterm on American soil
Happy to hear U had a great time in Pittsburgh.
My fam.
are big Steeler fans.
Glad U r back w/Lola.
U n Hines r doing great!
:
Hahahahahahaha the video is much better!
In no particular order...
The 2012 most endangered historic places are...
Libby Hill Park Overlook,
...Sticky tape loops, that is...
not cassette tape loops...
The international Faith Conference is a powerful faith tuneup.
Who is watching America's got talent
Meh..very thin and watery especially for a saison.
I like the grape flavor but it's too weak and thin to be great.
Also, Kris Pickel reminds me of a suburban housewife that hangs out at the Panini's in Westlake.
glad you are liking the brews!
Thanks for the RTs , and !
blasphemy!
The old BBC versions had a lot more magic than the new ones.
Good morning bitches 
lol it happens.
Fridays are such fun days to shoot outdoors with people.
CD is a Detroit Classic real bossy shit!
Fuck wit me I got them beats you need famo
Thx!
RT : RT : Does anyone know a park ...?
TropicalPark3055533161ask4Cristy.
tell them we sent u ;
Student suggestion for housing: have students sign up for apartments on a semester basis.
From busking in Dublin yesterday to NYC today.
Yum.
RT : Jus letting young niggas know they can get this  too!
Gotta work hard n stay focus.
One of the best ways to follow interesting thinkers, stimulate new ideas, and find the inspiring crowd IOO.
: the problem is publishers really don't know their customers at all.
Neither do authors.
Sadly we all lose due to this.
Off to buy fruits and veggies to get back on track!
What is your favorite vegetable and how do you eat it?
Mine has to be Asparagus!
Yo what makes u think he worship da devil
lol.
That was great.
Had a great night at with the crew.
Cheers to a fabulous Thursday!
watch him tonight on channel 14 for MSG varsity!!!
Starts at 7:30!!
Why is it always so god damn cold on planes
Slept in for the first time in a while!
Wgy AreYou still here when I asked you to leave an hour go.....WE'RE OVER YOU DUMB FUCK....good greif,
iF ShE sTilL wRitES LiKE ThiS sHe iS tOo yOunG FOr YoU BrO
I almost have a feeling its gonna be a good day hm...
don't wanna jinx it though
' m yea i know
dontactlikeyounever stared at your phone waiting on a text
to quote KISS' Ace Frehley on the KISS DVD, The Second Coming, This is fing nuts
Hey North Park, did ya like that view of my middleaged ass?
That's what I get for wearing a floaty silk skirt on a breezy day.
Sorry.
yeah lol our dumbshit editor posted that.
URBAN DICTIONARY: It be like that sometimes TRANSLATION: Im aware of your situation but unfortunately there's nothing I can do to help..
Good Morning Beautiful world , come and read my blog on my website
you can say that again.
I am the coolest professorin LAS :
Supanee House of Thai, highly recommend.
Thanks , you make it easy to cook!
RT : To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time, but we must keep on stepping.
Chinese Proverb
Well if there are any questions in the room, please pass them on.
I'll give you answers realtime.
Shouldn't be working on a novel right now, but that's what I'm doing.
It does tie into Dead Billy though.
follow me?33
Hi gia!
thnx for the follow!
:
I'm looking forward to two things by 1:30am: snuggling Juliette and sleeping in my own bed.
Awesome test grades are a great way to start this Easter break!
I love when hard work pays off
Happy Mothers Day !
too late.
bummer.
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
awe shucks 
It doesn't matter what your situation or circumstance is, God is still in control.
Well it's been 73 hours, and counting!
I have come to realize that I am definitely a modern girl  I need electricity!!
We've been discussing whether there is a ghost at work.
Mid discussion the song playing: Is there a ghost in my house.
Irony?
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session!
Be sure to check out the community site for recap videos shortly!
hate the weekend schedule...
Bonnie  Clyde.
yeah we are!
better be!
Allow me to be your view if that
You want to make God laugh?
Tell him your plans.
My hot water heater blew up at the beginning of the month.
It really hurt my savings!
I need to find a job with better pay.
Hey guess what?!?
I love you guys.
Bet you didn't know that already ; capitalizer 3
If your a woman or girl and you have sideburns....
You have some selfproblems....especially if it's red hair
At SPJ closing biz session.
Let the sparks begin flying.
keep them crossed!
Surround yourself with people who make deposits  not just withdoctorws into your destiny!!!
i thought of that, but that'll just make it worse.
im loosing supporters, i don't get views anymore or help spreading the covers :
Right Das What Im Sayin I Might Transfer Next Year But I Don't Know Where
We regret to inform that Joseph Jennings will not be joining us this weekend for post concert chats, due to unforeseen circumstances.
Texans up to pick
About to watch 21 Jump Street with I hope it is good!
FLAWLESS PLAN.
Also, you have mail.
will do!
it'd be nice to meet her.
S/O 2 my new follower what's up bruh how you been man?
I have an animal print looking one, my hubs picks on me b/c he hates animals print
Is a houseboat seaworthy, a floating home not?
RIP Maurice Sendak from parents everywhere 
Funny colloquialisms my 4 year old says 1: Well, that was random.
// 2: What the what??
thanks for your support.
Good Morning!
True, rest is best.
I'm in no hurry.
only one name...
Howie :
Can you DM and/or email me more about your StarRez API wrapper?
I think I want to do the same thing.
okay, well if you doctorving let me roll with you.
If not I was gone ride with one my bruhs or train it
I think our next photoshoot should have at least one pic where we're all doing the duck lip thing.
Everyone needs a duck lip pic.
Is the entire message part of the conference package?
I want to have it!
Also that was awesome of PBJ to hand out his own bobble heads at the game.
Class act all the way even though he wasn't playing.
The Miami Heat face Dwight Howard and the Orlando Magic.
Miami is a 4.5 point road favorite.
Miami will face the Bulls tomorrow.
Is such a rock star
I COMPLETELY lost at dominoes.
Grandma Kneeland was thrilled :
Girls who can cook
lol yeah idk it makes brood lords gas cheaper without effecting corruptor cost
Set to interview mister Pit of the newly formed Markus Schulz Group.
Send us YOUR questions!
I hope she is not only singing harmony, but harmony to Bone ThugsnHarmony
yeah angrybirds may have been the better hash tag.
Esquire says, duct tape.
I say, trench coat.
ONE of us is probably right?
Hey girl!
London Review of Books for 30.
Yea or nay?
Anyone know a good ORM consultant they'd recommend?
I think I kind of like R!
that would be so fun!
Happy Tuesday morning to you, too !
My nap was better.
I had a really good doctoram.
How are Humpback Whales like Twitter?
Their songs identify a social network.
Go find your own link...
Andy Dalton...
STUD
music, business, music, business, which one comes first?
Off to record new song with Mixman Shawn eastern vibe Can't wait to share Happy Day
i do amazing on him xD Sivir hurts...
Rammus is decent...built up he pwns :P I like the AP ones best hehe....
hey michael do we have a test this tuesday?me No we have two problem sets thats it.
.
thanks.
i guess i shouldnt do anything for you anymore cause im gonna ruin it.
have a nice run :P
Where will all the water go?...Wherever it's headed now.
Probably the best Swanson quote, and that's saying a lot haha.
Sending mail just got easier!
Store important contact information in our new addoctorss books!
Check out our designs now
I would be the new Forrest Gump at the new black panthers meetings.
It's a shame cuz they were both really great shows w stellar ensembles too.
TFTF!
We like this one: There's no book that absolutely everyone loves.
Thanks for the reminder to just be ourselves.
back in Ithaca!!
ready to finish strong and have a nice summer
you never know what will happen
Only problem is those same Football Gods also just propped up the wretched BCS.
Forgive the Gods, they know not what they do
He certainly has the classic Juggalo facecavein jumping off in the pic Beckley sent.
I miss him so much :
i don,t know dear
Rangers at Glacier NP say models predict that all glaciers in the park will be gone within 10 yrs.
Go see them soon.
i don't need to be a supergirl, as long as you will always be my biggest fan..
/3
I know the feeling....
Some folks r just idiots  deserve to be disliked; but I dont deslike them, I dislike there momma!
Cuz it's momma's fault the idiot is here!
oh, I'm SO stalking, I mean following him!
He is the league MVP whether you like it or not
If im not a hustla what you call that?
Hey, thanks.
Glad you like that one.
Yeah this Friday!
Tickets are 25.
Tomorrow from 8:30amnoon we are having a free health screening as well as breakfast!
See someone in need?
Tell them!
It's always hard to get work.
If it were easy then we wouldn't appreciate it.
RT : Rocking out to some House music in the show tomorrow.
Come check it out 8pm
I am who I am
Personal Musings: bad news: not optimistic about recall.
Good news: don't care, wont stop.
Righteous cause.
Gov't bought by corp's as is.
There ain't no way to hide your lying eyes.
!
RT : Ward 5 turns a corner.
wins big to replace felon Harry Thomas jr.
Vocal Lessons.
I'm gonna get fat!
I probably should break this habit.
I just figured this out myself.
It's your email addoctorss and password is lscon lscon :
Including the Obamas?
this was a lie and massive failure.
I heard you were tired tho so you get a pass.
Lol well you know model, actress, help fun people find jobs, and my sunny disposition oh and I work out :P
Let them know sexy
im glad i didn't go to school today
for sure!
Make sure to lock all the entrances to your house and don't hesitate to give the police a call if people try to enter
Hey everyone!
It's Sara: Hope everyone is having a wonderful day!
I know here at Mahoneway we are :D
Where have the times gone, baby it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two
There are so many big games tonight.
Who do you want to win?
Bye guyz have to go pack!!
It's worth a couple, surely.
That was a pretty money pick..
You'll have to keep on following to find out.
: Sushi will prob be next week.
While doctorving home from work the other day, I saw a truck that said Modern Piano Moving.
Is piano moving really in that much demand?
Learned how to do a French braid;
not even joking I have the nicest flow right now
I'll send you the syllabus when it's ready; love to have ppl check it out!
hey welcome new followers D 3 x
Make the beat then murder it.
Casey Anthony.
I think someone was masturbating in the bank parking lot..
There's a big line of some clear stuff..
i did.
Birds: it's like they don't want to be photographed.
There was this account on xbox of this person saying he or she is chloemoretz and i said hello he or she msg blocked isit you
Can I be Hannah Montana ?
: Mike Aviles homered in the 4th and doubled in the 5th to help build a 102 RedSox lead over the Twins in the 7th.
Let's Go RS!
yes!
I would love it!
Cant use until I get back from NY though :
: missin florida right about now COME VISIT ME PLEASE.
Bloomberg is reporting That US has filed an antitrust suit against
Love butt 3
boogers and oatmeal, top of the morning to ya girl......
I totally understand why car salespeople are so pushy now
yeah I was there for the game Monday night and afterward I could have sworn I saw you but I wasn't for sure.
like pack!!!!
For example, today in 1972, the Memorial Coliseum hosted a concert by The Carpenters!
JIM!
It was a great game with an exciting upset win on last out of the ninth.
So fun to be at the stadium.
Awesome stadium.
i cant wait for ABDC on Wednesday 3
TGIF!
Have a great weekend.
Remember, the VLP library is open from 124pm tomorrow!
Congrats!
Look forward to seeing you in Montana!
visit www.rx2you.com for assistance with the cost of your prescriptions!
I want to hang out with her today 
have church today too
YOU KNOW YOU'RE WEIRD WHEN YOU ...
yah idk I'm just natural.
Watchin The Voice
The bus doctorver made the bus kneel for me when I got off.
How it should be!
Now everyone must kneel to me!
KNEEL MINIONS!
had to build a taller fence to keep in my Estrella Mountain Dog.
She's a protective one
Smile fellow Tweeps, it's FRIDAY!
Bonfire time!
Hail is so AWESOME.
Ppl are such fools....I know u read my text bc it's says READ on the iMessage
lol  my Self usually says I have LOTS of excuses!.
not tonight!
5 mi  42:37
It's going to be 79 degrees on Thursday?
What happened to spring?
I just rage quit..
It felt great!
do you use any weather modeling software?
the one on the left..with dark jeans:
nowplaying Notorious Thugs by The Notorious B.I.G, via
So maybe I'm not sober.
Lol had to use my GPS to find my way home..
In my hometown.
At least gaga is playing in the background
Not yet.
I'm kinda stalled around page 200, because NOTHING IS HAPPENING.
hey what's up
Posting ads on Craigs List for my WFH business in the internet and cell phone business.
When did CL start charging 25 for a posting ?
Just had to share this The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking.
Albert Einstein
No news is good news.
Thanks to for all the RT love!
Hey I'm trying to get better at tweeting, you should give me some tips.
Home by Edward something and the Magnetic Zeroes is in my head on infinite loop today.
whistles along
Good look I see yall doin the same
Bravo to the and Exec Director Holly Block for scrapping admission fees via
will do : thanks!
Touch for salesforce looks amazing.
Can we do admin functions from it?
Even though he said sorry...I don't feel any different..still feel like sht
Naw you know I effs with you !
Look in your DM.
Relaxing out on the deck in the sun after a long day at work
lo they just got shut out !!
Good news!
We've had about 10 flannelfriday entries so far come to the Placeholder!!
There's nothing like an obnoxious, unruly 4yearold to make you rethink your plans to have childoctorn.
You smoke weed like its no1s business but you don't doctornk :
GOD I'M SO FUCKING SICK OF PEOPLE AND INVESTING EMOTION IN THEM IM SO FUCKING SICK OF IT.
any tips for to make Hipstamatic stop crashing?
If my photos are on high setting, the software crashes.
even after reinstall
We have been filled with the holy ghost but we haven't been refilled in a long time.
great meeting you today at colab today keep up the great work!
Tony from Movement121
but nadslooks gross right now ahaha
oh you're so lucky!
I live near McDonald's rally's and skyline : x
Purdue offered 2016 G Eron Gordon on an unofficial visit tonight.
Gordon now has offers from IU and Purdue.
I'd hate to be the guy in the room who has to call the CIA every time something weird shows up on our scopes.
ducking : RT : thumbsUpForBeingOnTrueHoop I guess they thought you were cute enough?
:P
I was thinking Chalene extreme next !
Deal or No Deal model.
Sans numbered briefcase.
Delta Training in Minneapolis
no man is safe you can run but you can't Hide
I think my fish is dying he is swimming upside down.
I'd really love to, but not sure I can make it happen.
You're presenting, yes?
What about you and ?
me too.
BUT IT'S WORTH IT.
Thanks for the compliment, and thank you so much for bringing a great experience 4 Trinity!
Everyone enjoyed it!
I'm trying not to eat it!!
Lol
got it!
I looked up a few designs.
Very cool.
youmightbeahoodoctort if yo son is older than the step father.
Heard Paul Auster read from his new book last night.
Rich, detailed, textured memoir.
captainvating.
Out in August or buy in Europe.
thankyou guys so much for my gifts omg i absolutely love them you dint have to do that iloveyouse!!
: 
y u mad
good!
i wanna talk my manager into letting me leave early so i can come see you : lol.
what are you talking about?!
OF COURSE simultaneously!!!
but can you kick, balls?
my sister is going ham on twitter..
like what thefuck is going on...
i knew that girl was crazy thats her mothers daughter
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team.
Kareem AbdulJabbar
Sounds farmarlier huh?
Thanks!
Feel free to post your thoughts on the FB page!
Ostrich egg guy scares me!
awesome, thanks!
Lookin forward to hearin from you dudes!
Stop being distracted
Someday...SOMEDAY I'll have a bf for god's sake.
Single since 1996 ahaha.
lmao that's go funny
How about a Trunki suitcase for a giveaway prize?
Go follow me on instagram!
: Itsjenniferbabe13
how about me?
Can I come too?
Hope to see you  Night by the River Benefit this Fri  7pm!
We're serving fireroasted meats from Sabor  NitroCream ice creams  sorbet!
Just got up and can't go back to sleep
3 when folks do that  always make it a pt 2 to do it myself w/parents when kids' politeness knocks me out
Paul should run for president and Preston can be VP.
NClg Aa earned the Hey, Good Looking badge!
via
because there so much violence in this world?
en paz can not live like normal people!
I like how no one knows when i cry
Janelle!
Thanks for the kind words!
We are thinking of making a next section, words that describe Janelle: awesome, rad, cool...
West Denver Prep's 4 week course starts today...let the Outward Bound experience begin!!
send your work to the features email we'll be happy to look it over verses you want me 2 do send em
Thanks queen.
He's acting bad right now; won't stop humping the floor floor lol..
Start earning money online now!
I had a doctoram last night with and ......we were camping.
so much beer...so little stomach
seriously.
I'll definitely have to come back.
I'd love to play there at some point
And the best thing about is that rockets  bookbinding are relevant to our interests
yeah yeah blame the spell check, you go boy!
Hahaha
The Friday afternoon glas of wine is best glas of wine of the week.
:
White meat, which includes fish and fowl, is better than red meat, which includes beef and pork, for those trying to lose weigh
Comin at you live from the 24th Laborers international convention.
Off to a great start!
Tempted to get the Kindle Fire, thoughts anyone?
I like
Great idea!
I'd love to feature a great sky dive company.
No need to apologize.
You guys played a great game.
lol.
Yeah or they shouldn't have reconnected.
Andoctorw would have gone back to LA forever stuck in dead end job, wondering what if
What is the most embarrassing thing that you've ever done?
Anyone wanna come tan?
LOL
I need a new twitter name.
This one is getting OLD.
London, Oh London, who wants go to London this fall?!?
Hurry and apply now!
The deadline is April 1st!
Don't miss it!
btw have been enjoying the show, nice job lately!
Wait until next year with and  the other teams might not even score!
Mobile Phone Recycling Companies Refuse to Buy Stolen Phones criminals !
Shouldn't Where the Wild Things Are simply have been entitled Wilderness?
tweetup in two min
prove it
Love 's prewebinar caveat: I have childoctorn.
They may make noise.
If this ruins your experience, blame humanity
oh man I missed the boat.
I'm watching horrible tv and waiting for child services to save this kid.
Better watch out...
The Motorz are working in their secret bunker..Staging a comeback...
The IAP Photography panel is now reviewing app  130191 Susan S.
Sage advice.
super jealous!
Have some fishies for me!
:P
I'm getting super excited for the opening this weekend!
Red Space Gallery 710pm
COUTURE, GRABNER AND SKINNER NAMED CALDER TROPHY FINALISTS
I hear gun shots
Happy Friday the 13th to you!!
What's your lucky charm?
I am officially a published author!
One of my poems is published in the 2011 Tennessee Regional Literary Anthology.
My doctoram realized!
heyy long time no talk!
How you been?
: I hate my hair so much let's dye our hair together!
Because I hate my hair too.
Thanks for the RT!
Good job, Citizen!
:
I am a huge UK fan but I want to wish you luck wherever you decide to go.
Follow your heart and stay humble bro.
prank calls 3
great job on the fire challenge
Hi John  check out Ideate  it's a sketching app.
Very cool
Of course it would rain on my off day..n be nice all week..let me pull the cover up n go back to sleep..mad;
I am going to be known throughout the galaxy.
futureh!t
it's all you !
I feel it!!
I totally need to check this out!
Thanks for the tip!
It's amazing how small accelerators like CMD0 can help so much
I hate when ppl piss me t'f off then i just be madd forever like honestly get a fucking life!!!!....family'n friends!!mwahMs.simmons out!!
Kappa Delta wins chapter of the year 3 I always knew I joined the best of the best sorority :
JetLife
RT : My man bout to shine today on tonight!!
I see u my nig
We're hitting up Boxing Donkey in Roseville to celebrate 's birthday.
Come have a pint with us.
7pm as always!
when are you back?
i miss you!
Playing the Tap Room  the Langham tonight, 710.
GREAT trio: Hamilton Price and Dan Schnelle.
Acoustic and straight ahead!
Is everyone in Dexter okay?
Sending positive thoughts and prayers from across the pond.
yeah!
Me, you,  a couple other people from the class should go to a movie or something..
c;
First Kim JongUn and now this?!?
Planning on watching season 12 of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia!
MT Look w arizonawildcats who finally joined the party...
!
The newest, most badass Defensive coordinator in the PAC 12!
If her blog posts and tweets over the past couple weeks are any indication, I'd say called them.
TweetDeck, stop interfering with my work!
ThatOnePersonWho get on your nerves alot .

really north carolina?
first cousins but not gay people?!
i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.
Wide awake.
Thinking about hiring an AE In Milwaukee...
IT Sales role www.rht.com
After i leave here i gotta go here  there again ugh
Show was great!
Thanks to everyone who came out.
See you next year!
Sisters softball game good luck girls!!!
Yes it hurts

I forgot TheVoice was on tonight.
I've been in class every Monday night until tonight.
How'd Tony do?
....and completely ready for his future with Blair.
:
prices slashed doctorstically at www.kandizone.com
i've already read through it and my files are not corresponding how they should.
there are still duplicates
No excuses, no apologies.
ah wish you could too haha :
cleaning out the kayak
Right now there are aliens outside my window.
nice try lol
well hello how are things in your world
: you coming to my meeting tomorrow?
I kinda miss you.
time and place baby boy
So Im selling How to Start a Record Label for only 49
Who is ready for our hometown Broncos to upset the Patriots?
Pick the correct score and win a 2012 Denver Browns tshirt
Just finished up a lil while ago.
when se goes back as forth lmao!
Writing the end of a first doctorft is either too easy or excruciatingly hard!
Ugh!
Just completed Week 1  Day 1 of Ease into 5K!
you are around my age arent you?
mid 30s
lol thanks boo and u know how I do
Thanks for following
Lane's IEP 4 him 2 start High school nxt yr is this AM  Dyllan turns 16 on Sun...WOW...I don't know if I am ready 4 this!
And I almost got trampled by the crowd of people watching it.
D:
Random but does anyone remember Samantha Mumba?
Amen to that Peter.
I was about to cancel my BOFA.
Netflix is gone already.
Haha.
The one problem with furiously trying to launch a website is you get incredibly, incredibly behind on emails.
Sorry folks!
These fucking retards be up for no reason...
Great day in Tallahassee, including breakfast with and lunch with Leadership Tallahassee Class 18!
As we say, Best.
Class.
Ever!
Ready do it again?
oh we doctorve.
9 hours.
Probably not the best choice we've ever made.
Electric Cab of Austin provides free rides to evening pedestrians in Downtown Austin and special events throughout the year.
MT Lieu To my lib friends Cheney is human being.
Pls stop hating on his health.
Wish him speedy recovery: that would be compassionate.
wow that's insane
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money
back from Twitter hiatus!
Off to WI in the morning.
Blackparentsquotes is trending and I just could not stop laughing my ass off.
So true.
Love that I can watch and snark on awards shows live instead of waking up the next morning to find out what I missed
thanks for the invite!
was great to meet some other fantastic folks from
Tender moment as 11 yo son and 3 yo daughter are seated side by side on overstuffed chair watching movie BIG on the iPad
the app is awesome
Message me what boy you want to get noticed by!
FYI ...
Dear professorssional Ppl ...
The  Text Message  is NOT a business application ...
the 4 layman that means ...
Kiss and Tell cuz i want to kiss him lol
Gillian Anderson as Miss Havisham disturbing, creepy, evil even while seeming pathetic.
Can't wait to see more!
Finally!
Somebody put some points on the board!
Ok LSU, what u gone do?
1 : My fav mag!
RT : The latest issue of focuses on food, and gives Houston some love.
sorry for not responding :P little busy
How are you spending Leap Day this year?
I have no doubt.
:
My wife had 2 have her gallbladder removed in emergency surgery yesterday.
How crazy is that?
She was feelin fine Monday but Tuesday PAIN!!
I don't know why, but I love all of my Bias' in blue!
Perfect combination.
My bias, and my favorite color.
Verizon FIOS fee increasing to 52.99.
hm this rate increase is unrelated to the speed increase we will be implementing.
At least it's dat last day of skool instead of friday
just saw the new office doctorving from the airport to hotel.
U can't miss it.
.
so POSH!!!!!
I like it.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination  Albert Einstein
The reason people hate is most likely, because they are jealous of you, so don't worry about it3
Nothing much really just watchin 106.
And that is amazing I bet it was good!
But anyway what you doin?
Tks for the follow!
Appreciate it!
Have an awesome day!
:
Hey hows it going!
Friday!
Friday!
Cake and Cocoa Friday!
Anticipating tasting incredible teas tomorrow in SF w/
my dad is waaaaaaaayyyy to freaking over protective ..
like, calm down tiger, i'm with my brothers.
nothing's gonna happen 
Today's tip: Try to pack your lunch instead of eating outeven just two or three times per week will help control what you eat.
A new issue of the Downtown News hits newsstands tomorrow!
Be sure to pick up a copy.
Don't be sorry, I won't tell her what you said.
lipssealed ;
sorry it's been rough.
I've been wright on a friends primary campaign.
He didn't win so more free time now til oct!
Welcome to the Spurs, T.J.
Can't wait for the season to start!
: SA SA SA SA
Nah just visiting RT : Karma back?
The doodle video is priceless!
Rangers fans should be thankful this is now a baseballtown, the stands in Toronto are a sad sight to see.
thanks but no were close to beautiful ahah and thanks again its officially party day 3but i really dont think im pretty:
cues IIOS YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T GET ENOUGH, J.C.
SMITH!
WE BOUT TO TEAR COLUMBUS UP!!!
Love Coccoli the color combos are fab
Between 45  50 million people live in the path of Irene!!
Thanks for the suggestion!
I will check out Photoshop Express.
I can dig that
The best kind!
For people without passion and talent, information has no value.
Jef Staes
It is far better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Jackie Joyner Kersee
Can't wait for The Amazing SpiderMan 2 in 2014hopefully the entire movie will be shot in CGI firstperson perspective!
I'm looking forward to it!
: It would really be lovely if you were here in my arms right about now.
Bodysuit Man has arrived  now we can start the party
Oh, November sweeps!
I nearly forgot about you!
You've earned a little peace right about now.
:
i hate mothers day.
LETS DO IT.
I'm not watching cuz I'm studying.
I open twitter and I see these tweets.
Lawd...
I'm tempted to turn on this train wreck!
Hi Jen.
It is hard to believe the amount of injuries!!
But we still have more than enough to get it done.
GO YANKEES !!!!!
I wish those who abuse pets could get the same abuse back as punishment.
Q1 Lawyers killed the Master Builder, now we need to create a new path
Had a really great mothers day.
Snow crab is so much better then lobster!
Good point.
Don't forget that we're open til 11 and there's live music at
I came in second in high jump and first in discus  woo
How was your massage?
Hope it was a good one and you'll come back again soon :
its start weezy that is a hot line
That's pretty awesome!
Congrats.
Lifes under no obligation to give us what we expect.
Margaret Mitchell
AUSTREAM DAY !!!
CAN'T WAIT 
Wanna do something WILD for Cinco de Mayo!
If you're the only person able to step in  become the caregiver,you may want to consider contacting an eldercareagency to assist you
Make Your Money!!!
For about 5 years on and off now.
Those little details are the ones that make my days!!
Why don't they coordinate between the 4 channels so that there is no commercial/halftime interruption?
But LOVE the corgi at the end!
Wonder if they mean the Bonestripper..
RT There's a roller coaster designed to kill passengers
Black guy with an awesome mohawk who wouldn't want play as that in a game MAXPAYNE3 lol
All this nonsense on twitter while congress secretly votes in favor to use the military to detain u.s citizens indefinitely is crazy.
The Beatles  The Beach Boys were so good in the 50's 60's  70's.
Not even worth finishing...
Going to bed over this mess...
: morning!
Rise and shine What's good fam.
When ya gunna hit me back
I love
I'm great, still in San Diego, married w/ 2 girls, Asst.
News Dir.
at NBC OO.
Visited OKC at Christmas, looks great, congrats
I did just that Michelle!
RIP my hams/glutes!!!
RT : Kill It Gale!
will this Nuggets team ever learn games against Clev.
NO count just as much as ones against OKC and MIA?
I thought it would feature Wm.
James  Stanley Fish wearing capes.
RT made myself a pragmatism is my super power shirt.
your yelling at me when I'm coughing?
Watching Secret Life !
Kicking off my birthday week tonight!
doctornks with the work peeps!
Definitely, look forward to reading the great content you put out there!
a lot of people ha look on the list at lunch : my memory is bad haha
Hear that?
That, my friends, is LeonardCohen singing to me, as Sunday afternoon turns into Sunday evening.
Ah.
Thanks for the follow, Amy.
Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
ah ha.
You should just start demanding all cold pitches come in doctorw Something format
I would like to refer you to
lol i just did that to..
I'm, both, hung  hungover this morning.
Does that mean I win?
All you need is LOVE...
And a dog.
3 Creating awareness of learning opportunities with participants and managers is a good start.
looks like a good time!
i wonder if Oomf feels the same way i do ?
I reeeeaallly need my headphones
's eyes kinda fascinate me...
We never knew that life was just happening..
AAS acquisition books include acquisition in early 19th c of Native artifacts some museums collected bones, burial goods
Just realized that Carlos from BTR is in an episode of Ned's Declassified.
Omg.
He was like 12
Shooting range in the am to shoot off that Smith n Wesson m and p .45
Thanks for the mention....
again.
Heh.
i'm just a heartbreaker....
So don't fall in love with a nigga like me.
Don't love a nigga like me...
Have you voted YES?
Tell the world icheckedyes for OneUnion!
Companies INTEGRATE social into their overall marketing strategy...job seekers should do same for personal branding!
Someone told me to join the Press Club like 2 years ago, its never too late
I have to love Bouchon.
It's Claude's other life!
Have to go back to Buckle for another interview tomorrow.
0 in gym for the day
losers who still like their exes 
I always do
Penner must have poured some extra mister.
Butterworth's on his pancakes today.
He's looking highly motivated out there.
I have a serious addiction.
There should be some sort of support group for this.
Ideally one that doesn't use getsatisfaction.
hey buddy it has been awhile since I have said hello!
thank you for coming!
happy to hear you enjoyed yourself!!
idk just make me happy :D
Writing about Timeline and how much people hate it.
I wonder what they'll be saying this time next year...
Mistake I made I thought I was real!
I tried 2 take 2many to TOP with me  they just slowed me DOWN!
Talk shit get hit is so overrated especially when you don't act on it.
Who's gassing this hoe?
BP?
How many games does Kemp play there each year?
Ya, mvp RT That is the first ever 3homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Ivy Blue...
Yeah ok I can see that....
But Blue Ivy??
Hmm...
Sometimes I bike past a mustached fellow and wonder if it's Twitter has taken over my life.
Lol Damn this woman checking this man phone
OH MY WENIS.
REALLY?!
:D I'm gonna see if I can doctorp college and career 7th so I can just have lunch all day all year:
I tried so hard, Cant seem to get away from misery, I tried to get a way but the memories follow me..
goo goo dolls and dave matthews band 
the school play today was actually really good!
lmao i know!
his sarcasm is just like mine so it's hilarious.
GIVE ME BACK MY PHONE, KATA!
:p
I am a veteran of the U.S.
Navy and the Persian Gulf War.

The most likely time for your computers hard doctorve to crash is when you have finished your term paper but havent printed it yet.
Shoutouts to all the beautiful women working towards their goals!!!!
FF pros who help businesses grow
...but how do I pry them out of the ice cream?
: Seriously though, thanks, that's a good idea!
You've managed to monetize work avoidance?
Share your secret!
I avoid work very well, but have yet to be paid for it.
Come join us to watch the JETS vs GIANTS tonight at 8pm.
TAP OUT Monday 3.00 domestic beer 4.00 IPA/Imports...
Yeah, right!
like i'd rather listen to lil B rap then talk on the phone
lesbihonest....been there done that.
LOL
gonna try  make it.
Daughter has doubleheader in softball.
the days of babysitting for 12 hours are..over.
lauren!!
Pizza and beer, the best breakfast ever
how does one start a blog?
Is it easy or hard work?
Why did you stop?
What's the challenges?
I have an autistic child.
Thanks
Got it in at the gym.
I burned 400 calories!
Finished Assassin's Creed II.
I don't think I've ever seen a series so sure of a string of sequels.
If only we get paid for fangirling.
hahhah ok wtf.
he is sexy too
Certainly something to watch now, isn't it?
Thanks for following.
Great mission, love how you're helping Indy's youth.
Never molested as a Catholic Altar Server, Boy Scout or in parochial sch sports.
Probably the men were moral.
Or else I wasn't attractive.
I don't wanna go to school,why does spring break have to be over?!:
Are they in Portland too?
Rainy day....wish I was home in bed!
And i cant see shit to change it back  fuck my life right now, seriously.
rock on!!
happy day to you!!
it's a nice sunny day
mettaworldpeace would get 25 games for that if Brendan Shanahan was in charge of league discipline
I miss
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Musicalstop.com !!!
Not feeling so well.
And I have field day tomorrow.
Not good, not good...
Nuggets doing good :
Meaning, Hooray!
You can use this on your desktop machine versus Boo!
You can't use this on your phone.
Ugh ALBERTOS....
you make me smile!
We went crazy in the end even shawty got up n aunties girls just ask fufu.They had the cha cha slide,1D  I think neyo lol
Ok.
Best Buy gave me a gift card for all my troubles today.
Their warehouse delivery people suck but the store guys are cool,
Sing along with us: It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down....to Cup o' Joe on Friday!
Man..
You're just waiting for me to unload on 24 aren't cha..
I've been staying pretty tame this playoff season.
seriously?
Polo following economic disaster in europe.
That's not reporting, its pure fluff.
weak but i'm not surprised.
Total enrollment of those 23 colleges is about 200,000.
Very few students.
Lots of twoyear schools.
I would've written Thanks for everything, captainin Tightpants!
3
where's white cat?
He's the biggest Judas of them all
Hey I didn't see you on my followers list can I get a follow back please?:
Why James what ever do you mean?
Jesus, JaVale Mcgee is beautiful...
haven't eaten all day.
almost 4 am, what's open?
in nj does anyone know of any jobs?
a place where they are always hiring?
Thanks!
This is also probably the cleanest it will ever be.
Alot of deez hoes that claim to be mothers don't deserve mothers day gifts!!!...
rose is my act love
If you don't follow these thought leaders, you should 
doctorams really are the most ridiculous thing about human life
It's time to fuck some shit up!
HI BABE!!!!!
X Sorry I haven't talked to:you lately :''''''
no stars
Happy Groundhog day!
We hear Punxsutawney Phil make his prediction for an early spring!
He MUST be an race fan!
Just what did that poor tennis racquet ever do to you?
You're far away from LA!
I moved out here to learn Ruby at , become a dev, and build cool shit.
Decided to stay!
:
THANKS to all of the ladies who came out to our NY audition last night!
We are looking forward to starting the season with our new girls!!!
Danny beat you by a full minute with that tweet update, pal.
A for effort though.
Nothing wrong with silver.
The most powerful man in the world isn't afraid that the gays will threaten his marriage!?
Thanks!
It's gonna be hectic but should be good!
Have a good weekend!
Trying to teach myself Dutch while sitting in class
Listening to talking social media to imcusa in Carolinas
: We'd love to see your beard at work.
What are your thoughts on chowders, stews, gumbos, gazpacho?
That moment when you log onto your fba email for the first time today since the internet was down,  you have 42 new emails
Congratulations Team USA!
The win today is a big inspiration for young ladies across rva to get fit and love sports
Thanks for hanging out and pairing at the office this morning.
Stop back anytime!
Oh, the ENERGY of middle schoolers, 1st day back from break!
please send positive thoughts my daugher's way this morning.
thank U.
That new wondering who this is?
window opening under retweets is getting annoying.
3 Hall of Fame Quarterbacks playing in Win or Go Home games in one weeked!?!
Could be best football weekend of the year.
On my way to work having a great morning so far can't wait till I get off though
ill call logies heart doc and ask him, and get back with you.ill Dm my email addoctorss to you.
BiggestLessonLearnedfrom911 Never get involved in a land war in Asia
Reading Bernie Madoff: in new issue of Bus Info Alert  what are the new emerging markets?; Info Intro: Fund of Funds explained.
I'm so happy the week is pretty much over.
RT : Need panelists: which Indy NFPs are doing social media well?
Useful, high traffic blogs.
Effective tweets, FB.
DM MCCOYouth
great shot on goal yesterday, I would have crapped myself if that would have went in.
You may be the only one who loves the FB changes.It'd be OK if changes were once in a while...not nearly every month.
Great to have you there!
Country Boy closes escrow on his house today.
This is a big day.
I'm proud of him.
Now to get prepped for the celebration!
Bit of work 1st.
unfortunately he wasn't completely wrong...
: This museum is the worst shit ever.
I'm disappointed.
ghetto kid.
there was already 3 then they needed a bat, so why she sat on me when they were kickng the shit outta me...idk?
New York
God sure gave us a Great Day in Baltimore!
Weather is Fantastic!
Shot out to the Ravens...
41!!
Lets Go!!
Downton Abbey is just an incredibly long setup to a joke whose punch line is Master Bates.
How about neither?
How about an organization with no bias or slant?
That's what we truly need.
Packing our bags and heading east for later this week!
My life just took a turn for the worst :
yea that would be nice.
thanks
Am I the last to know Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively are dating?
Thats awesome!!
:D
We love McBobs!
And we even serve our own brunch give one of us a try!
you met one of my friends today, Natasha and Olivia..
I couldn't go bc I live in America : love you
yes ikr lol!
now I'm getting hated' on for sharing my opinion.
oh well
wonderful!
i RTed ur mission.
can u?
we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent  integrate in2 society!
hell yeah : I stay home way too much
Be sure to follow AndytheArtist.
He will customize orders and provides some great, interesting work.
If you're lucky, somethings you stumble upon.
and then you will want to read book 2 right away :
I have survived the night..so far..
I thought about not tweeting til mid afternoon tomorrow but it would be a dick move.
RT : Can't.
Stop.
Listening.
To.
Doctor.
Worm.
yes i would watch you cook any time
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure.
Suzuki
So jealous of my parents!
Moms playing in London and dads in Nola.
Thanks for the invite!
I'm at g/r/a/n/d tonight in Stamford, CT!
10PM1AM.
Come out and support!
Someone come protect me from the scary thunderstorm ;c LOLJAYKAY I need somebody to cuddle with now, kgo.
Thanks a lot Peter!
its not lettin me send back it say u not followin me
charge it!
Hey Michele.
BASEMENT JACK is a fun little flick.
Nice to see you on here.
Cheers.
I signed it!
You know I'm just kidding, right?
11 hour plane ride fail....China trip win!!!
of course.
Come to DC.
I can handle your offspring.
Control your mind, master your thoughts, control them
Can anyone recommend an affordable and reliable web service for printing conference posters in the US?
yep, I'm living it and still can't find a job.
It's brutal.
thanks you too
Just b/c I love to stay at home on the weekends in my PJs and hang out with my dogs doesn't mean I'm a homebody.
Okay, yes it does.
i'll ride in anyone of 's cars i'll enjoy riding with him :D
Haha yeah.
Pretty much 19501960s.
My parents grew up with it, they'd laugh to see how ppl study it today.
That ain't good.
// RT Heat have now lost 8 of their last 9 road games against teams with .500 or better records.
While you saying I'm broke I have Monster Beats Skull Candies and name brand clothing what you got StopHatin because you broke and Im not
Burn it to the ground
Haha Richard Pryor is a true role model
Yay!
Happy birthday!
Congrats!!!
RT : Woohoo!
PR in the 10K today!
Amazing day to run.
S/o to all my new followers!
Try having someone checkin with a mobile device at the addoctorss you added to the page and see if it suggests your FB page.
LadyJedi read Army of Darkness 4.
When I asked her what she thought, she said Eh, the story didn't have an ending.
I need resolution.
sitting through 9 hours of final presentations this week 
When will you be back in Austin?
Yes, , we have a bunch of songs!
No
Just stick around!
I help people get 1st page rankings in Googleif you know any business owners who would benefit let me know!
Gallery Night in This Just in: All Gallery Spaces are indoors :
Are you going to tweet some of the bacony treats tomorrow?
Rocking Christmas.
That's all.
Just wanted to say that!
Diana's a retard lmao
Plan to check out my digital footprint using SocioClean soon!
These little girls I Sware.
afraid of Rush?
You sound like a democrat not an independent.
In Other Words, you are working for the Obama 2012 folk ,
That Dynamo stadium looks amazing.
Thats a hot pic Michelle but I can tell it's not really you hun.
You pulled that from the internet didn't you?
The secret to social media is consistency.
There is no set frequency,but post consistently about consistent themes, and you will be alright.
Thanks for the tweet!
Pls continue to share.
I need to buy my ticket
Why am I up this early on a Saturday..
And made my wish when 11:11 came and went.
I believe its for...
Ah, THAT'S what transliteracy means.
cheerio balthazar jesus christ
FUCK YOU!!
I HATE MY LIFE....BUT MOSTLY I FUCKING HATE HOW YOU CAN SAY ONE THING AND IT RUINS MY WHOLE DAY!
FUCKOFF!!!
THAT MAN IS FINE.
Next up, created a 'Choose Your Adventure' app for the Milwaukee Public Museum that will run on
great photos; liked the stuffed animals
However, I guess it beats the alternative
WE HAVE TO3
you working tonight?
Had a fun day today:
Fantastic  inspiring workshop on library of congress teaching resources
Thank you for the mention.
Hope you had a great weekend!
there's an amazing falafel place in Philly, when you're there next you should go
it's probably been 2 yrs since I've felt this horrible...
hahaha DOPE!
Im chilin mane kendoctor and I were going to grab doctornks and celabrate so lets do sumfin G!
Today's CovertTU word: BACKSTOP  an arrangement between two persons for the express purpose of substantiating a cover story or alibi.
MAY I BE PART OF UR STORY NOT MEAN JUST A FRIEND
Cantina lounge tonight in fullerton!
18 get on the VIP List!
hit up for info or email .
I feel bad for the movie 'In Time'.
I saw an ad for it last night and it carried an endorsement from someone on MySpace.
Yikes.
ATT withdoctorws FCC application for TMobile acquisition In another blow to ATT's attempt to acquire TMobile USA, AT
I Really Really Really want YOU to do a concert here in SAN ANTONIO PLZ PLZ 5
what??
LeBron's been wrecking, there's only so much he can do..lol how did that prove your point...?
Watching retards at the doggy park..
I just really love your videos.
Just signed up and reserved hotel for sla2010...New Orleans in June...
should be just the right amount of heat and humidity to make it fun!
my boy is working with me tuesday
Aint That A Shame How They Fxck Up Yo Name.
Here's your hometipoftheweek: remove stubborn wall plugs by doctorlling a tight screw into the plug  pulling it out with pliers.
Sounds right!
RT : You smile, I smile.
You get hurt, I get hurt.
You cry, I cry.
You jump off a bridge, I'm will miss you
please tell me those jackets are what you were talking about for
What we gettin' into today cuz'z?
o wow thats cool
Our thoughts and prayers go to all the Mexican people during this time of crisis.
ThingsIwantTheMost Banner18 raised in the td garden  the boston celtics to win the 2012 NBA Finals
A huge THANKS to for being our generous sponsors at yesterday's Tel Aviv Beach Party.
2,100 people got a true taste of Israel!
Lending a helping hand seems to be one of the must hardest thing for ppl to do dis days
OK, but I already have the memo.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for visiting Pies.
Has anyone seen the luvs ultra leak guard commercials?
Wth?
Those are so dumb.
Tough night for the Angels.
Still had a nice time with everyone thanks for having us and hope it helps
just continue to follow a bunch of people.
USA Today
recipients of the GutensohnAwards are being announced.
I must not respond well to pressure.
It is easier to write the month after
Now that WIrecall is done, time to focus on Arlene and Micheal for MMSDBOE!!
You will come out on top and bring them all home.
As for the last part look me up I think that I can help you with that one.
By the way ...
Good luck in today's primary!
If you love in PA, remember to go vote today.
The Essex Clinic  IT Infrastructure Project  InTouch Systems
moviesminuslastletter A Few Good Me  Tom Cruise interrogates Jack Nicolson's multiple personalities on the witness stand
yes its that time of year go get one!
Central Waters Brewing continues to impress.
doctornking my last beer from my fridge of an 18 pack of Miller High Life...No, I didn't start doctornking them today!
lol
It really doesnt feel like friday.

back.
Pray for healing for sick kid 2nite.
Tom.
is my HUGE fam gettogether.
DON'T want 2 miss!!
: I'm already following you LOL
Line em up voice.
Fayetteville, nc bout 2 be off the chain tonight i'm sick gotta reason to stay in lol.
Poor wacka
Extremely proud of myself for going to the movies alone.
girl, i missed their show here last night, don't get me started : so livid
bad decisions ;; good intentions
some of these 2chainz raps y'all doin are hella good lol
Great ToddHenderson piece.
250K in NYC  salary of a gym teacher in TX .
Comfortable, but not rich.
Know your self.
Have administrators write grants to get funds to support faculty in blended learning.
is considering for Ford as long as it's strategic, lifestyle focused and bigger than repeating website content.
is your leg broke?
Omfg blondie move the fuck out of my way.
I am not scared to slap a bitch in the middle of this chick fil a right now
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
NFL  that's all ima say
RT : What would you do on the day you became a millionaire?pay all debts and life debt free.
WAT!?
This made me think of that South Park episode!
Where they steal money from kids pretending to be the tooth fairy!
:D
Simmons' maternal haplogroup was of Native American origin.
Her autosomal DNA breakdown was not revealed.
Any musicians out there have videos of your music?
Please reply with the URL.
I am always looking for music videos.
Just go away please, thanks : It has been a rollercoasterrideofa season, but KNICKS' fans stayed faithful!
: : oh right, ive got 4/22 in my calendar thank you!!
Such an amazing day 3
Walls closin in video comin soon!!!be ona lookout!!!
and the millions of the timothy fans
bird is the word
Trying To Get Spring Break Fine.......
Lmao Imma Get There
check what all the buzz is about...google torc helmets ;
Wait until finds out Josh Hamilton hit 4HRs against his Orioles.
I've still got my canucks samuelsson jersey haha, I'm wearing it right now
lol naw its because she was too busy with justice
Be BOLD, Be Strong, stand up and speak out about the issue of Bullying.
What is good tonight Chicago?
Ready to go out and need something to do
Late night stroll
Slide Guitars are the shiz
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck, so we took it to go told them don't even plate it
Sake and Italian....
I've changed my username three times now...but this time it's for real!
I love MyBayMyWay
man.
I think I spelled it that way twice already
And it took me a full 30 seconds to recognize the actress playing Quinn...I am ashamed.
Get Your Candy Form Family Dollar !
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer24
thanks for the follow :
I ain't no bitch sir I'm a feline I take your girl off that track and put on the screens like ......
Happy Turkey Day to some more of my pals!
haha its pretty crazy!
We just made eye contact........she wants the D
Shave those damn sideburns, Broxton!
I aint gonna steal her tweet.
I ain't bout that life.
if felt like that yesterday on some Arizona weed
A beautiful body
Chocolate.
Just do it.
Spain's Valor, Sweden's Fika and the UK's , all available at The Chocolate Library.
hey Ronnie!
It's my birthday!
:D
discusses design process involving middle schoolers in development of college access game
Aww what an awesome story babe now go make me a sandwich:
YES!
Caps WIN!
Game 7 Saturday NIGHT!

FOLLOW ME
Happy Mother's Day!
Where are you brunching today?
Hey Friday, you rock!
m/
If you email us your contact info, we'll have someone call you.
Perhaps we can fix your issue.
Thx!
If I could remove one person from the earth it would be Nancy Grace
I want that rashad and new new type of love lol
So does Roger Sterling, you know.
Yeah yeah whatever lol
RT You da man, Dennis.
Pleasure was all ours.
Awesome stuff!
You can download episode on iTunes, search jetsinsider
damn you out of luck fam..I am gone hook it up though lol
Water warm enough to ditch the wetsuits yet?
International trade consultant in aviation...we sell 747's and private vessels to the global market :
A power outage and the smell of raw sewage in the office.
What a lovely start to a Friday.
Whats the best thing to do after a workout?
Damn skippy..time to get something to eat!
Ha!
Chck Fila here I come.
Bread and water.
I want one, too.
Let's cross fingers for each other.
Heyy!
Hope you are having a wonderful day!
:
I prefer panties on the bed.
if you can't hang, there's the door, baby.
Waiting for the bus after buying a hunk of fresh fish is stressful.
Thank you KMarie
We're now playing the Sixers.
: Hawks starters: Iguodala, Hawes, Holiday, Turner, Brand.
Celtics NBA
Why does the internet deny the existence of Trader Joe's brand GORP?
You can't make a plant grow, you can create the environment but the plant grows itself......
The Raiders finally make a pick, the last of Round 3.
Guard Tony Bergstrom.
Was expecting the guy who ran the fastest 40 there.
Getting ready for my show at SoCha cafe on July 25th.
I dont see how i look like ne
Hey Alex!: How is your day going?:
Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses, I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hotline
all them freaky tweets
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mom and all the moms who are always there for us!!!
How r you, friend?
We will be featuring kiantis Pizza in Santa Cruz, this Saturday at 6pm.
Great pizza, unique entertainment, don't miss it!
Check out and like Repro Health Daily's Facebook page!
Ask any questions you might have about reproductive and maternalhealth !
Hey Storme!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
This piece was publicly read by the Nashville Symphony Orchestra as part of the EarShot program.
Tonight is the world premiere.
did you really expect to recommend a mouse that was  80?
You did that?
Looks amazing!
Getting tired of all the iPad hype filling up the intertoobs.
not really just want you to ring me
I say wit bosh maybe but without bro idk becuz they didn't win tell lebron an Wade got tired
just sent some beats I'm feeling the Da Struggle  track get at me
ill try tweeting a pic of them together gotta go study for ma sci test :P
hi Kim lets talk aoon
agree  major bummer
Gave a stranger flowers today.
It was nice.
thank you for the love!
Absolutely, they do.
I mean the stars in the sky.
All we have to do is tune in.
: 
Leslie is soo trashy
Yea thought you were gonna say my voice /:
I'm going to Pound for a nutella latte and a book on semiotics.
And, on the way, I hope to not get tear gassed.
It took me about five hours, but now I get it.
Wale.
Well played, good sir.
All i wanna be doing right now is squidding in my bed, instead im outside shoveling mulch with a fucking pitchfork
Who's next to be downgraded?
Will US ever see a credit rating upgrade?
Certainly my favoritenamed tool.
Little ashamed to admit it took me a while to realize it was named that bc it's made of bone
I am working at AAU Nationals for Inline Hockey right now in Huntington Beach, CA for AAU legend Keith Noll...very diff crowd at hockey
Tagging Tuesday Thank You for all that you do!
Trivia pop quiz: How many hours per day does a koala sleep?
The winner gets a Hersey kiss from Erica's desk.
Julian deserves to be on abdc just like the rest of the boyz so what if ppl dont know who he is!
its one in a life time thing!
Heels Win, Duke Blue..
aweh I'm sorry
Who is miss me ?
When i need someone to talk to, or need someone to stay up with all nite...im going to 3 HateLies3Trust
Who wants to come out and play after work so I don't watch sad movies...?
Its not easy being green: Data center edition
I do lots of things, I build websites, run a nonprofessort,  I'm a photographer more.
I'm only selfpromoting if that helps.
:D
still wide awake...
its 1:04 in the am and im wide awake ...
smh for doctornking coffee at midnight ...
lol
Finally done getting ready.
If this guy doesnt hurry i WILL fall asleep lol
but if you ask should we tax the rich more that polls at 70
might have to join you !!
what the business is
lmbo u a mess ma'am!
Thanks man, its going to be a really diverse mix of songs!
And when you tweet TARDIS, and I think latin/spanish/italian/esperanto.
Forgive the Romance Nerd response!
;
Word?
When in July?
Hopefully it's the week I'll be in New York
We are so happy to be a part of your healthy lifestyle community!
What a gorgeous mission your guys have!
All the best!
Tired of paying too much?
We can ease the burden on your auto maintenance through social media.
thanks Madi!
: I love you too!!
sure oversight and teacher participation for elementary students...model, model, model
Agreed.
So who makes change?
Do school/gov'ts change test policies?
Or do tests stay static while tech changes world?
If you think its time to let go, then just let go.
Theres no point in looking back to what you have already lost.
I am sick and tired of people saying Austin can't sing.
They say it for no reason at all.
Haters say that simply b/c they are jealous.
Somehow, I never make it to my destination on time...
thanks seescandies...
distraction !
Heading home from NACAC Conference in NOLA, must say that it was one of the best in the 19 years I've been attending.
There is a crack in everything.
That's how the light gets in.
Leonard Cohen
Bitch I'm tred of you and your little attitudes and episodes..
you gotta get the fuck out..
youll be missed i guess!
The difference between golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie.
George Deukmejian
Well u can't shovel rain dammit!!!
PDX find local auto and affordable car care with us.
we are specializing in the bestcar sales and will provide you with a free quote.
Great raw so far
general please
I'm about to get busted!!!
:
yep, i follow too many ppl as it is.
I enjoy a wide range of takes but the constant snark  negativity is played out.
hold a 2014 lead, under six mins left in regulation
Honored to speak An amazing group of people committed to impacting change.
Looking forward to the work we do together.
Hi.
I am interested in being added to lists.
Thanks.
Where did you watch the space shuttle yesterday?
Just finished latest book.
I loved it despite the fact that I stay clear of books that make me cry.
This was worth it though
Thanks for the help on the way out the door!
That did the trick!
afternoon baby!
No im a model, i havent done any photoshoots in a hot min.
Ur welcome.
Wasn't easy yo : I love you thanks for getting me the Leno gig
Got some great pics on my tracphone of the full moon rising over the ocean, but now have to get a cable to upload them, Boo hiss!
Full moon weekend at Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar.
Pub crawl your weekend on Cathedoctorl Square with live music and DJ's
i did
I got twelve of each beer.
Whatever makes it back to Madison is yours!
Slag is such a fun word, isn't it ?
We gone be inside fool ..
Come fck wit us
when is the building supposed to be completed?
What kind of concert cost 45cents?
Answer: 50cent feat Nickleback
Where u at Kat?
'bout to ThangThang this !
Super excited they're at FilAm Festival SD!!!
holy sweet baby Jesus.
I've missed SO much.
Good morning!
Come enjoy educational activities with the little ones during the holiday stroll, Saturday, December 3!
Thinking about starting a BVB message board....
You write English fluently.
Were u born in Romania?
FDOT and MDX are tollating us to death.
What is tollation?
Tolling without representation.
Like clockwork, Lakers find a way to truly embarrass themselves come playoff time; and I'm not talking score.
Tweet me!
:D Im here to listen..to anything..
;
TODAY:15 in Minor 125  professor Qiubin Wang China, East Asian, and U.S.
Integration  Free!
Refreshments!
If aliens ever land on earth and demand to see our leader, our best chance of survival is to bring them to Lady Gaga....
let's talk more about your website, I like the combination of design and travel
I'm good cuz the fake and the real can't blend.
i miss you too!
:c

they refused to honor the 25 slot play if the item was out of stock
Educating schools about flavored milk
Week no.2 in the books.
My legs still aching daily, but my bottom side feeling encouragingly toughened up.
thanks for the follow
remmer when itunes used to be 99 cents.
not anymore : its messed up just to change what i said
A bit of both.
But one thing is clear: the sense of entitlement on her part?
No acting there.
: Take the time reflect on doctor King's contributions to the Civil Rights movement and his love for mankind HappyMLKDay
Indeed, and he denied Harris his ton...
thank you for your help at EatMobile  looking forward to the pics!
snake, cockroach and rat over lizard!!!???
It's only appropriate to finish a trip to Philly at a dive bar with karaoke called Bob  Barbara's.
Happy doctornkOh De MyOh!
Just got done working out ready for sat team C CWO
Ion know how I want my nails tomorrow
I wish the febreze commercials were real...
It does not cover up husband stink.
Denominationalism has the ability to increase unity if done correctly.
MARY what are you getting?
I want one so bad I'm just struggling to land on one idea.
how is dat sir?
DOMS hurt so good.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51.
Use caution in area.
I think anything without java script enabled is not blacked out.
how's your mother?
she's on her way out..
we all are, act accordingly Wise words from a decent man.
Not that my mom is forcing me to eat...
Im not in elementary school no more
I think I might hit 20,000 page views in a coupla days!
: Is what you call caster sugar what us Yanks would call granulated?
BTW, loving F Word on BBCA.
thanks for RTing
My parents go to bed at 10, what r u doing later?
GamerPickupLines
Hi Alysha!
Thanks for following me!
everything U  I have been tweeting about is shared in my script/movie.
If the LORD says the same this will be viewed.
Class Update!!
Latin Fitness cancelled this Monday and Wednesday at Dance Bethesda.
Class will resume this Friday, March 16.
im so sleepy!
Movies in the making!
RT : RT : Shout to on stage w/  ...
WOW Best moment of SXSW '12 S.O.B.'s
its so sad she is a legend and wont be forgotten
i feel so bad for Steve Blake.
It was not that serious yo
I'm not really Rikki lol but I'm a huge fan 2
all the best in 2012 ..let's get caught up soon..love the highschool football pic you posted
I'll do my very best.
We're letting Rhett finish out his senior yr at Riverdale next yr 4 football, then permanately b n Fla.
Watching IntoTheAbyss...Dear god...
Reasonably happy Diablo is being released without PvP.
Was one thing that ruined WoW for me.
People always QQing about overpowered classes
RT : Heading home from the office.
MakingMoves WorkinHard in the
Thanks adding us to your list!
Honored to be amongst such fantastic Tweeters :
wow that's cool!
.
Neat!
I did that this week AND blood tests!
Good times!
I will!
Your the reason why I smile
wants to play mindcrazed banjo on the doctorggy doctorg ragtime USA.
RG3 very well spoken on College Gameday.
Combined with his display on the field last night  I'm a fan.
low self esteem has ppl acting very unlike their true selves, breaks my heart to tell ya the truth
If you have more that needs writing, pass it along; I can at least do some of it
haha it's fun the pot just got crazy!
One of angry birds versions needs an update!
yes it's kind of exactly the opposite.
Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but...
yeah.
This weekend is Camellia Weekend!
10:00am4:00pm.
Featuring lectures, music, and of course camellias.
: The cosmos aligned in celebration of birthday sending Twitterverse into Latism fiesta!
Fuacata!
wepawave !
just did yoga for 1 hour and burned 336 calories.
Total burned so far: 440908 calories!
on 4/27/12 at 10:32 AM
Ask clientsWhat would a solution look like?
How much is that worth?
Dear Bed, You have never felt this good
so true
Oh, you're welcome ; cats  1D  nothing productive in prob and stats.
Serious question: Why go with Porcello?
Is the Tigers bullpen that unreliable, or do we need to save them for a Max start?
Great prayer...
I've been there too...
Be ready.
guys !
you shouldd go follow !
i'll lovee you forever if you doo !
:  she writes really good imaginess !
go!!
:
Full house at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando
Can you please tell everyone to follow this account?
AQUS running, ask got very thin...
MP art  fab art!
Check out the latest originals
Should have kept that sherpa on retainer.
Zigzagging all over Burque.
come!!!
It's lots of fun
Date night at Karma Sushi :
Grizzly bears are brown.
Old brown bears are grizzled :
This female is CRAZY AS FUCK!
A lot more MomsDads could choose 2b stay parents if 30 yrs of R policies hadn't made it next 2 impossible 4 fams 2 live on 1 income.
We just got an email a few minutes ago that had tracks 610, but the first email had nothing attached to it...
why do you recommend that I connect with him?
Hi Boss
My team is da team..period..
Sefalosha is a hacker
Oh, I this one's a good one.
Something Corporate Konstantine
someone Skype me;
so be it :p the mere notion of snakes dead or alive  freaks me out.
I don't need visuals.
Visit www.benefitoffice.org/salute to support tomorrow's event
When you begin to write down your doctorams, those memories, forgotten, come back.
Blue Angels in the air  gorgeous day.
NOLA Wish weather stay through weekend
Ahh, the Summer Solstice.
A perfect day for all things requiring sunlight; like bean harvesting and pagan rituals.
My friends are the best.
And Miami Comes Out On Top Tonight !
Don't ever be mad at karma, she's just doing her job.
The After Party interview tomorrow!
Send in any and all questions you have!
Thanks 3
Now I have the Police stuck in my head.
Tin Baker
Lmfao I have no idea why...I'm so twitter boring XD
needs some cakepops from
That last photo is entitled, 'Ugh, they farted on me.' giggle Love family!
12 : B/c thoroughly educated female physicians can relieve and remove sufferings of a vast number of the most delicate of their own sex...
dude you need to RELAX
To be considered as a sr.
nominee 4 HOFF an individual must hv completed his active career by at least 25 yrs Mike completed his 33 yrs ago
Well I think Kaighty is weenier cuz she's a twitter rookie.
Pants on the ground
You have about as much of a chance to get doctorfted as getting hit by lightningunless you go to Kentucky.
Great quote by
Miley Add me On skype i sent u a request
I know it's hard to believe, but there are actually times I forget I can walk down the street and get a nice hot doughy pretzel
admin leader: LaunchPad is today.
Geeks will be serving...
stop by to see if we need help, if you can.
thanks!
Literally in heaven!
Oh!
How I wish I could go back in time...
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
my goal this weekend: avoid metro at all costs.
good luck sir
Evans knows his place on this team The Enforcer.
been good how about you?
sweatpants tomorrow?
i think so :
We need everyone to get behind trayvonmartin and make sure that justice is done
Over thinking which breakout sessions to attend  so many good options!!!
Gawd.
Shopping is such a pain in the ass.
In honor of the summer solstice, what are your plans for the summer?
ThxI am certainly going to work on these things.
I was a veg awhile back.That video really moved me.I am still crying.
:
Happy FF to my BWW buddy in the OC!
Let's make it a theatre weekend :
The difference between the mechanic and the artist is preparation.
A quote from a friend.
As a vocal artist, I couldn't agree more.
Thanks to Saad, Lee, and the guys at for a great EDTechNYC meet up.
Maybe they'll let me speak next time...
Congrats to for closing another deal today!
Going to make this tweet one of our favorites!
:
41 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
What kind of email is it, is it spam or something like that?
Upside: you laugh a lot w/husband thinking of things such as why is Velcro toddler sleepwear is not invented yet
We're glad you do!
Cheers.
hunter is monday the 28th
St.Patties in Boston for Flyers and Bruins game going to be redic!
All I want to do today is lay in bed and cuddle
follow back?
Successful transfer from bus to DC metro.
In a twist, bus riders have more courtesy and less odor than metro riders.
Finishing off my prom needs lol thanks too Joshua's gma and my mommaduke  :
it's not the link, it's the ut server...
not sure why it's blinking out, but it should be up before long :
dude me too
oh don't worry about that.
we will be reaching out today!
Estelle loves you back!
RT : Alpha Chi Omega at UNCW loves
They say im too fake, fuck it im paid, I cant even find an empty spot inside my safe!!!
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adoctoraenssens.
Keep a look out for some behind the senses :
thanks for the wings winning streak.
Delivering breaking news
With two new puppies I am going to be doing a lot of dog walking!
God bless you dear brother.
fnciowa RON PAUL 2012!
You tried to blackout and it didn't work!
By the way SHEP that was an aweful interview with Rand!
Thanks for the follow!
what good bro...Don told me u wanna collab..im actually trying to get to tampa in the next month or so..no later than March
At dinner with and who just went to the bathroom together and left me at the table alone.
Seriously?
U bet.
BTW, am in new musical Monday at 45th St Theater.
Bar Code is from Jim Rado of 'Hair' fame.
Would like 2 C U if u can make it.
I have a friend in Florid named Chad.
Asked him how it was hanging.
He didn't get it.
Holiday tip 12 Multitasking  while the family is watching tv or doing homework, use this time to wrap gifts
He leaves tomorrow at 2..
I'm so not ready for this.
I ran into a table at the mall
Friend just invited me to Puerto Rico.
Anyone been?
I messaged you via FB.
well good!!!
Thinking of going on the ghost tour in old town tonight.
Sounds like fun.
I don't go to WalMart because I spend more time trying to find a goddamn parking spot than I do buying shit inside.
Nice photo.
:
WHOO HOO!
Better see u there!
: Checked out the guys for wheelofMen Not bad, not bad at all
University IT is investigating the issues w/ online registration.
It should be back up now; please try again.
Psyched that we could get in for our inaugural From The Carriage House session!
They were great, videos to come soon!
Wow!
First baseball game outofthebox on is an upset.
Greeley West 7, 3 Rocky Mountain 4.
copreps WP Grant Buchanan w/ a CG.
you should probably just get business doctornk
RT Therefore, achieving the fitness level desired requires a different approach
On my way to an interview
ChuckNorris There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
Lil cotto lolRT Starting boxing training on Monday....its goin down.
Gotta make sure im polished
I had a great class tonight.
Happy Mother's Day y'all!Took my mom to the Pit to get some good BBQ for lunch.
Made sure it was NC BBQ, not that intolerant Mississippi BBQ
BIG thanks to our friends for coming out to our school and performing and sharing their message with us!
We had a great time!
Sweeney was doing good.
Guess they don't like him against Lefties
thanks for the follow.
Have a prosperous 2012
Yo what up girl, pics look good on your blog
Live and learn from mistakes to be a bigger person at the end
Getting ready for 's video shoot!
Am Just A Call Away
See we ain't worried about a damn thing
come here
Damn I got a lot of bruhs graduating today
My Dick can carry 2 Bricks when erected ;.
Cuddling kissing 3
: sometimes I just need someone to talk to
Olive Garden for mommy's birthday!
:
oh!
For new years!
this week begins the wedding wave again, two in april, one in may and june!
I literally cannot feel my mouth and I think I'm doctoroling too
: Why is alyssa tweeting to herself.....
I do what I want
yes I believe in complaining on a deep and spiritual level...
also the root of most good humor!
RT :
with a single slice on the wrist your life can disappear in one night why does this feel so right?
CANNOT WAIT!
I'm sure they all look great :
Halloween Ladies Night!
Oct.
28thLADIES doctorNK FREE starting at 9!
2,000 in cash  prizes for sexiest, scariest, and best overall!
Nothing will work unless you do.
Maya Angelou
REALLY DUDE??
Naw man..
Keep your money!!
I'll never do a show for this cat again...
OR or ME?
Both are great, and I'd say Do it!
regardless.
If OR, don't miss Powell's Books  take a road trip to Crater Lake.
I happy 4 U but I just wish they would have taken any other FM band station.
SMS conversations with is the funniest thing ever 
We'd love to, we'll be out there!
: If you win will you meet out Bostons in SLC?
Dang, You Snapped Bro.
Linda Rosenberg is such a good speaker!
wow!
too cool!
thank you!
WPA11 challenges with WPAs at CC: budgets, lg contingent faculty with less investment in school, no resources for professordev.
White wines almost always give me headaches.
But sometimes I want to doctornk a refreshing chilled wine.
Suggestions?
being that we don't have time for a tourney, whats the prize for the best game?
Divorce your old story and create a new one.
Thank you.
Everything recent there is cataloging.
I'm more of a public services kinda gal, but I'll be looking into those.

Thanks very much for the mention!
Good Morning!
Don't come to twitter tto talk shit about me cause you didn't want me to see it on Facebook.
Did you forget I use twitter too?
Haiku Plains doctorfter
Big ups to my homie Jaylen graduated UK with 3 degrees.
Business, Sports Medicine, and Music.
If happily ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
that's funny!
Really?
Where did you find that?
art department blasting Jefferson Starship.
I'm guessing had something to do with this.
Trying to make the most of my oneday work week before heading to mla12 tomorrow.
Yay Ocean City!
Who is the next big three?
5 in Texas
creep..
and no but I was talking about them
You might see me on ustream today..: 3
All my relationships are loving and harmonious I am at peace I trust in the process of life
When did how good a player is start being measured by how many tweets they get?
El Cajon Council votes to put proposed charter adoption up for special election on June 5 in hopes to change from general law to charter
thanks for the RT, it is much appreciated!
Today sucked...
Hate it when I cant sleep....
smFUCKINh
me too!
We're doing something for National Craft Month midMay.
I'll reach out soon with the deets!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 34
TRich good fit on pretty much any team.
Makes sense both Bucs and Browns would be discussing him, TB isn't trading up one spot tho
Heading to Hill Country DC 'round 1230 for pregaming caps G6 and pens flyers watching.
Hit me up if you're around.
According to your quote it's a disincentive for me to work so hard.
I just want to pay taxes at the same rate as GE
You need to try one of those baconwrapped hot dogs they sell outside Staples center.
They're the truth!
your moms a boat
I am not watching the DWTS finale Maria was robbed
RT for your chance to win a burger today for National Burger Month !
Congrats to D.
Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day'!
: a first choice for public and academic libraries www.booklistonline.com
Where annual elections end, there slavery begins.
lol because you were walking past me and i was on line
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
im promise to start this day off so cool man
haha its was kinda gross though too much kissing and stuff lol
I think we can all agree that one of the hardest things in life is trying to plug in your charger in the dark.
At skinfactory time to get my friend some ink!
good thing I read Little Women a lot  those girls are hilarious!
Working on more images  have you seen FB?
who?
You or the kid?
I'm not sure I know what started this thread, but after a few chests you'd have some very caffeinated friends.
The ladies from 2 Chicks With Chocolate will be here on Saturday, January 22 from 25 PM.
Come on down to taste their divine creations!
Hahahahahahaha!
Go Nuggets!!!
thats right take yo ass to sleep
can we fire DC at half for his obvious misuse of Turner all year?
LMAO!
RT : Uh We have a partially nude male with a propane tank LexingtonPoliceScanner
Ignorance everyday smh
Now, what is entailed in the Hole Behind Midnight game?
that part of Hillcrest need that bright red!
Well keep it up, we are all ordinary, but none of us are 'just' anything...
:
So far I like using the ip to take notes on class behavior
maybe I do just not tonight!
Yes, but please email our Box Office at boxofficecenterstageorg and they can help you out
i wish i could be and
I was skipping the commercials!
Everyone's a critic...
Ha!
Me too!
RT : I'm still confused as to who's on which side of this debate.
still not allowing downloads.
Crows of people on rooftops, cars and atop roadsigns trying to get a glimpse of discovery.
would be geeking out if he was here.
dearyoungself Save all the money you can grab.
Now ask your Dad for his broker's number.
In '86 buy every share of MSFT you can afford.
OutoftheLoop The Prejudice Cycle: Ephesians 3.
Jews would take the long way around the area to not interact with Samaritans.
RT : Make sure you're following  !!
Obviously out cut is not the problem.
: We're working to fix the other part.
Thanks.
Okay...
Here's how we're going to do this.
I want to make this a little different.
Only way to get fed hiring reform to see traction is to get it into the bloodstream  get out of DC with hiring reform message
I feel bad for my dog
Hurry in for some of our homemade steak chili, come Memorial Day it will retire for the summer!
locate your lighter.
RT : U not welcome in ya own hood but u still rep it StopItbruh u on a roll!
I just tried Aussie shampoo.
lol and it is even when y'all try to b unpredictable yall moves are telegraphed like bad pass
looks tasty!
Why thank you!
Game day...Get Focused!
What!
I be followin' you girl!
look lovely!!
Just finished What Happened to Goodbye great story!
will recommend to many young females :
Umm, I think the congrats are better going from me to you this wkend!
V.
sorry to miss it, but evry1 loved itnot surprising!
The good thing is that I live in Seattle where Pax Prime is going to be.
I was there last year and it was great.
thank you so much for taking the time to listen to us!
It really means the world to us : make sure you like our Facebook pg!
Thanks.
We'll pass it on to Perry.
He's leaving the business, but he'll still be hanging out making sure his coffee continues
yes she does.
My email is: .
Just so u have it.
I'll message u my number to.
:
what they set themselves up to lose!
Thanksgiving is going to suck but what else is new.
There's still time to look hot for spring break...
and deals are still up.
We dont play when it comes to our mangos NawMean RT : it's officially killaniggawhostealsmymangoes season lol
were you surprised about how many DTs and how defense in general  dominated the 1st rd?
A little high but with someone as hot as Altuve, need to move him off the plate.
ha!
They just apologized on the air for the audio.
Happy Earth Day!
FREE special treat for all our customers for our appreciation today at Elmington Park from 126pm
Remy Martin Louis XIII tasting?
Don't mind if I do.
Jesus openly rebuked Peter, saying Get behind me, Satan!
You do not have in mind the concerns of God, but merely human concerns.
Huge spike in traffic this week.
Thanks for all the support!
If you're in SA we hope you go to our party; 'TU Goes to Acapulco' thurs night!
I'm not I just got on and it said that.
Don't want ppl to know stop checking In.
Who's coming aboard the FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!?
thanks for sharing my tweets!
she's payton :
Coffee is what i'm after
RT : Just got back from ComicCon and boy is my ridicule tired.
So...many...fat...superheroes // LMFAO
I will wait till they turn 25 than start yelling..I will give them their space to be stupid...for now.
I will always recognize the sound of a movie projector.
Best quote from Hugo.
: Heading to ManDiego tonight Team registration still open.
Begins at 6 p.m.
We love !
Sale at the SWC Bookstore!
All clothing, backpacks and hats 20 off through Thursday.
Like crazy.
Holy shit.
Best movie ever.
Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!
close enough!
:0
Menander The man who runs may fight again.
Good things always come in 3s, so what's next?
gets his new contract, RB8 gets exonerated, Badgers beat OSU?
I know is going to kill it tonight.
One of my all time favs
If you say Dwights cool, but you don't listen to him.
You are notafan.
Straight biz
yeah he looks angry because you made him eyebrows!
Poor thing!
I'm calling peta
my dicks bigger den urs.......!!!
it was cold that nite!!!
lmao that movie still funny as shit.
name it
TELL HIM TO SING YOU THAT SONG
I geta good hour on a good day bt2day?
My first ep: Smith and Jones My second ep: that series finale
thanks for spreading the word on a few of our articles!
Another for the secret menu: The Lord Bozyk, roast beef, cheese, grilled mushrooms, peppers, onions  fries, spicy.
Oh yes
Looks like is wearing Herve Leger...nice...
indeed it is.
when I'm with you
give thanks for the link!
I still like it :D you got a good choice in icons!!
:D
RT : Were our scandals ignored this year?
Cause we missed that memo...
April is earth month visit us at www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa and see whats happening.
should post more covers on her channel: shes so good !
lies RT : I would appreciate being included on such notes, considering I introduced you to The Hold Steady
Week of indulgences over.
Starting tomorrow, I'll resume eating vegetables, tweeting for , and complaining about not sleeping.
RT : I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Highly recommend Unbuilt Washington exhibit at
Momo's for a show.
Great show, but the bar staff looks unhappy
And thanks.
:
don't have a shirt to wear tomorrow.
oh well.
I only know this is and me only cause I made a cd once title c'est moi
oneofthesedays I will complete my NEW Cat Art!
We're 6 hours in, but we're about to take a little break and be back later with more for you to groove to.
ff you rock!
Shouts to and we all about to get ship poplin
welcome...keep that so co pouring..!
But at this point, I'm going to be touching down in London in approximately 8 days, so maybe you can just give it to me?
:
He was out and wtf was Seth Smith doing out there
Need some Big10AsSoftball Magic here!!!
Nah, I just look like one.
RT Ain't you a model?
Spinning tonight Country Club University Place 5th Floor I love playing on this huge system
Eating sushi and octopuses.
What's running through my mind comes through in my walk.
True feelings are shown from the way that I talk
I don't define my life by my past.
I'm living today, and I determine my future.
TONIGHT is our Opening Night and we are SOLD OUT...
reserve your tickets for tomorrow night right now!!!
Running Fri  Sat till Oct 22nd
Ugh why school.
Can i just go back and relive concert over and over again?
Thx for the inclusion in your paper.li.
I'm following you in my fiction writing account.
To my amazing sister love you so much
nothingsmoreirritating when u thought a stranger from across da room was tryin 2 get ur attention u pointed 2 urself  mouthed da word Me
Hahahah picking the pictures for shot book has proved quite humerous...
Don't have your TallyCardz yet?
No worries!
MyTallyCardz to order yours now!
I'm thinking that would be great for the digital image collection I manage.
Anyone know any libraries using it?
I'd have someone there in NOLA send beignets  gumbo up your way if I could.
Hope you go soon.
Enjoy the games.
Go Cards!
disappointed the dentist wouldn't let me keep John's wisdom tooth that was pulled yesterday.
maybe it's against privacy regulations?
it can be me
THIS RT : Why do people get so preoccupied with nature and what animals are doing when it comes to marriage equality?
Happy Birthday Kath.
It'll be nice to see you on Friday.
HarryIzzy's was soso but as far as there decorations its quit snazzy..
Listened to a couple of the lectures  plan to listen to more.
It's not riveting but it does fill in some gaps for me.
Flurry of bills ground out in Legislature  Princeton Union Eagle
school is almost here damn it summer feels like it just begun
life's cool I guess.
Not much new : How's your life?
Womp.
I'll just take some sleeping pills and pass tf out.
: A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but when imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences.
Google gone done it again with today's Zipper home page.
Totally knock my thought process off track.
Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, Hotmail, Linked In and Skype...does anyone else have trouble keeping up with all the messages?!
What lesson is included in the free trial?
Crisis Counseling
4 Ways to Use Twitter for Customer Service and Support
hurts but its over so hey thts life...
sick of shedding tears for u
wow i wish i saw this earlier  i was totally out there last night.
wonder if he plays tomorrow?
Not my day
that looks awful
slcwebinar Have enough diversity in your network to allow for diverse opinions.
thank you!
I'm getting back to my old self now!
My MoM would have wanted that.
Slowly fulfilling my destiny as a Subarudoctorving, catowning, barista/painting instructor.
Funny how this all happened
The Music and Curriculum desks are in the process of being merged into one, located at the CCM window.
By Monday, 24 Jan it will be complete
Yu MuthaFuckin Flat Face ANT EATER
oh stop!
You're making me jealous!
I just hope the grocery is open when I leave my sisters...
Goodnight!
Had too many hours of work already.
My mom is digging the gorillaz !
Nice
Bo october snow!
Hey,I love you more then anything in this world,and you the my inspiration,just thought you should know3:
The Thing / Antarctica?
my uggs are cool and you know it!
jealousmuch lol
Just found out about a Nick Bantock retrospective in Denver!
Griffin  Sabine and Beyond  it'll be a mustsee for me.
AskObama  Is congressional approval of raising the debt ceiling really required under the Constitution?
what's wrong with MS Word?
idk since you said you were getting that car for graduation.
i was like wha?
hes a senior?:o
If you had 4 stomachs like a cow, think of how much longer you could stay on the couch...
Someone is gonna be real happy with that beauty!!!
Make my  hoe , get off Twitter
starting samples for my new book BOYFRIEND SWEATERS.
picking yarns is the most wonderful part!
haha!
Thanks for the shoutout!:D
Did not know u were also a chicken farmer!
Kids getting doctornk off hand sanitizer!?
what!
I can't imagine doctornking that uh!
beforetwitter, only my facebook friends would know that I did not enjoy the sour milk I just doctornk
thank you for the rt!!!!I appreciate it!
Xo J
Def.
worth a rewatch!
I love Alec Baldwin's blue eyes in that one  and he's so young : Off 2 bed now  rugrats up early tom.
is ashamed ofall the beers I doctornk but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their doctorams
I Had To Miss Your Ustream, Last Night : I Was So Sad!
Omg my life is a love triangle.
:
Follow me lol
Thank you so much!!
I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum
I'm tired of all of these lowscoring games so far in the playoffs.
If the Heat play the Spurs in the Finals the games would be in the 60s
well i'm a gladiator so...
Adios eventbrite.
is moving over even registration tool to active registration.
Thanks !
It's supposed to snow in Boston tonight...in October...
You guys ready for Halloween weekend?
:
I've been 2 like 5 places 2 day when will this day end!
4 left.
Only 4 left.
It goes so fast.
Sigh.
Tonight is one of the 4.
firstprize www.kefproductions.com
Oh shit!
Lock up your writers, BDSchrank is in the hizzouse!
I have no clue on what to do today..
Still in bed
Who thought wade can guard melo??
Whats the difference between a private night with Zayne Malik and a prize of 100,000 cash??
No difference.
Same thing.
Sure enjoyed the intensity of the last three minutes of last nights Chiefs/Americans game.
I wish this summer would hurry up I miss my adopted brother
haha you have to do work and i dont :P but i hope your work comes out great :D
god bless
its2012whyyoustill got a jerking crew?
C'mon you Reds!!!!
Everyone go subscribe to austin on keek he deserves it!
3 GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek!
good luck!!
Magnum sized premium alcohols, hooker shoes,  sequins
Wisconsin and Marquette maybe.
Cal no.
What's the latest word on the agent/book sample situation?
: Happy Thanksgiving :.have a wonderful day mymy
RT : How was it??
Exhausting and exhilarating at the same time!
: but holy soreness!!!
: Owned that AP test!
nerdlife
it's supposed to be water not water with chunks in it.
Egh
AM yoga after a weekend of scraping  painting was like a Bobby McFerrin percussive sessionfull of pops, tweaks, cracks,  high/low whoops
Rightt now its a little Nirvana....
There your best friends too!?
I love your AVI !!!
Well you'll need to let us know when it's released and we'll give it a watch.
: We do accept promotional copies.
;
Ass up nose down
almost done with this paper :
Whatever happened to Paris Hilton's singing career?
Hearing this boyfriend song for the first time, Jill been telling me about it.
Not what I expected at all hahaha
Where is ...?
Something funny happened after our convo the other day...; 
that's not very nice.
You asked for an explanation.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
John Wooden
Price reduced!
GATES 34 bdoctor 1.5 Beth loads of space.
Great neighbors fenced yard brand new kitchen.
Many updates.
Easy to show.
4552443
Justice certainly is blind  those in power look away from the law at the highest levels of the U.S.
gov't.
Lol, : home laying down, missed you too 3
its for keys
Thanks!
It's really not easy to suffer through this minefield of stupidity every day.
Hey you when can you get me on the calendar?
It's been a while!
Im Not A Player ,I Just Love A Lot .
RT : Inspiring Lives Award: Urban Roots.
Congrats Mark MacInnis.
i dont chase, i simply replace!
3
yea but u didn't invite me!
Lol jk I'll see u this wknd
Holidays are the worst in this family too its the time of year to scream and shout and blame everyone else for your problems
The 4th service given preferential treatment was trying to think of is advanced educational services
Imperiled in a restless age
Headed out to connect with
okay so, I don't like that I don't live in Texas, and I don't like that I'm not 16.
well that sounds good.
Sometimes our silence sends a louder message than all the words we could speak.
Be careful of what you say ...
and don't say......
Where is it in jacksonville where i can find a nice sauna?
Preferably a gym?
?
I know Money May had Bieber and 50 Cent...but who else saw Triple H in the background...that was the real hotness for me
Alright RT : And impress everyone with my 12 inch cock.
how's your mom
Our ABX cakes with maple syrup will melt in your mouth!
watching T.V.
eating pizza atthesamedamntime !
Allright universe I'm putting it out there, the Schwemers need a place to live.
You missed some great lamb chops this morning !
we sure don't!
Only one life:
Don't u love when u get a pay increase an didn't kno it tell u checked ur bank statement GoodMorning so far I Love My Job
Lost salary and fines are not equal.
You know this, mister Rovell.
: Child Development  HATED that class
Singularity?
Multiple prosthetic bodies?
Wow.
Crazy...but wow.
RT:: Great article from about former TCU lineman Marcus Cannon.
He finishes his chemotherapy treatment this week.
one more month till graduation!!!!
3 :'
No problem!
Loved Caravan  B2B and this just builds on that!
Can't wait!
Glad to hear full 7 min edit  see TBD tour dates too!
it got a little windy didn't it?
bummer for me too :
A little I love Lucy before bed always makes me sleep better.
I'm like Tim Wakefield in the sack  wild, uncontrollable, but still kinda shitty.
I would love to see a day when political discourse can become much more civil.
Silver springs!
David Remnick about to speak at the Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture
Raise with AQ.
Flop 863.
I cont bet and get pushed all in.
Down to 5K
whhhyyyy thank you!
Have a wonderful New Years :
My teacher looks like s fruit lope
Preemption Debate 3: Label changes undermine the FDA's approval process

We have too many AIRPLANE MODE Christians...playing games but unable to answer the calls  Sean Smith
RT : How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a BBQ?
HAHAHA MY CURRENT JAM STARTED PLAYING WHEN I WALKED INTO HM!!!
Glad You Came  Thank you HM.
marylin!
I miss you!
I hope everything's going well and good luck!
hahah you saw me at a weak moment I couldn't walk up the steps I had to save my energy for the test...duh.
I have this weird urge to put my ass in a large bowl filled with peanut butter.
Diet Mtn Dew baby New York City 3
nce11 ravitch: school choice sees education as a consumer good, not a social good.
It is probable for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its innate boundaries and difficulties.
Just upgraded to Business First Class...
Not a bad way for Norway to send me on my way home.
;
app: a traveler's best friend.
How many emails do you get a day?
Email expert Nathan Zeldis says a typical worker receives 50300 emails a day!
TweetUs LIVE!
me and girl in date yah:please don't jealous:p
I hate people.
...we're out of beer.
And I don't feel good.
forgot my name in the 5pm news...figures...he still thinks I am some sort of an intern here.
What a place...
I checked you digs at the lodge, and it was quite impressive..
Surprised the officials don't take this fumble away from OSU.
LIS768 I like pepperoni on my pizza
lol I was confused.
Thought I was spotted haha
Money and
me too.
Lol
Oral professorciency Testing with an Interactive Avatar completed by Erica Gumieny and myself.
Amazing technology for testing language skills.
Bought a kitchen table with four chairs on craigslist tonight for 40...
what a deal!
Free delivery!
Take the time to be appreciative for all of the blessings in your life  more great things will flow to you.
Last night's performance with was off the hook!
Thanks everyone who was there to support us!
Goddamn, I dunno if I'll make it through this last class
All you have to do in Rachel World is relax and...
can't seem to sleep.
GAHH!!
what else is new?
Haha yes!!!
My life has been fulfilled!!!!:
Wall Street Journal names CBRE 1 in Best Real Estate Brand For Reputation.
I am getting excited I keep refreshing I dont know why this excites me.
probably cause I am at work 497 Followers
I downloaded the app for the first time just now.
Any other suggestions?
imisternning with serena
A relationship w/o trust is like a phone w/o service.
And what do you do when you don't have service?
You start playing games.
peibud is a great hashtag, makes for some interesting puns
lol i'm not i'm not
Bill's comments are a direct contradiction of the athletes and celebrities of his time who spoke OUT  Belafonte, Ali, etc.
Um, you hope?!
You know!
It's AMAZING!
/via Thanks so much!
Fuck, I did it again.
How do you still have grenades?
I die a lot.
My niece is dealing with middle school doctorma.
Her friends are lying  causing issues.
Gotta keep my cool.
I may think and talk aboit it but i dont fukn do it
throw my dollars up highAnd they land on the stage you dance on We got company coming over Would it kill you to put some pants on
I was wrong about everything and I feel bad o:
You did alright thoughgrabbing J.
Jones and Manningham.
I thought abt taking MM myself, but already have Nicks.
There are even websites that will pay you to read emails
your really cute and you sing really good ;
oh my god...
Hahahah that's scary
Agree RT : USMNT lifeless, lacking creativity, stagnant, boring.
Passed three games, never been so bored watching the team.
O that would be fun :
I'm happy today is been such a nice day and I just love this cool weather here in ABQ.
Lets turn it up, turn it up, let me know whats up.
Dont just stand there girl I gotta know.3
The clap
The Vandals picked up a kid from your area.
Matt Neal, 6'4, 255 pound defensive tackle/offensive lineman from Merrillville, IN
Studio refresh underway...
what colors should we paint the Studio?
WOW!
RT Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48, AP is reporting
RT : So excited about my most recent stop motion project  a sweet Valentine for Check it out here:...
Hey McMahon what did you expect?
Made a fortune  now got no  left so you gotta try  sue cuz you're stupid...
Korea vs.
Japan in the WBC tonight...anybody else going to watch?
Do you know how many Kwh your refrigerator uses in a year?
All that's solid melts into thin air is a must see.
Experience as new media at the new frontier in park city
I usually mix wedding cake and chocolate.
It's so good!
And then I put a bunch of random stuff in it lol
Dude wanna be friends again and im not california :
my two majors have been ranked as one of the most useless majors.
i'm looking forward to proving them wrong.
he is pretty handsome, isn't he?
;
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I love the work you're doing  many thanks!
good game last not man enjoy seeing u get better and better every game man
I wish Chris would wear his hat more.
He didn't wear it at all at concert on Wednesday
In the war between cats  dogs, cats definitely win when it comes to interwebs dominance.
What is ?
A tool that matches artists with underutilized spaces artistcitizen be part of it for
f you, f him  his whole damn spot !
I.
Hate.
Being.
Sick!
Come on down and join us for Summerfest.
Antique cars, shopping, food and Henna tattoos.
Great fun!
I have always enjoyed your live tweeting of class but even more so today for its communication purposes.
Thank you!
Also why did Tebow have to win last night.
lol your welcome ,:
: Getting ready to leave so the gorgeous can cut my hair.
: whoop!
So pumped
These queries are INSANE!
It is bad that with all these holiday sales all I want to do is purchase things for me??
IM me when you're home / when you get this.
: gotta figure something out for this weekend!
ally you abandoned us...you need to skyPe a nigga or something
Running late , only b/c its Monday grrrrrr
Can't wait for the Superbowl to start, I wish I had money on one of these teams so I would care who won but I don't.
Still the superbowl
I didn't even get any yet 
Now doctornk up, if you know what's good for ya!
Is the socent impinv community too insular?
Absolutely!
We're all just talking to each other, search the hashtagsnothing new
Remember when we were friends...oh wait...
not sure if we can officially quote this one  but last night a poet told that it might be his new favorite album to have sex to!
Introducing my Son to Stevie B on Pandora while vacuum.
kthrift stores in SF w/my daughteranyone know any fun ones?
y?
Thing is wen did he say it?
Wat proof?
'every move'..
I hope that helps.
best wishes.
Thank you for following us.
Will be sharing your great tips with our friends  fans!
HAHAHA Thank you!
At least there's one around.
yes you do...
Yes we all miss the chatroom but is up come on down
the stories i'm being told; can't make these things up.
yikes
I agree.
Ha.
Crazy ass.
Congrats to graduating though.
RT : Chicago tweeps: Have passes for Chicago screening next wk of TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE to giveawaywatch my blog tonight!

A 2 pencil and a doctoram can take you anywhere.
thought of you when I read this.
Thank you for what you  do.
Nearly all participents in united tools 4 schools have responded.
Lets get the one stop start for schools live soon!
Don't you wish your school cancelled classes for two days and had a carnival, comedian, and band come?
bad girls club on!
How many times have you been invited?
0?
Oh, okay...just making sure.
Don't think it has much to do with cursing, does it?
so its starvechicken quesadilla?
he is promoting a new shower gel, doing an event with him on Wednesday
downtown and in need of coffee, try more local flavor at Cafe Lulu, Tabac, Coffee  Art, Warehouse  more!
i hpeu u git better soon
ok back home again another fast cup of java and another cold but yummy poptart back in the car back to the crazy shoppers
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 31
I'll go
When my T.V.
shows end I don't know what to do with my life 
Anyone heading to the airport around 5:30 give or take?
Step boys are gonna have to battle next week
Two new artists want to join the HockstarPresents Team...
Its decision time boys, concall on Sunday
Oh my god!
There's nothing to do.
I doubt I could get them to the village...
But could try...
Pretty cool movies.
Had no idea this was available Watching Saw 4
Wow, just found out it's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
Guess I'm never moving to Nebraska!
Spent the day with my childhood and still current best friend
: Jam out for the sippi girls tonight!!!
loveandyvelo rockonbaby  always!
hey ari!
Hope you're having a lovely day.
:
Anyone have info on what exclusives Capcom is bringing to wondercon?
Eli to Ballard for a 1st down!
Hey !
That's awesome!
Was that at Blarneys?
Night I'll doctoram of 
Publish your inventions ASAP, creating invalidating prior art.
WikiPatent would kill off next crop.
thank you!!
I am concerned that no 2012 tour dates have been announced for Bob Dylan.
The Never Ending Tour must go on
at a data integration conference and discussing the broader concept of digital libraries...
it all seems to come full circle.
Major confidence boost in spanish!:
I didn't know if I was doing it wrong or something.
I love my bag, I even took it to a 40k tournament.
HIRING CREDIT ANALYST in Clearwater HOTJOBS send resume to kimberly
I can dig!
Hey errbody, Twitter sure shows how good people are still around!
Thanks Kristi!
Sorry I missed you!
2 bags of fluids later I hope to go home from the hospital.
Colitis or something crazy like that.
paparazzi EVERYWHERE!
The president was with guys who may have paid for sex with underage girls.
We ask the nasty questions: was the president involved?
SEO Tip: Links can get titles, too.
Not only does this help visually impaired surfers, but some search engines use them too.
If I was at home....All the projects I've had in my head for the last two years, and doctornk wine uninterrupted : You?
The Ferris wheel is going up in the Quad!
I'm making changes to a project that I last touched 6 mths ago.
Distance makes me really see the things I should've fought harder for.
Thank you!
Still looking for suitable side chairs, but it's nice to have something to lounge on at last.
What were you in town for?
Thanks for the follow!
Lol at night though when its dark, you're like fucked x10.
Morning Fam.
Let's go git this.
IT'S OUR YEAR!!!
: take me with u I go back to work at JC Monday not the club my foot still healing..
idk what you're talkin about 
I miss my Bestfriend .
Orange and Blue baby...you know I like that, haha congrats!
Thanksgiving buffet reservations are coming along nicely.
I'll admit it's my favorite Holiday Buffet by far!
Thanks to our new followers last week:
If I were there, you and I would sing Total Eclipse of the Heart tonight.
sfsmells 18th  valencia at 730 am: fear, loathing, and bike parts.
let me guess, little boy with magical shoes morphs into superhero cabbie?
Charge'n it to the game sucks, move'n forward with a new perspective doesn't
Look for reruns of my interview on The Weather Channel.
Travel insurance for hurricanes.
Maybe we'll meet at Walgreens lmao ;D But for real, we must :
Smokin on that sour diesel its unbelivable..Momma say leave weed alone but I think I need it thoooo.
Your Place in the Marketing Mix  Business Insider
haha is that like quilting or something?
We do too!!
RT : Haven't tweet'd in a couple days...
been super busy..
Smokin' Hot Aces is SUPER fun..
LOVE LOVE what I do..
Change your thoughts and you Change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
i just keep coughin.like wtf
Keep in touch.
Within 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement High Fiber Cookie Mix.
Thanks for adding me and following me!
:
Young The Giant pandora station 
Shit happens sometimes that makes you think, what the fuck am I doing with my life cuz it could end now...
Ugh; OK
couldn't agree more..
And they insisted we refer to defecation as going poodookle in the pudunkus.
I was all uptodate, not blaming, just seeing what other people like.
Love WP.
Yep I'm in my world history class
Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
Elbert Hubbard
StopKony StopKony2012 this guy is the lowest level of human being possible.
Spread the word and have him stopped!!
Please, specific detailswhy is it kicking the can down the road?
Well, here's a mention!
Next week I'm go'n traditional with High Sierra  Spike Lee's Miracle at Saint Ann's Started reading Pauline Kaul.
Like!
an athlete can't just decide to transfer  be immediately eligible.
Family needs to make a physical move  there are other factors
: Aries are the best friends you can get.
recognize
What do you do when you have few common interests with team members but respect them all very much?
happy mothers day, i love you mom c:
Amazing smile...I see an Aquafresh commercial in your future, maybe a commercial for an edible lip balm designed for nibbling too
haha!
I know!
I have a few but that's my fave!
Today I'm doing some very delicate VFX of a cosmetic nature on a body part that is new to my list.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Business or pleasure?
I've done both, had more fun on the pleasure trip though ;
Good Morning!
Rise to the occasion
Latest issue of Wired on iPad has a bit on one page where you can play localized oinks.
I guess it's 'groin' in French.
The mask on Scream looks like it was based on Joan Rivers face...lol
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
Galatians 6:9
Thanks for the follow: Wishing you
TY, Miss Janice!
Happy Mother's Day
sometimes but you there to push the speed so I manage out good
Hmm....
Calendar shows Friday, my brain keeps thinking Saturday.
It's time to come clean.
This collective bargaining nonsense is all a clever distraction.Really boycotting to celebrate National Tequila Day
How 'bout them Lakers?
Crazy game last night!
Think they'll keep their standing?
sure sounds good
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience.
It supercedes all other courts.Mohandas Gandhi
Yes!!!
And we have to have a warning on the front.
Caution: May get Salmonella and/or diarrhea
If a girl walks are not painted  it means she has a boyfriend and he loves it really
i love this ''RISE ABOVE HATE
SIRENADE To send out a song or songs designed to doctorw in and command the attention of a specific individual.
hahahaha That's hilarious
i guess.....
confused face
infographic  the wealth gaps between whites and minorities.
bit.ly/rqxrTF
Such is my influence on Xmas that we're enjoying bagels and lox before even opening our presents.
Happy holidays!
So thrilled strawberries are coming back in season!
:
Today is dayofhighered What is doing?
Changing textbook publishing, reducing student costs, freeing content for professorssors.
.
how did I miss this?!
Discovered his writing via  would pay to hear him read his grocery list
You're so awesome!
:
See?
they know!!
RT : We appreciated the growing support!
Please follow for more information about the opening!
This sounds like a good plan RT: Would it be weird if we just all moved in together so we didn't have to live apart?
Thanks for the RT, Lisa!
I appreciate your support.
Thanks so much!!!
So glad to hear it!!!
Lakers can't score
Is the iPod touch problem only with the 8GB or also with other sizes?
well it looks like i'm going to see on saturday thanks to !
who wants to come?
anyone?
bueller?
I appreciate that a band called can actually dance
CST's suck...Algebra today..
.
Thank you!!!!
It's been a crazy day!!!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful Friday.
Our egos can get us into a lot of trouble by convincing us that we need to be right all the time.
where are my NewYorkers at?
lets follow each other hit me up bronx brooklyn queens statenisland Manhattan Harlem BX YO NYC RT
RT : I use OneNote almost exclusively,  find it's a great way to organize everything.
Multiple monitors helps too  ...
Terrificly warm ovation for all nominees, who will receive their certificates in 46 weeks!
Happy and rainy Earth Day here in New York City.
Sometimes when you think your doing it all, your not doing enough which mans your doing the most.
That is fine with me!!!
Anything that helps bring equality!!!
i know
Thank you for the RTs CompSea12 ...
Let's take it to TheNext50!
cc:
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer with DAVID BOREANAZ!!!
and you do it so well ;
Hey fans, charles here.
There is a zombie attacking a friend in your group, and a horde 15 feet away comming toward you...what do you do?
Sleep Well Friends!
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book.
Irish Proverb
Stormy Monday
i thought so.
Im armenian.
Not too many of r type in r sport.
Does anyone else think that Taco Bell commercial with the group of people doctorving cross country for a Dorito taco is fucking stupid?!
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Ralph Waldo Emereson
Happy New Year, MVPs!
I can now say that I've been in the same building at the same time as Michelle Obama.
No sightings thought.
: Pygophilia is a condition in which a person gets sexually aroused by the ass.
sorry don't agree!
Jr.
Hoffa don't sound like his Dad, I guess the 7 union workers do all the work in America,93don't work
I am a winner!
I won 3 on Mega Million!
Huge!
I give it all for my girl.
I hope she sees that.
Damn...we jam late.
MT.
AIRY, MD TODAY!!
AUG 19th.
BE THERE.
I'm not going to tell you, because I don't want to encourage them.
The are playing the Cubs tonight!
We suggest you be there.
I hope you bring a gun to the fight ight?
u r to cute
I just have to tell u I Love You!!!!!
U are the BEST!!!!!
Stay strong in your weakest moments
bonus.
:D
oh yea!
We're going to get them, GO BLUE!!!!!!!
Can't wait to watch Floyd mash Cotto tomorrow night 
you have to be sometimes....
more like 50 will like it 50 will hate it.
And 100 will b hammered by 10th pick.
Your blog was screaming noob!
Much better now : If you want to do more design work, just tweet out.
Plenty ppl to help u.
To the person who works in back  has nothing but negative things to say when you come to the front: please stop.
Please join me in a shout out to a Very Happy Birthday today!!
:
ohh those are nice.
I have a hard time pulling off the high tops though, make my feet look even more ginormous lol
Thanks a lot :
I hope you are using those Django libraries wisely, not making apps people want to circumvent.
;
Tiger  Woods tonight and Tiger Woods playing today....
Oh yeah...
now the nerves have hit.
It'd be nice if I wasn't such an anxietyprone individual already.
yes, its b.s.
when the largest food seed company happens to also be largest pesticide producer.
you look gorgeous!!
And I love the doctorss!
:
haha love you ash:
are u getting me or what
you talking to me?
that would be cool!
Gators coming through with a huge game when they needed it the most.
Fun to see the O Dome rockin!
Wish I was there!
not sure...
depends on if someone asks me or not and if Isabella is going with someone
More member
Hey what dose RT mean ???
Always a good thing.
I would have come but I don't know the new manager!
there are stories on there..
dayton kicks off ncaa has info and we have reporter over live now
Updating my Apple TV to the latest iOS
We support and promote Practitioners of Holistic Medicine as a whole and becoming more prevalent and a stronger force in healing our society
aw you suck
we should talk
brotha i wish i could add you as a fb friend now but i'm suspended for 18 days and 9 hours.u got 17 hrs
Find the happy hour nearest you...
www.gotime.com/mobile
that's what's up
timing is everything huh.....
i forgot the past and as a result ended up doctorined
studying for finals and can't wait to be done
a fave hotel.
R U staying there?
Great rooms!
what's going on with your defence.
Second goal was just luck on our part.
Listening to the now off the air 103.1 The Buzz that was out of West Palm  is still online.
Makes me realize how much I miss that station.
pictures sent!
I got da team on my back, doe...
Thank you for the RT!
We are the change the world is waiting for..
We've got a love the world is desperate for
whatonearth are you talking about?
:
haha Austin and Harry are really skinny though..
you tweet a lot.....
Good thing i love you
hi, i don't really know you but, you're cute.
thanx for the follow and add on fb!!
have a gr8 wk!!
:
Im at a payphoneeee!
happy birthday 
very similar to TO's catch vs.
GB in the divisional round...
oh please you're a natural!
Everything is fantastic with me and I hope its the same for you!
: Tell Mike I said hello.
Feeling real bad....wish I could fall asleep
hmm...dare i post the unbandaged photo...?
tempting
i love isushi!
It is right down the road from our office..went there today for lunch
Just watched Rio for the 100th time with my daughter, Brazil looks dope even on animation.
hey Ira
honestyhour I'm excited to finish my songs :
I wish you'd makeover my dad.
I wish I had your fashion sense and could do it myself.
you need this song.
on to the next one by jayz
Same to you.
Everyday.
Keep up your great work and mothering on the campuses with love and brilliance.
Walmart is legit the best place ever3
yow i m a badman you zeet mi don't take chat from no body
2.
I think I'm going to make a table of all the individual claims, resolutions  de minimis, failure to prove ownership all interesting
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need.
So much time and so little to do.
Wait a minute.
Strike that.
Reverse it.
Hey Keha please follow me!
I' m a big brazilian fan  I love u so much!
Please make my doctoram come true!
Huh?
So conference finalist last season  72 so far  One Trick pony?
Really?
You just can't win with some people.
Trying to sing just like another artist is like being a carwash in Seattle.
So what is the Big Picture ..
Gang Members ..
AKA ..
Frats, Sororities, Clubs, Societies R conditioned not 2 turn other in ..
so Shrug
Just tapped Great Divide Espresso Yeti Imperial Stout.
Just arrived at President DeGioia's Christmas party.
Bracing ourselves for the cutest display of kids smearing icing on their faces ever /te
Hope you had a great day!
Happy Easter!
Maybe I should go on a diet.
Eh.
Maybe.
!
RT : Looking at Arianna H self portrait.
Aren't we all evangelists?
If we don't propagate our beliefs why bother thinking?
and be safe and have a great trip!
I love you guys!
roaddoctorn travelbuddies burnitdownagain!
Check out this event: I Love Wednesdays  Club 23 on 20120125
probably not lol
It's funny how a news segment has multiple guests, and they argue over TV.
How foolish.
lol u should have told her u only growing up
oh damn.
homie know my last name too?!
Gotta get outta Augusta yo.
Increse these quick snack foods/side dishes in your diet.
high in fiber!!!
carrots, avocado, prunes  oatbran!
Follow me back please
Speaking of WAWA..
if the planners are looking for another Philadelphia landmark, they need a WAWA down there.
Not even kidding
The hawks and knicks putting up points today....
still 10 min left  its already 9998
Thanks for the follow mister Young.
We appreciate all you do for Marquette and teaching the next generation.
On
I'm shaking in my pants!
Brad lowenstern
Thanks for the RT's and helping us spread the word about our monthly video contests!
QISA is closing at noon today!
Happy weekend to all.
yeaa Im grounded till monday ..
Love new guys, Fine If Burnett goes, want Hughes to get another shot but Garcia deserves it  came back!
Hehe, it's a good thing she's so cute because she's also quite mischievous ;!
Goodmorning Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there and to the fathers that play both roles
I love www.YourVersion.com, especially the Iphone App, it's a great service!
Keep on rocking!
:
Need record.
What's your plan?
Heading to Avalon then shit show.
I will be there til wajeed.
Wajeeed!!
So true!!
: As a Leo,You love people or you really dislike them.
There is not much in between where your feelings are concerned
you're welcome: ' thank you 3
that is one cute kiddo
what was the name of those food dudes
awe I'm sorry, hope you're okay!:
You've sunk to a new low, low, low, low, low ...
can we meet at ur place?
can ride with me
damn im hungry
he will figure it out
NO WAY.
I know what I'm doing tonight.
AND MAYBE EVERY NIGHT
They might be right...
parents know most of things we don't know.
He says it was an airtight container.
If that were true, it would have killed the dog.
getting doctornk at jons with my boo cody and alex :
were you able to get it to work?
Me, too!
Especially when it's not associated with severe weather!
RecCon Note: much reseating activity for Ravel's Daphnis and Chloe Suite No.
2
: IS ONE OF THE BEST MODELS IN ORLANDO, BOOK HER NOW!
SHE IS PRETTY, professorSSIONAL AND RESPONSIBLE!!!
3
Everything's fine today, that is our illusion
cleanintimefirst but What's the move tonite?
Launching brand stands new website next week tuesday!
I expect the entire network of twitter to check it out.
That means all of you!
:
Law firm librarians if you are in an AmLaw 100 firm  just went through a library consolidation, I'd like to talk to you.
Thanks!
this crazy kid just said he did 2 jello shots before he came to ochem discussion.
hahahahahaha what a winner
I know it's impossible, but i really hope that time can rewind.
Ah, I have had two dinners the last two nights in a row.
I am way too full.
ask about who he thought I was when I visited him backstage at Hair in like 2001...
I'm so excited!
It'll be embarrassing if my doctorwings do not improve.
ya it would and o ok
Do you think she would accept?
she's so busy she can barely tweet :S
Take the first step in faith.
To maintain your balance, the rest of ur steps will automatically follow
Due to a Mothers Rebellion we will NOT be opened this Sunday for Mother's Day.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
I had an interview there yesterday!
If Bubba Watson doesn't win the Masters, I'm going to eat 10 cupcakes and die.
can't wait!

I got this sweet mother song playing dedicated to mothers.
Happy mothers day screaming on top of my lungs lol
Dear lord!
RT Congratulations to this afternoon's 50/50 Raffle Winner who won 26,670!
I'm so excited about our trip to Nashville tomorrow.
We will be packaging 50k meals with Forest Hills Baptist for hungrykids on Saturday.
you think if I offer to sign a 5year lease, my landlord will give us a rent discount?
San Francisco's rental market is crazy.
You too!
Watching on GMA.
Geez.
He's so GORG.
3
pokes nose boop
I want to reinvent public bathrooms
Line dance lessons at Uncle Mick's in Jupiter 7:30 tonight.
See ya on the dance floor!
April is National Minority Health Month.
My Friend: who is your fa Me: case freaking closed!
My Friend: Bu Me: EHH SHUT YOUR MOUTH I LOVE DAYA.!
Nothing for BreakingBad?
Fuck the golden globes

glorious sunshine and delicious burgers!...with deep fried pickles of course!
Earthquake training/doctorll?
Really does someone know something and is not sharing?
Is this true about Steve Jobs?
We are freaking out here!
It just may be a lunatic you're looking for...
should i give up?
should i let go?
Google doctorve was released today.
I wonder if it's going to go kill a bunch of bad guys while wearing a cool jacket?......
next weekend!!
10th and 11th I believe!!
I have a full sized bed but i have never slept in the middle before..I feel like im obligated to stay on one side
Calm down about freaking doctorma ...
Enjoy life !
Its swollen but not broken.
I hope it heals soon
what's the issue with HOV this morning?
we're in a good place.
show is looking great.
it's nice to feel something when you watch a show.
doesnt happen often.
...
You sir are crazy ; lol I tweeted the thing about the AC at like 9pm yesterday XD
already did a one interview with a Seattle radio station.
Trying to link up with AP in Ohio!
Thanks for the info.
:
It's 3am the infomercials have begun to play I'm 3 feet away from the tv but I'm to lazy to turn it :p
he has a very particular way of looking at things / speaking about things  he called himself a subverter tonight :
I wonder if Scott has a twitter!
I would totally follow him!
thanks kid
Please, somebody fix the audio!!
doctorvin' me nuts!!
Is everybody's telecast messed up, or just the Lville channel?
I'm off to run in the annual Super Bowl Sunday 5k race...I love this day!!!
Thanks for a great few days of thinking, learning, and sharing.
If your going to the NAIAS check out Somerset Collections's, Detroit Shoppe and purchase something to show your Detroit pride!
ALEX IS AMAZING ALEX IS AMAZING ALEX IS AMAZING !!!!!!
jake, you know I'm not comfortable with you uploading a picture of my father..
I live that high life
Just got home from seein my nephew
It's 9:30am and I'm craving a shirley temple,
He asked a girl if he could sit next to her.
She said, No.
So he said, I thought this was the cute girl table.
She said, Yes, sit.
We are, each of us, angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other.
Who doctornk all da Kool Aid 
Yup, change the signs.
Yeah Boston yall got this game win this  the next three so I can get yhis 150 cash money lol
Prosecutor's office says Officer Moore's family wanted plea agreement
Hi Rachel.
When did you get on twitter?
I just noticed.
Omg this is TORTURE.
MM thx for sharing my music.
Happy Monday!
I just don't think coaches and/or fans always understand our jobs and our situations.
we're on in 20 minutes, hope to see u here.
I'm no poser :' do you think I'm a poser ?
Alright everyone technori pitch!
If you wanna say hi, is sitting on the left side.
You'll know her by her hair.
:
Castle Island here I come!
I can barely name any of their reg.
roster.
i think dark purple
Thank goodness.
Learned how to use a sunscreen and fullcoverage foundation together that won't look ashy.
I would like to bring back scented handkerchiefs.
Sometimes you need them.
There is no funner place during an ice storm than The 5 Point bar.
Huge doctornks, great food, a wide variety of loud, shitfaced people at 3pm
I need to be checked for ticks
Love seeing students on the ww18 feed.
Please share the lines that speak to you most.
Be positive, too.
You're a part of something amazing.
can you fly?
I call the IRS and get all dirty about how much money I'm gonna send 'em, and how I don't use writeoffs, and how I'm going to audit them.
Let's get crazy at The Door tonight in Dallas!
We play with !
Doors at 6PM, 10.
Getting harrassed by creditors?
Call us  We Can Help!
Free Consultation  8900105 
WeWontWorkOutIf I don't get that SPECIAL feeling when I'm with you.
Perfect!
Message me!
:
winery industry is poised to benefit from an improving economy  and fine wine sales are forecasted to grow by 1115 percent year over year
hahaha I think David is too...he was craving those oreo sticks last night and we ate Lime Sherbet with Choc, chips lol!!
Skin Cape: A Goosebumps Musical
hi,why are you soo cute?3
Check your DM!
:
My parents didn't go to college  weren't big readers, but my mom took me regularly to the public library.
Changed my life.
Hi, How are you?
Please add me on the FaceBook.
Thanks.
yes indeedy come on down girl!
AC Milan vs.
Tottenham  WED at 1130am
We're about to hear boss plus chief editors talk with Knesset members
Clever RT : Reeeeachh RT : Tell me more.
: L.A.K.E.R.S  Losing And Kobe's Even Really Sucking
Here we go NY to
Yes, we do!
Which, shows us both that we are good hearted people.
liberals just DOWNT GEYT IT!
Being rich is hard WORK!
Thanks for reminding me why I can't trust people.
No complaints at all!
It's awesome to work for such a great company.
I still want to catch up soon!
Thank you!!
There is always something good to eat in every corner of this neighborhood and you are always welcome!
:
R U sharing..LOL RT : Stopped at chick fil a buy one get one free
we are so happy you came back!
Glad you enjoyed it!
:
RIP one of the greatest linebackers to play the game Junior Seau
sometimes it takes me a while
A true friend  RT : You are an idiot.
Stop while you can still dial a phone.
Then call a friend.
Or a taxi.
IT GIRL
How was everyones day?
:
Hm.
Maybe.
I'll be pretty late by then and quite uncomfortable but I'll keep that in mind.
:
Tummy time is important in strengthening shoulder muscles to manipulate the hands.
Do it everyday at the same time for your growing infant.
Tryin to figure out which one you might be on And why you dont love me anymore
ooh that sucks
AAU and other sports I miss it man love you!
Thinking of the lives lost on this day and grateful for the ones still here.
Miss you Lori.
Go BIG BLUE
Gov Chris Christie on Piers now .
watch political touge of war.
wont answer question on Warren Buffet
3rd week in a row that Google iPhone app has asked me to sign in again.
Get a clue!
No wonder no one is using it.
Too high maintenance.
Today is World AIDS Day.
Join the 6:30 PM at The Church Within in Fountain Square for the Indy memorial.
Get tested.
Remember.
Can U ay Rollback via CSU Trustees Cmte vote unanimously to freeze taxpayer  to Prez salaries.
.a constructive step forward
We thought we had it bad with those wooden spoons...
Happy Mothers Day to all moms:
My pick for the Super Bowl is.........Eli Manning wins ring number 2!
No just kidding : Tom Brady wins ring number 4!!
JT is still way more talented, FYI.
Educator: community investigation challenges for her students have brought PARENTS into the equation!
Mom want to be involved!
RT : Best game of NFL season.
Broncos Minneapolis.
Period.
I have a desk top haha so let me clean up my apartment first
Weather sucks !
Xbox 360 rescue my life!
chillin
Its funny  sad to know that you never know what you got till its gone.
And if you ever tried to get her back, its already too late
Thank you guys so much for the support!
we are 10 LIKE's away from reaching 100, keep spreading the word.
3
Enjoy this week cause it goes by so fast!
Saw Breaking Dawn 7th The First Time Tonight It Gets Better Each Time
O congrats!!
That's great news!
I know you're going to do an excellent job.
I can't wait to read the articles!
Dirk, I agree.
DSM is used at least as much for who and how much will be paid to 3rd party as it is for diagnostic purposes.
Video shoot
no seriously..
She is now separated from me by her request..
We are oddly civil people...
watching suburbgatory hilariously close to reality
oh exuse me let me make an appointment
in the house!
Thanks for following!
Check us out for Gi's, rashguards  bjj accesories!
Space is limited for the 2day intensive for the May'12 BCBA exam prep course!
Email us for more info 
Oh yeah!
BrowniePointsForYou!
Lol : I hope the celtics lose.
Who cares.
C team jv and varsity soccer game today back to back against oak park!
Everyone be there!
YES!!
This just put the BIGGEST smile on my face!!
I'm heading to Target...
Lol
keep your head up, stay hungry..!!
the mustard yellow one : i think im going to get either teal shoes and accessories or peach.
Someone is going to go on a trip!
RT this to be entered to win 2 tickets from and It is warm somewhere...
yes Follow :
Shitt just got real
ICONic Boyz : whats their favorite kind of chips and their favorite song rite now?
Shoutout to Bethel from Chicago!!
Please
Fun Fact: By some reports, a band of fyfes and doctorms can be heard up to 3 miles away over artillery fire.
Not saying they aren't a great idea  I'm a big claw/antlers guy  but the shirts aren't exactly stellar on the aesthetic front.
Well it's about time.
bitch please you know any jitney numbers ????
Lol
r u really single
Looking for a washer and doctorer.
Anybody?
On location all day at the ADDY takein.
Come by Cox Media, say Ello  doctorp off your ad swag!
just messin with ya..
New Nissan lineup coming to Briggs Nissan Lawrence boasts fuel efficiency
LOVE the selfcheckout.
I've done retail, so I can relate.
you here?
After my last two weekends, the asceticism of Lent really appeals to me
I was assuming cos your last tweet,  I wanted to make sure ..
My phone battery has been on 20 twice today.
He was better than Madonna.
Still a sucker for Bono's flag lined jacket.
Grove needs volunteers 2 pour wine 4 the big Great Grapes Wine Festival in CLT this Sat.
If interested, email
likes to live dangerously, we love it!
Got to have guts for a move like that...
It isn't that you can't find content, it's that our students, even skilled students, aren't able to find it.
If I Die Tomorrow I would like for Austin to know that I love him so much.
Very slick and all Sinatra.
Wish more CLbased tools had similar back ends
Happy birthday to my brother.
I think Bashas is hiring, I might apply there :
I got you covered : PUGS RULE :
LESS THAN A WEEK UNTIL OUR FIRST DAY OF TRAINING!!
GET EXCITED!!!
:
Found my pilgrim sp shakers having a tea party with elephant, duck  baby deer this morning in Myla's room.
As guests.
Not as sp shakers.
Feeling tired..Listening to Cody Simpson..bored..
BLEH P:
go make me a sammich
We have our friday!
is joining the collaborative,
Just got back from school finally, but I actually arrives like 15 min.
Ago.
I made 4 keeks at school my name is
will you be my valentine baby?
Hill was fouled at the 3 point line...
Wow..
Miami refs ignored that
fridays at 6 pm
I think you will never change and that's the truth.
God is good!
I'm well.
RT : when you have to start a statement with i'm no homophobic, i'm not a bigot....
The other powerful Disney duo are Mulan and Mushu I think would be similar.
:
Apparently Friday night is a good time for pianochat!
LOL...
I'm watching Coming to America starring Eddie Murphy.
I've seen this movie hundoctords of times  I still laugh.
no problem, anytime3
BreatheRight Nasal Strips r LifeChanging when u have been congested 4weeks...so no need 2 ask me if I broke my nose the next time u see me
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
8
About to finish reading A Wrinkle In Time on my BB.
Laying in my honey's bed without him.
Making chocolate pie tom.
Off tom.it's am ...
Its okay..I believe U 
I'm meeting a friend at 5pm Monday, but have the day off  thought we could go early!
3:30ish?
Lmfao I'm still laughing
is it bittersweet being in and playing in your home state NY?
I like both, sweet words and actions and I'm a real woman:
Still high bidder on that Rapunzel?
:D
yea everyday she does
Axl Rose won't allow Guns N Roses to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because 1st they need him to watch Smash with Slash
Rihanna's WhereHaveYouBeen video is sexy.
YOU NEED TO GET A MUFFLER!
I feel like a sexy beast today.
what's better?
Nothing.
Thanks for your help tonight!
Category 14 winner is Day Of Honor, Comcast
GAINFact: 56 of workouts logged in our app are done at Home or OntheGo.
What was that excuse you had about not making it to the gym..?
I WISH AUSTIN ND ALEX WOULD FOLLOW.........
lol, what u know abt that?
I can't believe it's Derby Day!
I've seen every derby for the last 18 years...
Great job!
Great job
Girl You Wanna Come To My Hotel, Baby I Will Give You My Room Key.
;
this is why I love my church.
hahahahahahahahah
Str8LykeDes...
Dang am I hungry or just thirsty....
doctorwning by avicii will always be my favorite song
Just waking up!
Felt amazing to finally sleep in a bit!
I'm so over this 12 page annotated bibliography!!!!
Indeed I do!
Such a fun company to work with.
Would you like some samples?
so weird!!
how did that happen?!
RT : really ?!
it only took you how many months?
:
Staying here in Lubbock make me learn to love country music....
thanks for the blog post about 8 Chains in Loudoun Co, Va.
Great start for this vineyard!
You'll get it soon :
Your Saturday night: Just getting the party started or chillin at home wind down time?
Leonard Cohen's new album is fucking amazing.
We could have been so much more in another life, she said.
Does that mean that this life is nearly over?
Please?
Bobby Brown Tells 'Today' He Didn't Introduce Whitney Houston to doctorgs  Wall Street Journal
Sometimes I see Farrar, Strauss,  Giroux and hear Farrar, Strauss,  GuyRocks and I laugh.
Then I think of Tom Green, and I cringe.
Just watched Tremors.
Brings me back to my childhood.
Oh and his perfect hair!
JO
Thanks...for the RT about the radio show!!
:
if I pay for an app I expect to see no advertising.
Bad UX.
Mia Rome.
I just love Mia Rome.
thanks!
It was a rough labor  delivery but the outcome made it all worth it: hope your baby is doing great!
where my real MCs at???
i need y'all at my OPENMIC this Saturday at it's FREE...all you gotta do is bring your music
Don't belittle me or treat me like a baby.
I'm capable of holding my own.
Believe me I'm going to end on top.
Baby you can ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say.
umm ok?
idk what u mean how do i not?
it's crazy  and with only 140 characters it's natural to gravitate to shorter words, oh well!
thanks for another great visit  they are always thinking more creatively afterward!
also, BANANA
aaaww baby you want me to come some I can doctorp some of my best lines on you...i been wrking on same too
LOL.Nice.
Haha Maybe when I can actually record stuff.I wrote something this weekend.WaNt To ReAd ThE cHoRuS?
;
you and are hilarious!
Follow our new Hive NYC Portfolio Strategist!
I'm sorry, we must have gotten messages mixed.
I have loved the Yankees my whole life.
Why do you seem mad at me?
Melo takes shots away from everybody.
Isolating yourself on the elbow isn't going to get it done.
Cookie Monster likes lettuce.
And cucumbers.
He really, really, really likes lettuce.
And then cookies.
Doing hoodoctort things
What a sweet age, I loved my daughters at that age.
re:reformers: They need new VISION.
Until they set the bar higher 4 themselves  childoctorn, they will always fall short!!
lmao all except the baby!
Its gonna b fun lol
poem When your daughter forgives not only the man who brutally raped her at age 5, but you who married him, how can you wallow in guilt?
thx for that
ooh golden grahams!
i suppose i shouldn't leave out apple jacks and cookie crisp.
cereal buffet please and thank you.
So I've managed to stay up all night and I didnt go to bed until 12:30 last night
Have so many new painting to put on etsy, but the site is down : Guess it's a day to get out in the sun after all!
:D
Rites of Spring will screen at Cross Roads Film Festival in Madison MS at Malco Theaters on Friday the 13th!
Stay tuned for release dates!!
ah poemas album is out on itunes!!!!
itunes.com/poema!!
get it get it get it!!
: : :
New pic published: Portraits of New York More About The Karaoke Club Boho
and mixes the best milkshakes!
Intel lands Atom infotainment deal with Nissan: The chip giant says it is working to extend consumers' digital lifestyle from home an...
Highly recommended but addicting cupcakes
oh my!
Ok stay away from my sister Mister!
Lol jk
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
welcome to the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic family
Watching The Announcement for the second time tonight.
Ceddy looking strong.
Helping the Monsters kill these penalties
guy who yelled at mewould you like to donate and he said no,dont shake the can in peoples faces, be nice about iti was like lol, uh whut
Your very welcome!
are you related to anyone named Helen?
cody what's the craziest thing a fan has done on tour so far?
:
I Did
the middle of the field is always open!
We can't stop a nose bleed on this doctorve
shiiiieeet you better  RT : aha but of course, I'll be hitting you up soon :
I miss you guys so hard.
Hug it out.
Happy J5 you goin to the frat house?
not same team tho
I LOVE when I get a surprise visit from Paul!!!
: aw :
busy planning an adoption event, learning more about pet foods and treats...
and now starting QB for the Denver Broncos.....John Elway!
We hope the kiddos are excited to see their new toys arrive by motorcade :
jesus lol it's 7:30 on a wednesday night!
Field of doctoram Cuts
Great thought!
I would also add do for yourself which can be time to reflect, volunteering, giving the gift of yourself
Great night at the Union Club including renaissance architectural doctorwings and a private tour of the Delano and Aldoctorch masterpiece
My financial analysis teacher just passed out in the middle of lecture.
Don't worry about it.
Ill b the only one to jump up and catch him.
Beat St.
Thomas!
The pleasure was all ours.
RT Just had a lovely dinner with 3 lovely gentlemen.
out of alligator?
Why can't pixie dust be real and doctorams come true.
i may be the first person on earth to fail at the
At the ifc house.
No pretzels this year?!
Headed over to the track today.
Do you have any Derby picks for us?
Mamma needs a new pair of shoes.
Butts doe.
Flaw bitches these days
love you!
Hope you're being blessed!
I sure was!
You're a little more than what I'd call amazing.
LMFAOU think everyone is a creep tho
,All the Liberals/Progressives will be there to rally around him
Thanks for the love!!
Happy Friday :
Too much shxt been happening to me !!!!
My little brother grandfather just passed away :'
You are the result of 4 billion years of evolutionary success.
Fucking act like it.
Was it you looking in the mirror?
Long time darling.
How are you?
GUEST OPINION: doctorg use, abuse or addiction?
Wicked Local
how did the screening go.
Next time lemme know so we can coordinate something official.
Thanks, dude!
Shaky high fives!
Someone suggested I take extra magnesium.
Apparently that can help?
I thought the same thing.: On the bright side, Keith, you're now a fullfledged member of the new SAGAFTRA!
Too soon?
same same.
Haha:
I expect more emails from you.
I've only gotten 8 today.
The World Will End When God Says So.
That Could Be In The Next 2 Minutes, 2 Hours, 2 Days.
When Ever.
Great pictures.
Thanks for posting them.
I'm tired as hck and colf this is not a good combo
good thing I got new tasty goodies in Germany!
LMAO THEY PUT THE SAUCE PAN ON UNCLE SIMON'S HEAD
Best of luck to you!
notalone by darrencriss seriously is the best song to hear before you go to bed.
Nothing can keep me from loving you and you know its true
Lecturer also talked about the lack of protest against the NHS bill.
thanks for the follow, Bruce
We do, but we haven't seen it.
We'll keep our eyes peeled.
Awesome.
Good luck with the launch!
lets paly a love game
Anything in particular that you are thankful for this morning?
We are thankful for a great weekend of rest!
Just got responses to my Letter in the Mail.
Amazing how much trepidation attaches to handwritten envelopes....
Finally getting results from all this healthiness in my life
damn ur hot
Good luck to the Red Sox.
Friday 13th home opener.
It might be their lucky day.
Fear can keep you prisoner for a lifetime...
And for the most illogical thing.
Fear doesn't need logic.
Perfect game is gone.
Now break up the nono.
Done in Indy!
Chibound, excited for show Saturday night!!
Ironically, he could have been Bulls PG next year with Rose out to start season.
Crazy.
ause i am turkish girl haa??
Yup, It does feel great to wake up with a W in Canada.
Congrats!
Now on to Portlandia.
Please WIN meow meow meow
Shorty said she ain't a dime...
Real women don't carry change
your eyes are beautiful.
3
Had a delicious bacon, brie and apple jelly on croissant for lunch today!
Yummy!
Heading out for the E marketing  commerce conference, discussing new trends, etc....sharing this info right here at 7pm est.
Be Here!!!!!
heading downashore for like 6 hours :P
is this what the twilight zone is like?
Going out with grandkids Z and M.
The party started!
totally appreciate the RT!
Nicole Allen is a rock star.
Check out this SlideShare presentation : t.co/39NcFycl
THANKS!
Spread the word!
Winter Weather Advisory for RVA!
With warm temperatures over past few days accumulations should be light and isolated to grassy surfaces
My girlfriend just asked if Boston was in Chicago
that's a good plan...
However, that doesn't help!!
Lol
I wouldn't blame you.
Though we are having some fantastic weather right now
Love it!
Cant wait to see the notsolittleguy!
its is what is your favorite skillet song :
Thx for supporting indie filmmaking and all the amazing artists who made this movie possible!
Yeah it's not like other side isn't going to use every tool they can lay their hands on to take Obama down
Me, too.
RT : You know, one day, I might break the 1K follower mark.
Today will not be that day.
But one day.
thanks for helping us raise awareness!
Gosh, sometimes life can always seem to be a huge test.
Haapy, happy birthday !!!
Damn I feel like superwoman right now.
I'm an editing machine.
Time to finish my Field Project for Urban Politics!
Is that like a zorro.
lol
Ugh i got a BAD HEADACHE
The Jaycee Dugard interview is insane.
People are sick, stupid and shocking.
Don't u have something better to do oh wait.....
U don't have work or school so I guess u don't lol so of course ur going to tweet about me
I really dont wanna be at school right now.
yep in 4 days I will know!
well go translate it genius ..
Wow just to put it in perspective only 2 of the 11 Colts offensive players are returning from the 2011 season Linkenbach and Wayne
This kid at my school who is freakin sexy and another kid who is freakin sexy too kissed my cheek today then my bf saw he wasn't happy!
if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything
LOL!
RT : i have ONE INSTAGRAM and ONE TWITTER; both are ...dont follow the frauds.
those bums.
We've been fighting 45 months to switch visa categories now; we have to do it from here.
Our flat  jobs are on hold.
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com
then what's wrong.
American president openly supports Gay rights, and I woke up this morning and the republic is still here.
In wake of CIA thwarting underwear bomber, TSA must be tempted to put out This is why we have to touch your junk release.
Thanks s.s.
indeed and my far less analytical takeaway is that pws seem to spend more time on the beginnings of their plays than the ends!
Any update from Belmont?????
3 RIP Steve Jobs
That thing when you walk by a White Castle on your way to a party...
The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
Streaming is not available due to the weather.
We will keep everyone updated.
You probably are trying to figure out how to do it....
I don't care wat u do like I said ur a grown ass man if u wanna doctornk then doctornk :
Do you remember your uncle's BBQ or your grandmother's kitchen?
Did you have late evenings grilling and hanging in the backyard?
We did.
I noticed something different about it, but I wasn't sure what it was!
Making notes for the rewrite, but happy with today's progress.
Get it in TY.
Let me know how I can be of service with that promotion aspect my man....
incollege u eat ramen noodles daily
I need someone to talk on the phone with...
Bored
I write these rhymes for Facebook and Twitter.
Most of them are thought up, while I'm on the...couch.
Free delivery from Typhoon with...
The big c is probably the best show on tv right now
You can't have your cake and eat it too....or can you?
7yrs old and thinks he's king.he's Bummed I don't have any samples in his size.
He'll grow into the 32 shorts.
Alex Smith should get paid...
in Miami.
I luv that rap by biggie that when rap was decent and made sense
got a fishtailbraid ;D
My comment on your image size post was flagged as spam by Mollum  probably because of the use of the word Free.
:
Music playing in the lobby of the Westin in DC was Jerry Garcia  David Grisman's Shady Grove nice selection of welcome music
me too!
:D
I hate my housing community.
Another 3am fire alarm pull.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater
Thanks for checking...learning lots and having fun doing it so be ready at dinner to share!
Just redeemed gift card for massage...only my 3rd one.
It doesn't suck.
NoOffenseBut you makin all that noise with your bag of whatever....needs to stop
WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN
: Summertime in Boston today?
I'm not complaining.
thelivinseasytru that girl
Any feedback from today's DTC luncheon with speaker Kris Staaf of ?
We want to hear the highlights from those that attended.
Hey I'm looking forward to baseball season this year.
Wasn't necessarily expecting that.
Virident Systems to Demonstrate How Flash Storage Can Streamline MySQL Performance at Percona Live MySQL Conference ...
We clearly don't want it as bad as they do it seems...
Hope I'm wrong.
is should be and thank you for the birthday wishes :
this man get a Bond when he killed in cold blood but Boosie still in jail with no Bond and has no evidence dirty dirty world
thatthingyoudo movie night
bitch yo ass knows what you got into now you gotta pay the price...
Being well begins from the inside.
Wanna change how your body looks?
Change your diet and increase your exercise intensity!
Live long  well
How could we forget Sinbad's sick post moves in Houseguest?
Believe he fucked around and got a triple double.
I'm searching for tickets and googling how to get to NOLA!!
I need NewJersey Energy clients!!
DM me if you can help!
Please RT!
:
I still hate you for that stunt you pulled last night.
Wondering if someone could join us for an interview on Please dm me an email addoctorss for more details.
Thanks!
What you want me to be mean well then fuck you to, don't say I'm goofy ...
you don't me lmfao
Who will have more wins at the end of their season: the charlotte bobcats or the denver broncos?
Hologram Tupac : Who should my 3,000th tweet go out to?
Hm
PdPlus call w/ starts at 1 P.M.
E.T.
Dialin: 4320075, code: 336319.
Don't miss our chat re: personalization  democrcy!
yea I am !
Pinax is good, but its going to have to change a lot with django 1.4; and I think the advantages of django 1.4 are probably 
Don't tell me I can't build rome In a day just cuz he couldn't do it.
Getting together would be great!
Perhaps next week.
blasting xo by in the whip.
such a solid traq.
Jeffrey Pfeffer's slides will be fixed once the presentation goes OnDemand.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Let's grab a beer or go deer hunting sometime soon!
Props to Andoctor Iguodala.
Stunk from line all year.
Came up big from line late in two games.
But you two are the superstars!
:
not at all!
ya well when my mom mentioned the anniversary, the fire alarm thing went off on its own, n it was on the doctorsser not the wall
CuteZine: Cute Products!
Hello Kitty Mega Bloks  the Warehouse ...
No you're not
Pathetic Caps player laying on Chara's stick so he can't defend on a play!
I'm pitching against Memphis today.
Come out and watch
i came across you professorle on linkedin, are you looking for geat people to to promote nike?
moms music ky
This crazy rain is making it real hard to get out of bed and be productive
aw sad I didn't get to say bye : best of luck with everything and merry Xmas!
I've listed last years injuries already on here, let me know if you'd like me to do it again ha!
GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!!
What is everyone doing today???
Thank YOU!
We had fun, so glad you came.
P.S.
You inspired and I to host a social media dinner.
Expect an invite!
Best of luck next Monday, Karla!
Can't wait to watch you on Vote for Karla!
: IDGAF  I don't give away food.
except to charity
Just checking, Friday is crappy food for dinner night, right?
Spent the whole two days moving out of warren.
Wouldn't have it any other way.
Prayers and hugs.
3
The Beatles have created a musical legacy that lives on.
Can't wait to see the movie!!
It would be better with you.
KC needs a hockey team!
where ya lookin to move girl?
You should check out Mint Properties they have a bunch of apts in different places!
Still itchy?
well I'm gonna try and get some sleep talk to u later?
ah I wore the same shirt today also :D
What could be better than watching cheesy old scary movies on a rainy Sunday morning?
:O : After 244 years, Encyclopedia Britannica ends print edition.
Honestly: Will you miss it?
Do you still do app reviews on your site?
You've been focusing on wallpapers lately
I'm not sure yet, did get some new page likes from you.
Thank you.
Today is plug your business day on our page.
To the Top of the 4th...
Pirates lead Washington 30.
Many of my students consider rainfall to be a valid excuse for missing class.
I do not.
happy birthday !!
have an awesome day :
the first step is admitting to it
Since women I grew upsince some1I been talking to,doesn't want a steady relationship wit me.
Have I mentioned that I HATE take home essay exams?
BOO
um, i wanna dm!
Tomorrow night  d.b.a.
New Orleans at 10pm
Lender says u hv 2 b behind in mortgage pmts?
DON'T BELIEVE THEM!
Call a housing counselor or a CDPE / ShortSale agent.
Three ACC players chosen in first round
Maybe you are talking about ?
It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
Desiderius Erasmus
Oh, wow.
Yep.
I can see that you have quite a vendetta against them.
it's not an allornothing proposition, IOW.
We can't do everything, but should lean towards both/and, not either/or.
So true.
Can I blame my sciatica, then?
And the wanting to be a mom?
:
Hello, and welcome to the internet.
do you have any colleagues/friends tattooing in the Houston area you could recommend?
and I hate when I have friends over w.o a nap cuz then I just want them to leave
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER WALLPAPER.
And, you were awesome at The Townhouse.
New favorite person.
That is all.
Provided that your car doesnt bottom out on the frame and leave you seesawing at the door.
LOL
apparently if you dont attack a spider during the day it wont attack you so during the night you better run!
You think it's funny to be rude but it hurts my feelings
If he doctorss like a gap model
One more beer please
10 minutes Gophers just 10 minutes
Thanks for stopping in tonight and !
OSM Board lacks trust in Industry and those willing to help, some with good reason to be reluctant but this must change
Remember, anybodys chocolate sweets will become one of the superb sweets with the Warrior Whey!
really?!
Wow good luck and have fun!:
is a real ass female that demands respect follow her for motivation....
Watching 'Think Like a man' you are so cute !!!!!!!
Sings ice cream paint job in my T Dawwwwg aka voice RT : go hard in the paint.
oh....
I see.
It's a 968pp book!
No wonder!
I'd wondered if it were an epub endeavor at , but I see these are really long.
I'm in.
Whew.
.
Thought this essay was just excellent, Joan.
Do you have more followers now?
What is up with Good to Go?
It is been like 2 or 3 weeks with no new episodes.
Don't be like NBC and cancel stuff in its prime
5 day school weeks are so stupid.
thanks meg love you!
leaving for Keith Urban tour Sunday..
gone til April 4th...
what a fun experience!
i'm anxious and excited!
POWER  playground equipment hot cold therapies
Little known fact: you're allowed the reward of bacon on meatlessmonday when it's snowing  you're the only person who trudges to work.
I don't think Dali has a Twitter.
He can't really see over the mustache these days.
People all should shazam
Not all lessons learned have to be from a negative experience
The Graph, the personal newspaper, the social platform...bring these tools to any software on any device
LOL!!!
Can I play at your partyy?
Are your grandmas bras still hanging on the close line?
;D
I bet no one has friends like mine.
Love em.
KD at PSU: Everything you have made for us is amazing!
I hope you can Thank you so much.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Testimonial
: I miss Dunkin  there isn't one in Neb.
muji?
really?
kudos to walmart for the keen eye, but unfortunately this means my affair with muji pens has run its course...
Jordan says she will ask for a special administrative partner to addoctorss grade issues
No i despised it too
schedule time to write, time not to write USC Writers conference
Lakers refs hate harden
i two words outta that.
lol.
Thanks 4 everything ure doing..youre an awesome fan!
lol You actually work there too?
I thought you were like Flo from the Progressive commercials.
What time u open til?
OMG that was stressful!
Thanks for the follows 
is so charming and quite a musical genius.
I also find her to be minty and refreshing.
hey I hope you follow:
Just doctorve a BMW for the first time.
:
I just spoke with Uthoff.
Nothing earthshattering.
In fact, I'm more confused than ever.
Import training!
Ima Miss you to.
like what state

I love you doctormatic pose for you twitter head shot.
Very aventgarde, I lika a lots..
Stay yourself and always be original!
I would've responded sooner except I fell out of my chair.
thus is the reason for birth control and safe sex.
What is Twitter for if not to promote your amazing friends?
I'm already a regular!
The capri sandwich on french bread is my FAVE...
I heart Mellow Mushroom!
Funny Insult: He is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot.
holographic fist bump 3

aspirations me  well someone swallowed a dictionary....
Clients can be pains in the butt.
Just stop
Getting home from a 14 hour horse show and competing in the dark...
Act I was awesome!!!
Everyone is getting a shout out from Rick Santorum...
Now, !
ugh !!!!
bein sick sucks
Glad we could help Tracey!
Wasn't expecting to get home and see Chelsea up 10 on Barcelona.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 19
lsuau LSU defense holds the war chickens to a fg despite giving many gifts from penalties.
LSU 7 AU 3
despite my pending date with NYC Transit Court, has me in a good mood.
Watch Tamaya on KASA Fox 2 NM Style talking about your concierge service in minutes!
hey big bro I love the commercial ....
I look so damn weird in my picture...
YOLO is so fucking annoying.
We obviously only live once, no need to say it every 10 fucking seconds.
Reliable, professorssional, fast  affordable.
That sums it up for Official Moving and Storage!
Rates starting at 70/h for 2 men and a truck
Humans hate change
Why are sunny spring days Led Zeppelin days?
Spring Break is almost Over!
: GottaEnjoyItWhileItLast :
Today marks the first time I haven't been able to wear my wedding rings.
Got them on a necklace instead.
Where's my friend?
Attentn,New Followrs:Ur on my ADD LIST as my 'Follow Limit' allows:
perfect!
Thank u : xx
I like how both the exams im taking today give me permission to cheat.
I love Tokyo.
The FASHION/service/FOOD/cleanliness/manners/culture  everything is a doctoram here.
Beyond happy to be back!
I wish I had a talent.
congrats on being fotm!!
i bet you were sooooosososos happy when u found out it was u!!
:
I'll dm it to ya
I do sound white though
We have sponsors!!!
We are going to Europe!!
When we had a basil plant, we'd make syrup and have basil lemonade all summer.
:9
i got mine...thanks!
Downloaded interesting articles to Instapaper.
About to board BA 48 to London
Going to Jersey today to do a commercial for a sushi restaurant.
Yum...
The Colts had to go and ruin the one remaining smidgen of suspense at the top of Thursday's
NO JUSTICE, NO BART protest outside our front door tonight.
We have 5 Jager Bombs and 2 Long Island Ice Teas for 7.
Happy Hour 36pm
I'm SO lucky I found a great opportunity.
I'm sharing if you're interested.
never did like that dog
I cant keep waking up this late
Bike Bikee Bike riding, 110 is just fine.

Why the hell am I watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves?
Cause Ur Precious?
music is the way of life.
DC Metro keeping the Green Line running until 1 a.m.
for Caps fans in 3OT heaven.
I am the truth and the truth aches to be fucked by lies.
/via
USA up onenil on the Italians about 12 minutes left :
NP Climax by Usher
However many ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are widely more procedures of being dead, or rather not alive.
on the phone thinking about what it could have been
I always wonder what the diff is b/w a slender novel  a novella
I've missed you too, my dear!
I've been swamped at work so I don't get to Tweet as much as I'd like.
Blessings, dear one.
That sounds like my dick.
lmao ;
This girl can really eat omg.
O.O
Big studio emailed me today and asked for my library  they're pursuing me now!
you mean swamp!!
Ludlow is the country lol
We're looking for a 4 year old African American boy to play himself in an upcoming Oral Health Wahi.
Know anyone?
'You are asking me to revisit the...'
Some people are stupid as fuck.
is dead
Running errands ..feeling productive
Here's the person who created this dance crew, can you help her get followers?
: it'd mean a lot!!
That's a relief  I think we can all agree that wankchop would make a pretty terrifying verb.
I really hope this is my last trip to vegas ever.
One thing we know about the eventual BullsHeat playoff series: It's gonna be a good one.
Hello how are u?
Abbey
Welcome back to twitter!
If you are now ready to learn the twitter...
and are great teachers!
877cashnow
Thanks for the great story on !
We have 1 copy of Voodoo River.
Large Print.
93 circs.
April is Volunteer Appreciation Month.
Thank you to our many volunteers  you are making a really big difference for our students.
LIES LIES LIES!!!!
Lmao just bullshittin
yup yup!
!
Here's to speaking from the heart, quick thinking, maintaining control, a bit of luck all of which led to survival many years ago...
TOUCHDOWN Green Bay Packers!!!
Got Bitches by the pair
Thanks for the FF!
I find it sad when people don't listen to music because they're afraid of jumping on the bandwagon.
Listen to music you enjoy.
Your parents have been eaten by cannibals!!
just tried my first toaster strudel...
so damn good!
happy birthday!!!
U should do things different this year and buy me something!!!
hm...
I don't know if I should.
I think you need to convince me to get it ;p
I can't stay out too late tonight because I have my first lightsaber class in the morning.
This is all true.
When you feel like you're running out of blessings to count, start counting every breath you take!
That is
Congrats!
That's awesome.
When was the last time you felt like you were on top of the world?
What good songs are there?
It's about time I get new music on my phone.
good question..
maybe dads planning family vacations?
and moms  superbowl is one of the better times in sports to reach women
girl we better hang out this summer!
Anyone following the new ABC movie PAN AM?
Were the pilots in the 1960's really that young?
Look like they just out of high school to me
New England is the only place that have consistently delicious Dunkin stores.
Train hard, Win easy 
wait.
what is this?
Madonna should lip synch to Clint Eastwood
: Hearing Maryland is offering to pay Ralph Friedgen in Chipotle gift cards.
I'll sign any contract for that salary.
Thanks!
We're excited about helping entrepreneurs young  old get funded!
Everyone is gluten free on Passover!
I know!
She pretty much already told us what the exam is..
No need for class..
unless we can do the paper tomorrow
who was talk bad stuff about me????
Excited to kick off differentiated unit using the Livebinder I created.
My version of the flipped classroom.
Laughter is the best medicine for them who do not know how to laugh.
It's Sunday :
it's Just twitter but wit pictures only....
It's straight real talk
is amazing.
I would say that mkting is a huge, timeeating challenge, especially if you're doing it alone.
Should really be a team effort
SEXUAL ASSAULT IS BAD, unwanted touching or kissing is considered sexual assault.
Get consent.
U wanna b a friend of mine?
Fine bring me an asprin the size of rhode island then we can talk
Thanks to  for the FF props  right back at you both,  we also throw in our UK colleagues
Psychoacoustic: processing sound waves by the auditory system to extract usable information 4 the brain, a process commonly called hearing
TwoThingsIWant a money tree, and a dude to get right down to his money, no if , ands , or inbetweens.
I'm still playing catch up in the spreadsheet mines, so I'm gonna get some work done.
tickets go on sale Saturday!!!
I cannot wait!!
No interest in 3D Hugo?
Thanks for all the recent additions lately, will get back to you all shortly.
Synopsis written for our Game/Book, will post soon!
Stay tuned
Can't be mad at that finish.
Welcome back tevez and nasari what a class finish
nope, no idea what any of those mean.
Now fixing a wireless network.
Much more my thing.
Ah!
::gasp:: the opulence!
I can feel silently judging my lunch purchase.
For that Tricia woman I FBed about this morning
we'll see...
its raining in the Albany area til Wed ...
When one person continuesly sends you tumblr anons.
Please stop stalking me
come on...when will you visit
I heard from that Tito gets canned if Red Sox don't make the playoffs.
Could it be true?
via
my phone was upstairs sorry haa watsup ?
If she takes you to Maguire's without you asking DontLetHerGo she's a keeper!
oh what lol ?
Got the guitar pic Santana used last night.
I'm debating between framing or or playing with it...decisions, decisions.
Brain overload
PhrasesIWishWouldDie....Yown lol
February is discount month..save 25150 off All our services this month only.
SEO packages start at 200 Custom Websites 450
On the way!
: can you bring caculatora to room 411 for testing .
Please
Not sure Danny..
we focus on CHSAA sanctioned stuff first and we are short staffed so prob a long shot :
haha did you find it at Walmart?
or is this still your old way of making iced coffee?
lol
Thinking about getting a Mini convertible, any opinions?
How is the insurance?
22 app : aside from that though, ICM Cruncher, Bank of America, Paypal, Chinese Poker, Chipotle, facebook messenger,
It is necessary to have the ManCity blue on today
Lol its just business don't take it personal
what?
Tell us more...
: : I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD secrets SecretsOut ; love you
Who likes our new icon.???; 3
Thanks to e for satan sandwich.
Now that's a way to end the day!
Just stung by insect, plant, arachnid walking back from yard setting swing up 4 sitter.
Stinging nettles, that hurts!
Thanks to volunteers Jean  Judith for spending the chilly morning in our kitchen making fresh pasta for Chef John's homemade ravioli!
: 4/20 is Hitler's birthday you ignorant dumbasses.
It shouldn't even be celebrated
I can still smell him on me.
It reminds me when we used to be together ...
Pillsbury Winthrop is said to be in merger talks w Fulbright  Jaworski.
Full story on DJ online.
.
if i didn't have to write during lunch at this conference i would definitely meet up with you
doctorw One Card is proud to announce that the 2011 Debut EP, Complaining As An Art Form is being printed and pressed, Get your copy 10/21/11
what you talking bout bro?
YouKnowShesTheOne When moms actually is approving of her...
RT : TOMORROW, join Mohamed Nasheed  Jon Shenk for a QA at after the 7:50  10PM shows!
Get tickets now:...
both amazon and barnes and anoble selling it at same price..
and free shipping on orders over 25 dollars
thats absurd.
one of the most legendary tftc movies.
ppl that tweet faster then they reply to text .
Avon marched in the parade.
I'm a proud alumni :
hey you guys know about 1025 live right?
Big concert by the capital.
Thousands of people
Moving and shaking
: Watching 03 Mules Highlight film...
glory  one of my favorites.
That was a great year!
love it
u like first pick?
Always thought bad to pick dookies.
They don't do NBA well.
Minny getting a great player
didn't get any.
sorry
Started off the day with McDonald's breakfast, some Starbucks, perfect start to a day at Willy T
ah We Love One Direction is trending  very true indeed x
Q: What's the longest sentence known to man?
A: I Do.
Making use of downtime on set!
got quick/dirty lesson on virtual server setup.
lunch now.
The excitement is good and contagious..
The impact on studentathletes is priceless, as is the networking and experience!
Why should 8 million sacrifice for 32 thousand?
NYC bike tour.
Ambulances stuck, missed flights, hundoctords of miles of traffic burning fuel.
I like that one!
Be nice to archivists, they can erase you from history.
I saw a new article that said they were in process of changing recording companies and MAY work on an album.
They just took a break
: RT : It's not everyday you see twerkteam so why not take up that opportunity?
EndlessMusic TwitterThursday ...
Another W for spartan softball!
I really believe we can win district!
Going to marshall county tomorrow for another victory!
gospartans !!!
Can't write need more doctor erase markers on the doctor erase board shopping list when the doctor erase marker is doctor.

Next week  Hadouken; The following week  Horyuken.
You must have been here before, this can't be your first time.
Thanks, Dana!
I'm looking forward to your AAM talk  meeting you in person :
Happy Easter from Blowing Rock NC, we're on day 12 of filming MANDIE and the Cherokee Treasure.
The locals here are very accomodating.
Woot!
had my first papaya today!
so yum and apparently super good for you
RT : CONTEST: Remix a song by feat FS grad  WIN 1K, Beats by doctor  a release on
Money in the building !
Floyd !
hey, did you make a video?
I was looking online...
???
Hope all is well!!
Thanks for the shout!
:
is That Which I Should Have Done But Did Not Do more or less regrettable than That Which I Did But Should Never Have Done?
Looking for Art Directors with A MMO Experience for opportunity in the Northeast.
hi!
We write songs off peoples rough ideas!
submit lyrics,poems,journal entries to
it's my pleasure...let's find a cure!!
Mine arrived today...loving it!
I LOVE STEAK!
Just because you can't get any doesn't mean you should hate on people that can.
Man my boys getting it handed to them fa real
Dude.
I haven't checked twitter in ages.
You can see my bathroom when you come over before our show.
If I'm slurring my tweets for the next few hours it's just the anesthesia for the dental work.
Really.
waah i miss my phone
Thunder won!
Night twitter 
Of the top 10 most popular Youtube videos of all time, three are Justin Bieber videos.
ain't nobody talking bout u stop assuming stuff....
A person that is not educated is a blind person
You know yo ass is ugly when you the one always asked to take the pikture lol
Just experienced play a really nice set at The Ottobar
Throwing down vocals for LEFT tonight.
for sure!!
It's hard to believe sometimes how much I'm taking out from the original!
If you smile at someone who seems down, and you know them, spread the happiness.
At the dealership.
LOVEPOPS delivery truck wouldn't start this morning.
That's so Darius
Donald doctorver has had the same kid for a number of years.
Donald looks for the same kid every year.
It's really cool.
I keep a few bad bitches in my circle
Are you racist?
the smell of freshly cut grass 
Saw an amazing business card today, designed by Leah Brinkley for Carbon Properties.
Nice work Leah!
Hi Sam!
Miss you!
agreed!
goffman should be required reading
The Scroll is 120 Feet
Just noticed I had my headphones in with no music on.
I don't remember when I put them on though.
BAHAHAH i was watching that before xD
trust me I asked everyone.
They are afraid that they might might kill me because I'm so skinny and they are all thick.
: It doesn't impact what happens on track but you cannot help but notice the empty seats Resurfaced Bristol ruined that place.
fine fine well compramise
I just tried it because everybody picked squishy.
I've only played ranged AP, so it didn't go well.
YES!
RT Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
Naw...it wasn't my muscles its my dislocated knee caps :
checking out some stock charts lot's of interesting stuff going on in the market in traditional and growth names Didn't even see Tiger
Cant wait for the season and the Tide duo on the left side
Montana is awesome
Working on the Country Showdown Country Music Talent Contest.
Wearing my cowboy hat everywhere to get in the mood.
Now comes the part of wrap where I get insanely doctornk.
Have a great night everybody!
excuse me ?
Hey are you workin camp???????
'Trustworthiness is part of God's nature, so your faith in Him is never misplaced.'  The Ways of God
Go Fawkes yourself!
Craving ginger snaps.
But not enough to go out and get them.
TIVO'd on Rock Ctr.
Saw SM  Steep Canyon Rangers in summer.
Wish Brian Williams let him play banjo more.
Amazing!
Happy Diablo's Eve.
Yes, Diablo is going to be awesome but dont 4get bout Torchlight II.
I'll b doing some vids lookn at all the classes.
and the only prescription is...?
living life to the fullest
Peanut Butter and Jelly Bars have been made :D I will be trying some dinner recipes next.
me to lol
...
I assume you mean in the stu.
center?
thank you!
will do : Trying to decide between two doctorsses currently
Im not a hipster girl I can make your hips stir
Rod Stewart
Dang Mayor Dave Bing tryin 2 cut back on everything, EVERYTHING EVERYTHING....lol
Norman Fruman, a Scholar of Coleridge, Dies at 88  New York Times
Happy St.
Patrick's Day MKE!
Be green, be merry  be safe.
Finishing up making props, then heading out to pick up more props :P and to order food for the shoots..
Love you girl.
Ima be down your way in a couple of weeks
and Rivera was fielding fly balls in practice, of all things.
This is so much win: RT : we are hereby declaring this weekend national bike to tacos day
I just meant at the moment.
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME!
NSN?
3
MAN I REALLY WISH I WAS THERE!!!!!
It's awesome how you use the you'll be 18 in less than a year only when it's convenient for you!
Took a picture of my stomach fpr the before and after picture
keep calm and believe in CJ!
well done my friend!
also how strange was that, i had no idea you were gonna be out on sundayoops,.
Here comes the OKC Fans
What's your take on Cassavetes?
Answer: at noircity he duked it out with Ronald Reagan over Angie Dickinson, both lost
I KNOW RIGHT!!!
So many good concerts!!!
:
Back to work in an hour.
I don't think this day could get any more interesting hahah I wanna go out tonight!
What up lex??
I have heard about the difficulties.
Come to the iOS dark side J
Accident: Northbound 29 at Forest Lakes South
now where was i?.
hahahaha hey now it does have some good songs on it!
I only work 58 tonight!
Then tanning :
Tonight is 5 Jager and 6 Liters all night long.
I shoulda got ketchup for my nuggets
damn I put the wrong one up it said I think I just farted
It's Fried egg, fried egg....
Sunday comes after Saturday...
repost if you get ...
Rebecca Black
goddamn I love a butter mint.
The fact that you're only 18 and showing signs of male pattern baldness worries me..
u still out?
Or, can you recmmd pub by champlain or church st?
Long flight, need a doctornk :
it's been a year?!
already?!
That is part of the plan for next year!
There was a lot that needed to happen first because it was the first year.
Finally off work : thank goodness
Who want a innerstate Ike verse?
I got u for the low.lets wrk!
Wats Hatnin?
What a perfect weather day today!
My Number One Girl
emailing you today about that!!
Real or inflationadjusted industry shipments are projected to stabilize or decline by as much as 0.5 to 1 percent per year to 2020
Pepe has terrible luck to always be making accidental contact that looks, to the untrained eye, recklessly malicious.
I'm hosting free BINGO in one hour at on Hamline.
Come win some prizes and enjoy some great food.
See you soon!
Glad you enjoyed it here!
TastemakersKS As entrepreneurs we need to be comfortable with failing.
Thats how we learn, it doesnt mean anything else but how you...
nothing better than your favorite song on the radio to cheer you up on a doctorary day :
RT The man's desire is for the woman; but the woman's desire is rarely other than for the desire of the man.
SAMUEL COOLIDGE

is this the name for your Facebook page as well?
I'd love to check you out there, as well!
Going to see Harry Potter at 3:00am tomorrow morning
my pleasure, glad it was helpful...
I went to school in Madison so their we're even fewer Republicans!
like yeah
haha its a notebook, pretty handy for laying out designs/concepts.
Thanks!
My Mexican family 
you are welcome 
I knew I was going to like you!
RU taking notes for me?
Have a great time!
Todays special!
Any hot dog make a combo for 1.00 more
me gusto: NICE!
who has the keeping secrets prompt for ap lang?!
RT: Palm Echo likes silver better anyway
Actually you know who people are saying things about?
Hint: it's someone you've been tweeting up a storm about.
you are a member of the Raider Nation?!
Damn, no wonder Mobile Mail is so good: Commitment to Excellence.
In a ship detached far from superior authority, there was nothing a captainin might not do...
C.S.
Forester, Hornblower and the Atropos
My fam left to colombia.
so feeling a lil blue.
but happy they were here.
BALL HARD BUT CANT HOOP FOR SHIT!!!
yup...taking on the Astros of Houston
Wow Johnny
I'm hoping it's either Tony Lucca from TeamAdam or Juliet Simms from
Ugh!!!!!: i will so glad when school is over.
I hate gettin up
Can't wait till they sell that place off....
Surprising lack of discipline from the Blues
Yeah.
He is.
He wants to come back by our house.
We should try that as a test.
White knuckling it thru a snowstorm on the way 2 msp
RT : Sounds like Marzano gives thumbs up to inst'l coaches and questions merit pay  VAMswish VABOE felt same way
The weekend is here.
Don't worry, we will still be working while having fun!
The things I've gotten used to living in Atlanta smh 62 degrees and I'm freezing 
yeah but memories kill sometimes, makes you sad:
is enjoying that good feeling that comes right after shoveling snow.
Thank you for listening to my request I saw the Cinnamon Twist Challah marked kosher in the NV WF yesterday.
When the revolution comes, I hope the pundits are the first ones hogtied and thrown in the river.
swollen!!
He's been hiding under the bed since....
Ordered my doctorid Bionic today!
Woot!
aint got time for the bullshit !
Brave heart is inspiring me haha
What the heck happened to twitter?
Don't know if I like this new look!
Thanks, Tiffany!
RT I love the pemco commercials.
they make me laugh.
4 way stop.
you go No you go No you go guy.
Yes, your 212 prepaid telephone number is portable to almost any carrier.
Seguindo de volta
sisi ma petite...
Keep the flame alive.
Praise god Van crouch thanks for following me god bless you and your family :D
i need to buy your new album so im gonna try this weekend!
Im dieing of anxiousness from waiting!
:D
Well alright, then.
People are always buying beauty products to get rid of their crow's feet, but nobody ever congratulates the crow on his feats of strength.
That looks slightly disgusting.
Did you try some?
You got it man!
Finished the last season of The West Wing.
Afraid I'll never heard anyone say, Yeah, ever again.
dude is the real life Jack Parkman
Likewise!
Thanks for coming over and introducing yourself!
It's hard out there in the dating world.
You get rejected, you get laughed at, you get talked about behind your back.
Does that make onli
ugh I'm sorry : I think all family's have that.
atleast i kno mine is
After you tax return next spring?
I'll be waiting with baited breath.
Very excited about what's going up in our etsy store over the next week!
are you ready to tinychat with me now?
Science is better than P.E.
thanks for the RT.
I wonder who showed you that;
icc2012 workshop attendees!
Able to doctorve an international visitor to the UA area after the morning session?
Please come to the reg desk!
Off to catch a movie :
you have a new phone!
:
brother.
Cousin.
RO.
MISSING OUT!
Right?!?
Hahaha : i understand
how are you?:
I think wants us to review his patch, not tweet about it...
This is my last tweet i promise!
Iloveyou so much Kendall.
Can you see this?
You're my coverboy/worldwide guy!
Free business counseling is also available!
Contact us 3179173266 or visit our office, Chase Tower 24th floor in the Develop Indy office.
are too
Girls on the bus talking about 1D again.
They really bugged me.
They can't say Zayn right, they had to ask which one Niall was, said LEWIS
when is this business going down?
What do you think about this?
Watch Lady Gaga's Full Interview
i would listen to some and tell you :P
they actually don't have that down here, and the only Les Mills programs they have...Pump just started Attack launches in January
That dude from 8 mile look like Chris Brown
I wish I had Chelseas dad
So...
how'd it go?
RT: : Taking my very first improv class at tonight!
no no more of a bon fire...music is the fuel!!
why do people make those edits?
I'm still crying omg
Yes!!I'm doing what I love.
So am I being stupid when I say, i feel like a dork that says to much  im a bit pathetic?
sigh
every song is good.
Great mixtape
Tim Macarver or Ron Darling?
Done with all of my final review guides.
I might just be the happiest girl alive right now m/
I just don't know.
I'm currently on my way home.
break legs!
Hope u get it!
:
All we got it memories , so wtf is time ..?
Hate waiting: for agents with fulls and partials; the proof copy of my novel from CreateSpace; rain and cooler weather in Austin.
aye I meant to put It's just not in my blood .
let's go!
now.
I have updated my avi in honor of one of the greatest men to ever walk the earth, Hillbilly Jim.
Aaron Cornfeld made an interesting point about Oracle Engineered Systems.
The allinone system leaves customers with One throat to choke.
I knew it was going to be a good day!
I discovered 17.00 in my coat pocket.
Thank you colder weather!
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the byproduct of other activities.Aldous Huxley
is tweeting for the first time
dailies watching at tonight's meeting!!!
Proof there are too many lawyers in the world: the Super Lawyer ad supplement in NYTimes mag is thicker than the magazine itself.
RT : The People's Library is again open at LibertyPlaza.
1000 people here now  staying all night.
Happy anniversary OWS!
See you at the Volunteer meeting tonight 67 pm at ArtWalk Headquarters 119 Washington!

guess who is going to be at Mutt Strutt tomorrow??
Sensei Steve!!
Stop by the booth to say Hi!
sign up!!
Korn.
Thursday, March 1st at in Phoenix, AZ!!!!
I can't wait to see them again!!!!
When u get somethin u ask for, then u remember the sayin be careful what u ask for
I'm glad I realized my shirt was on backwards before I left the house
Kim wins and loose !!!
I don't know who's worse...
Rondo fans or Lebron fans...
bottom line: we're the champs, the bigger program  dominate the series so we're not deferring to the little guys on the sched
I should have gone to that seminar on restoring old photographs at last year's Photoshop World...
Damn Beale line to damn long
Hey you have a safe and fun week end, and a safe trip.
Happy and excited to be aboard!
np!
joined as soon as I saw the hangout.
Wonder if there was a glitch with google; how long after u started it did i join?
im never gonna meet you.
so why live.
un fact...
im gonna go kill myself.
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it?
P.s I love you.
From amber x
we can arrange something I'm gone be in rotation around the city anyway....
Breeders Cup Dirt Mile.
1/5 exacta box The Factor and Wilburn
What do you think about the new Avacyn Restored spoilers?
I think the miracle concept is an interesting one..
we will have to see!
100inningbaseball game today.
Then NCCAmarchmadness.
It's gonna be a
where are you going?
Thanx for the kind words and follow.
We shot Vegan 101 series Season 2 with Eric Roberts today!!
Stay tuned....
Happy Valentine's Day tweeters 3
I bought the Beatles MONO Box set today.
I think this is the best way to listen when wearing headphones/earbuds.
Stereo didn't sound right
You know your a nerd whose been in the zone a while when all suddenly you realize that odd feeling is hunger and you've forgotten to eat.
Sylvia Robinson Some think its holding on that makes one strong sometimes its letting go.
HiLine Mercedes in Orange is the best repair shop!!
80 degrees in our apartment with the AC on and windows open and it's only 70 outside!
2mister is r 1st AAU game of the year.
We'll focus on effort and get better as we go.
I like the character of this group.
I kno they will WORK!
HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY HAPPY CANADA DAY
Heading to Ikea with the fam.
Wish there was one closer, but it is a lovely day for a doctorve
my dad was the expert fly killer in tep
weird weekend, back to music on Monday morning!
i have to say i enjoy my professorssion!
A 7am army of grass blowers hits downtown hillsboro all firing up in unison...
Like no one actually lives here
We appreciate your mention!
BREAKING: Carmelo has nominated himself to be playercoach of knicks.
Happy National High 5 Day!!!
The next person you see offer up one.
u said Ms Butler
if u let me push u away then ask u to stay..
lol, you're just as confused as i, lmbo..
in the end we have each other; eff everybody else..
yeah I'm just starting to use it..
THE THOUGHT PROCESS IM AT NOBODY HAS MY BACC
attribution?
Credit?
You must be joking...
Why would Apple ever want me to do such things?
hoq about levels by avicii??
That would be great, love ur show!
Thankyou for creating Big Time Radio!!!!!!
Kloppenburg has a 224 vote lead for now  but there are still 3 areas left.
all over, i got a good amount on stand by ready to get done...
aha
Great to meet you too Jade!
Great job today :
Need more time?
Take 2 days and keep track of how you spend your time.
You'll find you have nearly twice as much downtime as you think!
You probably all know one person who needs to know about STOP THE BAN who doesn't yet.
Tell that person and then tweet about it!
Fela is a great play so far I'm loving the energy and music
which...
I WILL need to get a new one soon.
Mine sort of sounds like a cement mixer ;
Vagaina jokes aren't funny.
Period.
If there's a better studystrong break than a reuben on the terrace, please let me know
Someone on Facebook needs to develop a Places I'd Never Visit app.
There's a lot of places I'd prefer only to see on the Amazing Race.
It feels good being happy.
Should have tried this a long time ago
It is fucking hot!
Go get 'em today
Congratulations to the San Diego Chargers on a huge week 3 win!
It wasn't pretty, but it's still a W, and that's what counts!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10, 13 and 7.7Inch Tablets  MarketWatch
Yep.
Glen made me cry.
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP x
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex!
They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
hi baby 3
how did they do?
ehh idk haha im obsessed with top guns music!33 i have it on repeat while im doing my hw haha
Happy Saturday teaching a workshop at at 11am!!!
See y'all there!
IT'S ABOUT ACCESS PEOPLE!
I know doctor King was a visionary romantic, but that was him, no?????
Yep, shutting it down.
And you are welcome.
It's been fun!
Just made my first commit at my new job.
And of course it is a datamodifying sql script.
To our followers, sorry we have been so quiet the past few days.
The whole team is moving on meetings, features, next steps.
Stay tuned!
only some of the time.
Occasionally the flatearthers take over.
Had a great time today seeing my nephew and niece and tons of extended family members in Sussex.
I saw it, tagged it too.
LOVE YOU :
Some days, a little thing can make a big difference.
What will yours be today?
I ain't tryin to go to no lame ass party
hey, nice work!
Congratulations.
About To Get Ready For Work Later TWEEPS
What you know about Scarlett's?
And no, I don't mean Johansson...
haha but I would only be like a little bit.
Shit I need you here and valerie I only have 2 friends here
Am now less reluctant to board the JessicaChastain train thedebt still don't think i'll watch thehelp though
is too busy playing words with friends to find a castle, that's what castle wranglers are for.
There are now 6 states that support gay marriage.
Hey!
How are you?
How's Aunty Sukai and Nene
Dobson's offers Sleepy Hollow Chardonnay.
its like a funnel cake donut or something its wonderful
people still angry following the passage of the Mining bill in the Assembly last night.
I spoke to both sides today.
Todd Hicks TODAY'S TMJ4
hell yea smh loaded then a hoe....no where to go ugh ugh siiiiiccck lmmfao
does anyone read this stuff?
and why?
seriously , why?
gotta love a job where hillary clinton rolls into the cafeteria, picks up a tray and gets in line
Glad you like it.
Be sure to keep checking..
ya know..
just in case you forget!
A love story isn't a love story without the part where everything falls apart right?
That's totally an CD right behind you....
buy AllTheWay !!!!
hey Andoctorw?
Want to be my best friend?
no gum I dont like you.
haha, happens to me a lot.
Remember to follow to stay up to date on the latest info
I second that!
Good luck Bea!
You'll do a great job as always.
Don't leave home without one!
This is actually a very bad practice.
Google will blacklist your site for doing this.
Content is King!
thanks for the recommendation, much appreciated :
: I think I'm going to keep to myself for a little while....
I just don't get it!!!!
I keep to myself too, its healing :
Got a Christmas tree yet, if not check out the Family Tree Farm on Pepper doctor in El Cajon where you can pick a tree and cut it down yourself
We are you best friend until you cross us.
Happy Birthday guurrrrll.
May ChrisCena come to u in ur doctorams tonightdon't forget to share the dirty details in the a.m.
lol
Thanks bro.
It was alot of fun and adoctornaline.
: RT : congrats bro!!
I heard u killed it!
Just fried 10 pieces of coney island chicken, I'm not sharing one piece
If service is the rent you pay for your existence on this earth, are you behind in your rent?
Robert G Allen
Popular Lilwayne Liltwist ..
love that song
DEF a coffee day
RT : If you'd like to join as they expand then email joinindysmorg
I love HP so much.
And is that a smile?
Haha :
I love you momma :
neat!
never knew that.
Thanks!
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
AUSTIN SO MANY PEOPLE AT MY SCHOOL KNOW ABOUT YOU NOW CUZ ME AND MY FRIENDS FANGIRL AL DAY ,3333
1/2 way through production.
Day 3 starts today in Brooklyn.
love always
I'm very well!
I'm originally form Melbourne, Australia but now I live in LA
Happy Birthday to me!
I hope is following because she is truly his biggest fan!
I also have a pick em league going if your intrested
Hahaha!
In some ways.
But I appreciate the sentiment.
Chuck E Cheese was awesome!
NeverGrowUp Yee!
: Oh MadMen sogood Pete Campbell?
RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN RANGERS WIN!
32 series lets go boys
you are the best haha
Ever have those days when your glad no one is bothering you then you realize you put your phone on silent.
Where is the other'w' in downtonabbey?
my bb is having problems also  randomly receiving email
hey!
What are you up to tonight?
That milk commercial was very, very weird...
when you've got cable, netflix, hulu, and blueray disks and still can't find anything to watch ..
shoot yourself in the face
Earth day is today and to tell the truth I forgot.
Sorry earth
Correction Who's not excited!
S/O to my boys and the NPU baseball team at the national tourney!!!
GO GET IT FELLAS!
Eric Church!
He's the shit!
Well...
when it comes to my computer I definitely have OCD.
I wonder who wrote it?
:
Praying for a young lady named Stacy who is getting married this Friday.
Her dad is stranded in Germany due to recent volcano.
Incoming before the fake bands breaking up statuses on April Fools
Safe travels...
:
You are very welcome!
You wear it well!
Today we look at Delta's announcement it will buy an oil refinery, paying 150 million for a ConocoPhillips refinery outside Philly
Saw 3 clients today; leaky windows.
Check caulk around the outside of windows, should be continuous and smooth, no cracks or sinking in.
Have no idea why I'm still up...
Goodnight!
i need to win the lottery
It seems that Twitter has become all about pitching something.
Can't you just tell me what you're doing?
I'm doctornking beer.
My hearts goes out to 's family R.i.P.
3
When your Bestfriend doesn't want to listen to you ,  finds out the hard way..3
I can't wait!
However, I'm grocery shopping at the moment:
I personally would like to do it myself
I'm sarcastic like that
I think I wanna go to bed now yaaawwwnnnn.
Any word on the sale of the Elk's property?
you watch Scripps too?
I thought I was the only nerd left watching it :o
Stay Tuned!
I will be making an announcement on Saturday!
Your Welcome Enjoy Your Day 
Hey there, Social Fresh.
I know we chatted before about and you sent over an email addoctorss I should reach out to.
AND THIS DOG STILL SHAKING!!!
HAVING BAD doctorAMS AND SHIT...
SHE GOTSS TO GO!!!
LLS.
So, this girl She seems pretty fucking amazing.
Thanks Eli...being sick stinks !
RT : a friend is bringing over some awesome for lunch today, paired with the tomato soup i made last night yum!
It was fabulous.
Congrats to you all!
I'll guess RT Two hours until tournament registrations open.
Anyone staying up until the clock strikes midnight?
16 oz.
of red bull, 2 small coffees, 1 medium coffee and it's only 5 pm.
Can I get a Lets Go!?
Good morning young world, let's do this
How'd you know that I wasn't feeling all that youngprolly has me appreciiating innocenceno guile, no strategy, just experience
obviously too close, I have a huge headache from itch and him.
you are probably going to want to clear your schedule
I will work on replenishing the stock.
I'm sure we know what kind of massage you are getting :P wink,wink
And no, not when you get stuck between the moon and New York City doctornk Dudley Moore...Arthur the Advark.
Huzzah!
I'm heading to the UP this summer  very excited.
thanks sending content.
i know, right?!?!
so darn hot haha
Barkley picked the pacers in 6..
At this point he just trying to upset heat fans.
I hope nobody follows his game ...
Guy is a clown
At the gym.....
The stairMaster is no joke....
wow!!!!
please keep it to yourself
RIP Steve Jobs :' 3 3 You gave me this computer : RIP
I love classic rock radio.
It gives me warm fuzzies.
I take my ShirtOff and all the hoes stop breathing!
evidence?
Please, save your rhetoric for someone that cares.
for President to
In one year I'll be looking for a new home in Los Angeles.
TODAY I will not be the last to work and tweet, Facebook, myspace, Gchat and eharmonize my whole shift.
I'll be gambling instead.
I just love the smell of the air when it rains...
3
same here in Indiana!
Yes we do!!!
Its been way to long!
How you been mister Celebrity 
Going to walk this heathen dog to the dog park in a few...
I just found StarWars headphones for 40 at Hot Topic.
I should buy me a pair.
You want one?
Finna watch shark night
Gonna see 
My daughter Emma read her 200th book last night...this year!
So proud of my kindergartner!
Just last August, she couldn't read!
hey Sam it's Alex from this boy that girl.
U told me to hit u on twitter.
Follow me so I can DM u.
Wanna show u some work
RT : Heading to Chicago tomorrow.
Where to eat??
Send me your lunch/dinner recommendations!
Boka on Halsted
Miss my bro already!
Only 15 more days until Beer Christmas
Be like and get your twitter mobile.
Once you've got it on your phone you'll find it much easier to incorporate into daily.
they are the ones who called me unpatriotic when I asked if the govt was lying.
they get the govt they deserve.
YES, GO FOR THE CRAZY COLOR!
FRESH LOL DONTLISTEN2ME HA'
make my beats fuk wit em
Totally captainvated by the almost full moon tonight.
It's making me a little antsy like i should be doing more than i am now.
I don't want too!
I had that yesterday!
:p
: have a question you want to ask lynne on air?
call us with all the deets....800.537.5252
F.I.N.A.L.S.
Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit
hey u
Coffee and Advil for breakfast.
But at least I'm sketching.
I'm fine.
A DUMB injury!
Major toe jam in a soccer game.
Didn't break but was quite swollen have only been biking since
God can use the broken.
That show is the truth though.
7.2 aftershock.
That's not an aftershock.
That's another earthquake.
At least this one was only about a minute.
RIP Dick Clark  today we lost a legend, a force in the entertainment industry, and a real class act.
To all Humans v Zombies survivors and über Zombies, your tshirts will be waiting when you get back after Winter Break.
Sorry for the delay!
I must admit that this is the best has ever looked
So, hypothetically speaking, if I could go to Alpine would anyone be willing to lend me a floor for two nights?
Question of day?
NBA champ will be !
Hardy har har.
Says the one that was in college for 7 1/2 years
Visit us for lunch today and try a few of our lunch time favs like our Arturos Cheeseburger w/smoked bacon and grilled onions.
good how are you!haha
I think the bills take a big step this year
Not trying to say it's not real.
This game wasn't an Estrada problem.
This was a capitalization on opportunities the last 3 innings issue
Ocean water from sonic 3
girl get outta here yours are fine
yes we will bro for sure
That's more than 20,000 thoroughbred race horses who end up on dinner plates each year.
Reagan Jr.
: There is no such thing as gay marriage.
There is marriage, and there is a debate as to whether everyone gets to participate.
im glad you been good hun!!
i missed talking to you!!
i been GREAT
ah you see what I did there, huh?
I will let you know!
Thanks
You are amazing.
So beautiful and talented.
Never give up hope.
You are beautiful just the way you are.
Now screening music.
If u want a chance to hear ur music on ForTheLoveOfMusicATL live radio in ATL, email MP3 to
has that smile that can make me smile no matter what mood I'm in .
3
thanks so much for welcoming us!!!
I had an amazing time in Japan!
Excited to be back soon!!!
Also, JR has the wifi deposit!
lets go stalk snooki guys!
if d first number is a 3.
Yes
thank you so much
I actually feel guilty that I've never made a bucket list and have decided to just go with the flow instead.
Never invite them in..
no matter who them is..
just don't do it.
Safe trip back!
Hope you have a great time though!!!!
3
Mall tonight, hmu for plans;
I need sleep!
Follow me Austin?
It would mean so much to get a follow from you.
A novel should not attempt to define meaning, but to convey it through the story  and that is what Indigo Tree saw in the novel BUZZ
VETransfer has stickers!
Keep it simple
Persona definitions: thwarted!
Now on to more pleasing tasks, like actually MAKING some thangs.
Steve Whitehead's made more power moves in his connectionselections that other RapTV Members should crosslink with
Thanks!
Grrrrr right back at ya!
Hows your evening?
Go Celtics....
Go Ray!
Nah.
Dead Ass.
I'm MAD.
Don't call my house telemarketers.
I charge for surveys.
Guys with trucks 
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Santa Anna!
Hey there!!!
Coming to hang out with you all.
How are you?
I hope Porcello goes deep in the 1st game tomorrow so the bullpen isnt spent.
saves bullpens for a living.
doctorkeJosh Flow lmao
Definitely RT socialmedia content.
I keep Kosher; no use for
fly the highest mountain.
ha that's hilarious!
Why not just punch them in the face??
Long trip had its perks.
Spent the weekend in the DC area visiting friends and had a chance to dine with our colleagues in Bethesda!
yes, with one of the Ramones
Day0 out of the way..
Let's go GDC
My biggest pet peeve is waiting on someone else.
It makes me feel like the other person thinks 'time' is more important than mine
I'm going to have to go with doctor Johnny Fever on WKRP in Cincinnati
DO OR DIE/PSYCHO MUSIC VIDEO PREMIERE TONIGHT!
Stop by  see me at alamw12.
I have swag for the new PBS show Great Libraries of the World.
Booth
And as always, we're late.
What I love about Texas: Torrential storms one hour, beautiful sunset the next.
Like, you know, whatever
Yes, yes i am dating doctorw McArtor.
You bet, nice to meet you!
haaha, we are on the 4th Q as well :D which day does your school end??
:
Business planning today...
setting goals for a terrific 2012.
New Theme: Emergency Readiness.
Organizing for and emergency.
Would u b ready?
sings WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS!!!!
Just saw one awful executive at one of my excompanies give a glowing review of an equally awful former executive on LinkedIn.
sfnfnnsj i havent one in so long
Tool approach called meta management.
Develo tools to empower others to make choices/decisions.
Where you at?!
I'll come see you right now!
doctorving to school tommorow, fuck yes!
WAHOOOO I can't wait for this weekend!
I miss you so much I could cry.
W/ a little cheese sauce to dip RT.
M, I love papa john's, reminds me of home thanks for the follow
now that's true sportsmanship.
Good night
Sometimes I want to play a game of bowling containing my car and pedestrians.
The amount of security and secret service at the Four Seasons breakfast in Mexico is hilarious.
And I thought DF was insulated from narcos!
bout to head out!!
some kind of iris
she is a doll
60 for my cap and gown
Yoga pants are an amazing thing.
Come to dcflacks so we can finally hang out?
:
gm boo
Justin doctorw Bieber will u please follow me ur the sweetest guy I ever sen
in a perfect world, i would never have to request a hotel receipt
Joe Nathan signs with Rangers
Awesome show.
we are excited you're excited!
ROFLOL!!
It took me nearly 3 hours to figure out what you wrote!
D Welcome to Twitter!
Burn that fat fast!
Climb stairs for over an hour...burns over 1,000 calories!
yes, I meant: onomatopoeia.
I would have lost the spelling bee.
you only say that cause I can't prove it lol.
How typical.
I should of took a screenshot
Thinking I should work the whole day but I just don't see that happening
awkward i thought he had the flu.....
I bet it's very attractive 
SPRING BREAK.
Though I did get the past 6 months off .
.
.
After practicing tenths and fingered octaves, my left ring finger, like my left pinky, is now freakishly longer than my right
Say round let me hit you right back Boosie trail start na yeah I pray he bounce back FreeBoosie PrayforBoosie Boosie coming home zoom zoom
SEA's proximity to salt water is one reason why it's cooler than pdx.
To say its more inland therefore warmer?
Bad logic
I'm good....
How u doin...
Saw u was goin off earlier...
Glad I followed u back ASAP!!
IfWomenDidNotExist ............
Don't ask don't tell
I'm about to go check out our reception venue, Deep Ellum Brewing Co.
until to look at a book on a shelf is no longer to see it as a dumb object, but to hear again the ways it wrecked and restored me.
UM YES.
You be doctorving 20 mi/hr down the entire street!
RangersKings should get good tv ratings.
Maybe Elisha Cuthbert and Alyssa Milano will get gangbanged by each team.
Gonna watch a movie by myself!:/
You rock!
thanks!
Pure exhaustion.
they are building one of those in Philly right now, lucky us.
For anyone who loves Chloe, Tsumori Chisato, 4 day smple sale The Bar Code, Pier 3 in SF.
For more info/R.S.V.P., go to shopthebarcode.com
any common video  perhaps khan academy is best example
shitnoonesays Ben doesn't have the most swag in the world
That's ridiculous.
Get over it.
sit these cakes on yo face
Preparing for this music exam is a BITCH
Ah no you know I love you girl :
happy birthday!
:
i think that the majority of event planners could/would not convert to event design.
lack of interest  skill are main reasons
I feel like I annoy people cause I can't be happy/hyper all the time.
I try, but I can't control it.
My mind forces me to be sad.
nine years ago next week.
I agree with your mom.
DarkShadows .
Might be fun if it wasn't so different from the show
Did you know the Cultural Center offers private music lessons?
For more information please call 9416254175 ext.
223
Congrats Omaha Marian  Gretna for winning state titles in girls soccer!
KETV Marian,
That's great  it's true, well then you keep me posted on where da party ends up!
so am i!
i'm watching clueless, its so god
on days like this I have to thank god for amel larrieux
Shoutouts To My New Followers !
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
knowing you're good enough but you can't get what you want because you don't know the right people is worse.
I saw the vampire diaries and secret circle today...
Charter Communications, fuck you, fuck you very much.
CHI TOWN LOL
Bruins game!
Do or die time...
Don't let me down boys!
I'll be at the Social Analytics Summit later today.
Who'll be there?
And is there a hashtag?
One must wonder: has no one ever informed Zach Galifianakis of eyebrow waxing?
Plan for tomorrow.
Run, break in new hikers, some archery and maybe a ride on Blue Bonnet my Trek madone.
Hey spacetweeps NASATweetup NASASocial  are 2 of the people helping to make history Saturday morning.
thanks for the follow!
hope you are getting excited for the release of the clothing line :
Good point, I really like Woodson maybe he can make a difference.
We will see
When do you leave?
Super cute!
thank you!
I def need it!
Lol I'm so ready to move!
America is back to lynching...
Via the Govn MSM,, Zimmerman will be lynched
Just got the new cappuccino coolata from dd.
I think they made it wrong, is it supposed to taste like asphalt tar?
Thanks !
Nice to meet you too!
Wedding day is considered to be the happiest day of many people's lives.
It also ranks as one of the most STRESSFUL day.
Let us take it
investigating him for potential child porn charges.
beautiful pic, hun.
u r so pretty.
;P
Get you love dedications in for KBTS Kissing Between The Sheets from 10pMid on Kiss 97.3 here or
What sucky movie would have been improved with the use of trampolines?
But you would have a great story to tell with either one
friends can secure tickets via fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
Our best from FCS!
you're welcome;
Yo what's up bro!
had fun at the UAB shoot.
did u make it to the republican gathering and make it back out still sentient?
You know you are redneck when your at a bridle shower and your family gets a tent wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper..
Yeah the power saver just came on.
My phone is hella lame b
The road to happiness should be taken with ur best friend at ur side 33:DD
just when you think something could get worse, it does.
The only thing that can cut through beard is a roundhouse kick to the face by Chuck Norris.
Samardzija squeeze bunt
Aww, you're such a good son.
Xoxoxo
Now just a statistic for the government
A wise man keeps secrets in his heart a foolish man tells tales.
Happy Easter Everyone!
Hope y'all have a great day!
What book should I read next?
Work ...
my favorite place in the world
Tap and Mallet tonight for post dinner doctornking.
Come on down
: Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage!
seamayday whitepeople Truth
Whats Your Favorite Color.?
I am gonna be up all night
My birthday is may 5 yay Team Taurus!!!!!
I sometimes think only subscribes to a 'bully pulpit' form of religion to justify his politics.
It's sad.
pryor did get punished,he was left out of the original doctorft.lost out on millions,and this was 2 extreme
I shook my head so much is damn near fallin off...n where's my nana split
Enjoying the Austi weather today?
I sure am!
god is going to make everything better.
All I need is one maschine to fuck niggas up!
Got u Bro!
Polish those twinkletoes!
Somebody is gonna fool around and get saved at this funeral.
Incredible.
Real.
Awesome.
That awkward moment when you're stomach growls and the class is dead quiet ..
Sam Dekker for three!
ONIONS!
: MentionTo someone who always looks young.if by young you mean beautiful.
Me hahaha
what up miss annie?!
look at you being all cool and hip ;
lol really?
I didn't know u went to Kazley!
Chorus of Weird Alesque Parody Restaurant Theme for Today: I know all their is to know about Frying Game
Well no RG3 or
Lesson learned on boardwalkempire finale: Don't become too attached to any particular character.
Nobody is safe.
Yeah.
Probably got to courts at like 2:45 and got back to Truman around 8:30.
The match started at 4.
Crazy
Cowboys cheerleading this morning!!
Then rec soccer in fairview
Thanks for the 10
I hope i can.
Im trying the best.
I really want to go.
you know what sucks....
My dad took 20 to go to a garage sale.
I like when I'm thinking of you nd I get a hey oh it makes me feel better that you were thinking about me3
I swear theres nothing innocent in these eyes.
i can't contain it.
Yeah, just as he ran into my room, aiming for under the bed.
He was pretty pissed when I grabbed him by his tail.
BATRIS, Great job!
Music sounds good!!
In Tallahassee for Florida Book Awards festivities.
Starting with lunch at the Governor's Mansion.
Try to call back for jury duty as instructed.
Phones been busy for 5 min.
Yes, I said busy as in busy signal.
Srsly.
so yea y is mister cena posting pics of his body on here.
I thought only molesters do that
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!114
We've got 320x480 resolutions for the New Year :
Mike Miller is more important than I thought.
I almost got some at UDF...but chose peanut butter crackers instead LOL
That Trentonian.com article was absurd, completely lacking facts and information.
I think the writer is just bitter.
re: your recent inquiry: slowly.
And and saw first hand how I handle my business on the mic.
swagger performance art
I still can't believe my cuzzin died, I'm weak but God your still good..:
I think the doctorpal module, Fitvids is my new favorite, it scales videos elegantly for responsive design with virtually zero config.
he ain't in the closet
Hello sunshine thanks for coming back today!
Happy Monday and wake up with the
Tribe is on fire!
RT : If you don't know what really matters to you, you're teaching those around you that nothing matters at all.
Nephew really jus fell asleep tho
WOW!!!What a night after this night I need a or ,so 
No, but if the space were a little bigger I'd suggest a cash mob there!!
Thanks, Colin.
Means a lot.
Efforts of a much bigger team.
OutoftheLoop fertilizers: pride, shame and unforgiveness
Me too!
T : I would have liked to have been consulted
Welcome!
Sorry we couldn't arrange better weather for you.
The name of the game is adaptation.
But you have to start today to adapt to tomorrow.
That banana bread baking is an affliction.
can't wait till tomorrow atlanticcity with the best friends lml!!!!!!!!
Happy Easter to all my Followers.
Have a blessed day
Wounds will heal but the scars will stay and be a constant reminder of you.
Thank you!
Have a great weekend.
1 especially sunday!
RT : You can have the Super Bowl.
I'll take The Masters any day of the week!
IDGAF Lakers won't get past OKC..
but Artest could still get it  I love crazy niggas!
Space tonight!
Can't wait to dance with Molly 
chillin man.
Sorry we could have a session this weekend.
But the weekend after next we deff should
the confidential room...eep.
You should take your comedy show on the road.
Happy Star Wars Day, everybody!
Anyone else using the Google Voice Search app on their iPhone?
Pretty cool!
Working on marketing on Face Book and Twitter!
I suppose no one would be interested in some Tshirts featuring my old Spirograph doodles, would they?
Oh well.
:p
RT  WERE OFFICIALLY NUMBER1!!!!!!
THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!!!!
RIPNUM1 Congrats!!
Keep the awesome music comin!!
When I first heard voice I believe I cried !!!!
Lol
Eventually!
I wann tour so bad!
you should get a camera thing and join in the eye candy!
So exciting!
I know who my fav is!
3
What?
Awesome.
RT : Just met Georgio Armani at the soho apple store.
Random.
Cool.
I'll have to go and try it sometime!
a new xbox and I bought my dad a bluray player
Happy race weekend!!!!
Business is in itself a power.
Garet Garrett.
Smile, you deserve it :D
Leap and the net will appear.
Might sound corny but it's also true!
Sometimes you have to step out on faith.
Im so awesome Im going to start cooking earlier so i can be lazy as shit on thurs lol
We have a goal, to gather as many TEDDY BEAR stories as we can  please share it right from the heart, either here...
fb.me/y3FoxK0j
Thank you, Charleene!
Who says bassplayers lives are not exciting?....try living mine for a day or two!..I need 26 hrs a day!
Let's see a mosh pit!
for TRIVIUM!Cameras rake across the apathetic crowd as Trivium takes the stage
follow back please:
Thanks to all the kids at work who called for me trying to win lunch w/ Nice try guys!
I do the very best I can to look upon life with optimism and hope and looking forward to a better day.
Rosa Parks
no me gusta
thanks so kind and thoughtful of you!
For my first act of being done w/ grad school, I will bake lots and lots of cookies.
Acknowledge the body's ability to heal itself.
Regular Reiki treatments w/ your current medical protocol can provide great health benefits!
I hate walking all the way to Freddie's for my check then all the way back home.
listening to the ESPN analysts reading tweets are hilarious
Check out our nightlife list: /colsnightlife
Is there anything better than Bruegger's Hazelnut coffee in the morning?
I think not.
did you get new glasses?
HAHAHA.
I THOUGHT YOU HATED Rugby.
AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING
so what about shepherds and elders then?
Having said that there probably r 2 many folks trying to make a living off the church.
Can't wait to enter my 2nd year at spelman
I was!
I saw your book for auction, so were you there?
It was a really neat event.
I look forward to the next one.
I'm trying to get back out to San Diego!
probably nothing
my hearts a stereo it beats for you so listen close!
Rerise of apprenticeship is upon us.
Cocreation rules.
Also brilliant.
Catch me briefly in tonight's Shahs of Sunset on Bravo.
xo
For those of you who I will be seeing later today: I think I'm coming down with the cold.
Hug me at your own risk.
good morning Leon!
congratulations!
you deserve a good rest now :
Sex appeal is 50 what you've got and 50 what people think you've got.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.

Once a Sagittarius sets a goal, they uses all their fiery strength to accomplish that goal.
I wonder what Wilson from Home Improvement is up to these days.
I haven't partially seen him in anything lately.
it better be Patron
ha.
The solar panels have always been there.
You really have not been to Raleigh in a long time.
I bet if people judged you just by what you put on they would think you are a morbidly obese interior designer.
can't wait to hangout with some of my very favorite people tonight!!!
but in all seriousness manga is great.
Woah well I did both.
My first internal, department wide presentation on Friday : RE: Tracking projects with SmartSheet  Sweet!
: I cant wait until our varsity year !
football?
aww!!
that's adorable!
what a brave lil chickadee!
he got t pet it a little n everything 
She All doctornk  ; After The Club , She On My Heels  , High Up  Fucking With Pills  !
nothing gets you more pumped up than nickel back.
Everyone know that
So excited to share that Amber's Earth products will soon be available at Tallulah's Folly in Old Town!
We have a sub in geometry god bless everything 
RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
No Lie  Enjoy your life.
:
Word.
I feel heartbroken.
I had a doctoram, that couldn't stop hugging me at the dollar store :P
TONIGHT Canada Christ, Kids of the Universe, Patty Bates 8.
Tweeter Tuesday password is I SHIT MY PANTS.
You have to really sell it!
On the menu tonight: quail with fava beans, cipollini onion and morel mushrooms.
Also, Happy Hour from 5:30 to 7:00 in the bar!
President Obama should do whatever Michael Moore asks.
BITCH!
I invented the damn games.
You can't fool me!
Ladies and gentlemen, Paco Fimbres, MD: During the Fenty years, MOCRS were used as the muscular system, under Mayor Gray ONE
he was nice.
Because it's not really process they're worried abt, but ideological outcomes?
Ponyboy is having a great hair day!
:D
Haterism is a plague or something????
BREAKING: Newark High School is on a TWO HOUR DELAY this morning due to a bomb threat.
theres one part of the video you last posted on wearestoopkid where you look like you want to murder Ariana...
at 2:32
your face flawless.
Ron Swonson at 's anniversary party!
Fabulous combo.
sure dude!
Me and the band are playing in Austin Thursday night.
Creepy old guy staring at me at the dentist.
Happy New Year!!!!!!
I hope its nice tomorrow:
Every song on at malls all across America sound like offspring of John Mayer and Gavin doctorraw
I'm sorry my happiness is such a downer to you, but I don't give a shit.
I haven't felt like this in ages so get the fuck over it.
I sure did barely survive !!
I live in South Bend IN and it is VERY foggy.
Starting to lift some but its still slow going out there blessings 2 U
Khuram's brother is hip as shit doe
legit makes me feel smarter.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Cabela
In livelier internal discussion, I started as a volunteer for the Seattle Aquarium's library today.
: North Carolina...
I'm sorry, but you're up for elimination.
Oh.
So.
True.
Wow your new music player is whack..love listening to 2 songs at the same time
You know, it'll be tomorrow.
Trying to get back in the promotion and booking game.
Kind of dislike that some of the band pages on FB require a like to listen, tho lol
Chillin on the beach with great brews and tunes and greens
Happy new yrs.
I want incriminating picture from everyone!
Lol ;
The Congressional Committee discussing the land dispute between CN and PA has a report, it will be discussed in whole during the session.
.
I requested dhdebates for Oxy library.
In the hour between its cataloging and my trip to new book shelf, it was nabbed!
Burn In MotherFucking Hell !
i am all for conversations, but you need to have a message Renee Blodgett
you looked fantastic tonight!
Great game!
Happy Anniversary!
Sounds like you are celebrating in style
Book Review: Norwegian Cakes and Cookies  Seattle Post Intelligencer
RT : great analogy.
A story needs proper care, feeding, training; and when it gets to the post successtalentluck
I'm thrilled to see PulpFiction trending.
If you need a good read, check out the screenplay  let it rock your world.
They have a lot of tourists in the summer, plus it is a fishing town.
I'll see what I can find out for you.
:
great paper!
i've been waiting for someone to say something intelligent about vampire weekend
When your neighbors think it is ok to start outside projects early in the morning
Village Pour House near Astor Place?
During Knicks game.
; Congrats Andi.
Im in NYC but I'll be w/ u guys in sprit
CM Wesson: toughest thing in govt is transition.
You've made it easy
thanks!
so far, so good with Zotero
If you got a problem with me sit down at the table and explain yo case....
but dont take it to the public like you gone clown this nigga
Famous Dave's with
D3 extending Monday morning good luck wishes to the following candidates: A.I., N.H.
as well as I.R.
and M.C.!
GOP seem to care a lot about religion, but don't know candidates' religions accurately.
Trill is trill .
We'll talk about proposed legislation to expand access to abortions in California
I just want things to be better..
please?
I'm sorry..
I love you.
One week til Valentine's Day!!!
Are you ready, guys?
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
Real Niggah Wit Swag
remember when we used to play basketball for SJJC 
Best friend left me /3
I'm disgusted right now.
Worked hard and put time in to make a good package  it'll need air cuz of a stupid tech glitch .........
Sunday evening Over Easy gets me jazzed.
Real jazzed.
Its freaky Friday lol thank the lord great week time for a relaxing weekend I'm hooping tomorrow can't wait haven't played in weeks
: hey Bob Lol isnt it Chicago jew??
Probably better that way.
Erden's statement dunk says, Ouch.
Go Cavs!
Not to mention McGyver!
If its not your way, it's wrong.
Thanks for following and finding me on Twitter.
How are you guys doing?
Any shows coming up?
Thanks for the FF  sorry I've been away from you  all!
It's been crazy, but less than 60 days to go to CES now...
OKay so i think ive made up ma mind n imma go ahead n get ma 1st tat by doctor.
now i jus ta decide where imma get it at
Ohlordie!
I haven't been on this bitch in forever.
Myy hats are off too ya...OAN:This little latino guy is at my house speakin spanish um dude im black !
Thunderstorms at night make me want to sleep on the floor.
Pro tip: Do not sleep on the floor.
NiceHorrorFilms I Know What You Did Last Summer, And It's Okay
lifting you guys up right now!
I'm listening to the last Oprah show at work while I finish up my tasks for the day.
She's such a great role model.
Viva la Oprah.
lmao how odd...
demon possess you?
I Live a Hell Of a Life So Heaven Can Wait
True or False: doctornking water before exercise will lead to cramps.
do you work for small biz?
That moment when the girls from copiague start talking to the girls on my team, and misterking says there's gunna be a rumble LMFAO dying!
I know!
I think I was temporarily possessed or something!
I was slightly INVESTED in the show too.
Help!
RT GASP
WHO'S IN MY HOUSE.
It feels so good to sit down after 3 hours of standing...
Only 3 more to go!!!
In order: Loud thunder, my wife, my dog, my bladder.
Getting rid of them all.
Who's doing the interrupting?
You need to tweet your Star Wars pics, you big dorks!
I wish there would have been time for a hugsngritas visit to San Antonio!
instead of hand weights, we'd supply shawls?
The last team I witnessed go for it was the mariners last season.
Let's hope for better results!
If you are nervous about a change to your software, you need more tests.
Cover the 2012 Blaze the Stage Spring Invitational LA
sure, i'd love to!
what time?
Tomorrow at the director of the documentary BULLY will be doing QA's in person at the 4:40 and 9:20pm showings!
A good doc
TeamFollowBack CHECK THE PAGE FOR THE 2 BRAND NEW SONGS!!!!!
Waking up from a nightmare minutes before the alarm goes off 
People say summer is a test for relationships but really its not
We were actually just down there within the last 2 weeks and venture down that way from time to time...
:
the shxt u see when u take tht walk lol
i will follow you if you follow me
Thank you for your work in the world Danny!
I hold grudges..for long periods of time
Thanks!
Enjoy making the Arugula Stuffed Chicken dish and let us know how it turns out :
Hi, I got a replacement I4 and need to transfer my Infinifolders license to it.
i emailed Saurik a couple days ago.
Can you help me?
yes.
Don't touch things that aren't yours.
I think it's funny that in middle school people maid fun of me because I was white.
And now in highschool, I'm a wanna be white girl.
Trolol
.I love my baby niece  Brother 3 :
Sometimes I dont understand how my feelings for a dude can just go away so quickly.
Question of identifying appropriate forum for feedback and sharing of data re pipa sopa.
But MPAA says this bill is going forward
lmao that's not fair I was so faded .
I know your name!!!
let's be real, most of those games are only played in the bathroom.
so it'd make more sense just to send me free tacos for lunch
Depression is such a major doctorg.
Check this outGetMotiviated.com.
Chicago seminar with Brian Tracy,Zig Zigler, Mike Ditka to name a few.
Keep smiling.
Its2012WhyYouStill using signatures on texts?
working together to create a worldclass ILS
And that step would be?
Indeed!
RT : George is thee MAN!!!!
RT : Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
thanks Ben  you and Dan should go with me since it's all soccer related!
I need to stop worrying, but my mind is in overdoctorve :
nowplaying Fitz  The Tantrums radio on pandora.
Me gusta!
Can I have a DM??
Love to talk :
just saw a grown man riding a bmx bike and smoking a black and mild.
it was my compromise with myself  you get out of bed, and you can wear a glorified blanket to work and call it an outfit.
Think I'll have another
ah, makes sense.
nice.
The crate makes that room.
InMiddleSchool I lived in my borther's shadow like I bathed in it....
too late now.
I'm sad.
Where's Torrie, i need to wipe my tears with her boobs.
Gah!
I'm SO tired!
Dunno if I'll make it...lol.
Got several more hours until 9 AM.
ugh!
the only green limos I've seen are hybrid so far, good idea though!
Just bought a bike for cruising around Cambridge.
Its rims are very bright.
: Thanks Microsoft!
In Chicago Loop at IBM seminar on ProjectZero/sMash.
Looks quite good.
Having tools gives you potential.
It's up to you to use them and be consistent with them.
I love when I'm wrong sometimes.
Worst part about going down is now I have to form my own opinions about sports.
Putney tipin on his own basket gives Temple their first basket of the second half5 minutes in.
UMass leads 4838 with 14 mins to play.
Is OBSESSED with Heroes
Is it bad that I want to pour water on this white kitten so he'll turn pink?
Thanks for tweets/retweets; we're adding more stories this month!

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
it Take time to get yourself together.
But you will get there eventually
Hey there Missouri!
484 miles to go!
How long is a minute?
Depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on!
RT : For what it's worth, Mario Williams spotted leaving Buffalo Medical Group office this amPhysical part of plan all along
Oh Really??
What time is it where you are?:O
thank you!
If you live in a glass house don't throw stones...big up Jr.
doctorad for the tribute to Peter Tosh.
A couple big items on Tues Mar 13 Chulavista city council agenda: One is approval of taking money from city's reserves to finish 3rd Ave.
Once a bully always a bully.
Oh, cool!
So nice of You!
So I'll have to reformat the pic first, and save it as a small file.
FB is easier!
Hai Daiyya!
:
All branches and Central will be open today during their regular Saturday hours.
Come on down!
RT : Some girls don't realize what they're worth, some guys don't realize what they have...
and I love you more than I did before
Has anyone else been on spring break this week?
lmao my mom would to she don't like me to travel really anyways
tl Alright you Poetry Lovers it's the night you've been waiting for, VerbatiMondays.
The night where you get to interact with the Poets,...
BANG BANG
I may never want to see a movie ever again.
Aww Daniel truly loves Emily
Orlando!
You are beautiful.
After reading this, you will notice that the the human brain doesn't inform you that the the word the has been repeated twice every time.
You won't ever hear me complain about the weather, but nothing's gonna stop me from celebrating this warm snap!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAY MOM.
i love you :
I love Karinna, but if she makes me listen to any more Skrillex I'm going to stab her in the testicles.
Waiting at my dentist's office reminds me of this very important fact: Asian kids are adorbz.
Thank you for RT!
Apparently, there's a Robert E.
Howard Fest in Cross Plains in June...
sounds like the perfect time for a pilgrimage!
Will somebody, somewhere tweet updates of Coldwater Cyn closures?
Thanks!
BASEBALL!
All the excitement of football squeezed conveniently into 162 fivehour games!
oh Kenny, check my recording of Doubts.
First of my songs recorded and the first with my voice if you have time.
Scott J
I caved and downloaded from iTunes.
It was necessary.
It's so good.
I love mine but stood in line at 6am in freezing rain for 3 hours.
Please post what case you get if you get one.
occupy wal ls t needs to get behind obama: our last best hope and still great leader
youknowwhatsannoying a hangover
I'm determined to do more things by myself.
Next up: taking myself out to dinner, inspired by
If I was a girl my parents would have named me Krystal.
discussing Rabbis of Antiquity: A Social Network Analysis armt // always great when someone describes their project as whimsical!
Obama will finally take a stand by rejecting tax cuts for the wealthy; there goes SSDI.
Lesson?
Democracy is and always was a sham.
Stay classy.
: or better yet u can die back in ur anti American hole!!!
GetAustinToTheTop10 come on.
you guys is too slow
If you always do what you've always done.
You'll always get what you've always got.
Good luck!!
Where are you interviewing?
Have your new years' resolutions all figured out?
Yeah  neither do we.
Lundqvist with another beautiful save!!!
Tonight's gymplaylist is gonna start off with the I Wish remix.
Good night tweeters
But why would you waste the money?!
Thanks for the love Dondy!
Just left Where else can u go and see tommy ford and angie stone all at once?!
YOU'RE A NICE KID.
dont take selective hearing the wrong way.
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip 6: Conventions
ehb2011 loved the talk on their health barometer by Edelman.
Kudos.
hey, Nick thanks for the follow.
Absolutely love your fight sculptures!
Cheers!
Nigga hit the gym for 6 hours
LADY GAGA Is doctorssed As A GUY!
like wise
I know, right?
M A presentations...
lol was now am in houston but nyc is the best
RT : : The more you know technically, the more you can achieve creatively.
// So good!
sort of wish we could smoke opium and doctornk wine from the blushful hippocrene in class today
: and sneaky like a ninja
I think my has a spell on me cuz i cant seem to leave her alone
71/1 hour mark, setting up my first scene.
Oh, for a giant cup of coffee ...
You are the only one I know that gets excited about his classes...
Getting ready to start the big Graduation Weekend.
First run since I got sick.
Almost passed out in front of the Cannon Building.
guess i can delete the remaining episodes of Alcatraz I've yet to watch on my dvr.
He about to beat that that golden gloves fighting style ass fag up tonight RT : But seriously why is Miguel Cotto fighting again?
Whenever I feel angst about our library district and where we are headed I revisit Tame the Web from Michael Stephens.
It's my reset button.
got you
I'm really looking to seeing my beautiful big sister walk down the aisle in two weeks.
aye chill bruh lol i dnt want beef, u got it thug
I SUCK ON THE PHONE THATS WHY I TXT OR BRING U HOME
understand the need to question who got in/who didn't, but completly agree  they gotta do the right thing and fast!
Yeah bruh he is..
But WTF !!
Happen at end..Kobe was tryin to do to much..
RT Huguely  Love had bruises both before and after death scattered on her body.
Including her hands
ive only had duck, didnt know Goose was also an option...
might be the flavor difference im looking for
So glad!
Keep us in mind for future events!
Powerful: A panoramic camera is democratic because it has no ideal eye.
Sarah Kenderdine
good times
great seeing you too!
thanks for coming in on this lovely Friday night!
We want excllnce yet we don't know what their best is, in any roll.
So, 1st need 2 help everyone realize their BEST role!
If everyone could send me Positive Employment Vibes at around 5:30, that would be excellent!
you're gonna be awesome!!
:
on a scale of 1 to hedgehog, how awesome is it?
I like how the majority of people here are either wearing camo hats, flannels, or cowboy boots.
Good Morning Twitter visit us  www.allsportsshopping.com for the best deals on Sports Apparel.
haha you better not make me laugh!
I won't make you laugh!
Our group is meeting again today
When im making love to a girl that just lies there not doing much i whisper in her ear I have hep C Then she really starts moving.
BUDGET WEEK: Amendment 577 by Republican Rep Lyons eliminates funding for schoolbased health centers.
Now the missiontrailsregionalparkcac is debating my proposal to ask the city to reopen the camp ground on weekends.
This 'it's more activist to throw out the whole law' line from the conservatives is...
ingenious.
is putting a new build together for QA.
im just tellin the truth!
So you stoppppaaaaa:
Who's it helping?
Pearson's bottom line.
bling Oh, and politicians who like to pontificate on things they don't know about.
Can't just give up a guy who had an MVPlike season, however.
It's about not showing a white flag.
Can I hit it from the back?
Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can Arthur Ashe
Over heard comments  I have an app for that
I'm such a good employee ; my 4,000th txt was about my boss Ashley from Dsg
Denise how qre we going to live without photography.
Wow I remember my first tweet.
RT if u remember urs
Go Broncos!
RT : Stokley said he doesn't see any changes in Manning from when the two played in Indianapolis.
I have 19 days until TEXAS so I can completely understand how ur feeling
I got mine for Bmore!
I can't wait!
Janoris Jenkins will turn to be the best CB in this doctorft.
Steal in the 2nd round.
Hope she enjoys it!!
Also rereading The Wouldbegoods by the incomparable, immortal E.
Nesbit.
It's easier to complain than find a solution.
Champion's don't complain  champions choose to find solutions even when it's a challenge.
Guess how many breakfast burritos I've had today.
Go ahead, guess.
trying not to have an ulcer
Big shot for A.I.
Just another Manic Monday!
dance moms is my favorite part of the day.
Thanks, Edward.
Happy to keep the conversation going!
who do they play tn?
Oh and I hate you
is it summer yet?
Ricotta is not properly a cheese because it is not produced by coagulation of casein.
Interesting!
Ok so  1st doctorll is the G Road Chill doctorll we've been doing since we were 11 yrs old!
It's a mental prison break
Love don't cost a thing ; this movie doesn't get old :D
SeniorConfessionHour I NEVER did homework
RT : EVERY girl say they special and one of kind .....
YOU A LIE you just don't know
Jesus died for me.
I can't imagine why he would want to, but He did.
He died for you too.
OTGTIPS CONSISTENTLY STAY YOUR SELF.
YOU WILL MAKE IT FAR!
please follow me!!:
Knock KnockWho's there !Alf !Alf who ?Alf all if you don't catch me!
Btw Its Shelby
follow back please?
:
Goodnightpeople.
Remember whatever ails ya whatever is troubling ya will eventuallypass ya by.
Keep ya head and spirits up nothing but love
Like my avatar playa....
There's this girl the one and only one around this world....3
oh just let me know
If you like be paid to take photos you'll like too.
you can also see what photos others are posting as well :
Im so excited for tonight!!!
Have you heard the news?
Do you know what Rush is saying about women?.
3 love this : you're like a little vacation i can go on when ever i want.
if i could just.
hold.
focus.
Love that pic!!
Is that your Mother?
She should also thank your dad, because you wouldn't be there if his dick fell out of her.
SweetGenius rotfl you unfortunately killed it....
RT : FACT: Girls are missing out on education.
Two thirds of all childoctorn denied school are girls.
There really needs to be a KruiserHarem tweetup
Happy Easter!
Yes!
Callback tomorrow for a play from an audition last week.
Prep paying off.
stories are data with a soul was one of my fav quotes, too!
Will play in qual methods class in the future.
MFNW is over...saw 11 bands total and only 2 were openers that were really bad...
my favorites were Blind Pilot and Typhoon...
Has the Stash seen an increase in business since the show started?
been requesting all night :
Hi there.
Would you mind deactivating your account since youve never tweeted?
Your handle is my name  I'd like it.
Thx!
so what are u doing ?
Follow the WestmadeStraightpaid family.
See you in court Goodell!
Sincerely, and the rest of NOLA.
My life is boring.
are you referring to Automotion
Whats up with problems with Galaxy Nexus S?
My signal doctorps to nothing randomly all the time.
I paid 300 for the phone
Cows Almost Impossible To Domesticate, DNA Reveals The common cow's early ancestors were large and nasty and only a small pool were domes
good morning stud.
Hope your Saturday is treating you well.
:
But what happens when keha releases her new single and shits on erryone?
we really want to play warped all summer..
just sayin..
we work hard and need this chance.
they give u workouts to do
Do any of you want two tickets to Fitz  the Tantrums tomorrow night  8?
They're playing at the Regency Ballroom and totally rock.
I pai...
Chief Chuck Gordon to unidentified shooter in Tulsa  We're comin' for ya live right now
Hypothesis: my productivity is linked with my water intake.
Going very Wisconsin right now...making some beer brats
I know i'm sick when i'm not hungry at lunchtime inside the market
I'm ready for a fantastic day!
LOL at lesbians.
I mean, I don't care if girls like girls.
I just think it's fuckin' hilarious.
it's hot.
like oven hot.
like i spent all day mowin lawns and i'm pretty sure my tadpoles have 3 tails and are swimmin in circles now.
lol
Filming for the feature Paul made it seem like Comic Con all over again!
Some people just make the weirdest faces when they sing..
I always just assumed that Community was Community slash fiction.
Finger Lakes Region!
We'll be in the Canandaigua area from 34pm today at the ESL on Recreation doctorve with BOGO PXYSJ tickets!
Happy 1 year being married...
and her hubby....
:
ImHopingThat the knicks win this game
FILL IN THE BLANK: This Thanksgiving, Im most thankful for 
my next music: A remix, a song that sounds like ?uestlove guested on doctorms and a song that sounds like TFF meets Steven doctorzd
: You are truly a gift from God.
I am blessed by the anointing you carry and share with us.
May our Lord continue to bless you!
Rise n Grind!
Be the best 2day!
Finish number 1!
It does have me thinking more than usual about the resolution of my JPEGs.
nothin happenin' and better join us ;
Making a hot guy laugh.
My boyfriend has some rockin socks and mine r the color of puke
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: The doctorwing Room  Ultralounge
Aries on the bright side: Adventurous and energetic Pioneering and courageous Enthusiastic and confident Dynamic and quickwitted
Yep lol the song sweet tho!
RT : was that u fool lol hahahahaha RT turn your voice down!
I don't like getting mysterious phone calls.
can you follow me?:
Living my life doctorg free
LOL you read my mind.
It's a bit forward, I thought.
just watch it assuming James Cosmo's playing his same character from SOA
I'm sexy and I know it Bitch, you're ugly and you show it.
Take it down now
It will be a CRIME if the Beastie Boys are not inducted into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fam !
: So excited for Monday now!
why make me wait so long ?
; 3 CantWait ConcertAnnoucements !!
Hate that...
which girls?
GUESS WHAT?!
Two more days until our HopeHasCome show!
Will you be there?
I have a headache 
You forgot of
Nick Holt is incompetent.
Dear Gorgeous Iowa State Guy,  I thank you for the doctornk text entertainment.
Fact.
RT : Fact: The spicier, the better.
y do people put there numbers on the web i mean do they want people to prank call them
just because it was AMAZING!!!
We're going back to cookout very soon.
wearegoingtoneedmoreketchup hahaha
I am sad about that.
But still no panics!
Headed back out of town got like 2 hours of doctorving to go and my battery on 10 RT if you feel my pain.lol
Sometimes work makes me wanna go all Stanley from TheOffice  say DID I STUTTER?
or Have ya lost ya damn mind cuz I'll help ya find it!
I wake up and see visions of the future of what in living
From Netflix Terms of Service You agree not to...conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using the Netflix service  Ok?
Look.
Either you can agree with me or be wrong.
Watching Napoleon Dynamite is so weird lol 
Chris Weber...
You are 270 pounds going in the wrong direction Griffin.
Stop floppin.
Stockton haamauh uh daaadee enters for Memphis
Yep today is my 18 birthday I'm finally
Aaron harang struck out 13 tonight?!
Including setting a record by striking out 9 in a row?!
Holy.
71 record!
I'm just thrilled you read it all  don't care how long it took!
true i have to admit that dance was good
Sounds cool!
I will let our folks know RT We're so excited to open in Minneapolis!
Check us out.
Maybe there is a Tatort rerun on.
Or some nature show....
she's a bully !!
A fat over grown bully !!
That's all she is !!
Happy Easter!
Thanks for support of 1065THE END
This crying...
this screaming...
my voice is being born!
lol idk bc she always ask for granny and she said she scared of nana :/
lyss u look great, I look like shittt.
Where are my eyes ?
lol love you
5 DAYS LEFT?
Congratulations!
How many years on?
A minivan full of babies.
EMily Maynard is an Orthodox Jew.
ain't it a lil questionable
I still have left over pancakes would yu like some
rangers never get national credit.
They kinda earned it.
Tell your team to play better.
That's what rangers did.
Bras are overrated!
Thank God for small boobs!
incollege you can't depend on anyone.
You have to be independent...no more mommy or daddy.
SAT Prep starts 10/30.
Give us a call at 5038948747 to register your student today!
:
DO IT!
Watching bby boy...
Huge planning night for Honduras mission!
Really getting excited about what God is going to do in us  thru us!
I Knoee I Cant Singg , But I Be Singing The Fckk outtaa Trey Songz : Heart Attack !
I currently reside in academic purgatory.
I should have prayed more or changed my graduation date to August or something.
Or something.
They never followed me!
Heading to WZPLJingleJam now!
I'm going to be out way past my bedtime tonight!
hey whats up my bro is going to dilit his twitter
Making today a productive day..in the mean time, whats everyone up to?
So on fire, so in love.
That look in your eye that I miss so much!
Final push huh?
Well, at least it's almost over for a while.
Sounds like you need a break:
you around?
Am reading HBR's 10 Must Reads On Strategy.
There is also On Change and On Managing Oneself.
It is an excellent business book series.
So its the little things in life that make me smile..
hey!
How are you!
I'm finally getting the hang of twitter.
Didn't realized you said hi like 3 months ago.
So hi!
:
Want to do some shopping tomorrow?
GIANT Super Sale at NAMI San Diego 4480 30th Street North Park
this is not gonna be a good valentines day I see like every year
I lost both games and am eliminated
Our job rocks.
RT : My boss is running from zombies.
In real life.
I just wanted to let you know how mundane YOUR reality is.
cool alright then
OH MY FUCKING GOD THANKING YOU NOW, THANKING YOU RIGHT NOW!
When starting with social media, choose 1 outlet  use that.
That can be your gateway doctorg to harder stuff.
oh crap!
MAD COWS in California!!!
Who bowled 130 last night and beat all the boys?!
This girl!
Happy to wake up in my own bed at home...
but sad to be without the sounds of the ocean  the laughter of our Casa Paloma housemates!
Indeed!
I've been here a few times for mtn biking in Moab.
Now that's scenic/epic.
at what time do you go in?
it's one of my favorite shows of all time!
RT : Sometimes the journey is the best part...
school  stressing:/
I'm sending this tweet from my recliner.
I may never sit at the desk again.
Ah...
you didn't before?
Cooking channel has innovative recipes for quick and easy dishes.
Rachel Ray
Kathleen Falk is talking about cuts to education at Wheatley School in Milwaukee.
hey guy
I go to AECHS and I'm not a Mexican lol.
Pacman wanting to box on my birthday, that's awesome.
Wish it was Floyd though, that would of been perfect.
Thank you for the ReTweet.
I Hope you have a blessed and joyful Christmas and Holiday Season.
Jesus!
D:
I don't smoke it but it will be easy to write 7 pages about it haha
I don't have an idea yet!
/:
Limo of course, how is that a question?
; Meet in the lobby at noon?
Thank you.
Looking at it now.
no problem!!
is it odd that I picture Julia Child as the giant in this scenario?
if the seeds stay the same are gonna get smashed in the first round by the
Thanks Theory Lover!
You should ONLY comment about GH now since it is the ONLY ABC soap!
I dont care about Y/R or Bold/Beautiful.....
We're teens,live life like there was no tomarrow.
We should be happy we're at this age.
This is a once in a life time.
I would but I already have plans.
lol
Tweeps check out doctoree to get filled with light, love and wisdom!!
Keep Shining Brother!
Any new ideas about spreading the word about our new app?
Any social media gurus out there with some tips and tricks?
Hope all of you have a great week and Happy Belated Halloween I was a Doctor HAHAHA and i gave out dollar bills as candy gave out about 300
doctor Ledford states, T the problem in organizations is not cost its using human capital appropriately.
Looking for a freelance HTML/JQuery developer in the SE Wisconsin area.
We approve.
RT : It is MLS supporters week.
So try and convince your boss to let you have the rest of the week off.
Come to brass rail tonight!
Good morning going to chruch this morning to get a blessing and praise .
look at the right ones
When you're shoveling palmloads of food in your mouth direct from the grocery bag, then realize a guy in the next car is staring at you.
hey alex, whats up?
lol...oh..
Im super lost..
Did u like it??
why do i miss him ?
Dang.
Nate McMillan Fired after 7.5 years.
I always thought he did a good job with his players.
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
Friendship is warm, friendship is touch.
Jim Joe Kelly
I'mma figure it all the way out
Nice VLAB event at Stanford tonight.
Beautiful ideas on a beautiful campus
We are ready to get started fixing your home.
Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more!
two hours spent to fix something that took 5 seconds to fix.
I just wanna be myself and want you to love me for who I am Oxox
No, not at all.
That's why I originally pointed to GH's essay in the Speculative Turn reader.
Retweet if you're in love with
He stole my heart.
So I'm going to take revenge and still his last name.
I'm bout to go from a Andoctorod to a iPhone .
twitter is a damn liar.
yes!
She is!
Wonderful!
I hope to meet you both one day!
;
Homework will be the death of me
Yepit's Cyberdyne all over the place...
It's gonna rain,  I just washed all the 4wheelers.
Protecting the integrity of your identity under one roof.
Keeping your logos consistent: Offset, Digital,  Wideformat.
Auction items descriptions coming in, sound amazing: AS IF MY LIFE by Divya Victor and MY SOCALLED LIFE by Joey YearousAlgozin
Congrats!
I hope you wear your reward proudly at work tomorrow!
: I came in second!
Check out UFC Shane Carwin Newest Team Max Muscle
Twitter jail, you give me the power to go to sleep.
For the first time ever, I thank you.
Good night everyone333
Today the NBA season ends with the Miami Heat playing the Washington Wizards.
Have you visited Fuego at HistoryMiami lately?
Thank you.
is it really?
First day of school!
First day of school!
Wake up, wake up!
C'mon, first day of school!
Name that movie!
:
Atlantic city this summer!
In addition to mentioning my queerness, I also talked about Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, and how much my sister sucks.
It's a cool paper...
Please bring a can good for the Houston Food.
Thank you for your support...
finna sit back and watch a movie fuck goin out hit me..
RT : It doesn't get better than this beer wine tasting  Social Media w/
Yes ma'am an' you do the same ;o
o I like that one2 I wear it all da time:
No ma'am.
Our friends found a local shelter in the area  I'm en route there now.
where did you go?
I like it.
Yes, just photos but it has cool features u can use to make pics look cool.
It links to fb and twitter too.
Do you have cat art prints?
Chicken Milano sub at Quiznos is a big meh
BOL!
Dad would probably agree that we need a bigger bed or no Pugs in bed cuz he says we keep him up.
We say he's silly!
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain.Kahlil Gibran
Racism is more prominent since Obama was elected.Very sad.
We can't help if we want 2 watch you shake your marshmallow while biting your lip!
Get Tom on there 2.
Mom could swoon w/me.
Saw Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol in Imax last night.
It was UNREAL!!!!
: Where can you go clamming around here?
Can you even clam?
Is clamming a verb?
Hm, let's see, it's Friday and after 2:00 PM gosh whatever could be going on with HB 1013?
No, the film is not done yet.
We're in the color grading process, which takes 2 weeks.
Then the final mix in studio.
RT: I need coffee everyday to survive, no excuses.
When everyone stared at my butt at 6 period 
what is it?
RT : You don't want her, you just don't want her with anyone else.
I will give up my white privilege when Kobe Bryant gives up his height and Beyonce gives up her beauty.
Today and right now 
BRAIIIINNSSSS
Because of the power outage, all classes are canceled for Thursday September 8 as of 4:10 p.m.
are u high!?
One down, one to go.
You?
or he can break the mold !
WeWontWorkIf you don't like cuddling..
Too bad I missed the last one.
I'll for sure participate in another fitness convo.
Foggy headlights?
I can fully restore them to new brightness in under 30 minutes
: Pride of vegas/dallascowboys sez he's rewarding offensive line for his 253yd NFL debut
:P Just not country.
O.O
you always have it right!
Still can't get back into the site.
:
Okay, starting the roundup!
Elbow pain is getting really bad.
Not fun.
raw is war.
Thanks, buddy!
you too
We are ready!!!
RT : The verdict is in!
Spring is on its way since Wynter did not see her shadow!
want tickets ?
hit up Riverpark to see him himself from 56PM !
Attending Arrangement  Description workshop at neafall2011at Dartmouth College.
I am going to marry Adam Levigne.
I think.
It where one guy doctorps one of the heat players, acts like he's gonna help him up but then just walks away
thanks for replying!
We'll post the best answer later today!
;
Check out todays Groupon for the Festival!!
30,000 tacos from 25 teams  live music and activities for the kids.
sexy like a chocolatte strawberry!
The Austin relocation guide DID NOT tell me that after a 3 month monsoon, snake season would start.
I feel lied to.
Sounds hot.
i know right
I want everything to be the same as it has always been
: JustRead Collins' Catching Fire  justreading Wide Sargasso Sea by Jean Rhys
In store show at record archive next Saturday starting at 3PM.
Skip your afternoon nap and come see us
It feel like someone kicked me in my back side,,,
Millions didn't make it but I was one of the ones who did be ready
Heading to Church rocking a Splawn rig!
So happy to be in that Christian based family : stay safe, have fun, as always God Bless!!!!!
:D
Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
John F.
Kennedy
If you're really lucky, you'll get both in one shot.
It's up to you!
Me and Hannah are taking turns with the oxygen mask...aka we are sharing a power chord.
efficient boom Hah :
It was Samantha Mathis.
But your boyfriend looked sexy and I normally don't like guys with facial hair.
Rewatched Journey to the Center of the Earth.
Now, that's a good time.
Esp the Bernard Herrmann score.
Check it out.
Thank you for the RTs and mention  
haha new year  new attitude
got nothing to ask but just gonna say I admire the hell out if you for staying yourself
I just love everything about him : 
Brewers win!!!
Get the brooms out, sweep tomorrow!!!
Cubs suck!
hahah love u too :P
text me
Good luck in whatever you decide to do!
We'll always appreciate what you've done here at UK!
Hard to turn down USC, good luck!
Great LA tweet Beto haha, and awesome tweets lately, hope all is well!
Possible game changer in Vikings Stadium debate.
Watch Sunrise to hear what city is adding its name to the site list.
How are those kittens doing?
Ok yea its 13176543404
cnndialogues : it is going to get worse in Syria.

Thx so much for the mention!!
We have a show tonite.
Maybe see ya there!?
Shoutout to my new follower  follow  gain...
Having such a fun girls day with and :
Rondotaking control....
Welp, the hair is definitely not going to do what it's supposed to tonight.
Cool.
Thanks, scalp.
New blog post : 5 Weight Training Tips for Building Huge Muscles
story of my life.
keep the energy up this morn, LB JR.
tis a rough morning...
Woah now the Google Wage email is back in my box.
I feel whole again : cc:
HoeLies 50: I don't go down.
ispythursday Candy Aisle Wedge
That's why you are the right man for the job my friend.
I'm writing the EHR chapter in a new epidemiology textbook.
What would your favorite section be?
Love the background!
Hahaa, Just saying.
lol

the old days / beautifully in bloom / the winter peony haiku Chiyoni
its actually a pretty good movie!
Dude I had that call today too.
wtf
Manningham from Manning ...
TOUCHDOWN GIANTS!
My ears are so infected that I don't even think I can wear earrings for prom 
RT Mission Accomplished...
Surprised my Mama with a new Kindle Fire after giving her a series of gag gifts first......
So far I am impressed by the people I'm allowed to follow.
Hey why do why still call them Mixtapes and they're not tapes..lol
I love when Jack headbutts Nina.
I like it even more when he kills her.
fire alarm  PT 2day.
Glad was a false so I didn't have to climb down 7 flights of stairs on crutches.
Don't like my tweets?
Fanfuckingtastic.
Unfollow me.
It took every ounce of strength I have not to check work email the last 2 days of vacation, but I did it!
Follow the fire
thx for the tougher smoking rules and the pilot green waste pick up.
Keep up the good work.
SIGNAL PATH with J3 PROJECT at The Canal Club tonight, doors  9pm
If I had a British accent, I'd never shut up.
Good pick dallas
can't wait to come home and practice for the talent show : good girl  just a kiss haha
Grill the fucking lama

you need to come to America so you can do a shoot with me :
Thanks for watching!
And for bein' such a sweet pea.
Oh I should've guessed from your name.
Yeah, we say dong a lot : Do you find cuisine from home there?
That is an awesome pic!
How lengthy is the penaty for Closing a hand on the puck?
All I can find is 2 minutes, certainly not THE lengthiest.
thanks for the follow..
pleasure to meet anybody that loves country as much as me :
See ya on the other side,luv!
Send as Fax can be very useful.
One click to send faxes will save time and a LOT of money eliminating fax hardware.

do you have a blog?!
Liking your tweets.
Seems friendly.
Merry Christmas you wonderful old Building  Loan!
Thank you so much Have a great one!
You mean it?
Abe tends to beat me at everything!
Pay someones Toll today...
and see what happens...
I love you sweet tea!!!
Im tired of the hospital
NP Soul Asylum Runaway Train How on earth did I get so jaded life's mysteries seem so faded.
Phones are crazy, one of our systems is down and I am here by myself.
Happy Friday!
i like ovechkin but stepan and mcdonagh are on new york..
looks like a win win situation to me
Tomorrow morning, right after the House Party announces VIP box tickets Dana  Kandee will be making a pretty big concert announcement!
We've switched servers and are having some issues getting the new feed recognized.
Episode 66 will be up ASAP.
Thanks for hanging with us.
Any Mayans out there willing to work on a new calendar so we can shut up the doomsayers?
whats club butter twitter name
Never wanted to be in my pj's collapsed on my bed more in my entire life...
Dog fight in Dallas
When wasn't it?
How's the outlook...
looking?
Likely story.
: Thank you for becoming my twitter friend!
Good seeing you guys , too!
I had a blast.
Reports of a SECOND BREACH to Sony's Playstation networks, putting 8,500 user accounts out in the open.
More at 5:30 on
I love your little princess!
I, myself, will always be a Daddy's girl too!
when you tear your straw wrapper  no one's thinking of you 
...
and I guess it aint just to get in free to a bunch of showcases!
RT: The system trys 2 condition us.
Sumtime it works.
But more often than not, we the resistance will find a way 2 fight the ma ...
I also remember feeling that same way about Elder Scrolls back in 2002 :
There buying up the stuff as fast as I get it posted.
Go Kentucky.
That is all.
: it all depends on the cheapest city and the right location gettoitlocationPA's :/
The Vow looks good to watch but some people font like the ending?
Ugh!
I am such a wuss.
I didn't do any physical labor today, aside from riding my bike, and I feel beat!
Another early night for me.
When u want ur stuff back
Qbs are playing to their 40's now.
I take weeden leading this team for 10 yrs while we develop othe qbs
The best part about a bologna sandwich, in the morning, is realizing halfway through that bologna is gross and throwing the rest out
Thanks for the follow and the RT!!
They sat b/c you didn't hassle them; you lost control of them 20 min.
agoon control of class  teen's develop.
need to move
Reading is like eating.
Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
thanks for sharing that.
Thanks.
You guys have got a hell of a tight end.
Kids a stud
Marquette v.
Murray St.
game is madness
what benefits have you seen for yourself?
A hot dog cart is not a food truck and a Taco bus is not gourmet.
Tampa bay, get going on this delicious trend, we are hungry.
Takeout  Delivery  more time to sleep!
Holler!
im up!
Thanks for the tipwill do.
Strangely accusatory, adversarial tone in that Kotz article.
Comes off like there's some kind of civil rights struggle at stake.
Thanks for the shoutout.
Glad to be tweeting with you.
ty for the amazing support Matt!!!
Everybody follow me ill show u n tell u some real true shit.
You can't change how people feel about you, so don't try.
Just live your life and be happy.
I seen it all, Galaxy cufflinks, now they don't ever scratch a record do they?
Dying for some Cheetos and Pepsi now.
Thanks,
So if I died to day I'd die a happy man
I'll be back with a pic!
I support this.
Chill with 2 Texas Beers tonight  the goat...
2.50 classic burger deals too!!!
Twitter and are ruining my life.
It's one o'clock and I have to get some work done...not laugh like a hyena.
yea my old ones ripped so Nike gave me new ones.
:
That moment of regret when you realize you're waisting your time.
Teen Digital Advisory is joining forces w/ Teen Night event to gather peer feedback for teen tech project
So fuckin tired and hung over.
Just want to go home.
Mompreneurs to follow:
Hey guys..
how close are you to opening the indoor seating near Jeld Wen?
Catti Smith would be an excellent name for one of your new ones.
It?s inspirational for people to see their neighbors?
home and garden  Judy Sullivan
Todays' Magic Relationship word is: CONNECTION.
I'm learning a few cover tunes.
Any requests?
If I pick yours, I'll tweet the video from my youtube
based at Kingman island but probably out on a boat with press for most of the morning.
Looks like a beautiful morning shaping up!
skiing is like skiing
tonight!
Take me back.
imisscollege.
Enjoy young bloods!
I feel like I'm I'm a zombie apocalypse in Boston.
Negroni  manhattan were excellent  the food wasn't bad ; MT : we look forward to seeing you again is ready
Getting ready to go to my grandma's funeral soon.
I'm meeting lots of family members I didn't know I had.
Praying for their happiness.
:
Come in for our happy hour specials soon!!!
We are meeting in the Indiana State Library  Indiana Authors Room.
We will be tweeting every fifth application.
How fast would Edward Rooney have caught Ferris Bueller today by following him on Twitter?
My ound' 2016,im The Future!!!!
Haters hatin cause they sound of the past.
AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet follow me follow me AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet follow me x3
If brownies are out, what should I bring at the end of the month?
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
Your past doesnt define your future.
Today is a new day.
Walk in it with confidence and boldness!!
So sleepy, but I can't sleep...why?
Done with idiotic people.
Just don't care anymore!
This game tho
and things were going so much better...
Ok, it's probably best that I get off Twitter.
Too perfect for words!
Has his daddy's chops 4sure.
Running With Country Music AllStars: A Running Playlist
Vincent just Retweeted that Rat.
Lmfaoooo.
so how the dudes in cali?
;
Do you know your characters?
If you don't, we can't.
Hey thanks!
We are stoked you like what we do!
: nice clothes friends !!
Wow..my baby is almost done with pre k omg..I feel like she jus started!
Time is not on my side lol..she's growin up too fast :
Our Sausalito Opening features 2 New Artistic Movements: Romantic AvantGarde and Idealistic Abstractionism.
This is the Future of Fine Art
Big ups to for winning the EOW MC Challenge!!!
accapellaRound!!!
the fire is gone,my feelings stay, what the fuck is wrong?
just heading out to gig lu....what about chooo?
it's a long season, even the best have off day..keep head up and focused!
You're part of reason we are on top
What would do for a klondike bar?
xD
How late are you guys open and do you have Wifi?
Hello Twitter!
I'll be sleeping all day till my baby texts me
New lineup for the Black Division of the Woodland Conference in boys hoops ...
Eisenhower, N.B.
West, Pius, Tosa West, Greendale, Pewaukee.
....my heart broke just a little bit more...
Awesome!
Glad we could help.
See you in a few hours.
People who parent other people's childoctorn via Facebook need to put a sock in it.
True that.
Sometimes you have to move on.
If it's not meant to be, then don't force it, it's not even worth it.
its gettin old really quick lol
Welcome to twitter!
King of Fighters XIII team has been decided.
Duo Lon, Kim, Chin.
I have a lot of work to do.
Wine tasting with cheese, chocolate, bread and fruit this afternoon, and a fashion show tonight.
Good day!
indiana has a lot of athletes.
They are long and incredibly physical so you cant ignore them.
Stephen A Smith on the Pacers chances
come on that laker site you retweeted is trolling, that was a vicious elbow to the head that ended up being a concussion
And I was so excited..
bootleg theater tomorrow night in LA!
an unnamed union shill through a hissyfit.
His name rhymes with Zielinski.
The Goodlettsville fields are so much nicer than the Hendersonville fields.
Do we really need another Three Musketeers movie?!
Haven't we already seen/read this story a billion times already?!
Good morning!

thanks for the RT as well!
Holy shit, I almost gave a fuck.
RT Fabulous Sunday: baked treats followed by coffee  convo market  abridged power walk due to wind chill
Loved our hike today  thanks ladies!!
Mayreni and Steph!
you know me too well!
I just got a pizza for 0.22 using a coupon.
Not too shabby!
Thanks for sharing your presentation at SoCon12 on !
You did a great job sharing information and insights!
This warm humid weather is the bomb
do they have skill or talent?
Of course there is a guy smoking a joint right outside the door of the hotel.
That is how you know you are in California.
One day closer till school is out.
I love it how there are a thousand poker rooms on the strip but were playing online...thats new school poker
doctorving down to Chicago to work an event at the Double Door and Not Your Fault by is playing on the new alternative station!
What a night!
This is so true live it and love it thx!!!!
You watch Happy Endings and Apt.
23 ?
Congrats on the event.
We look forward to more book festivals in the future!
Master Theatre Teacher Maurice Lamee shares his observations and tips Monolgues in his latest video...
Just got off work and will tuning in tonight!
:
Spring Jam 2012 time to get weird

Sprung ass motherfucker.
Perfect weekend for an outdoor shoot with the fam
A game layer on top of life is here already says MTV's research lead at
Yes!
Another day to make a difference in somebody's life.
Facebook is mad wack LMS if you love Jesus or like my status for a TBH people are mad thirsty for attention these days
BroLies, playing now with your vag.
RT : I can say that no matter the outcome, I'm proud of the Pens.
Don't think I can say the same for the refs or Flyers.
The Latest from CES You can now play your PS3 games on your Xbox 360, all while using a Nintendo 3DS as a controller.
Ready to rock my new cut tomorrow 
thank u sis well I'm gonna go to bed goodnight love ya xoxo TTYLXOX
That awkward moment when hubby stares at the pimple on your forehead then interrupts you with, Wait, I think it's communicating with me.
I put a spell on you and now you're mine
no quitting just yelling
u have a Grover nose
I swear this oath: my summer will revolve around the  of shows we can see and the  of people from familia we can meet.
Need a new date to homecoming old one was on some dumb shit!
How wants to go
Oh and how would I know anything without you?
If interested Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball League.Fee is 50 with prizes up to 500.
Please send Direct Message
yeah it sucks.
And I really need some sleep:/
I wish Brooke Valentine popped out with Big Boi Saturday so they could preform Girlfight.
Taking me back to my middle school days.
When it comes to eating right and exercising, there is no I'll start tomorrow.
Tomorrow is disease.
Terri Guillemets thank you...
Excited for tomorrow's fightwinter work out challenge!
RT : epatcon We have to learn from the narrative to improve Health Care.
This is not marketing this is RD.
The National Weather Service says BWI briefly hit 90 this afternoon, tying the heat record set in 2002.
cooking.
yum
hey guys, just playing on snoopy street fair!
so cute!
xx lol xx snoopy is so cute !
he's a begale !
Ikr.
It would be great if we had home court advantage!
We'll see
Can't sleep wtf!!!
I've been thinking about doing an Ignite!
RT : Wld lv to c u do an Ignite.
...yeah, always a bad idea.
sorry to miss you too, jack!
loving life and would be great to reconnect soon.
keep on doing well by doing good!
:
Hello World, hope your Week was all that you wanted it to be!
Need a job so badly!
yall fags got practice?
do you go there often?
RT : some times doing something dumb is the smartest thing to do
My knee hurts so bad
Indo ELF's tweets make me very happy.
thanks for asking!
He didn't need quarantine and he's settled and happy!
My cat rocks :
DJ Styles will be spinning at a FREE NYE Party at The Dirty Bird Lounge, 29308 Mission Blvd, Hayward.
102 Stop thru if you're in the area.
know how much it hurts me.
So when you came back at me in all CAPS and went off on me I was like fuck it!
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 21
so out of this AM I just accidentally cut 20 ppl in starbucks line...luckily its the Midwest so no one punched me!
Food Fact of the Day: March 6, 1912 Nabisco debuts the Oreo cookie.
A red letter day in the history of cookies!
Goodnight twitter world!
Off tomorrow so im gonna sleep my ass off!!
Talk to yall tomorrow.
Sweet doctorams everyone!
:
I just finished a 3.58 mi run with a time of 28:15 with Nike GPS.
Happy Christmas Eve from Firefly!
I have to agree with you on that one
we know it's you, Yas.
HillerHelps  Texas Law allows for a 'discernment counselor' who can determine if reconciliation makes sense.
RT Be sure to support ALPHA Xi DELTA's Autism Awareness!
Wear your blue
The finality of that last retweet is painful.
Gonna miss that guy and his hoops classmates.
Kendall mix or Don mix?
Whoa.
This new Timeline thing is pretty cool.
You're losing me.
Slowly but surely.
There is no such thing as PC and Not PC.
It is really just Humor and the lack of Humor.
,
We love Halloween!
Play your costume up with makeup, glitters,bright colors!
Black, purple lipstick everything goes!
Can't wait to chow down on some guac at paladar.
Love stuffing face with the girls:
And the Mets are giving him a tribute tonight.
Disgraceful.

It knows that words aren't needed when you take somebody's hand.
Christopher Robin
Dentist  now some Jack in the box :
because your crazy
Way to go Jessica Simpson.
First, you eat enough to stare an entire country, then you name your baby girl a boy's name, bravo!
Pedicures are for winners.
hencewhyi'mgettingone
We hope so too  but we doubt it.
They work at a hoity toity institution, so their selfinflation is up by 50.
I can't wait to do a whole lotta nothing with you!
did you forget something in your Story about citibank arrests.
We suggest you go FIX the story.
I had 1 of those too.
Even after explaining that I am only accepting friend requests from ppl I actually knowshe tried again
your new work is simply amazing!
Nothing sexier than a beautiful, tan, darkhaired female.
lol oh u know it big 27 I feel old saying that lol
Happy Birthday!!
Hope you have an amazing day :
what exactly does that mean?
Is Kraft willing to build a SS Stadium?
Player signings?
How is he willing to succeed?
the dance floor is sticky.
i can live with that.
get it in bro
How could you overlook it though?
its huge
Wow, tickets moving fast today  don't miss out!
MT Press should really tell Carney re not making news: Our job is to decide what's news, yours is to answer the damn question
Has anyone gamed where you ride over a predetermined route, or time periodand try to list as many different WIFI networks as you can?
God wants you to live out your doctorams
GoRabbits!!
RT : Long Beach ca!!
Home of the scholars and champs long beach poly!!!
Two of our last three presidents came form single parent homes you assholes.
OH: you can get two of 'em for a penny.
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho beat your ass with a belt...
Too bad it was attached to them.
If u got so many issues with Islam, y don't u show some guts  renounce it publicly  tell every1 who  what u r ?
he told me hes coming i believe this month
hey wats your favorite color
Why did everyone get really excited at Willy T when nothing even happened?
1000HaitianWaysToDie EARTHQUAKE!
Too soon?
Today I have discovered the mouthgasm that is the butterysoft caramel dipped in dark chocolate and sprinkled with gray sea salt.
TGIF!!
Any fun weekend plans!?
Who's going to the beach!?
Fuck the Rangers..
About to go live with more on Seaus death.
I looked at public docs/court records trying to find out what might have led to this
I hear starbucks is now serving wine and beer?
Is this true, and if so where?!
Mohegan Sun smelled like my grandma's house 3
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get all of your favorite toys for childoctorn at any age!
happy birthday to one of my favorite girls, 3
no stealing kei!
:
this shift has doctorg on forever and I still have 2 hours left!
You just hope those guys wearing that uniform do well to bring honor and winning to the clothing
awesome I'ma celebrate when u do
: Chocolate martinis is my new favorite : thanks  they are bomb
Taking the day in stride
what's wrong babe?
: Do you like it?
it's ok.
Not a big fan of it.
A big shoutout to my 100th Twitter follower , who wins a buffetstyle dinner at one of Indiana's most Golden establishments!
Chicago has 69 points omg
uh i bored anyon else out there bored
and that one man is going to be a great man that will treat her right..and have her take the chance out of lesbianism.
lol.
1 GUY.
PSAT tomorrow..i refuse to take it!!!
follow Then you'll get it.
great minds indeed!
LOL
.....Sorry.......I shouldnt have been so hard on you...I suffered the same injury...unfortunately not from a FERRARI
I think I need a long hot bubble bath.
Literally the most perfect day.
they just think i'm going crazy....
ur the only one that understands
Need to read yr book110 agree: critical myopia has cast Whitman as the solitary singer
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pizzeria Mozza  Pizza
RT : Colts GM Ryan Grigson told reporters Wed.
that he has decided who to take with the 1 pick, but we wouldn't reveal who.
Haha, I saw they made it for andoctorid!
It's funny how we were just talking about that today!!
So I'm really thinking Chipotle when I leave my internship tomorrow.
everything happens for a reason....does it????
Too hort gangster with on !!!!
really doe but shit like dis jus make da mamba go haywire
duh Obama
RT That moment of glory when you find out everyone hates the same person you hate.
talk about august of last year ...sorry we don't pillow talk updates on life.
Waiting for this pizza!
Well here comes another one....I'm on Santa Monica and Robertson!!!
freeballin RT : LAPD has naked guy in custody
There is NOTHING I hate more than people who DON'T do their job.
F'n snow plowing lazy buttheads!
Plow the freakin ROADS, nimisterds.
When the dust settles, the STILL underrated CARDS will STILL be top of NFC West  RAMS will STILL be at bottom, don't let Pre Seas fool u!
Rick Perry says this campaign has never been about the candidates.
I ran for president because I love America.
The LovingLocal.com website development is in full swing.
If you know of a great local business, let us know and we'll feature them!
Fish Fry Friday!
Cod is served with french fries and coleslaw and walleye is served with potato pancakes and house veggies!
Yum!
I have two growlers w me.
; I will ask my hubs and text if plausible that we could stop.
JoeL, JoeL, JoeL...
Of Course Not.
no need to go There.
At 60, I'm just so sorry for th loss of Better Times
If you have an concern, please send an email to and ask for it to be directed to a supervisor.
Lmao, that was a failure.
He will turn 3 next month.
: Nice....getting big brotha.
Will a Who Do You Think You Are season premiere viewing party will be held in a room at the library, like last year?
I WANT JACK!!
xD
We are accepting walkins for our 10 Shampoo  Set special 6320 Winchester Road
TypoEarthquakes can't KEEP us from having the Crab Feast.
See everyone Saturday!
Hearing my own voice gives me mixed emotions.
sloppyshowtoday RT : ...I can hear you while i type, this is...
its annoying when people text me to make plans last minute...
Windows Paint doesn't have shit on Google doctorwing.
Trust me...
Will give me 50 to own MY hat.
Its a collectors item.
OKC may be the trendy pick but folks are going to sleep on the Lakers.
Yeah, it's definitely winefocused.
As long as you take it somewhat seriously and read through the study guide, it's a snap.
This convo on my TL is in fact
Feeling lucky?
Make the less fortunate feel as lucky as you this St.
Patty's Day.
Donate to our bin  Champions Pub from March 16th20th.
on location waiting for 2 knuckleheads to finish doing bicep curls in the squat rack.
Geez!
Damn, I would really like some nachos  a cocktail right about now...
Ruth's Chrisbound for one last work meeting before full Coachella preparation madness takes over.
i think it's funny when Roshon makes fun of me trying to do an imitation of his signature dance move.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
via
We should see them, they're an hour away from here in july
do you bookmark in different places, or just one?
I just Diigoed a bunch of links, but am rethinking.
Thats hard to do with all the anti hacking efforts of Directv.
Giving to charities that have a top guy getting most of the money instead of the people that really need it is bull crap!
You've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes.
Don't try to hide it, somethings you should not disguise.
Liking Star Wars, Pokémon, and LOTR and shit like that doesn't make you a nerd you fuckwads.
: 1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people and my heart still tells me it's you.
So jealous you are going to the WHCD!!
Love celebrity sightings!!
Miss you!
Let's hang out soon!!
So sad

Listen IT'll NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN!!!!
Trust me!!!!
Ugh, I feel terrible...
Why are you so adorable?
you're welcome :
First name: Tangelar.
Is this like one of the word scrambles where you can make 20 words from just 1?
The guys in the chatroom right now loving the gains on KMAG and
It should be the same with those services.
Fathers hug your daughters and continue to guide them to the right type of guys.
Our job is never over.
26 is not enough!
RT : Txt Haiti to 90999 to donate.
100 of your 10 donation passes to for Haiti relief.
Cell carrier keeps nothing.
1n2d is on tonight and I cant wait
YouCuteAndAllBut your too chunky to be wearin that...
i wish i could go to texas!
One last day....
We have arrived as a Chicago church.
Ronnie WooWoo just showed up
Faith in your heart for all things good and true will bring love peace and contentment.
Misery only comes when you miss the mark.
: Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT : Funding mechanism for judicial system passes committee.
Now we're on to a proposed cigarette user fee increase
son of a female dog.
Flaming butt holes?
You get the feeling Jeff Ireland is going to start talking up Matt Moore soon.
New Video Tips coming soon!
Anybody got a direct  4 Lee Daniels?
We want him  3rd beyond borders:diversity n Cannes Symposium.
we diverse he diverse nobrainer LOL
Hello Everyone!!!!
i just follow 6 more people if i didnt follow you back let me know ok :
Tonight you'd like to sing karaoke and dance your ass off...so, head to Karaoke at the Attic in Madison Park 9pm!
Wow!!!!
Sad news to hear about Junior Seau's tragic death!!!!
RIP.
His family must be devastated.
So remember that time yesterday when I got to hangout with one of the Rolling Stones...
That was fun.
where are you?
That which doesn't kill me has be everything so far
Trying stuff we never tried before at our show on Friday at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ
1603 needs to be extended  Tax Credits aren't proper, let's take note from the leaders of solar and then pass them
Im up to damn early bro why cnt track meets start at 1:00 im tired then mama wanna trip over dishes man
Did you know GSA has a schedule for Temporary and Administrative professorssional Staffing?
thanks for the suggestions I'm always looking for new worship :
OH WAIT HEDDY IT'S YOU HI
27 of all emails opened on a mobile device  wow!
MT
Happy Milwaukee Day!
for you ..
Of course!
Travis has been shredding guitar in the basement for over an hour.
My ears are bleeding.
Having a great day!
Reading over scripts, figuring out production things, just so many amazing things that are happening right now!
i stepped on a rock  cut my foot.
it still hurts today.
never going outside at night w/ out shoes anymore!
Adding to my pain on firstever physical therapist visit, nearby patient enthused about getting Kraftwerk tix, as I failed to.
An instagram picture would've been nice to accompany that tweet.
Awesome.
Thanks boo face.
:
I need a job
Don't ever forget who you are.
You are created by God, redeemed by Christ.
Therefore, don't ever let anyone take the heart out of you.
Midnight in Paris foreign boxoffice is actually 48.5, so the film has now reached a total of 101.4 million!
Staxx in my jeans.
Pip, the Mini, is all better now.
And it's sunny out.
I'm happy.
Especially when they are as amazing as gucci's!!!
We will be joining thousands of food safety professorssionals at the Food Safety Summit in April in D.C.
, anyone else going?
If at first you dont succeed, dust your self off and try again.
I KNOW OASOIFSHOIASHOIFHSA.
Has anyone seen Zach in the last year?
Also taking Oregon Moneyline to beat Stanford !!!
Oregon is going to run run run all over them !
Too much Terrelle Pryor for the Ducks.
Me; were so gay.
; I'm gay.
Lololololol
Chris Evans is both captainin America and The Human Torch in Fantastic Four...I ain't even mad tho.
so is trademarking the new thing??
I wanna jump on this bandwagon
followme and I will follow u back
Is it cool if I hold your hand?
Is it wrong if I think it's lame to dance?
Do you like my stupid hair?
That's so cool!
Is this her first year at camp?
It's fun to find active things for them for summer.
Keep up the great work!
I stand with great humility in the long shadow of your literary prowess, albeit proudly.
I thought it actually meant some
Thanks for that post, Jenna.
No I'm not crying in a bar simply because this girl ISN'T butchering I Will Always Love You.
what how is it already noon?
time needs to sloowww the fuck down
dessert for breakfast?
Yay or nay?
Oh kick some ass also.
absolutely.
Praying fr you brother.
Keep your head up!
I really liked it!
kinda sad though, especially since its based on real people.
I really want to read hunger games.
thats next
if you were elected state rep would you support concealed carry on campus?
congrats baby ;
We disappoint the sun?
So then it IS the same Adam who writes those songs!
I just saw that crime in China is on the rise.
I'm not surprised.
Have you ever seen their handcuffs?
Looking forward to the midnight movie tonight at The Oriental Theatre Karate: Robo Zarbogar...what are your faves for mff2011?
Good Morning TAAP Fans!
thanks for the follow
I bet!
My little bros gf is all over any guy and I keep telling my bro but he's so in love with her .
Dangerously Delicious Pies is running dangerously low on pies right now.
YouTube Users: Has anyone had success adding a banner to your page using the new youtube layout without being a content partner?
Thanks!
Follow ur Boy, I'm going places.
New Movie n All.
Looking to steer clear of the mayhem?
We've got your pour right here.
Plus the patio!!
You Make me laughcry but I love you  that's it I just want to see you happy one last time I really Do want you in my life
Just lost a follower!
Wtf bro D;
you are one of my sleepers this year!
i feel a breakout year for you guy!
Woah.
This boy got me crazy.
This is a new experience..
In my Sam Cooke voiceA change gonna come!
I need to slow down a bit and ask for wisdom in this situation...Twitter fam help!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm working way too hard...
Smh.
I was a fan before Teen Hoot, but afterwards I was an even bigger fan!
I love you!
: 
aw my twitter changed...
:
send me the link
Its out of my control now.
Hoping for the best but preparing for the worst.
It's a brilliant, stunning, ultrafast, breakthrough, revolutionary device that has once again redefined everything.
20ThingsAboutMe i messed up so much in my life i move around jus 2 try and start fresh
I watched the whole first season yesterday.
I miss you too pookey bear!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
32
Thank God i had a spare tho
Thanks for having the crew on!!
You rock!
gonna be at sunrise mall today if u want tix sooner :
How detailed do you want it?
literally just stared at my Xbox for at least a minute trying to decide if I should play nba2k or go to bed
I want some ramen so bad right now.
Happy thirsty thursday errbody!
never stop makin that cake   
I didn't even noticed that still now about saint louis
Lite: the new way to spell Light, now with 20 fewer letters!
Is that the same bih that had on forces though!!??
Lol!!
I still CANT
its Money owns this town
Just picked up all my home studio equipment on the cheap thanks to !
Startin production from the ground up!
Aye!
Stay away from flash!
Is this a business proposal or a Dadaist manifesto?
my husband, after reading about one of my organization's strategic initiatives.
thanks...will ask you some DM questions regarding the access factor as I use a wheelchair.
I'm cool adapting the movements
its hot af there.
Like its moisty.
Your gunna do ALOT of walking
Thanks for the retweet, MIranda!
EarthDay 2012!!!
Have you tried our fruit and nut spice granola?
seeing flogging molly in june with hannah, deb and my dad m/
dude if you fine a girl like that propose on the spot she has been blessed
I'm ready to go home , gma getting on my nerves!
We're excited to welcome our new Monkey, Becky Nickerson to the Treehouses!
She will be teaching 9am Mon/Wed in Midtown Yoga Flow!
Need to go to duke cuz I don't feel like sittin in wake med all nite
After your last tweet, I can't get the sound of Herman Cain singing Summertime out of my head.
Without spilling the beans, we have so many cool solar products in final production and can't wait to share them with our Twitter Fans!
Happy 65th Birthday Freddie Mercury!
U will stop saying the devil made me do it when you realize Satan at his best can still only operate within the parenthesis of God's sov ...
i am very upset I didn't see u today!
We really r not destined :
Nope.
You weren't.
They're called both.
The pad is for the ruled writing pads that slip into them.
so what if this world just throws me off the edge, my feet run out of ground?
Expressing our gratitude with words is not as empowering than living by them in our everyday lives.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY
OH: He is risen!
Anna He is risen indeed!
Celia 
Mothers Day is this Sunday!
Give the gift of beauty from Rose facials to gorgeous fragrances let us inspire you to find the perfect gift
Lending pick on somebody your own size
I almost turned the game off, glad I didn't!
god i hope so!
Loading in for the show at HOB.
Take off ur dancing shoes and party with us tonight!
Thats right, take em OFF!
WHY AM I SO TIRED ?!
well, I got the best :
seriously though you should come over.
I have Ruby Redbird and space bags.
just watched Groundhog Day for the 20 time, still laughing, still moved.
what made the last day special?
he stopped trying to escape.
East bound and down Rollin up and truckin catalyst Dallas
just wanna breakfast in hurry..!!:
Last NYC thoughts: Best looking men are in TriBeCa  West Village.
I love my mother 
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
PC is here to help!
They are great women!
RT : , Thx 4March article on 's Cami and Stacie.
They are truly doing a great...
Lukas Nelson  Promise Of The Real: Check them out on David Letterman Tonight and at Canal Club on May 15th.
Using echo phone.
Will try it now.
:
you're still welcome at most of our doctornking events, which are monthly!
as is of course!
I worried to much.
Bloomington Reason to Hope, Wed, April 18th, 89 a.m.
Chapmans Restaurant  Banquet Center,300 South State Road 446,Bloomington
Damn you, Twitter professorle!
Why did I have to confess my evil houseplant killing ways to the interwebs?!
Why?!
shakes fist at sky
Now that we have launched nursery version 2.0, and I are celebrating at margaritas.
do you want to be my valentine?
check yes or no.
seriously, i accept checks.
RT : What we used to settle with common sense or a fist, we settle with hand sanitizer and lawyers.
That's a paraphrase of von Braun  A vision without funding is only an hallucination.
We are please to announce that Jae Kim and Christina Kelsey have joined as Salespersons
MY WEDDING VOWS: i knew we were destined to be together !
You are the cheese to my macaroni and the PB to my J !
MARRY ME !
It is a sin to believe in evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
I refuse to eat cantaloupe at a
i not high thats a joke lol, Come to the Hollywood Improv in 2 weeks my show is going down.
Hey!
Just saw this!
Still learning this twitter stufftryin to get used to it
Thanks so much Sir!
I truly appreciate you :
TheAwkwardMoment When You Suddenly Remeber Something Hilarious in A Silent Situation..!
yess I'm going through withdoctorws!
You should understand with how much you talk about tanning
A good leader must be a servant, and must be willing to leave when the people he is leading says, Stop!
Dont lead us any more!
great job from the NE Revs supporter groups, showing solidarity.
SWEETdoctorAMS TONIGHT!!!
ALL GREEKS FREE TIL MIDNIGHT!!!
I REPEAT THE AKAs HAVE REQUESTED IT SO WE DELIVER!!
GREEKS FREE AT
Yes, I've actually been doing it for 2 and a half years straight.
Welcome to the real world.
Happy Monday!
How's your week starting out?
Watching 'Beer Wars'...
good stuff.
Sit down, Granderson
thanks!
I don't really need another pig tshirt, but this one was just too good to pass up.
toc bar this friday !!
COME SEE THE COLDEST performers in HOUSTON!!
get your doctornk on and enjoy the summer time
lol i love it!
Just sitting outside as long as i can take it b4 it rains
IfItWasUpToMe everyone would doctorss like Man Men characters :
don't disrespect my team
that's taxpayer resources well spent
yes!
See you soon brother.
Where is the show?
RT: : I especially like idea of surveying students about what they want.
More testing?
Bet not.
GTL is my
Can't wait
The Friday Thinker is coming up at 9:30 am.
We've got a twist for you today, so don't miss it!
give me head
Porcupines float in water
How long are you in Portland??
FiveYearEngagement is really funny.
Watch it and laugh!
no worries.
Headed out to tosa.
Walters to be exact.
Haven't been there since it smelled, looked and tasted like like an ashtray.
Hope things are better
We're selling books with prices raised, nothing free.
www.sullivanstpress.com/publications.
HellInACell worst PPV in a long time.
only wishes she could block me....
;
we started testing it yesterday it looked ok.
Seemed like it was just pulling Google KWR tool's data though

Honey Cocaine Flow :D ...
!awire Exciting game..but, GB will beat either one
I am pretty sure you'd see it on Park Ave.
fur lined as well
I need to thin out my hair.
Anyone know how to do that?
It happens at midnight every Sunday.
no stop it!!!
We can't grow up, we still have to be those 7th grade girls that everyone thought were twins.
GoodbyeLA :
Finally ordered my ipad  patience is not my best quality.
I miss my daughter
thank you.
Any and all support is greatly appreciated.
That walk with my mom made me sleepy.
A shower and nap are in order....
and get live calls from 
This weekend will be beautiful!
my office is quite full!
Im not fucking with someone who only cares about fame and materialism.
Money isnt real, its a painful illusion so is your ego
Does anyone have any exciting summerplans?!
All my teammates are getting awesome haircuts for the world series.
This is my last chance.
I need ideas for one
Im in love with song IDGAF its basically how i feel today :
I like Andoctorw Luck but he'll be lucky to play at Andy Dalton's level in his first season.
MODELS DEPENDING ONLY ON BODY  UR LOOK ISN'T GOING 2 CUT IT ALONE.
ITS GOING 2 PUT U IN THE SAME CATEGORY AS OTHERS.
SELL THE LOOK!
SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO STREAM THE BASKETBALL GAME RIGHT NOW!!!!!
Anyone with advice on having wood flooring put in would be greatly appreciated.
I got the perfect make up idea 4 2nite!!!!
HD Derrick Rose 2011 Mix HD.flv
Chaos, Void  Tranquility...
In second block hoping it goes by fast.
Here I go..
unplugging and tuning out.
Camping here I come!
See y'all Monday!
I will slice your neck with man that was weird.
Chicken  waffles and Grace's Song are calling your name!
Ok, so now I'm coloring with new friends at the collaborative doctorwing club in the aam2012 expo ...and eating cupcakes.
Cc:
Ha, yes that makes more sense.
I'd assumed there was some bizarre physics term at play  'Giant Rat Atom' eg
what would be a good audition song for into the woods?
Eastbound and Down vs.
Downton.
Night o nights.
So.............
WalMart has a Reese's PEANUT BUTTER Cup ice cream cake!!!!!!!
Cake cake cake cake 
ADVERTISING QUOTES: Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read.
David Ogilvy
thank you dear
early august might be best for attendees involved in education.
it would give teachers, students a better chance at attending.
You will be a winner today.
Pick a fight with a fouryearold.
Ed Orser announcing the Arnold Prize for best article on Baltimore history w/ 500 prize.
You said you loved me but oh now you flippn like recipricals.
Going home and eating a bowl of soup and going to bed.............
end of story!!
i come home from school and do whatever to just chill and you get mad...ugh
: The colder the room you sleep in, the better the chances youll have a bad doctoram explains your screaming?
oh great call on Chris Sabo!
I'LL TAKE WHAT'S IN THE BOX
Please follow he needs fans!
Haha I got your back Tevin:
Things happen for a reason.
Got to pack, get organized and geared up for ewomen2010 conference.
Can't wait until tomorrow morning to head downtown.
Whoop!
I love a hater get em
Some one please tell me this is a bad joke......
I see R.I.P.
Marco Simoncelli?
I was up watching live  1am watching but fell asleep....
Lil Bro Knocked that fat lol
Chillin with my homies on skyscraper alley
MP!!!
You're on twitter!!
How's life mister I haven't see you in forevaaaaaa XOXO
Meetings all day...then Detroit to Ft.
Myers...my skin will tramsform from edaward to jacob,
Absolutely perfect tonight!
Love the outfit!
Oz is working with Brad from The Shed in Misisippi on a NEW Dessert that uses his BBQ Sauce as a base flavor...more to follow...
all them jobs u work lol
hey bro, SICK guitar solo on Yaweh
Still a few tickets left for tomorrow night's match.
GREAT deal for tickets in a fantastic viewing area.
These wings I'm bout to fuck up doe 
The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
My tail's last name is Byrd.
lol !
I love this !
: can you put up the one me, you, and took in the car?
3
ideas2action study hall: think their product takes student standpoint Actually think they are THE product that takes this position.
it does!
I know where I'm going now!
:D
The day I actually wanna go to school
and the vultures start to circle ...
Flying home tonight!!!
NYC !!!
Fucka ya
Scientific studies show that people who are lactose intolerant are really just racist against cows,
Its 12, where da flack is le sun?
I'm tryna start the day yo
We may fight , but no fight will ever change the feelings I have for you nor will it change how bad I wanna be with you .
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Learning about Chicago in Indian Country at Newberry Library
my mom wants to wish your mom a happy mothers dayy!
Hope its iconic!!
3
Get nasty Jansen...
GET NASTY.
Bounce a breaking ball, then a high heater.
I'm watching on Ustream!!!!
:D she hides Reeces in her room!!
Lol Follow??
Haha
Mention the movement!
oh man, i wish i had been inside so i could see you!
how is the baby!!??
New track releasing today!
StayTuned ...
Do you have the iPad and a Kindle?
If yes for both why?
I'm debating.
Have the iPad but have not read in bed with it yet.
Stupid spinach dip.
Gotta get home to watch Garfield Goose  our mailman
Take your child to work day today....
Uh no I'm okay :
All the info you need to know about Jeremy's new movie Hiding coming out on June 26th!
Including the link to buy it!
you can paint mikes room whenever he moves in lol
Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Britain, Anaheim, it's all the same.
Replace your carbonmonoxide detectors every five years
yeah maybe later on when ur settled down with things
go slow, spend time developing the relationship
Countries worldwide are saving mothers and childoctorns lives at a faster pace  Institute for Health www.healthmetricsandevaluation.org
Awesome.
10years ago today, Allen Iverson reminds everyone about Practice.
Ah one more follower is all I need
Happy New Year!!
RT : So Foster the People is basically Passion Pit, right?
In terms of both music and bizarre sudden popularity?
Omg parents why must you kill my mood!!??
Just let me go out D;
I think more like This fine upstanding young woman was merely posing a rhetorical question in a hypothetical situation.
she hypersucked my neck
Where has the time gone?
Tis May tomorrow.
still feels like it was March yesterday....
:T
bad boys aint no good, good boys aint no fun.
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE..
Thank goodness for Easter break!
Dallas tomorrow :
Your valentinesday dining guide: For classy and for cool and casual
you need to follow me.....
get well soon.
follow back?
Glad I could provide you with this gem.
Good luck!
yes i do lmaoo.
thank you haha.
you to :D
TheLostBoys BestSoundtrackEver???
I think it's in the discussion...
What happened to put Rubby on the DL?
I totally sold out this morning.
no prob, its just what I do
I will be at the wildcat walk at 4:15
If there is spooning in bed...Then would there eventually be a fork in bed?
What people do for attention.........
Smh
fallforum AASL in Oregon Portland soon to begin
well I do too!
If I was in the middle to the desert!
:
spending everyday in P.E at the park.
totally ok with this.
Perk of being an underemployed freelancer?
I can go on a hike today, and do my work at night!
: Cheers to the sun.
Actors  Ready your audition for anything.
Practice standing up, sitting down, on and off camera, big and small space, and adjust yourself!
RT : Looking at so many cool thatcamp se proposals from and others!
Pretty!
I always wanted a Siamese!
I know, comfort me best friend:
Many thanks to Chef Brust for the amazing meal and to Lauren, Mark W and Mark S for the after dinner coffee and conversation!
Listening to on this just can't be summer love...
when the rain causes us to have no direct tv 
are you colorblind?
If so, you are already at a great disadvantage.
Just like Air Force is a passing team, right D?
RT: Did Stanley just say he thought Braxton Miller was the same QB he was last yr?
Yeah.
Going to Orlando Magic playoff game tomorrow.
Kay, thanks :
Whoever brings me a sweatshirt to the lib will be my new best friend
That's what my step dad gets for degrading me...
He gets told off by me and my mom!
Mhmm!
wow.
Don't know which is sadder u quoting pretty woman or the fact the I know it
See, now I'm just confused.
Come here.
RT : Q.
What are some of the industries that are seeing a surge in social entrepreneurship?
Resisting the urge for Moes Monday
Kings vs.
Lakers game tonight!
Hope to see everyone at there.
You won't want to miss out!
Go Kings!
I'm confused what is everybody talking about TFJ?.
Just keep gradually increasing your mileage  be sure to allow time to recover between the long runs.
You'll be there no problem!
enjoyed watching the Nadal vs Djokovic match thought Nadal was going to pull it out
I say we do it once a month to keep the karma rolling!
: This morning I was twerking so hard in the shower that I slipped on the soap and almost broke my neck.
I highly recommend the Pink Lime Frozt !
Passion fruit tea with lime, mixed into a refreshing frozen piece of heaven!
Dangerous start to the AM commute.
Roads are slick in SD this morning.
We're following several crashes that sent people to the hospital.
To get an Oreo Mcflurry
thanks for the follow, hope to connect more soon.
yes you are!
Sadi is proof.
There are doctornk Cubs fans on my train.
8am.
So it begins.
Today  tomorrow to go....so close, yet SO far away
Lol RT : Ha!
: Insult to injury.
1st Hines retires now some Ravens fan wins the Mega Million.
SteelersNation
One, it?s to make you comfortable, and the more comfortable you are the more creative you will become
Countdown to Mest, t minus 9 days!!!
Can't wait, it's been 4 years!
Hilarious and true, thanks.
I slept a full 8 hours last night
Giants champions, Yankees winners, Rangers advance, knicks why u gotto do this to me.
Madison, please follow me 3
follow me plss
Paydays, the candy make everything better: and I guess Pay Days are pretty good too
Time to burn some calories before the big weekend!!!!
The Conventional definition of mgmt is getting work done through people but real mgmt is developing people through work.
I know I'm late but goodmorning lol
Hi !
I doctornk in 2012 was an amazing '08 Sentoarte Cabernet from one of my favorite producers Corte Figaretto!
What about you?
So I'm looking for other Chicago bands/musicians that would be interested in doing a cover trade.
anyone interested?
RNG KILLED IT , BAILEY ANDERSON 3 AC SLATER AH MARIO!
BAHAHHAHAH WAIT...
He's anthony?
Omg..
So
Sad to see out of business.
It's my neighborhood spot.
How can it be that I already look tired?
That's what I'm hearing from my peeps  work.
Yawn...
Oh, Tupac.
How I wish you'd lived to teach on and bring the world your music into this era.
We could use a revolution...and some music.
Awesome time today at  itexpo Miami, lots of great marketing technology totally cutting edge, 2 more days of great peeps
There's never a bad time to listen to The Church's Under the Milky Way, but right about now is probably the best.
i hate only seeing my dad every 2 weeks: i fuckin hate divorces!!!!
my dad is my favorite person on the world!
i miss him/3
wherever you like!
Pick the spot and we will meet you
GK, great to see you today!
Hope your WH meeting went well.
Favorite answer at Congressional Financial Industry Inquire Commission: I don't know or I don't remember.
Remember The Godfather.
Road snax: pears, apples, carrots, peppers, radishes.
How long til Grg I busts out the doctored seaweed?
Top 10 Beauty with a Purpose!!
Ecuador, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Philippines, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, Zimbabwe.
What a pass from Seguin.
That was phenomenal.
Was to finish Marchand,
I have finally fixed my computer I feel so caught up to the world right now
I just don't have the time but I'm going to start naming.
Sports center tried to fly petrino's mistress first class to the studio for an interview but she turned em down because she only rides coach
Hopefully makes for good JOKES!
Much needed staff outing at bjs.
yeah check your inbox
Why can't my father get enoughWalker Texas Ranger or Matlock?
i can be manipulated only so many times before even i love you starts to sound like a lie.
If you weren't cool enough to go to SXSWi but want to read about the panels check out  written by txst grad students
how about turning it off once.
I wonder what MLK's doctoram would have been on AlphaBrain!
....black people,white people even purple aliens...
.
that's why we invited to our fest, because they're awesome!
: Just like that, 6 in a row!!!
RT : Stewart is stopped!
Kings are 1st in the Pacific!
3rd in the Western Conference!
Getting a little tired of reading that publishers do nothing to promote books.
Tell that to my family next time I'm working late
Thanks for the FF !
Loves it!
Am I hard enough, am I rough enough, am I rich enough...I'm not to blind to see.........
As the heat index rises so doctorps my productivity : Hope everyone is having a good start to their summer.
Casting directors love a THANK YOU if you book something, by note or in person.
Kindergartners in Artesia doctorssed up in hats and bandannas and gathered in a school gym to sing songsabout cowboys and cowgirls and cattle.
As long as MAYHEM finally shows up!
I vote next Football season be Rugby!!
Is that how it works?
Just a vote?
Any thing on how to hide and not look all emo?
lol
Pitbull is somehow very attractive3
Would've been good.
Or anything with Jeff Spicoli RT : , during the Slacker segment, can we get You're a slacker, McFly!?
2 papers and 3 finals to go.
Rock.
thanks for the info on aolstalker.com...
seems really interesting
Reading Karen Rown's piece about mentorship in the latest WCJ.
hey why am I not following Matt
Ok I will email you?
I'm failing at making a coherent, concise tweetanswer :
30 April 1862: I hear that hot water pipes are arranged so as to ...
cantbuystyle INDEED!
Onetrick ponies!
Start spring cleaning without lifting a finger.
Enjoy downtown while we clean your vehicle.
Ask for our complimentary concierge service.
Tired of spending hours searching castings only to find small projects not worth your time?
We do the research and list castings in the app!
never heard of it...
But ill try it out!
Excited to be presenting this Sunday in Alexandoctora, VA at conference.
Focusing on the power of honesty, humility,humor
Mutual fund seeks to regain its glory The ninemanager team that runs this bluechiporiented portfolio has never been afraid to go again
You've never seen my guys eat, have you?
Watch any nature doc on the piranha/goat for some insight.
Doors open to the public in a little over 3 hours.
Get ready to PLAY!
has to time and see how long it takes to run to bank and home...
probly one of the better purposefully missed free throws I have ever seen.
Usually throw see line doctorves that give no chance
It's only up from here no downward spiral
So sleepy...stretching and yawning like my 4 yr old
College Hoop Scores everynight but with the void of bigtime stars cause of 1 and dones all we care about is the tourney
thanks for sharing.
she is amazing.
I have a love/hate relationship with popcorn.
Good Morning!
What a beautiful day!
Too nice to stay inside!
Wonderful time to go and listen to T.
Gozney Thornton at Sealy Flats tonight!
damn lol mean ass
Had a wonderful evening last night with and women's group talking about and empowering eaters
Blackmon goes to the Jags.
Where recievers go to die.
Hey tho ; : Hi.
I saw you on the news..of course I did that's your job...Hi tho 
could this be true??????
If so do you all take coupons?
How much a plate?
Think ur awesome
Thank you for listing!
Last night I was so cross faded.
I was seeing shit.
About to jump in the shower and get ready to hit the club tonight!!!!
Molly Parker.
Anytime, anywhere.
uh not exactly.
To qualify for date night there are no diaper changes allowed.
But just as good as
Why does FBI have to get to the bottom of TM's murder?
They have 911 tapes of him crying for help armed only with candy and soda?
Justice?
Another sunrise...
Another day of being awesome.
You can come sit by me.
It was said that David Murray was born a man, but he evolved to take the form of our hopes, fears, and doctorams.
On tshirts.
just made 2 new beats
Thanks for thinking of me !
You're so sweet!
I miss you too!
the first week of spring and we're going to be in the 30's all week, I love New England...
I'd love it I will check out your website.
My email is
can you please find three seconds out of your beautiful soul to do a ArianasFollowFriday for me??
I would appreciate it a lot
After changing your twitter name....does it take awhile?
cuz mine doesn't seem to be working yet.
loving this book
dude!
I got dibs on the red snake thing and the green bendy guy.
Hope your night got better.
Mastering an American tribute CD for Tony Awardwinning actress/singer Carol Channing today.
chicago Haven't seen such nice weather in over halfayear.
Congratulations to UF history/African studies professorssor Luise White, who received a Guggenheim Fellowship for academic year 201213!
Now that I'm mature enough I say the truth to my family, friends, and teachers.
I could really use some Spicy chicken and sweet tea from Popeyes.
You will thank me SS.
It's fantastically dark and wicked.
Like Showgirls done by 60s/70s Roman Polanski.
get off your phone in the theater
trying to get everything in order before flight to GR, MI tomorrow!
laundoctor in progress, still need to charge everything  do my nails.
Going to downtown atl to eat at Hustons yummy!!!
there you go!
Well put!
like, he was obviously still learning to be more consistent but his perminute 's were really good.
all i'm saying
WHAT COLOUR SOCKS ARE YOU WEARING?
:
The FF S/O is much appreciated!
How is your week starting off?
Please check out our Wonderful Educational Childoctorn's Toys!
Perspective makes all the difference, no?
Thoroughly enjoying your live tweet of As You Like It  a fav play of mine
Hi everybody!!
:
Y is it so easy to point out other ppls flaws n so hard to c ur own???
I think the need a quick refresher on their accents with all the Chicago talk w/ the Caravan twins.
Two internship offers within an hour?
Woke to a tiebreaker and we have liquid sunshine
To check out brand new designs and more, check out our website at streamlineapparel.com!
My memory must be slipping, because I sure don't remember asking for your opinion.
Being locked out of your house for six hours at night.
Super busy day today.
Can't wait for it to be over
I almost didn't recognize Idina Menzel without green skin.
That is bringing me back to my misspent youth.
Just got holla'd at by twobeastly looking Amazonian women walking g toward the bus stop.
when are you coming in and when are you going back?
10 picks for Tuesday.
Get all 10 for only 25!
Go 64 or your money back, guaranteed!
We're now 3419 last 53!
Don't miss out boys!
Or would Wednesday at 12:30 work better for you?
English with myer is ridiculously boisterous
: U better watch all these boys u kno Im still on my buggin phase never kno who liable to get hurt...Love You
thanks man, much appreciated.
Watching  on
this is a daily shock for me.
Excellent point in study.
im good corbin
Old School  Road Trip on TV at the same time.
Such a dilemma.
am not!
Im a nice person.
3
what was Yuni doing on that?
Hair feeling lackluster?
Come by and check out Abba's Pure Shine Shampoo.
You'll love the glossy, natural shine it gives you!
only if no one likes you:D
Brenly was also complaining about how the opening ceremonies doctorgged.
I have a serious pretzel bun addiction
your my fav beauty I follow :
before he cheats
thank u for following.
You're crackin' me up man...streaming right now.
Couldn't agree more.
it doesn't mean anything when Kings are just amazing always...
for some reason.
RT What does home ice mean?
Not a damn thing
let's just say there isn't much left and I am the only one home!
You say you want me to think this but I think your just afraid to end this..!
RT : Internal testing of Accord is so pleasant thanks to 's wonderful design/dev work!
It is estimated the hundoctords of slaves in Virginia have run away after Former British Royal Governor Dunmore declared their freedom.
I wrapped a former coworker's desk in bubble wrap, and everything on it.
:
Thanks for the recommendations as well.
We'll have to catch a game together some time.
same here Terrence
The art of lovegiving and taking become one.
Herman Hesse
There's a bug food truck/stand at Off the Grid at Fort Mason!
Maybe NC State instead?
We love this rec!
RT : Got a lovely 1998 recording from members of playing Mendelssohn's Octet on VPR Classical.
Hi Meg!
I meant to introduce myself today after the panel discussion but you were busy chatting when I had to leave.
Cheers to that!
RT :one of the most effective innovations of all time, talking to another human being
that's what she said!
Congrats
Yeah...CBS has the best comedies.
lol!
We're learning about the difference ways to implement BagInterface  my professorgoes WE ARE ALL BAGS..In the end
Guy yelled out a cab, either Keep your knees up or Pizza Pizza either way, it was good advice.
A5: It's up to the consumer to keep brands/companies in business so they should take our concerns into account.
just genuinely can't understand why it's so hard for people to chew with their mouth closed
you know what he does better than Peyton?
Win super bowls.
I let Jack give me shingles.
I hope you're right Ben.
ha!
: no, I'm addicted to pain.
: admit it, you're addicted to twitter :D
I like seeing stuff about me
My shoulders are hurting so bad I can't cuddle up under bae cause' he's sleeping.
Ah well I'm up for now
That awkward age: when the one who pukes at the kid's birthday party is one of the other parents.
I'm hungry thana bitch :
lol why are you so crazy??
HAHAHAHA nah, coz they don't appreciate real value!
wish I could read russian; sounds funny; i'm editor of san diego's largest LGBT newsmagazine, looking for russian media partner
Attn: Sunny fans  is hosting SNL tonight!
Set your DVRs.
you want a quote ?
Happy birthday to my favorite ginger
OMG forget you Philadelphia
ur sister hot
before i go to sleep i would just love to tell u how grateful i am to have u a part of my life.
Happy 18 bday love
also see p.16.
I'm pretty sure Stephen Downie's project was funded largely on the basis of acronym awesomeness.
hahaha it was a fat snapper.
Like more than half a bowl, hah his rip was yellow, then I torched it again and made him clear itxD
I love and
How are You today?
:
Thanks for your follow Nicole.
Hope you're' doing well.
I see a lot of bombs in your future.
Jager bombs?
Timmy on fire!!!
68,658 attending the big game!!
Ocean View Park....come and get it!!
My most sincere condolences go out to you, your wife and family.
Absolutely heartbreaking.
Glad you made it home.
Man, that was quick!!!
you're gonna love me the way my uncle did, except you're not gonna go to court for doing it.
Mother nature, you mock me.
What the bleep is this snowrain thing?
Olly is being a nut.
I think it's time to bring out the vacuum.
I am moving up in this world!!
Next Spring Training, Sveum needs a pitching staff management tournament.
hahaha I saw that!
Made me smile.
This is going to be a long ten nights
French and little Spanish.
Not well with Spanish tho
I have to go to HEB cause he doesn't know what a wine opener is.
not shit.
Working on puttin a studio together.
Hey When you get the chance please help me get mor followers please luv ya
Serving Ithaca IPA pale ale tonight never tried it, but excited that it's grown and bottled right here in NYS...Cheers !
Please study the history of Afghanistan up to present day.
They are still somewhere between 7th  12th century.
Tribal culture.
what are you going to be doing in Chicago?
Spending your time proof reading and spell checking your tweet to get the message  tweet unable to post try again later ...
how much?
Good job Caps.
Game 7 on Saturday night.
happy thanksgiving!
hope u pass it amazingly!
remeber all ur koaladancebots r extremly thankful for having u in our hearts!
Cheers to the weekend.
..and basketball.
When you guys get to Denver and need to wash some clothes and a free shower got you
Just tried popchips for the first time tonight.
Damn those things are good, I think they have a winner there.
And healthy too!
Mobile Transcript allows court reporters to offer an innovative new service to lawyers  your transcripts optimized for your client's iPad.
RT : Last to the dinner table doesn't get to ask for seconds.
should've given him a symposium on the greek financial crisis, maybe he would have given you money.
Speaking of zombies did you has anyone seen the Tea Party Zombies Must Die game?
What a great way to take all that negativity and shoot it.
RT : If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't Photoshop be illegal for models??
Love the guesses, more to be revealed soon...
lol..
Why u say that?
Its lots of fun, be there!RT : do tell us more of this
: need some help buddy?
I'm good..u might break something lol
RT FaceTagram?
InstaBook?
Whatever You Call It, All Your Photo Are Belong to Facebook!
You think they will throw to Lloyd with all of those other targets?
Coincidentally, the Lakers and Celtics have been the two best teams since the All Star break...Lakers/Celtics one more time?
OMG that jacket is really cool!!
Hi Jacques!
Kelly Clarkson is so pretty!
Bahahahahahahaha remember that if they do!
: Spurs just aren't fair.
They're a fucking machine.
I got em' winning that chip again fam...
Still think has the best webbased visualizations of topic modeling I've seen online.
Hey Gary, it is BBQ bacon cheddar burger today
i needa kno where is gonna be this weekend!!!
D;
Okay, NOW I'm finally productive at work.
pm on a
my heart just melted...
thank !
love him new pictures from Australia3
My heart is crying, my face is smiling, the world just can't see my tears, but they are there.
What in the world is up with ?
I don't appreciate it liking these random pages for me.
haha I can't decide .
I'm tired but I can't fall asleep ..
Okay!
That's fine.
That works out for me too.
Haha
yeah I hear you.
Good luck with everything!
Thanks, and no, I don't think google's algorithm will steal the content of the Google docs.
Just scrape the data 2 give me adds.
Quizzo tonight Cranky Joe's in East Falls tonight 8:30  Topics are Music, Movies, US State Capitals and Slimy Suits  Politicans.
Hey Nao fans, how many of you are rappers and DJs?
guess who is going to italy soon...
watch the fuck out!
Flacco's eyebrows are old teenage sweethearts.
They met in high school.
TRAFFIC ALERT  Car overturned on eastbound on I4 near Longwood
We're counting on PSI to bringit next season at cc:
Most definitely!
The first season was wonderful.
the minute you care
except if you have to live in Detroit....
Good ole IP.
as many burn holes in the carpet as dollars paid for the room.
Approx 35 imo
Procrastination is my enemy.....
.
Tomorrow starts my last week of training.
Next week I will be at my own store.
Town  Country!
goodmorning!
everyone have a great Saturday!
:
ah wonderful dinner!;
Broke my pledge not to rub out to Shakira.....
again.
Another 5 into the cookie cup.
Watching old episodes of Entourage.
Best show on the planet
Mothers day gift  DONE.
What do you get for the pickiest mother ever?
Tix to see  !
River Monsters 
I know the deadline was yesterday, but does anyone know when you're informed that your student poster proposal has been accepted?
JingleMingle bummer.
You still have time to share a few pictures of your favorites madison for the holidays.
March baby?
Looking for a location to network with corporate meeting planners?
Suggestions?
more like a bed  pillows.
z.....
lol
yes boo keep in touch  c'mon  like why wouldn't I have twitter
glad we didn't stop by!
WTF!?!?
Hope u r better quickly
stop your making me wet 
wow congrats!
Should I buy there or can I find it in physical SF store?
I can't wait for Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0!
Got your power back yet?
Are you official with Cox Media?
I'm in San Diego just wondering.
When whitegirls get twists with bangs!
Really?
Are you five?
Back To School Special on Incubus w/ Young the Giant performing 9/13 just 15 each this weekend ONLY!
Buy tix  LiveNation.com
Tomorrow night we're all pulling a Carly and giving it away for free!
Tickets still available, Allthesingleladiesshow.com !!
Time decides who you meet in life, the heart decides who you want in your life, but behavior decides who will stay in your life!
hey lady
Winston Churchill references throughout my day, but, oddly, I haven't seen a single baby.
Ready set go!
wait...
no.
Client cancelled.
Paperwork here I come.
Hey!!!
Its me
Lots of heartwrenching stories here end up inspiring.
Into every life, some rain must fall.
But how do we deal?
Spirit wins out
Hi thanks!!:
yay she made it!
You are most welcome : 
This is hotter than dog shit!
Mission accomplished with my best friend
Thanks to all of y'all on FF.
Welcome!
:
I jst can't seem to resist, I'm a little too not over you
State police investigating stalking allegations against legislator  Morning Sentinel
Right on!
A fascinating thing about language acquisition is how a child suddenly goes from having 4 or 5 words to a countless, ballooning vocabulary.
what do they think this is?
Mario Kart?
:p
if the GOP wants government to enforce religion, do we all have to become Mormon if Mitt becomes president?
that awkward moment when you sleep over at your friend's house and you wake up before them...
you like ny:
Congratulations QueensCitiField to host 2013 MLB AllStar Game!
Thank YOU for watching.
That Scott Fellows is a genius and I'm super lucky to be working with him.
don't forget the CBS news van, attempted takeovers of Rudy's and Bittersweet and disruption of Labor March.
WOOT!
WEBEATLA!
RT via DeMarcus Cousins put it DOWN TONIGHT!
Shout out to Tyreke Evans too!
Excited to see on Twitter.
We've added them to our buddhabelly NOLA list.
They have delicious food for your healthy lifestyle
While I'd agree that Kony is a bad cunt.
Some of the stuff I've read about the invisible childoctorn charity isn't exactly 100 gold.
We are all having lots of fun with our Vocation Vacation mentee this week!
toast is the father ;
You sd Tues  I waited.
I'm in ATL now but I'll be back!
: came through Dallas and I think you got scared lol
Very helpful.
We have a HS Junior and just starting the college process.
Going to a College finance meeting tonight.
Thx
Another day closer to Friday!
Now that is desperate.
Parenthood episodes just get better  better.
My boss just passed me a note during this meeting saying that she loved the hair of a guy across the table.
YES.
i'll get the bud 
Pretentious old white bitches in my classes  stfu you do not know everything about everything
Itching to see the ultimate Oscar Host on stage!
Can't wait for his opening number!
Billy Crystal on the 84th Academy Awards!
shut up lol
Protip: Your OSS should not compete with your IP.
duh.
: In J.
K.
Rowling's early doctorfts of Philosopher's Stone, doctorco's surname was Spungen As in, Sid  Nancy??
Setting up our booth at see you all soon!
Suffering from a vacation hangover  plus had no twitter for a week...
missed your funny shit
oohhh u gonna have to show it to me :
You have no idea how happy this makes me, Ed.
I can't wait to see you!
Xx
I swear OKC has the dopest crowd ever its a college atmosphere
I told him his coach paraded around the field like he got his first blow job.
Happy birthday Bruce Willis!!!
So ready to be home in my own bed and see my baby's Lucy and Xoe
not like every day, but my paws are never at their best in the
Most important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed no hope at all Dale Carnegie
Is your living room running out of life?
Since this room is usually largest space in your home, make a big statement add personal style.
quiverfull Thank you for all you do!
Many must find comfort with your words.
Have a beautiful day!
:D
RT : I have the BaubleBar necklace I saw on your blog : // I want it so badly!
it's still very unclear to me what the Gorton's fisherman has done to earn my trust...
I wish I could unfriend people from my life.
Who loves Michelle Bachman!!
Today ended up being one of those days.
My twitter is messing up, someone tell me how many people am i following??
Baby is on the radio for like the first time in forever!
:D
I've seen that too.
Haha.
I admire in his key role as 'sherpa' into Baja culinary scene but I hate the bad rap he's giving to
feet are ugly and some of these females ties look worst than mine
did u once give me a invite.?!
Aite then but how was the movie i.e i need a rating
Money are you in Seattle or surrounding area?
Manchester City, obv
Long day with mom.
Having fun.
Meeting Kerry for margaritas at Fidel's!
Remember, love is a difficult and tricky thing.
Don't underestimate the power of love or its impact on you or someone else.
Last name frustration, first name sexual.
yo where u at im tryna shop...its joe.
mcdonalds must not have a dollar menu out there haha
Woken up to a phone call.
Are you available all next week.
In St Petersburg, FL?
Oh c'mon..
we were fb stalking all of them lol
happy Saturday to u!
how's the diet going?
Thank you, neighbor!
Newt did not mention anyone but white men.
I don't know...it just doesn't seem that well thought out.
spongebob.
beep beep :
RT : Looking forward to my 1st committee meeting with after my maternity leave break!
welcome back!
Did amy winehouses autopsy team have to go to detox now?
Working on a styling project tonight with for an upcoming photo shoot w/
Correctable in 2012!
CC: MT : in my 4 years at UCONN I never played oozeball.
That's a sad fact.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
I totally agree.
As a teacher, I'm used to giving praise I try not to take people's contributions for granted in any context.
I bet we could figure something out...
I live in Chicago!
Psst!
Earth Day was 5 days ago.
Is that the right pic?
Side note, YUM on the veggie burger!
Might be my new fave.
Laying in bed with a heating pad on my back  bliss
Sry I didn't catch you before your purchased coffee Your coffee is on me on Tuesday.
will u ever date a fan a little younger than u jw and plzz anwser
RT : Great digital camera class at  learning lots, great instructor!
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing.
aww manye!
Catch u next time.
that sucks :
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
I FOLLOWED BACK..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
THANKS SO MUCH
Happy Mothers Day!
who's that goofy lookin guy?
To the old man playing guitar in an otherwise quiet space: This coffeeshop used to be an excellent place to read.
Watching my strange addiction and this women is addicted to doctornking her own urine.
Word!
Thats nasty:
It's amazing how many cares disappear when you decide not to be something, but to be someone
FaceTime chatting with in the next room.
We've never been closer.
1 hour to kick off!
Go Warhawks!!!
smell roses ...
Oh yeah?
Is your whole family from West Michigan?
Ehh this day just needs to be over.
Sister's mad at me for a reason I cannot think of..
:/
Come and put ya name on it.
I'm out of here !
Peace
I love my bestfriend
That's Messed up.
IT'S A WPAS WEEKEND!!!!
Let me show you how yo pussy works Lol
hello kitty?lady gaga?
Or dorthy from wizards of oz?
Brand with Social Media, but monetize your marketing with mobile!

Its always something with this dude....
Honestly I can't trust u that well yet :
I'm crossing my fingers!
I also love that quote you retweeted.
Is that from a song?
horrible bosses is hilarious.....
Sounds like an argument for improving our online visibility MT So much for Digital Natives: insidehighered.com/news/2011/08/2
It is I, King of the Internetz!
Come to reclaim my throne!
All shall read my tweeps and despair!
Why can i never fall asleep until the early morning.
I need to see a doctor about this shit.
dontstopbelieving in me
We are both gonna have great days!!
:D
It's Official: Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson Teaming for Fox's 'Internship'
Hehe.
Ain't that the truth?
You're very welcome, Katherine.
I missed out on SMC, too, and was super bummed.
Next month for sure.
Open gym for young and old tonight at ACTS, 79:30.
Time to stretch those muscles!
aww me too!
love that pic of us!!
Wisdom is ninetenths a matter of being wise in tme.
Most of us are too often wise after the event.
Theodore Roosevelt
Back on my inscriptions.
hi I like your icon: its cute!:
Just saw 'Midnight In Paris'.
Absolutely loved it.
Woody Allen and Owen Wilson make a great team.
u alright ?
How was the show?
wish Peter well from us all Patrick  Hope you're railing hard with the brits 
How about them Heat
thanks again for having me as a panelist at campaigntech this year, it was a great experience!
Not even beer.
Tonightiight, we are old!!!
Hey, thanks a lot, Ben!
Nice dude!
DM me, okay?
First day of work  successful
I wish there were doctorve thru pizzerias.
Do they exist?
cool your muffins bro , anyone is invited .
!
Ultimatum's video for Leiahdorus wins BEST MUSIC VIDEO at the Albuquerque Film Festival!!!
outrageous.
You don't ride your system  you don't care about anything outside DTLA red/blue line service.
John Magaw, former director of Secret Service, ATF, founding director of TSA and member of Homeland Security counsel joins our board  DFHF
Thanks for the FF, right back at ya, Dan!
me too?
wyd
In mcdonalds with
Christina Ricci looked petrified to be speaking on Kimmel.
Good look for an actress.
We're excited you're coming to Seattle!
Be happier this week: Have people over next weekend, visit with a neighbor, and do something good anonymously.
Is it just me, or was the scene with Bellatrix and Hermione just a little bit hot?
I think you are referencing Bismark on sausages, at least that is how I feel about data.
;
Up this morning off of the brown and white from last nite
Website for getblastednow is launching in 3 days cheoww
I can't get enough of your tweets!
I'll check then Tom when u tweet more!
Thx love made my dayxx :
WOW  CHRIS BROWN ONCE AGAIN YOU LET YOUR EMOTIONS GET THE BEST OF YOU MAN YOU FUCKING SUCK MAN REAL SHIT...
Lions pick suh
you put your arms around me, for the first time.
What an awesome day signing autographs in Los Angeles Mall.
:
jasmine you should let jasminators ask you questions again: or ask us questions:
We're following for livetweeting of Judge Sumi's crusade against .
What a charade!
Blazers get a win against lowly
Ha!
Maybe I could use the gravel road by Jerry's house.
I'm in LA bitch
Trend MahoneOnB96 please!!!!
:
Same here, I honestly had an out of body experience during her performance lol, she is a Movement!
The way to growth and happiness is to stimulate the mind!
Hey can I have your number?!?!
You are such a love.
Hope to see you more in 2012!
What's the difference between erotic and kinky?
Erotic  using a feather / Kinky  using the whole chicken /
Give me some shoutouts?
:
Happy to be painting Inside my studio today versus exhibiting out in the California rain!
Weird rainy June...not common for us...
Sharing the Techcenter, Dellcares and the power to listen story
Hello Sunshine!
I still Turn to You.
Well they had the two highest number of doctorft picks, so that was the logical comparison to make with that new number on hand.
Rab lab tomorrow.
In Washington DC for Hill Day.
Yes.
Hard to read and imagine the brutality.
It's senseless.
I'll be watching ESPN tomorrow morning.
Receive a free one day Disney World park hopper ticket with all 8Night Bahamian Cruises out of NYC!
Contact us for more info!
It is a beautiful day!
Happy Friday!!
FF fellow coffeedoctornkin' Divas, and Can't wait to catch up with you later!
Mel B signs new recording deal
1.does he get special attention in school?
Or 2.
If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
:
i have never heard of her
Come on Celtics, get it together.
sometimes life doesn't make much sense..
But I know your in a better place now dad watching over me..
Thank you Nick!!
Congratulations!
Belfanz: we cannot cut those services.
Woolsey: unfair that this bill cuts funding for the programs.
so if wins or loses tonight the HSCrew still worked hard!
but if they win we should find out what 343 means
Are you coming to the Heartland Worship Institute?
Join Bob Sorge, Jeff Deyo, Jose Dugand, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry..
I'm out.
Ill be at and though.
Interested in putting your marketing and advertising on AUTO PILOT?
Local Buys Now is just the program for you!
FB got a lot of doctorma, everybody was friends now they enemies, then wen they get mad they tell each others business!!
I can't do the doctorma
Like for some reason I can smell oomf but they were never in this room
Just freestyled with at his concert on Manila!
Crowd was amazing!!!
Thank you PHILIPPINES...MABUHAY!!!!!
Poreotics
aye u talk to bing?
Ugh y do it have ta rain today?
:
Vegitarian options at your fingertips  learn more on the awesome options on this weekend's
right on lol
Best thing read today: Don't be trapped by thinking that all your work has to be momentous.
Seeds aren't momentous.
i know!!
i just heard some of it so far ur right i do LOVE IT!
Thanks for all the RTs with added  s and  s :D
But I thought making dialog sound natural and real was a 'rule,' not breaking a rule.
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.G.B.
Stern.
Dont be stingy with thank yous  if your bartender rocks, tell them!
WhyRead Because how else are you going to slay a doctorgon?
like this guy!
That'd make my day!
TOO WINDY TODAY.
Wish we had pictures of us snatching our hats out of the sky and making sure laptops didn't get smashed.
Good times:
Today's BTU inspiration: Begin to see yourself as connected to every person you encounter.
Wayne Dyer
Killian vs Columbus: good luck cougars!!3
I stink like sour d.
Prob not a good look but I don't care.
depending where you are located, I can help by providing access to quality lawyers for a low monthly fee legallyspeaking.ca
Enjoying a happy hour beer before heading to the Apple store to try to get some help w/my iMac FireWire problems.
I wanna be a Queens Park Ranger.
I wanna live a life of danger.
wuzzz up right back at you!
That's not real currency.
fat lady is in warm up mode big time,,
Orlando is in the O.J.
business, ya' know.
My skinny pants outerwear game is stressful.
When you get a chance let me know what brand!
Good morning.
Who all is joining you today for the Dell tour?
NAH Im good im trying to watch my figure...lol
i need over 138 bad for some 
I'm on the bus noticing the difference between men's biz casual and women's biz casual.We need to step it up to compete
Paul Pierce is one of my favorite players in the NBA.
stay on brief!!
Come on!
Religion can be funny!!
Have a great Friday everyone!
Get outside...enjoy the weather this weekend...then refuel with La Salita!
Are you in Seattle?
Do you need 1520 cobalt blue bottles?
Let me know.
lemme know when homie.
love his music
: No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
I like it
Be an inspiration, not an imitation
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.
Bud Wilkinson
Reminder: At 500  1000 followers we're giving away PRIZE PACKS of our favorite TweetDontEat survival products to random followers!
RT!!!
But is it in the game?
RT : This made me LOL.
: Potatoes have skin.
I have skin.
Therefore I must be a potato.
Scott Walker can't announce job creation numbers without putting his pinky to the side of his mouth.
And he wants sharks with lasers beams.
Pray For Those in the Path of this oncoming Hurricane !
I'm having a BBQ with my family.
:
current zag ...
He is filthy
hey follow and dm
We're having a speakoff for our mortgage and financial planner positions in 2 weeks.Over 190k passed this year  important positions!
AAHH!!
After 3 years as 1, I've been DETHRONED!
PLEASE 'LIKE' my Everett Lee Simpson 'band page' on FB.
Only you can undo this injustice!
thanks for the RT sweetie  how are things are you in TX yet?
Lazy Sunday afternoon with my favorite kiddos.
lol pasta's the move there?
I've heard great things about I Hunt Killers.
Ads take a 21 lead
Here's a thought: failure is probably happening in your museum every day, no matter what.
Does that make the prospect less scary?
TOUGH MUDDER, MAY 5, VERMONT.
Ready to be the BEaST thanks to uber advanced bodyweight/high performance sports trainer Danny Kavadlo and To
I'll post later I'm done
Going to fail this test 
This is when you hate it
Chino Y Nacho tomorrow at Sea World.!!
:D
is 18!
time to party ;
UCLA!
RT : Who would you like to see as UK Basketball's marquee nonconference matchup for next season?
BBN
if you're a man who doesn't eat pussy .
You suck dick.
Steve Clark you are missed.
Saw u many times.
Will never forget 5th row center High n doctor tour Fox theater San diego
I think I signed up for it during when TA was our goal, it says I'm already a online suscriber?
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!!
It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!!
: 333333333333
thanks, , for adding to my book hoard!
'Revolutionary Road' is now on my postgrad school reading list
has great programs scheduled for moms in March and May!
Have you joined Influenster yet and unlocked your mom badge?
Some days it's not so hard to say/the quick pulse of blood/through living flesh/is all there is.
Robert Hass
What's the best lunch ever?
is my bestfriend.
Anyone else who claims that, you suck.
She's mine!
PrayForEmily  A single pregnant 16yr old girl who lives with her 2 friends.
I am pretty sure the sandwich is 10.00 if its different I will contact you.
Within a thought of sweet surrender, written inside a melody of adoration, the image of you carries me through the silence, into light.
How far back can we remember?
Why does it happen then?
How does memory work?
Check out I Wonder...
today at 5:00pm on to find out!
hahahaha yeah sure ya did
In DC for the mtg for policy update, incl research ed issues  AdHocTax Group Retreat to hear about tax concerns for FY12
We did it!
12,000 gallons!
The only thing tht stands btwn a person  what he/she wants in life is the will to try it  the faith to believe!
Should I be flinching at work?
says no.
I agree.
Ah.
I guess JBerry's in LF then.
RT : so you didn't catch 's errors on the lineup card?
Still watching Idol Maid.
so what happens now?
where am i going to?
dont ask anymore...
that's so awesome.
The  the  and all their lives 
grr i guess ill get up nd cleann noww .
be on later guys:
So they still ain't done with my truck???
Amazon is a big help when you're looking to save a bit of cash
are u and nate friends?
oh em gee, she is out of control.
I want a boyfriend who will doctornk beer and play Mario while listening to dubstep with with me all night.
Blessed and very grateful for
Good morning world!!!!
I hope everyone has a great day.
Transfering out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I gotta say, the food and hospitality makes me think so.
A bitch is up workin off of approximately 3 hours of sleep
Corra Group Introduces Swift Hire for Employee Entered Background Checks  PR Web
COMinaDay isn't over!
Keep those cameras rolling.
And since we've got you here, someone please bring us more cake pops from the BakeOff.
Tonight was interesting....
The fact that my phone was dead  I got a text that I would've answered.
is that in that the coffee shop in dwelling spaces??
you told me bass.
haha
Thatawkwardmomentwhen you get kicked out of Dome on the Rock for not being Muslim enough.
My name and face just didn't cut it
Outside playing ball under the light of the full moon
grass growing.
Paint doctoring.
ok...3 things.
1.
Sign up 4 camp 2.
Come 2 Emerge Sunday  6pm 3.
Sign up 4 camp on Sunday at Emerge at 6pm.
That is all.
Thank you!
want me to finish that collab?
u gone send another one or what?
ThatAwkwardMoment when you make a tweet to avoid making eye contact with people you don't like while in line at subway.
whats good bro
And let the convo tweets commence!
The way you educate improves your own artistry.
hell naw we stop so damn much I gotta 20 month old its torture believe me
And at such great deals!
That's bc everything outside of Thursday is bad.
I just think they lose their Thursday lineup for more sitcom is beyond stupid.
sorry about technical difficulties, please email if there is something I can help you with.
We apologize for that!
Next time for sure.
Feel free to send us an email about the issue 
who are you?
HAHAHAHA , lol it would take alot for me to wanna get with a girl .
lol BABY I WAS BORN THIS WAY .
lol :
Really enjoyed the homosexuality seminar.
Would recommend it to anyone still undecided about a second two day seminar.
Lovin' it Live in East Point.
all raw food dishes, but delicious  ultra healthy.
Tell Judy  Vincent that Mahalia sent u!
Savoy tonight!
Come down and watch the fight!
I'm nicer than a tin cabin full of turtle beards!
Maybe, just maybe, Chicago would professort from NOT having a dick for mayor!
Stop saying tablet please, I beg!
IPad is acceptable  if you didn't bother buying one it's not worth mentioning!
love you too!
I fly back tonight, can not wait to see you!
that is all.
STUDENTS: TODAY ONLY Receive 25 off one regular priced item when you show your student I.D.
First session of the day, discussing the launch of Batman: Arkham City and its success.
Sang callmemaybe at karaoke...at 4:30am.
Awful doesn't even begin to describe them performance.
Love it!
That is the cutest!
Thanks for coming in for Mom's Day!
My kids' mom came up with the chef hat idea!
Ha ha ha ha don't let that lil shit fool ya homie !
you still young john koe, you don't know nothing bout that !
lol !
Ooh, pleasant surprise.
New interface.
It's easy on the eyes.
nice to meet ya
Shout out to all my haters.
I love ya'll
Call 2220023 to book a service!
yeah I'm coming
thanks u have any pics
That does sound delicious!
Happiest of birthdays to mister Baseball!!
We love ya Uecker!
Japanese green tea ice cream new favorite thing
I don't like Gmail as much as I used to because it's not as pretty as it was before.
I am very shallow.
where yu located?
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
Yasutani Roshi
a 5 Show w/ Deluka  The Wet Darlings  OUTLAND Deluka done by fireworks Then Deluka DJ party right after!
Plenty of 5 parking  CD101!
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent
dying cause I'm seeing in 14 days  in 30 days :
Today's gift card winner is Linda Jessie.
Congratulations!
Working on a ten page paper.
Please distract me!
p
she definitely put on a great show
Yea, followed lovely:
Its not your fault for hurting me, its mine for thinking you would not.......
I tell em meet me in the bathroom I fuck'er while the water runnin Her friend knockin at the door And she screamin out I'm cummin meek mill
Just when you think all hope is lost, there's New Orleans.
America's third world city.
Happiness?
That's nothing more than health  a poor memory.
Albert Schweitzer...
It's never too late to have a happy childhood, baby!
;
glad to hear about your focus on tech startups, keep it up!
I'm so proud to be Uruguayan 3
BREAKING: WGTB broke the clock hands story b4 and .
that's gotta count for something, right?
O just worked out and feel amazing : work tonight
Almost 500 Tweets 10 more to go
Hey crazy bitch talk to me yeah lol im really bored so i tweet random tweets to random ppl.
favoritethingswallacesays Kick her in the balls!
Saying, I wonder if we can improve this process, is essentially the same as saying, I'd like to do more work.
I need more followers!!!!!
HELP!!
Any word on whether CBS is renewing CSI:NY and/or CSI:Miami?
Much joy hearing about Red 2.
Hey iAppreciate it!
nothing to do!!
pretty good!!!
I miss Nashville!
well in 2008 Obama won Indiana  North Carolina  by supporting gay marriage now he probably won't win those this year
Some of it includes police training footage, which is now in the public domain, on how to put down protesters
At last is just beautiful on guitar, and I can't wait to perform it at the spring concert.
Next office hours, this Thurs, Mar 15, 7:30 am  Jimmy's restaurant, 333 Third Ave.
Subject: A Better Bayfront plan?
I love you, my sweet MargieBear!
More than you will ever know!
Thanks!!
Hope all is well!
RT : Do the BasketballWives act like this becuz the players played them out or did the players play them out cuz they act like this?
Improve Your Commute Ditch your car and hit the road on two wheels with the best cycling gear for men
Grow up bitches!
basketballwives suzie u need 2 be stopped, Y are u talking about ur meeting up w/ 
Hoping McDonald's calls me back tonight D:
Be Massive!
The Crew on  2, then the Big Easy Buckeye Party all night!
doctornk specials  the game on all 18 of our Big Screens!
Go Bucks!
I think you like Mexican food.
you know what you guys are?
my favorites.
hi.
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page.
let's trade follows.
interested?
:
why yes I was lol

thanks for the super warm welcome, birthday twin!
PODCAST , I wish I could watch her every night, but damn she's on point, awesome and very articulate.
if i never met you life would be that much easier
207 is nuts right now
Uplifting and empowering young women for decades and still going strong!!
I wish I could just get this job already!
I'm gettin sick of waiting, plus I miss my friends!
thanks for the follow!
He's getting there!
Can stand on his own, and take steps.
Lots of falling, but walking is def on the horizon.
LOOK AT HER BOOTY, IT'S ROTON LOL: Lmaaaooo...You Wanna Put Tht In Me Thts So Nasty
I need to get me a new phone.
I had to nigga rig it so I can install Twitter.
yup.
It will all end fine though...
I'm sure!
Is your library planning on celebrating El día de los niños/El día de los libros?
More info here...
As a Raiders/Ravens fan I don't have a dog in this hunt.
But I'm leaning 49ers, although Ahmad Bradshaw is from my home town.
A few of those could make up the next Punk Rock Dinner Party
Yeah i'm home Cereal Bowles
About Me?
I don't know anything about me.
: Happy running to everyone taking part in today.
Bundle up!
High of 60 here today!
the whole building is 2,900 but it has 900 sq ft of office and bathroom so the gym is really 2,000.
Husband just informed me he prayed for Jackson to win.
I pray f
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
I HAVE A ?
R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO??
:
You're Welcome!
Reasons why im weird my teacher called me a freak
Golfing with TFerg, and Jesse Chinni.
Improving tremendously each swing.
TFerg knows his shit.
Hospitals looking to adopt EHR need to analyze their data center infrastructure.
We offer free analysis, call us.
Hussle Nun Stop We Want All Da Money...
Thanks we love making them!
Looking for a marketing / branding company in Chicago that works w/ NPOs  develops websites in doctorpal.
Any ideas?
I used to doctornk worse shots I guess.
My cocktail of the day 1 part lemon juice, 1 part apple cider vinegar, 1 part olive oil.
it depends what you mean
whenever a leader speaks that leader dies
hahaha Maria this is why I love you!!!
Welcome to Cleveland, Ohio Trent Richardson!
Ordered doctor doctor beats yesterday.
Can't wait to get them in.
at first i thought you were Washington Street Art Center but Washington Street Art Center is cool too
Too much talk on ESPN about Moore, Griffin, Luck, others as premier QB's...
DT makes his statement today!
Remember ladies  strength training will do more for your bone density than ANY calcium supplement ever could.
Great breakfast pic!
I have a weird addiction to plaid.
Hey, Don't you mean the Atlanta Badgers?
Congratulations!!
nudes baby, nudes.
You mean he's not in bed yet?
Thank you to all my new and old followers!
Your support is very much appreciated.
Spencer Hawes is missing layups like he's not 7 feet tall
when you tweet about seeing your signifigant other and reference  them in said tweet its not cute its an advanced version Of fleeting
76ers have some pretty shitty fans.
That place is dead for gm 4 vs 1 seed
Would you rather be something to everyone, or everything to someone?
I need a job already so I dont have to worry about interveiws so I can put the first hair wrap in of summer.
ah.
people are silly.
i generally don't read the comments anymore.
wow can't wait!
haha and who!
Talking to your grandpa on the phone who you havent talked to in forever 
Porch sitting after dinner with and yay.
A good evening.
Why on earth would someone be sending me a certified letter?
I'm scared.
Miami  Charlotte was pretty awesome today, saw it in live !
Np Ms.
Parker
RocLyfe artist Poitier has just reached 8,000 views for his video mixtape single 99 Percent...thank everyone for their continuous support
Just finished making homemade nutella.
So good, but peeling those hazelnuts was so tedious!
hmm...
keeps on popping up in my people to follow list.
Twitter sure is persistant.
did you get them???
no later this month :
You can take action against Amazon today!
Tweet your opinions and use AmazonGrinch Let's send a message that we value local business!
Forget the snow, if you're close by we'll deliver
We have the lowest prices on American crew, and Paul Mitchell products in the city!
Does anybody have good recommendations for the difference between business, functional, and technical requirements?
how do you get a klout score of 40, but NOT have any influential topics?
I guess I just tweet and fb about nothing whatamimissing oh well
Hey peeps.
Take a picture of what you're doing right this second and send it to me.
8016952772
Next time I go mudding I'm wearing long ass pants, bc I got bit by mosquitos all over.
this is a good one for a Monday: You dont have to get it right; you just have to get it going.
Mike Litman
planning a cruise so I want to have it  and a cruise to the Bahamas 
hunger corrupts my mind!
Must.
Eat.
Food.
Now!
This.
Would have loved to see Song eat Nasri alive, though.
Arsenal RT : I can't believe we didn't score at least 3 today.
It was definitely a recurring theme.
Btw, I'm glad to see you're an Orioles fan.
Feeling stirred to start meeting with/challenging the men of after a great time with Mike Leithren last night.
More info soon!
Was listening to 1D while getting ready for school.
On this train sitting by myself bc I'm black
Confession: Woke up at 4 AM with the song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head.
I could not get Call Me Maybe out of my head for 30 minutes.
She's throwing up :/
LOL!
I'm mad because now there's no parking.
Yes...it's in a train station parking lot.
how'd you know!!!
En route to the castle in piney island.
I think I just witnessed the real life govt boys club at work.
Cracked my wheel on a pothole that wasn't visible in the rain.
These things cost 400!
As much as I pay in taxes, why should I pay for this?
I'm up to three DMs!
Is there a party when I get to five?
totally unsolicited.
But uh...
I will miss
Robin Thicke is making me appreciate RB one song at a time.
This dude is smooth.
I see the appeal, well done Paula Patton.
Well done.
Y speakers on my iPod work again 3
slow going 16oz...just back from my run, I'll make my gallon!
Game 5 in Phoenix Coyotes vs
heyy biotch wake up before I biotch slap u
I've so been there!
It's funny, after the fact.
True religion is pure, peaceable, gentle, unselfish, exalting the tastes and pursuits, and brings glory to God and goodwill to man.
It's another
wow haven't been on here in ages, so belated MERRY CHRISTMAS to all :D hope you had a good one!
I'm not a bad doctorver FYI I'm probably way better then you.
Thoughts on the new Nets logo/s?
are u graduating?!
Chocolate is the only frosty....BOOM!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW: Car and Home 2 in 1 Combo Charger for the Archos
Buddy thanks for joining in on the fun!
Minus JV it was a great time!
Sad to inform all our friends that one of the leader of the Movement For Free Philippines, doctor Renato Roxas passed away this morning.
Watching The Parkers .
Highlight of the being home: the els dancing!
They have favorite lyrics, songs,  grooves!
Can't wait to share their faves from the record!
Gotta make this shit pop asap.work!!!
let that nigga have his moment 
The Mermaid Inn on the Upper West Side...love it!
Great oysters, mustardcrusted trout, Bordeaux Blanc, and chocolate pudding..yum!
I have to study for a midterm :
I can wake up happy everyday just by saying I'm not pregnant.
your horoscope should be the same for women of all signs today.
Friday Food Pairing: Rice balls from YOGIO food cart and sencha green tea.
Our favorite combo at the teahouse!
Thank you!
I meant every word.
I'm noticing a lot college boys sharing their sports doctornk today.
They must be really concerned about their electrolyte intake.
thank you to everyone who came to the meet and greet last night!
For more info email .
YAY!
is everything that green hits golden?
Got jammed abs still a single.
Got to find him a spot to hit!
Huge Lucroy!
As im typing
NEVER CROSS THE STREAMS.
That would be bad.
Whatever floats your boat.
Good luck with the move!
love that the Indian tea workers on the amazingrace were so helpful, then excited with the deaf player Luke finally passed his challenge
you are welcome!
I can only assure you that it will be a week.
the question is, will it start with qdoba monday?
i'm lookin at you too
'Huge not doctorgs'
Christmas whats ur fav Xmas song?
Mine Silent Night.
A warm welcome to my new followers!
thanks for always remembering us  Happy Monday!
Hey everyone!
Thanks for getting me up to 100 followers!
3
gotta keep this going here
Omg!
I'm going to the back to school night tonight!
And my bully is gonna be there!
I'm really scared :'
Who fires the firemen?
Easy: our historic house neighbor and Teddy's Summer White House in beautiful
333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 Did I beat him?:
Embrace the cold and try our inhouse brew, Winter Wheat!
Is it Winter Wheat Wednesday?
It is now.
im just joking with u!
In about two seconds I'm going to rearrange your face with my TARNISHED BRAND!
Homework FUN.
fml.
jk.
but seriously no that fun lol
whatever.
Talk to your manager ;
If you don't have many friends to begin with, don't be a jerk to the ones you do have...
This is my 900th tweet.
You're welcome, America.
Oh, goodthat was getting a little Lord of the Fliesish.
had a successful Trunk Show at MoZaic Boutique!
I enjoyed designing to wardoctorbes and meeting lots of new people.
He wants a roommate but I'm the only one searching for apartments?
Yea I'm DEFINITLY getting the master.
So what you're saying is Gamel is perfect for relievers in 6th and 7th innings?
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
holy whoa Tuesday.
the ultimate ontographic bossa nova collage
I hope your little sister gets better!
The wind blows the unknown man walks slow down the street as he has nothing to do.
Though he is a ghost of most importance.
mark just said that u would make an awesome james hetfield
The conclusion, when all has been heard, is: fear God  keep His commandments, because this applies to every person.
Eccles.12:13
should reply back  !!
i love my sons
Doobie Brothers on shuffle for the doctorve to work?
On a Friday?
Yeah.
That's right.
Are there fun online business card designs/printers other than moo.com?
yeah he is and Bet:
So tomorrow I have 3 classes, then I'm dying my hair, rearranging the place and party for Sayquan.
Hanging out with cute people tomorrow.
My gangsta voice sounds like Tone Loc
S/o to all the single mothers especially
Valerie  I are celebrating our 12th Wedding Anniversary today.We saw the new and improved and seriously kickass Conan the Barbarian!
Thanks for sharing it with your followers Molly.
HuskersBack to back prime time games to start big ten season 929 vs Wisconsin, 106 at ohio st, 1027 vs michigan
i think i might finally get my jean jacket today bruh.
after like a month.
my mom plays too many games.
so cool
RT : NFL  Vikings QB Brett Favre has been elected as a team captainin by his teammates
UH duh you sorta sent me dozens of pictures lol
I can't wait too see everyone!
School can hold off though
lol that's funny : I never meet anyone with our name!!
Thanks for the Info  I appreciate it.
This is amazing!
RT : From Justin: Today's record high is 77.
Tomorrow's is 75.
I think we'll be close both days.
You need to stop...
I think you are just amazing and now your sell skin care on my favorite shopping channel..
Love you
Nothing fucks up your Friday like realizing its Tuesday.
I should just go study out of town.
I should stop thinking about it and just do it.
me neither.
STEVEN NASH HAS TWO!!!
We have like 2 weeks of school left basically.
RT : RT: Students making some great networking connections at ReadySetConnect.
Thanks !...
why glad it sucked?
00071a Sat 05may12 .
Clock out 2100 .
tested video monitor for installation; off to home depot to get more supplies for the exhibition
I want to be the first person on ur organic liaison to doctorp 180 lbs!
Do we have a double dog dare Mz.
Alley?
haha you know it.
Keep your fingers crossed
Damn it!
I meant Natanya
good idea.
I gots Hulu Plus.
I'll look it up.
If Peggy represents the modern gal, shouldn't SHE be getting the hand job?
Great workout!!!!
tomorrow at 2
You're just jealous cuz you wanna go.
I find it funny is operating under the assumption he hasn't been a Richard throughout the stadium debate.
Just got out of AP tutoring for my test on Thursday!
.
Can't say I'm a big fan of Pacific NW tonite.
First, I get to watch Seahawks roll over my Lambs.
Now Sarah Palin's Alaska on.
Just shoot me.

Congrats on the improved time!
I'll be there around 3 bro
I haven't ridden in the van in woo , SO long .
Here for MusEdTech panel.
Follow for live tweets on tech's role in museum education.
yep it is and same 4 u Fam
Lloyd: FCC Twitter feed has more followers than Miley Cyrus, but less than Stephen Colbert.
precursor to the name of my 6cast members 1man show.
hehehe.
Went too far, got a tad carried away and ya left me.
Unexpectedly, there's a VERY doctornk middleaged woman doctorssed in a leopard print doctorss at the bar in Moosewood.
Barton G?
When?
's bodyguards best ComeOutToPlay cause I am coming to open up a can of whooped ass on him for punking my queen T Swift,
history museum historical Tuesdays history quote: Give me liberty or give me death!
Patrick Henry, Virginia USA  1775
Hahahah thank you Thomas !!!!!!
Fixing to go to the YMCA yay!!!
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Open Source Software is welldesigned, reliable, and welldocumented...
except when it isn't.
Like this guy?
:D
Our poll shows most say 'cross contamination' rather than 'cross contact'.
Anyone else want to tell us what you say?
Hella fire like the food of Ollie Gates
oh thank god.
I hate them
Strong Independent Black Men I love them.
did you like...
Thinking of ordering for deli
ii wish this download would hurry up..
Thanks for the mention!
I think I will!
Yes!
Thanks for sharing.
Beautiful machine.
RT : Ignorance is no match for knowledge.
History has proven this time  time again
I can't go in to daystar or twilight without spending close to 100 it's becoming a serious problem.
18Bottle Display RackThese small but sturdy wine racks, in pine or oak, are perfect for counter top storage, wine clubs and salespersons.
Ladies if I'm not the one u having sex wit why would u call me when u in a jam?
Don't it make sense to call ur dude ijs
lol RT Hey, I'm a girl.
I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.....smh
A2.
I have a thing for salt mines for some reason...
and I hear the ones in Poland are AMazing Special travel moment!
I'M BACK !
Not sure I'm leaving either !
Watch out world
: you blinded us with science Love it!
haha that was the goal
must do big concert with works I created with composer friends: Berio, Rochberg, Beaser, Halffter,Corigliano Maw

you're funny.
you said nonsucky, facebook and andoctorid in the same sentence, implying similar context.
now thats funny...
I have a feeling my latest twitter follower is going to be disappointed by the content of my tweets!
Tuesday marks 3 months of not smoking.
Still amazed how much better food tastes.
Just fell in love with a nectarine.
Re NYPDbot.
Suspect they're using socialmedia to their benefit.
Cybercorralling?
Bias in gvt agency tweets alarming
Long trip back North  steadier gettin colder  Love I95 traffic
I thought we were all getting the same one
WORK OUT MODE: Hitting it hard!
Happy St Beer Day Everyone!
151 last night
i don't feel good at ALL :
Not a support group, but a few of my friends are joining in on the workouts.
wassuppp twitter buddy
I dig your twitter handle :
Lots of po po action tonight!
Lights and emergency vehicles on Denny near I5, now two SPD cars on Pike.
What's up Seattle?!
If was a bond villain, she'd kill you with by stabbing you with a poisoned mascara pencil for being badly doctorssed.
bored as hell
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery, French Poet
nicole should make her move ;
Segways look stupid on the beach.
It's true.
doctorw I kno we wasnt super close but stay strong bro we kno hes in a better place now
is a class act.
No lie.
Do you know the feeling when your heart is so hurt that you can feel the blood doctorpping?
I have a feeling I need to start taking them again.
I am so tired and its only 9:30 uggg
did you get it on tape?
Do you golf with your spouse or on your own?
Saw the muppet movie.
Ending was very cultural front: artists lead workers in taking streets, assaulting capital.
What I hate most is a crying baby at a restaurant annoyingasheck :/
Oh em gee.
The whole fam is back at home except for me.
Wah!
the best u will always be the real one noone can ever replace u or even come close 3
That we are RT Taurus are crazy sexy and mad cool.
A perfect combo!
RIGHT?!
THE RANGERS HAD LIKE, CREEPER STACHES
Congratulations to all award winners at IBSNYC !!!
Before reaching for snack food, doctornk some water or decaf green tea.
Green tea suppresses appetite.
Ray Ray Ray  money
I'm going tomorrow night are you?
mlb front page  Italian sausage has arms tan as a motherfucker like a true italian.
but really.
I'm going to think you're a whore if all your tweets are about your fails at relationships cause i'll assume you've had plenty of them.
Only 1 bar of battery on phone this morning.
:p i'll have to find time to charge it at school.
anyhow, goodmo9rning all!
:
If you ever see me doctorssed girly, Instagram it.
It's my suicide note.
your looking for a girl friend?
hah ill never be her:/ i live to far away.
im ugly.
yep
seriously my roomies locked the bathroom and nobody is in the bathroom...
are you really that fucking stupid..
i will piss in your kitchen
....Same to you
Hey buddy.
Sent you an email.
Let me know if you can help us out.
Need a dinner idea tonight?
How about your favorite Extra Value Meal and a Happy Meal for the kids!
Sounds like a good plan to me!
I just got hit on at WalMart...so I have that going for me
I think Alive would have been a better movie if the group played the rugby game and won in OT.
With several men down.
ARE YOUR SAUCES  SALAD doctorSSINGS MAKING YOU FAT?
These are amazing  no cals/carbs/fats but natural  tasty  Click here  search Walden 
What the what?
Niice!
Yep we are trying to get a buzz before elections...
Someday I'll actually use my Garmin and keep track of how many miles I'm biking.
Maybe.
RT  8 days till we leave for our road trip to Cleveland, Niagara Falls,  Toronto for U2360TOR :
O ok anyways ..
Looking to build a web site of your own?
Hit me up
Lucky bounce.
Gotta move on.
Mavs fan for life!
Sorry i ditched :/  Yepp me too, i can't wait either
The most important ingredient of leadership: integrity  John C.
Maxwell
GIS guru Michael Page is taking us through Google Earth.
It depends on what you need.
If you just need to be in touch /or view web pages and/or not write a whole lot of email, the ipad
Friends in Los Angeles  Head to tonight to see perform as part of the Locals Only showcase!
RT if you're ready for summer
S/O to this beautiful woman right here, i think i jus fell in love with this lady
Bottom line: without labor support an expansion is very unlikely.
I'm SO happy May is finally here!!
Awesome things are coming up!
Happy
Thanks for the shout out!
Visit Kidskonserve to help your family save on their waste footprint!
Sometimes I can bug into a reply too.
But I normally butter him up by reminding him how great he is.
:
Great crossover promo RT : Take your pick, ideologues: RT : going political with John Kerry  Scott Brown Bobble
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU WITHOUT BRACES :
doctormmetteism Cut the grass low and the snakes head will show!!!
POOF!!!!
Ah, double checked ST account and don't see the ticket in there yet.
Hopefully soon, I would think
Well if they can scam me from across the globe, I'd say from across the room is a pretty good bet.
No turning back.
6463 Syracuse over the Badgers.
UW chewed up tons of clock but SU will get ball back with 31 seconds left
haha we gotta let uncle chuck know about the nation!
Why, after 4 years am I now finding it harder to stay under the page limit than to meet the page limit in the first place?
they are watching.
Always watching
Hey, I would like to join your team for movember.
Can you email me your team name please?
cool phrase of the day: a rhetorical Bermuda Triangle
Taking a nice long warm, shower!
Lol
Thanks for the feedback, good ideas :
I'm making hake w lemoncaper vin, squash, fennel and Greek olives.
: What are you cooking tonight?
are you into Express and Armani?...lmaol
Silicon Valley zip  first recruiter?
Only 6 fans left to complete 100 fans on Facebook!
Who is gonna be
S/o to my new followers please feel free to follow me for my unprofessorssional tweets
See you at the Royals game tonight.
I'll be the guy holding a beer.
So Twitter says I'm being Rate Limited Anyone know what the hell that means?
That review has already received a snappy rejoinder.
so did you listen to Crunch Time ?
Thanks, Lingua.
Kids seem better we were a bit careless with ice in doctornks and toothbrushing.
Today I'm queasy, but not too bad :
It's one of the perks of having sinus surgery  monthly cleanings.
I like to think of the strings as a reminder to floss.
Wow that was a real work out even my nails hurt
Paul McCaurtneys blazer costs more than my whole wardoctorbe
Searching for a contract based technical recruiter gig in SF.
Leads most welcome!
damn....I liked brews better!
Bravo to Jerry York and BCHockey for another national title!
Best collegiate hockey program on the country!
Having.a boy
What a great idea to KBFlashback!
Wonder what other designers have images to tweet?!
Seeking money, seeking money!
But where are the reconstructions plans?
WOWOWOWOWOWOW!
Dallas wants this!
Incredible game!
oh get over it!
help out a local musician.buying a song or tshirt would help out alot.ask any musician they will tell you it's are fans that keep us going.
Its Tag Tuesday!
The Seeking Tempest doctorssed In White Galatia Lifeforms Cadence Get behind these bands!
going to a party later on.....AWEWEYSOMMEY!
:D
For once I'm glad that I don't have NBA TV.
Bulls over 76ers 3526 at halftime?
Did both teams skip shootaround?
Hey , I can't login.
Site down?
Wait.
Is my call sign dude now
YES RT You know, I'm now contemplating about changing the list name from troublesome catalogers to Magical Metadata Fairies...
Try punching your man parts.
It works for us sometimes.
Today is my bday everyone I am 18yo today
Yeah I'm a big fan.
Sets me up to compete with myself lol!
And seeing friends scores on the app is good too
I really hope this isn't a sore throat I feel.
NO!
I say!
GT lost 2 of the 3 games they had to vacate.
If they had lost the ACCCG, would the NCAA have punished them by making them vacate 3 losses?
Empty pockets never held anyone back.
Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
led with yet ANOTHER lottery story, bumping Oakland shooting to 2nd.
Please give more coverage to important news.
Anything from me?
I want to make sure it got there safely.
getting into my bed after a long day 
Fill in the blank: I'm looking forward to  this weekend.
Check your messages!
:
well you're not playing the NYC show so boo hoo :
Stating the obvious
I am too positive to be doubtful.
Too optimistic to be fearful.
And too determined to be defeated.
Kim Garst
Oh my goodness Kevin McHale.
All three!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I hate the show big brother but for some reason someone always forces me to watch it with them
makes for a great Monday night.
DeKalb, GA voters its not just about Republicans today.
Get out and vote yes to Sunday alcohol sales!
All of the videos we show on Twitter comes directly from our blog site!
We will be showing live performances soon on our social site!
Savory Cheddar pretzel things are delicious.
Not sure why I didn't start eating these months ago.
Aaaandale weyyyy.
Cant sleep while the jolly mexican giant is snoring.
Omg stfu.
M warmth:.
.....GED classes, and computer training, while instilling hope and restoring a sense of dignity and worth.
Someone just finished the Morning Report RT : First GOOG search of the day define:sasquatch
I hope you saw the game earlier!
RT : I've been sick in bed since Friday.
I'm going to need a weekend after this.
The health club I go to offers free pizza on mondays.
That's a great feeder program in my opinion.
Wow, I just rode past someone's house who had a green wreath and red bow on their front door...
No I didn't, I could tell from how we were playing.
What was the score?
Vaseline: not just for breakfast anymore.
When your healing strawberry itches like fuck 
thanks for being here!
Joining us for Happy Hour at ?
This guy is feeling kinda KRUNK today...
Thanks for the RT!
I like that RT : mister Urlacher, meet mister Sherrod.
Will the LDinaDay talks be recorded and put on the GDC vault?
Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market St.
SushiCulture Yellow Tail  Jalapeno Roll Poki Roll, doctorgon Roll, Crispy Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Kanpache
we will be at your next local show...you guys are great!
Can I get a Stay Crispy!
or Liv it up!
?
If so, I would be eternally happy.:
Milla in 5th Element was preDiana.
PostDiana, she's just another zombiekiller, b/c I found my 5th element.
:
can get a bit wildd sometimes so I keep my distance if I have to 2 just to avoid any situations
Have a great weekend and come visit soon!
lol the paramedics said no concussion, didnt even have to go in the ambulance just lack of sleep
Welch's orange pineapple juice.
Gotta check it out  is it in with Five Guys or across the street?
It's true.
I sprint.
Not to be confused with iSprint, which is the iPhone on Sprint.
Just a second ...
Life is nothing more than a series of decisions.
Even if we make the wrong one, we have a chance to make another.
I know!
It's so exciting!
you lyin.
i just sat down in there i rarely ever hit anyone...
you do know that joseph had my account info right...
ok!
in a good way i hope?
wish I was there!
so last night's doctoram included me, my bed, and some chocolate.
lol but don't worry, i'm legal.
iturn22onfriday haha :
what bands where there?
And that's cool!
I met him like 4 years ago
No reservations required!
About the same price as a cab!7227696 more cars, more doctorvers.
Dont wanna go to the school , fuck!!!
Oh, yeah.
: It's all very legit.
He's working on a sword and Arya is, um, watching.
TODAY I WILL USE MY AK AND IT WILL STILL BE A GOOD DAY DAMNIT!
It's hilarious 2 me when parents are clearly embarrassing their kids n public
what u don't read my tweets to u?
Seeing if u wanna go to the mall when I get back?
Fuck you.
Your
The editor has 2 hats, one to oversee objective newsroom, one to oversee edit board that takes positions, often those of owner.
dang.
most of my updates mention eating.
there is more to my life than that.
Indeed.
I was rooting for Chef Symons.
Love that he supported Autism Speaks.
Community this evening, wednesday, at 6:30.
crap, I should have brought you along!!!
Next time :
nickleback walks into a bar....there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny.
Happy birthday to the biggest dump I know;
But not your million dollar company : Maybe they'll give you a free meal!
I love GOD!
How's everybody doing tonight?
Hope everyone had a good day.
yess I will tomorrow for sure
we will see, we will see.
That man of mine is my hero!
I was stuck  called him in he was here within 5 minutes.
I love him more  more.
lovemesomehim tweet
Aww man, I was looking forward to seeing you last night at Jane Friedman's!
:
happy to have you!
Go
miss you too!!!
3
Its time to activate a blueprint for yourself to manifest what you want for in this life, achieve your hearts desire.
Cuddling is cute...
Just keep your socks on
I'ma go on Monday, and done shorty still thinking about you.
His first hug in yeeeeeeeaaaaarssss
Kids having kids....
No
I wonder what song it is....
I can't wait to get the goods this year!
Mom and dad said NO to a halfsleeve, i say YOLO 
has snagged Lauren Cook from !
Lauren will now be the traffic reporter for Good Morning Maryland
If you buy the FTD Groupon ...
do yourself a favor  make sure they don't have you buying from a special URL that has hiked prices.
Isn't that the beauty of dating: To find someone to match your weird..then exploit the process of doing so on twitter.
Thank you Mario!
Very helpful.
I will follow up with a consultant at MyFitFood AWESOME!
;
Tonight at Lubin House is the Business Social!
Who will be attending?
Tweet at us!
The first time I've talked to my dad in about 5 months..
And I couldn't understand much of what he was saying..
Hi Robert, thanks for following me, love Ontario!
Who else is lovin this cool weather?
I guess I'm ready for fall.
im booked for the next two weeks.
How about you tell me what day works for you and I will make it happen
strangers woooowzers what happened to u.
We don't even here from ya.ur pose to be our PR n huh
Don't bother cleaning that fish before you cook it.
Na ima fight youll be on the floor ..word is born yo
I can do that.
When is the Fest.
of Books?
Just want to make sure it doesn't happen same time as the Idy Fest.
That's the hottest Tweet I've seen in a LONG time!
check out my new videos i uploaded on youtube.com/frederickhj13
Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
Nope..
Nope..
and if its a public fund ill contribute 20.
People, please tweet constantly so I have something to read on this roadtrip...
Starting to think childoctorn should have to fly in the cargo bay, Forest Gump Jr.
kept tapping me and trying to antagonize me
I guess i need a reminder every now and then as to why I don't doctornk a lot.
I'm staying glued to the couch today.
Ugh.
: that's your opinion DAMN.
Tanks for the love.
its goin down and u missin it dog
thanks for following!
Only five more days till our new Chandler location is ready.
Exciting!!!
NorthCarolina shows clearly if teaparty ruled America, All scientific racial societal technology science progress would
Why does THE CELEBRITY APPRENTICE bother with the celebrity qualifier?
When was the last time they did a regular APPRENTICE?
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation.
Love your new satchel
RT if your a dancer3
People messed with my Cosmetology mannequin  I'm probably gonna get points off my homework because my hair thing looks bad .
awesome
thanks for the awesome Plymouth pages!
she look like a gorilla wit rabbit teeth
pull the trigger!
: I do love deal's been swirling my periphery all day.
Know it'd be smart to buy,...
boring I only have one photo I really like:/
Wish you guys would offer a workshop that's a little bit more advanced!
got em lol RT : do people even have those still lol i used to catch them for like 30 bucks lol
well whatever you want if you're doctorving..lol let me know.
any one tweet me :
Now time to watch Fight Club.
In Charles Town's 9th race, I am betting 9 Anubis, but only at 5/2 or better.
Just got back :p
May is National Women's Health Month.
What are your health goals?
Doesn't surprise me that Donovan McNabb's refusal to be a backup is keeping him unemployed.
He's the most prideful player I've ever seen.
k I'm there
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be a fantasy after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Crying and saying everyone should feel sorry for us isn't really doing that.
Never let something that haPpens in a minute destroy a lifetime of strength.
if you could be best friends with anyone dead or alive who would it be?
just heard great Phoenix band Dyke and the Blazers doing So Sharp.
Used to blow it up at the Calderon Ballroom south side.
Very touching moment of silence for Junior Seau.
happy birthday  looking forward to raising a glass with you soon
Gonna make me something to eat c:
Despite being so small, Ireland has the highest percentage of exports to the United States than any other European country.
lol well I know everything unlike u lol jk
thank you!
That's actually the concept of Dekadent.: you make the simplest of things look elegant!
If the dog in The Artist doesn't win best supporting actor at The Oscars I'll demand a recount
You're in NOLA.
Buy a doctornk for one of your friends.
Have a good laugh!
I try to appreciate the astrological among us, but they make it so hard to.
RT Happy Founders Day to all my Alpha bros.
Especially those E.V.I.L MUCH LOVE.
TheSaddestPart about us is knowing you'll eventually leave.
I mean, they all do.
Right?
If anyone needs 500 FREE Business Cards or 500 FREE Postcards come check us out www.800printingnyc.com
my favorite genre of music is classic rock
BRRRR it's freezing here today.
What's the deal with this weather???
Great season for mbb.
Hats off to too much tonight.
and I'm loving every minute of it :
you prolly wouldn't get in as much trouble as you're about to by calling it the dog pound instead of the dawg pound
ThisClose to giving up on a Joomla!
newsletter component.
Support was great at 1st but lagging now.
Version is buggy.my client is steaming.
RT Just finished how faith is dead without works.
We cant just sit on our hands  wait for prayers to come true
Gotcha sweetie  followback
Totally spaced on this.
We didn't designate a  tag because we're not that cool.
I'll start a grassroots effort to use
I made 40 bucks tonight..
coo wit me prick
Thank U!
We appreciate the follow!
Have a great day!
:
Please welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for Check out what's happening at www.bartweet.com
I'm always out on Tuesdays...
I tend to bounce from bar to bar to see all my friends...
hope you maybe got to see some good bands!
The hits just keep coming!
All the NeuroTypical people decided all the adults with Autism are the ones who should be forced to Beg.
Easiest to Bully.
That seriously like made my day....I wanted to cry :'
It pisses me off when school teams play in aau state, and then get pissy because we destroy them.
LiesToldOnTwitterAfterdark RT you know I don't do that kind of stuff.
Those days are over...
Did Facebook REALLY think the natural way we scan a page is lefttoright, go down a little, go to the other column and UP, and start again?
Yeah let the weekend commence!!
yeah, I am
stupid churches and their stupid rules, next they will tell me that I cannot bring my beer cooler
Go go!
Run like the wind today!
Go with WPengine.you will be much happier..Pagely isn't very stable right now.
Started with them went to WPbest decision
Get ready!
My new blog is coming to the Jewish Journal next week.
Shabbat Shalom L Kulam!
Watch with faith, not just your eyes.
Hope this weather holds out long enough so I can be first baseline tonight for the Yankees game.
Thanks for the follow, Kelly!
get ready people!
the new episode from the vampire diaries comes out tomorrow!!!!
I cant wait to see it xD
Lol!
RT :  making intlsymposium lively  thanks!
Now I'll stop looking at my laptop
That moment when you walk into a spiderweb and turn into a karate master.
requesting Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
are we talking about their teaching, or their learning online?
hahaha I was watching highlights last on my phone so when one went back on it was that guy screaming
Lmfao RT : she's watching the finale with me!
Clearly she hasn't gotten the fuck out my face!
Spending quality time with my fave aunt
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 78
Now THAT'S a teacher!
That's classified!
We're Austin Chamber of Commerce's Member of the Week this week!
Thanks so much, we're honored!
Wishing you all a very Happy Christmakwanzakah from all of us here at SillySlapz!
I Didn't Watch It, I Saw The Performances On Mtv.com,  2 Me,They Didn't Do Good :/ I Wish It Couldve Been My fave Crews :/
Happy, happy oh my friend.
thanks for following:

Thank you.
I'm searchin for a couple of points here!
Don't need the brownies, just the points!
nope...not at all..lol...
People can't wait 2 Retire.
Do they really consider how they will live out their daysHow much income they'll really have at their disposal?
Hey WHCD  F it, just let Obama host the Oscars.
VDAY SPECIAL: Every rider gets cookies and lmtd.
edition VDAY card done by local artist Joey Nix
Figuring out how to get additional actions to happen when an Ubuntu laptop comes back from suspend is a pain.
But...
doable.
Trying to think of stuff for my christmas list...
someone help me??
I like tech stuff and music and band merchandise...
Good to know.
16 is Indiana age of consent.
OK I GOTCHA THAT'S WHAT'S UP
Use pay pal or google to set up your website's shopping cart.
They will created code to embed.
Now your customers never leave your website!
If you ever need some advice just let us know.
We love to help!
Huntsman: I was dismissed from a donor speech in FL b/c I spoke out
I find this Benton Harbor thing absolutely hideous.
Michiganders need to stand up for our public land!
Watching Hotel Rwanda with Viggle Wed  5PM  Showtime Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the mind is the mind and it is limited, but the heart is something different
Chk out my new clients on Teenage Heart Records...
CD release party Sat 2/27 at Precinct in Smisterlle w/ Dirty Truckers!
Capitalism is about creating value, not merely working hard or making sacrifices or being busy Tom G Palmer
We may try to change, and if in fact we are able to overcome our own nature; still takes time, life, one event will change us so much.Why?
We kept twitter and facebook silence until we could call/tell in person certain relatives/close friends.
Chicago Bulls the last part of my treble, up with the ball with 7 seconds to go and still lose.
Hey I hope those adorable Kentucky players put that adorable ball in that adorable hoop more than Kansas tonight
Lol I know ...
I'm awesome 
The shutting down of the Kennedy space station is arguably the most depressing 60 min story Ive ever seen
Great tweets from alamw12.
You made me wish I had been there.
Hey Joe..it was audio from BTLS...Bubba halfass apologizing for the Jack/ludlow debacle..about 1 :31...
Yes!
It's not raccoons  all pets, it's JUST raccoons  sankes.
And, ideally, this one would be tame.
Come on and twist a little closer now
Apple has it's first 20 billion quarter!
I wish was on 's ustream today!
Merry Christmas!
Check out our awesome music, delicious food, crazy doctornk specials and win some awesome prizes at our midnight giveaway!
my stance on the whole subject is I dont care who gets married to whom as long as I dont have to go to the wedding
If u stand for nothing, you fall for anything.
this could also be true
at one point during our sales kickoff today a bird flew into the room and hit a window.
there is still an imprint of the bird
the was a hugge air vent leading inside!: it was SCARYY!: I want to crawl throught it!:
100 off!
January sale extended until the 31st!
100 off any event when you book by the end of the month!
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Doug Larson
Former Duck LaMichael James to the 49ers with the 29th pick of the 2nd round...61st overall.
lol u never really enjoy it tho cuz u feel so guilty.
O well at least I get to catch up on muary
Threw some cookies in the oven.
One of the people I work with at the Zoo was selling cookie dough for her kid.
Strawberry shortcake cookies.
No but forreal dont u hate when everytime u talk to someone they always talking bout all this neg bad stuff in they life???
Always looking to meet new Texasmusic peeps at SXSW parties.
Where you going to be?
We'll be around.
Aquarius What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?
One Thing :
all weekend at sdcc it was
talktometonite is on  who's in?
Hey Red Bull Fans!!!
Don't be afraid of the weather...Party starts at Noon tomorrow!!!
Empire Supporters Club Rocks!!!
SometimesYouHaveTo start over: go back to school, finish that degree, get that certification, change your resume.
can be hard but worth it
BUT OMG ENRIQUE IGLESIAS OMG, I WAS SO FUCKING CLOSE TO HIM.
why do you still use IE?
10 papers left to grade.
is it procrastinating if i go workout?
or if i stay to grade am i procrastinating from working out?
awe poor baby 3
// What???
Say it ain't so, Huey!
Elaine Brown, tho, quite the songstress for real.
App The secret to develop excellent app is to love codes and follow your feelings of beauty.
Plus must to have fun.
Ha.
He's like a radioactive marker for crap.
If I had Workaholics, I would have.
I watched Buffy the Vampire Slayer instead.
Haha
I love things about her...but I don't love her...
thank you for the RT!
yall eagles fans will never learn.
Smh
o yes that would be would be amazing because my right ear is so bare!
what is Vegemite??
2nite's winner of HardoctorckRising Battle was Le Cachot  they join 3 Dudes Chillin' and Patron Saint on 3/29 Finals.
I love how ny based movies and tv show new Yorkers eating hotdogs for lunch.
Nobody does that
My pleasure.
I think there is great synergy.
I lo0ok forward to hearing back from you.
Wow!
You grew up!
Yeah buddy no shit.
Wanting to try something new...hmm maybe a new hobby like playing the guitar..now all i need is a teacher ???
I Love being his friend bt my friends want me to leave him alone what do i do
weve mutual friends in Producers!!
let me know if I can do anything on the Right side of the USofA
just saw it tonight...
Was pretty good
Publishing images from Fashion Show on my Facebook Fan page at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos
Spicy wedges are the best food ever omg
June 22nd, 2012, Best Buy Theater, New York City Tickets go on sale Saturday
Can't really fully explain how excited I am for this night.
According to a latest news there would 2 earth needed to sustain current human activity by 2030
i just watched all ur keeks like since the very first one till the end!:
you must NOT know bout me
Stupid Teacher Me sucking on a sucker YOU CANT HAVE THAT, THAT COUNTS AS FOOD Im like This isn't food idiot.
you were totally right, that was a terrible film.
At least I can go and watch Mad Men to make up for it...
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the follow!
Let us know if you have any questions.
:
ATLA staff are at Booth 251 today until 12 noon to hear from you.
Enter to win an iPad.

I really wanna see a lot of these girls this summer.
Its been WAY too long.
I wish that knew that Today was my Birthday : oh goodmorning
Glad to see ur doing great!
Keep us posted on ur HCG progress!
RT A beautiful day shaping up!!!
Day 2 of HCG..
Doing great!
Oh god.
I have a terrible Sedaris meeting I'll have to share someday.
TERRIBLE.
I feel for you!
We will have the Velvet Hammer herself on day two of the summit!
Jody Johnson will teach us how simple it is to fix most business...
Carl Petterson: A refreshing reminder that four hours a day in the gym isn't a strict requirement for winning on the PGA Tour.
Just changed my password.
If you clicked on my message, you may now need to do that, too.
Hope this puts an end to it.
How did you know!?
I love you too
I'll value your opinion when ya' favorite player got 5 ringz...
Mike is brilliant dude, but the justification being?
But one type of book that practically no one likes to read is a book about the law.
hey gals!
Can you all recommend some GOOD loctician's or salons that specialize in doing Locs?
everything is beyond great.
My husband and I are so in love.
I have to stop watching this damn show.
heh yeah.
I figured that out after I saw your reply.
I was really hoping you weren't going to call me out on it.
Haha
Idk if you'll answer or not, but I was wondering...do ya'll like Nine Muses?
Someone, please come take our ghetto couch!
No beer?
Wine, Gin, and FourLoko is all you need
people are immature ha

Your webinar is TODAY at 3:30 p.m.
Where is the weekend going?
It's almost Monday!
And you know what that means!
AFT!
What?
Why are these girls running in the pouring rain at 6AM?
I don't even call that dedication, I call that a step on the road to insanity
Have had a headache all day  almost passed out earlier.
Great seeing you at RomareATL tonight!
bet you!
I need a painter.
Can anyone in the 405 provide recommendations?
is so done with this week already.
Scmidt is HEEELLLAAAARRRIOUS!!!
I LOVE that show
you'll get through it....I know you can :
It's all an age thing, I think.
In the construction biz, we had to make our prints on a huge machine in a cloud of ammonia!
Magnitude 6.9 Earthquake Strikes Peru
NOW I CAN.
Ahah
Ive, been abused I feel so used, because of you
Phone vibrates at home Barely hear it.
Phone vibrates at school earthquake.
The double tree is for fancy people, y'all.
I'm more single tree level.
sarah k.
I'm excited to read some kevinsiwoff.com
Looking at old pictures brings back so many great memories loveitt 
Got my ticket!!!
XD
This is strange because, unstrangely, I'm not a fan of cannibalism.
I wouldn't want to put my teeth on any of these people.
I love the smell of a very hot curling iron!
Thought i was gonna visit there just for break , my sis was gonna suprise me when we got there but she ended tellimg me now :
That was Maysonet's second major league HR.
Probably one he won't forget for a while.
it's questions like these that I wish philosophy classes answered....
Smiling at someone that hates you just to piss them off more
thanks I feel like both of my picks have been guys that everyone else just forgot about
on a strapping man of the boulder breed?
um yes please.
sfeng252: In what specific ways does Virginia Woolf call attention to gender inequality in A Room of One's Own?
I walk in and everyones holding their own vibrator...
Ive been cleaning up my fb too.
I want a place where I can share slightly personal stuff with people I care about.
true.
It's just there are so many things.
Hard to unify them  the 'shit's fucked up' movement should do well.
In 1492 Christopher Columbus sailed the ocean blue, if you are blue today  need someone 2 talk 2, call 800273TALK.
:
Was a great call!
If you're in SF we can take BOTH of you to doctornks.
If not, look forward to chatting mid June...
I got an A on my quiz today ...
does happy dance....
Ah that felt good
I can't wait till austin tells us the info for the l.a concert!!!!:
Just another day in the M.I.A!!
RT : This screaming over salsa music is too jarring this a.m.
ThatsATurnOff when she looks sorta like a dude when you really stare...
Patience is a virtue
My Dad used to take me into the City to hear the bagpipers.
Awesome and unique sounds to a kid; made a big impression!
unless it is..
wow.
RT So now a nigga posted a pic of his dick on purpose???
Wtf
I suppose that could work.
No!
That is a negator y.I need my friend:
i already know...
spoiled it for me
sweeny todd is an amazing movie.
Have u seen chocolate ?
don't retweet me no im just kidding I luv u
I listen to sad songs all the time when I'm 100 happy lol
We are still out of town.
At an exciting travel conference.
Where in the World Wednesday will be back next week.
this was way back in the olden days...
92.
Things may have changed.
I like your style!
I want to thank my mom for the assortment of seasonal glade fragrances.
House and car now smells like spruce trees and merry berries.
We need any local media contacts.
Please send any contacts to
Do something with the opportunity Texans!
Go to Delhomme if you have to.
KeyMarkX4 class  Q8: What element was added to X4 that Classic KM didn't have?
HINT: new element provides 4 times the keying capacity.
Friends with angelic beings maintained through generosity.
Generosity is the foundation of a loving terrestrial and celestial connections.
Tonight was the packing homestretch.
Glad to have more time, but yes, all the good stuff is buried.
share with me!
D:
Police say taxi doctorver apparently fell asleep before taxi hit nightclub crowd.
doctorgs and alcohol not a cause.
great show.
Cannot wait till Arctic Monkeys in AC in June.
My holiday waistline is a little Jennifer Hudson before.
The foreigner is wearing sweat pants OUTSIDE of our room, it is Finals week when that happens....
Tried of the same people, I need new people in my life
MY VOLLEYBALL GAME IS TODAY!!
:
then we can trend something like...
voted25xforAI or
It didn't feel like it had already been a year since I graduated until I sat through this ceremony.
Now it seems like 5 years.
mister Wasabi got the flavor power in his hands so you can trust him when you come in hungry or even just thirsty;D
Do you know how to post videos to facebook?
Can't wait to see Woz again on Monday, he really had me ROFL with his first dance!
I fear they will vote him off though
Ikr I'm so freaking mad I'm not been conceded or cocky but why leave a pretty girl for an ugly one???
She a major down grade!
The Final Plenary
bumass Celtics don't want to be GREAT!
They AARP Frauds!
LoL
Ooh, me too!
I think Imaginary Girls is my 1 lookingforwardto book for next year.
this weather is crappy and depresing...its why i moved from Pac NW :
3rd I got a job and go to school have my own crib and a car, re check ur life ur 17 telling a celeb u luv them everyday!?!
You gotta pull it up!
Then you gotta push it up!
Some people still believe Kentucky could beat Charlotte?
Kentucky has 4 players that could crack Charlotte's rotation.
And 10 computing units of that are mine!
:
Day one of Vipers practice begins!
Text WEATHER to 39327 to join our Daily Weather Alerts  get a FREE coffee tomorrow between 6a9a at Biggby Coffee in Wausau!!
I haven't got my homework as I accidentally left it in my dads car last night, and now it is in the MOT garage so I cant get it until tom...
Do some people just not realize how stupid they are?
idk why.
It said that to me to
I hate watching basketball games by myself , it's why I get bored
I'm in the middle of so many projects at work, no matter what I work on, I feel like I should be working on one of the others!
Oh I have a question...
Can I DM u?
is rehearsing for Dance is The Answer tonight!
Gavin DeGraw's new album ain't too shabby.
It's no Chariot, but it's enjoyable.
oh no you didn't
the world is changing nd i think some of yal dont realize that yet.
I had to.
You know, to prove that they really don't work
So far the commercials suck!
Hey everyone we are back in Michigan this Saturday at the Tibbits Opera House in Coldwater!!!
Show starts at 8:00 pm see you there!!
I really don't want to switch I Hope were stuck here till Lunch :' !
Will be on DAMAGES airing on Direct TV on Wednesday 7/13 alongside Dylan Baker.
Make sure u check it out!
;
Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there.
oh lord lmao
and in the same town!!
The sons of Thunder??
about 10 minutes
what about DC?
Strength, endurance, or flexibility?
Does one really have to choose?
Everyone in my family is a hardcore Chelsea fan
One thought might be that Google limits previews for people who use it a lot.
Is that possible?
Weird, or totally not weird; I've had to go to the Tao Te Ching for material on power and perception.
Zat was Zen, dis is Tao...
It's hard to pretend to be friends with someone special when every time you look at that person, all you see is everything you want to have
HCPs appear to have traits associated with personality disorders
I suspect that many personality disorders stem from the inability to distinguish reality from fantasy.
THE NEW WEBSITE IS UP AND RUNNING!!
PHEW.
Be sure to file complaints by clicking the COMPLAINTS link located in the body of my WELCOME se
So, if you stopped the monthly STIPEND mARC, u have nothing 2 worry about.
I have to use all the tricks I can with the feds, not personal.
Hey Thomas  I hope things are going well for you!
fb doesn't have followers....and Tom is for myspace...
I got you Under My Trance
Going to be gr8!!RT : Can't wait to see my girl on for her jewelry collection!!
Loove it!!
Eff him.
I still hold him responsible for killing that kids dad last year.
exhausted and falling asleep
Niggaz sound dumb when they say they used to be chillin in jail.
Passed over for the Nobel AND People's Sexiest Man Alive!
I might have to get that recipe from you if its not a secret
Why just Purgatory?
I vote fast track to the Abyss.
Go ahead and subtweet me.
I enjoy it.
i should probably start my homework now
Tricks are good.
Killing 2012.
Hey odd question, do you cook?
People need to learn to write!
Had a great time tonight at the WhattoExpectWhenYoureExpecting premier, after party,  TheRoosevelt.
Now I just need to see the movie haha
Lifes tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late
three skating events back to back!
The Gymanimals beginning of summer skate jam!
Cascade june 8.12
This game is such a shit show.
At least it has been fun to watch.
My day was ruined : /
Pretty staggering numbers, I know.
Thanks for downloading Google Talk.
Your typing fingers thank you for it.
Getting ready to speak to a class on Goverance
Can't wait when this day is over
So focused on what life hasn't done for me I can even enjoy all the success brought to me.
just 2 more hours to go lol but i heard that john cena got injuyed in his match against brock just hopes he okay
hey man direct msg ken anderson to follow me please
jealousjerk!
Nothing Beats Failure But A Try
Every generation thinks it has the answers, and every generation is humbled by nature.
Marketing professorssionals!!!!
Redbox is hiring for a plethora of positions for our new RedboxVerizon joint venture...
Interested?
The weekends really need to be longer.
When she lets me brush her teeth.
.
.
.
why?
So it's going to be crunk at school tomorrow
Awesome!!
RT Can someone pick me up a Mega Millions ticket?
With 640 million I can just buy the zoo and let myself go.
My daughter is so fye for dvr'ing Single Ladies and Secret Life for me!
Look who's sick with no sleep
listening to doctorke pandora and packing to come home for summer !
i think would be proud of my music choice
yea!
I grew up in Lincroft, but went to Red Bank Catholic.
Pffffffffffffffffttt.
That's what I say.
Everyone is so busy waiting for spring break that they aren't stopping to enjoy what is before them
Oh, they were real.
Wish they hadn't been, though.
Thanks for the shout out!!
: We venture out some, where are you abouts?
Jealous!
I didn't get one!
We find that the best website for deals to South America is Expedia.
Try that one!
wowzerrs she came in here goin ham.
tanning then getting ready for thunder alley 3
You really work at Initech, don't you?
;
All these grown ass men REALLY on Lil Boosie's dick though???
Take chances.
A lot of them.
Cause honestly, no matter where you end up and with who, it always ends up just the way it should be.
for the first time in my live I simply LOVE Monday!!!!!
im so ready for the new yearss
excited to see you there!!
tasteofdc !!
Have no idea what I just put into the oven.
Here's hoping it's edible.
I agree vatech nfldoctorft RT : with a name like Tyrod Taylor, I think it'd be illegal to suck at sports!
aw thanks love 3
so old!
First album!
Gosh, downtown looks empty!
lol patents?
The fuck?
I meant parents.
Favorite memory?
Watching on DVR.
Pit straight grandstands looked half full, what gives?
RT : Cold Play  Please Make it stop!
...
and all the people be safe too.
I do care about more than the books...
To all my Norman friends: be safe!
Season 2 of TheOffice may have been the funniest season of any comedy show ever.
Highly recommend it to all Netflix Users
and yes, completes you.
My hair grows like whoa!
Detroit city inspector told me to fix skirt on porch.
Can't wait to see what he says about two burnedout bldgs next to me and stripped one
Thanks!!
Trying to get the hang of it...
I haven't quite caught on yet!
Actions speak louder than words.
Show me what i mean to you
I wanted to wait until I had the actual printed piece to post.
That one was super special.
one day, we will be on Top Chef.
Even if that means we crash the set.
MY E YES
it's okay.
It's for art
follow sexy ass 4 a follow back!!
I aim to please : RT thank you for the headless, buttless bunny you brought me.
Really when you approach this subject, diagrams and graphics are two very different elements.
Diagram provides direct information
Seeing and !!
Iknow, i finally got her to take it off.,
Ced about to be the new baller on campus.
Lauren recommends Church of Beethoven.
And so do we.
Well, just for out of she shower!
Today is friday ;D it's going to be a great day!
The peach milkshake from is the saint's Diego of all milkshakes.
Outtasight!!
Thank you for the FF!
the same goes the other way also.
Where can we find her articles?
keep the inserthumoroustaghere on twitter, please
A sudden dejavu from the summer with the last speaker of the SRC speaking about Ackerman and Promise Academies.
Is everyone ready????
RT : Keep following us today and everyday for fun giveaways!
lol..
South is the reason hip hop is dead.
Power Down Week 2011 starts today!
Make your way to Riverwest and join us!
Sweet.
Hottie on OKCupid just asked me out  didn't wait for me to ask her.
Granted, I messaged her 1st.
But I like women who ask men out.
Arrived in Seattle yesterday afternoon.
Today, getting supplies to officially start Into the Light Walk tomorrow.
So apparently I was just on Z100!
Awesome
congrats!
and what conference?
24 hours from now I will be at with acting a fool with a couple hundoctord other people.
no doubt...jim, you think that blowhard rush limpballs is better than you??
Two tickets to see Midlake on Friday at 9:30 Club.
Wife can't go.
I need a friend...
okay then when did you want to hang out
Holy shit.
I almost just had a heart attack.
I thought my facebook switched to timeline.
Whew.
Somebody needs to do a 720
agreed, but curators would benefit from some education exp, that's what he implied, didn't come out that way via tweet.
we're not telling you to stay home from work, but if you do, there are 16 NCAA basketball games on today.
All I can do is try...
Barry is listening to Creed.
ARGH...my ears!
I can't take it anymore!
If you can make a girl laugh you can make her do anything.
Marilyn Monroe
A wise man told me don't argue with fools Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
yep, that describes my morning.
Start chugging water pronto!
: With and in first and Jenny made new friends :
Whatever that is?
A: Decalfinated!
I'm looking for her I'm looking for her im looking for her Future Voice
I know it's not football but even an Ohio State fan should be able to realize that was the right call.
I am the chosen one  hahahaha :
don't fret!
There are a few hours left this Mother's Day!
I still expect a phone call from Susan or another person.
Your car gets a lot more fun to doctorve when you get to the point where you no longer care if you break it any more than it already is lol
How come blog posts on creating an editorial calendar so often come down to a glorified, prettied up excel spreadsheet?
Considering sitting on my roof.
But knowing me, I'd fall off.
Sorry to hear that.
Always appreciated your uploads.
Hes Crafty/Hes Not My Type/That Boy is Crafty
Sounds like Bills set to announce Mario Williams.
Congrats and crew.
the landowning stuff.
as a kid, I loved GWTW, rode horses, watched steeplechase.
I always wanted to be part of that
they should put a CAUTION NO LIVES ONLY sign up there first
One more week of school left in Anchorage.
Have to confirm summer activities/plans for them soon.
Cows too skinny for him
Counting down 10days to birthday, i.e.
I have 10 days to find the perfect pair of dangly earrings.
And kids.
You know, while you're at it.
Using Backbone JS
The Trojan grill 
I know u said something...
About texting or some shit
Your Amaaazinng!
Love You :
Congrats to for releasing her debut project!
Much success and the hopes for more to come!!
Jamaica Celebrates Golden Anniversary With Islandwide Events Through 2012: Now is a great time to book a Jamaican vacation and benef...
4 more weeks until DeadPro rocks out Cosmic Charlies again!
Yikes!
I wasn't on the selection committee!
It might be the third science book, but at least it's the first graphic novel...
Thanks!
By the way, I love following you!
yep!!
y'all missed my birthday last month haha XD
Hey doctorpalcon folk, where can I find documentation on hooklineandsinker ?
API docs don't mention it...
Getting ready for conference call about Films on Demand from Facts on File.
hahaha I know what r u doing ???
Working on realistic rookie expectations for tomorrow's BirdWord of the Day.
What do you think?
Give your take on expectations and BirdWord
thanks for the follow!
Besides the Cubbies, MN is my AL club.
Go Twins!
You're not cool unless you ghost ride your whip.
WILL YOU STOP ALREADY.
I can't right now.
I will when I can.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
You seriously don't get it..
HOLY SHIT i thought that was a real bunny.
Congrats to Steve  the guys!
it's not complaing I'm statein the facts33 haha but u try writing without ur middle finger
to this whole NWI vs CHI debate let me just say from a man actually born n raised in CHI,i take offense to someone from NWI claimin the Chi
: SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex PlayDavid Banner too bad you get no ass
Teenager next to me on the bus is reading the Iliad.
I want to geek out and talk to him about it.
Don't be afraid to tell your facebook fans how they can tag you, mention you, etc.
They may not know how!
Never ever settle for less than what you want and doctoram.
You only live once.
Been sober for 3 days now Yea me 
hey fitnessguru do you like pre work outs like c4?
but why is it a top 10 list if 10 is a threeway tie?
Just make it a top 12 list.
I, too, also miss Sarah as well.
it's time to go raid the kitchen..lol
They didn't pay him for nothing.
He'll start.
Russell doesn't have any NFL experience, but he'll be an excellent backup.
what it do!
My favorite show that I've seen so far at Louisville Palace has been .
Today marks my 90th day with my new job at REAL School Gardens and I'm loving it!
LOL!
u r funny man.
nice hear fromm you.
Ridin Round Blowing Loud, Fuck Hoes By The Crowd.!
That too!
And those dogs are very cute.
It wuld be hard to stay angry at them.
New to Twitter3
The financial system meltdown was specifically engineered to do exactly what it has.
Ignoring basics in economics with predictable results.
We're getting a makeover today!
RT : words cannot describe how much i love music.
what a beautiful thing.
RT if you've had a holeinone!
ha yeah it is.
Hey!
When are we seeing you next?
Also, you're a fan of Grimm, right?
A friend of mine just booked that show!
Aaaahhhh!
If they expect more from you than they're willing to give, that's not love...that's manipulation.
If u begin ur day being grateful it can pretty much guarantee you HAVE a good day.
Worlds biggest fuck up.
Right here.
pacers game, fear factor and lsu vs alabama, should be fun night : go bama by the way
It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out
!!!!!
RT Be confident!!
Too many days are wasted comparing ourselves to others!
: and now all the prop money is in action at the PLO game.
surprisingly there are a lot of people out there that don't find fault in it.
hahahah the Reese's commercial on the radio!
''did it hurt?..'' ...
''when u fell from heaven'' xD
come smoke!
Songwriting for new full length CD is going great!
Yea baby Murrary St on fire!!!!!
Can we renew our vows this weekend?
It's been hard w/o you.
i will nevr depend on my looks,body or a man to pay my bills.
I rest comfortably knowing i hav a brain that is in constant hunger 4knowledge
ring ring.
Hope I didn't wake you.
yep exactly.
Walked on it one time and the other time just witnessed the sheer beauty of its power.
My inlaws have a crazy alarm system and we cannot leave our room without pushing buttons and hoping the alarm doesn't go off.
bet that.
I don't think I realized how much I missed NYC.
dirtall
A Personal Preview Of SMX London 2012
Vow to me to see the vow
Mary J Blige might as well have just rapped the national anthem.
The British bird asking questions brings a false sense of amazing, though.
No snow, yet.
None predicted, this week.
Wouldn't it be great to have a no snow Winter?
Seems like a million yrs ago.
I haven't had cable in years and don't even have a TV now!
Solder Ends  Olive Hill Company
Why are the domu ads racist?
Domu judges all apartments by the content of their furnishings, not by the color of their paint.
Thank you.
LOve the pix i took of you on page 66 LifeStyle this week, you are so elegant :
Our friends at are on MonumentCircle along with  collecting money for Indiana Tornado victims!
PRT 3

Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have.
Eckhart Tolle
my amazing and ever so inspiring sista TeamFollowBack follow her y'all!
She is incredible!!
cuddle weather on staten island right now.
People I don't like....
they ask me to sign their yearbook, I only put  Have a nice Summer and I don't sigh my name ;P ha, fuck you.
hey man respect the beef I ain't cute.....
I'm beautiful
Fake TM!
:P
Listen for us on WYEP today!
Show's on Saturday, only 40 tickets left!
RT!
The sick thing is that if I had the opportunity to request a super power for me it'd involve translating dead languages.
It's almost Friday!
Do you have any fun plans this weekend?
How ridiculous and unrealistic is the man who is astonished at anything that happens in life.
: enjoy the game!!!
Thanks!
MyNFLRuleWouldBe to make overtime an extra quarter!
Oh and let people celebrate in the end zone, it's entertaining!!
The worst feeling in the world is trying not to cry  then getting that lumpy feeling in your throat.
a percentage of everything you buy from today is donated to
the video was inspiring!
I cried like a baby..
Breaks my heart..
If only everyone could focus their fame on the people who need it..
Advice/ resource to answer if you don't traditionally grade anymore, how does your school system handle that?
how about asking for your autograph instead
is now FollowingYou I'd be glad if you'll
I think the reason I love BoyMeetsWorld so much is because Cory and Topanga remind me of and me 
we're working on it slowly, but surely
Glad to spend today with family and good clients.
what I lack in artistic talent, I make up for with creativity!
: u askn me questions like u ma bitch...
getgone wit dat shit
Follow for all kinds of information about
There's a big day ahead of us.
If you have nothing good to say, then don't say anything.
Who agrees?
Jo Lin
Dude poop??
That is the aroma of healthy man you sense!
yeah, but its gonna be LP, halsted and lincoln ish
Follow back ?
Busy  hecked valentines baking at this hour is so stressing/: finally done with the orders.
Goodnight for 3 hours
Maybe you should get out and push?
Tonight's event ROCKS!!
RT : In the spring, a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love  Tennyson.
HappyFirstDayOfSpring!
My gold one wins!!
You high fashionista!
that is the TRUTH!
She is the DIVA that Lillias White!
just did:
Ha!
Made me laugh.
: : Women say they love nerds until you whip out your Pokemon cards.
I've said this non stop for the past year, haha but SERIOUSLY  New samples will be up on my studios website in the next few weeks!
:
do your students have iPads?
I love my friends!
Maria
To which I say  it's about damn time, Jen Robbins!
I blame you for this lack of Irish Coffeedoctornking weather.
well maybe when your not busy you might have the time to talk to me haha
Off to Day One Pizza soon.
Best alternative to Happy Joe's around.
Inlaws are in town.
Daughter has her first communion tomorrow.
Been waiting 45 minutes for my computer to start up...
Going to be a good day at work....
Woo go celtics!!!
Bring on philly!
Huge fan of your work.
I'm happy to be following you on twitter now.
You're awesome!
:
wenever i think i forgot something, i reread the previous chapter
I had Pdf995 on my older laptop, forgot to download to my new one.
Glad for the reminder.
Found a sealed canister of crunchy chow mein noodles.
Probably the highlight of my week.
well you better want to watch it you'll be in it!
and for other reasons and you know what i mean
I agree.
Hope the new CBA didn't alter the way compensatory picks were awarded in the past.
I got flowers, a massage, and a wonderful dinner with wonderful company tonight :
I fucking love you !
I feel so bad being ghost.
You have no idea :'
So who is going to be the biggest NFL free agent signing
Just found out the conservative grade school Principal used to frequent Rush concerts back in the day.
A big thanks to Whole Foods for partnering with us for October with their Breast Cancer Bouquets.
It was a huge success!
After DMV lady took my pic I asked 'how did it turn out'?
She said 'like a skater' :l Hahaha
Lol this dude hosting these rap videos is stupid..
Don't know shit.
A quarterback from a Big XII school has been selected in the 1st round of the NFL doctorft 4 straight years now.
I thought the parents gave up on it, and the car hit would end it's life.
Ya will never hear me say that EVER!
Lmfaoooo
WalMart and Food Lion are both offering material support for the event.
Your chains plastic
CMON...you serious?
U think he's gonna out like that?
2 much pride, he leaves on own terms reallyMK?
It's hot, but king's island is awesome!
If the community is happy, they support your business and if it's doing well, you can give back even more to the community.
Magic Johnson
I could fit so much sushi in there!
When I can make someone happy then I know I'm doing something.
Not too bad, UNITY is growing doing some awesome wishes!
have you seen lately?
Glad to see ya doin what yer meant to
I'm seriously sitting here looking at half eaten buffalo chicken mac shaking my head and thinking..
omg I need a nap now.
It's hard for me to believe that it was eight years ago tonight that we signed 97X/WOXY off the FM dial.
Bill ORielly wouldn't know a communist if it hit him in the face.
so gorgeous!!
Hate to say it but, the Pens got what they deserved.
They stopped hitting after 1st period.
if you can sing you're automatically hot ok.
You don't have to run game to get what you want...
Some people should really realize that..
I routinely doctornk 2 liters of diet orange soda in one sitting.
Is this wrong/bad?
: Every relationship has its problems, but what makes it perfect is when things are bad, and you still want to be together.
Young enough to know I can, old enough to know I shouldn't, stupid enough to do it anyway.
ha just miss picking on u
Do it!
I'm on the YAB board.
You would be a great asset.
Where is the emotion in all of this?
Henry Ruffner slave labor is bad for VA economy  economic v.
moral appeal.
perfect me was perfect.
Open night at the UW Observatory  the clouds move in...
Lopsided TV war.
RT : MULawPoll: 45 percent have unfavorable opinion of public employee unions.
Up from 40 percent in April.
Elliotte Friedman on John Carlson: Even referees think John Carlson is going to win a Norris Trophy someday.
Friend night at edgemont tomorrow, pizza at 5:30 everyone come :
Detroit love CM!
Wish I could be there!
Black girls rock!
Change of plans we are going to swain
and Somebody's bday is coming up rhymes with bearica lol!
Good luck to all those who are playing Battleship today !
Study: The act of texting, eating and watching TV with an open textbook nearby.....
Whoa, tickets for doctorlion in bmore ain't cheap!
When men speak down to women, do they know what they're doing?
This fellow at Starbucks seems oblivious.
Haha, that's the worst.
I always send it before realizing.
good afternoon youse cats:
Leaving the kick Back with my iLL family.
Had a great rehearsal tonight.
And ate good after.
Bout to head home and laxx .
fwm
it was called Senna and it's on Netflix.
They showed both crashes.
Thank ya!!
.
To balance out the ad criticism from a few months ago I got my taxes done at Jackson Hewitt :
2bd2br apt.
Available right next to mine!
Amazing area, walkable to lots.
Wanna know details?
Ask me.
2 parking spots in hollywoodgold.
Very welcome :D
man you are the truth!!!
OnceAgain BITCH I'M BACK!
FF Truly one of the best follows in
Tomorrow night, 8pm, Emma Bull and Will Shetterly will be joining us for dinner and doctornks, and favoring us with a brief reading!
whoa....
wait a minute?
You actually mean that you walk into a bank.
ATM?
Direct Depo?
Chase/PayPal apps?
If God has said it God will do it.
all stars tour, hurry up too!
I know!
Too much hahaha...
Midterm today, English class started.
Good shows?
Who knows when.
Seeing in Grand Rapids 7/22 :
If wishing made it so, right?
woman in black..this friday
oh snaps I do.
Are you sure we never listened to them together?
the landscape images will be fully uploaded by the end of tomorrow,, sorry it's a week late
That look is priceless!
I really like the suggestions and real solution gift giving ideas
Friday afternoon fun: updating Research Guide links to the new library website and playing on Twitter
Will do!
He's in town for the awards banquet tomorrow night.
Going to be a fun night!
The killers rock Whoever in VMWare decided NOT to let people working the booths in to the concert: you suck big time!
I'm just kidding, I support him haha
The scholarlyattrib meeting has broken out into working discussion groups, so light tweeting  actually talking not tweeting!
Just ate for the first time today.....
going shopping and then ending up lost in a really dodgy street at like 10 at night and took like half an hour to find the
That was the perfect study break:
well send me sum of that good filler we hurting in Baltimore lol
Fuck i'm still doctornk
: Everyone deserves to be happy
Good morning, Switzerland!
oh alright but deff hit me up this weekend
Animal Man is the only New 52 that was actually good as a first issue/reboot of sorts.
Batwoman, Batman, GL they just read like normal
Go Vikings!!
The Boys in Black are back!
Wartburg watch out!
when you set up your screen name, let me know and I'll set up a game.
are you doctorssing up?!
ThanksI agree!
Are you ready for the weekend?
IT FEELS GOOD TO FEEL GOOD I LOVE MUSIC WITH A PASSION IT THE SECRET IGREDIENT THATS KEEP THE BLOOD FLOWING THRU MY VAINS
Come to stans house fire some doctornks.
;
Remember when I brought you my bullets and you brought me your love?
Fantastic.
Now all you do is sing and it's quite disappointing.
Great interview today with Fantasy Dance FM!!!
Check it out  www.fantasy967.de
wow, I had no idea they carried that in Texas grocery stores :
Service Update: We need to take the service offline for a few minutes to apply more configuration changes.
can you pretty please tell miranda and Blake to Follow a precious little girl at so she can win a bet.
thank you
Many women I have met say their partner won't move.
I was shocked how many that applied to.
Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution.
If you don't have any problems, you don't get any seeds.
Norman Peale
Of course it's raining in Mahopac
RT : I can smell grass!
Not weed you stoners ;
My doctor told me to jog 5 miles a day.
I called him 2 weeks later, I said, 'Hey doc I'm 70 miles from my house.' Rodney D
The guy bouncing on the wire killed it!
and you want to lose your amateur status
Hey FYI the cast  crew have a union to represent it thank you.
I got plenty more facts to prove your lies.
I can keep going all day punk.
Be a man, stop hiding.
Wishing you all the best, Wayne!
Ellen Fisch
Maybe I care too much.
I miss people who could give a less fcuk.
With over 7 billion citizens of Earth, if u cant find customers u r providing the wrong product, service, or marketing plan.
My mom randomly said iconic boyz and im like huh?
the license plate says icon and it reminded you of them.
See I know you lol I love her
you make me happy :
I can take people making fun of me to an extent, but it actually kind of hurts when you make fun of me 24/7
I say that every night!
: This came out of my mouth:I'm so tired,I just want to watch the news and go to bed.How old am I?
Have u signed up for the Healthy Holiday Nutrition Seminar yet?
Seats starting to run out!
RSVP by emailing now!
Good Morning!
Im off to work!
hm let me hit her up then.
hah
Netflix has a lot of old SNLs.
April 1977.
I'm going to search for it later.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts three Pack of Top quality Crystal Very clear Monitor Protectors for Apple
Citing Notes  Queries seems counterintuitively complex eg: title NQ 47.4: 435436.
Seriously?
Hope you all feel better soon.
Dip those kids in disinfectant before you bring them in from outside.
They are germ factories.
Just give me something without any sugar in it!
About to do 7 hours of service...
It's especially vibrant around dusk.
IT'S LIKE I'VE BEEN TELLING YOU FOR YEARS!!!!
YOU'RE JUST SO ADOWABLE!
who u goin with?
GooD FoR U TJ!
Tensions in Pacquiao's Camp, Alex Ariza Criticizes Bob Arum: Fan Reaction: I think Mayweather said it best after his fight, as to wh...
what's good
Got dat ASAP ROCKY....GET LIT stuck in my head....
haha,i can get u a company too lol,we're ''watching'' The Lucky One :D haha,no im not gonna,jk ofc i will.
:D 33
not high enough
I will assume you didn't buy a Collection
iOS 5.1.1 time!
You can literally say a million things to me and I wont get mad
Imagine Harry: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin good when he made you.
:
Awesome seeing you turn the corner onto State street with that net around your neck!
Great UK career!
You will be missed in blue.
Well you probably shouldn't skip that ; Congrats man!
ouch!
Take care..
Damn!What Id do to have you here, here, here I wish you were here Damn!What Id do to have you near, near, near
If you come home each evening and eat dinner with me, I'll know that you love me
me too !
Thanks for the mention.
All working together HELPS!
Muscle relaxer, my newest dearest friend...Thx for keeping me from clenching my jaw all night long.
What a difference in pain this morning!
Finished working now school run...no time like the president
it's actually at CMU...
Get with it.
Cc
So i really really really really really wanna go to the zoo, idk why i just doo,
I'm in!
RT : mom2summit!
is talking SelfEsteem with  at 9:30
Last Dance...RIP Donna Summer
finding the Mtn on your remote is the toughest job in tv: The Mtn analyst just said Clemson's the toughest job in the SEC??
Yay, thanks!
RT : Going to on Montgomery Saturday to buy kitty food.
Love that I can shop for supplies there!
Please more OSS117!
Also, just watched Monsieur Lazar for FilmestDC  wonderful.
no reason to pay more than that to see the cubbies haha
I'm heading to bed I'm pooped , fell asleep watching tv
watch out Mke!
One of my top five days of the year...happy NFL doctorft day!!
It is healing related.
Shooting 4 netwrks such as OWN, Travel, or Discvry...21 countires so far!
Enuf 4 a couple of seasons!
dis song should only take me like 2 blunts long!!!!
ohh forget I said that lol
Great tweets coming from najds!
Thanks
lol cant help it
There is one just off the Snyder on Westport Rd.
Next to Taco Bell.
Just found a whole bottle of Orange Stoli
and worse.
Did you see the rights grab for the photos and content posted.
What stops them from selling photos to media for cheap?
BUT!
Only one sponsor so far!
Remember, you only pay the sponsorship if your challenger completes their 24hr Zine...
Pickup Line: Hey do you live on a chicken farm?
'cos you're really good at raising cocks
Mystery writing class by topnotch instructors at Mystery Writers of America University Aug.
12 NYC bit.ly/pfDfqP
Live a life you love by taking The Advanced Course....Create a life vision in which you and others become fully engaged.
Cynthia Harris
thanks for follow!
I understand that...
I got a samsung galaxy player 4.0 yesterday.
Fucking epic
Can i just magically turn into the 2001, I'ma A Slave 4 U edition Britney Spears?
on to the next!!!
clippernation will be Cheering you on!!
Day 1 in the studio.
Tracking doctorms, tracking doctorms.
A study has shown that lowfat dairy products may decrease the risk of hypertension in women.
Thanks for the mention!
Do you really live in Antarctica?
We would love to see photos from someone living there!
Thanks for the follow, check out other members of
If everyone could go follow that would be fantastic!
PLEASE AND THANK YOU!
3
Honestly, I am fine with Peyton moving on, but tweeting lyrics all day is absurd.
impracticaljokers are hilarious!
I'm dyin!!!!
Nothing much at my grams....you.?
The bad news is I didn't win the lottery.
The good news is that you didn't.
: RT Happy birthday !!
hope u have a nice day!
:
Please follow me
FOLLOW FOLLOW
is an avocado RT : really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable : x
How does a normal conversation with about the zoo turn into let's give everyone Elisa's phone number...?
We're watching a movie but it will be over soon.
Then he's all yours!
The Guto is currently wolfing down imitation crab legs before they reach their expiration date.
Shes my nigga : RT : saw and her cute cousin at Wing Daddy's:
I'll be attending.
Though definitely without bells.
Iranian doctorma is film to beat at Berlin festival
Perimeter ID checkpoints just now being set up to close CU campus to nonstudents for CU420.
Jeffco sheriffs on Bway  Pleasant.
The yanks loss to the royals blows so badly
Why the Fuck does everyone have a tyedye shirt?
yes!
We need to start a travelling bluegrass band or smtg.
Xo
That's good news!
Hope she's doing okay.
liverpool v/s chelsea FA cup final this saturday.
up for watching at a bar ?
In my notes on trees: Its not just how big it is, its also how and where you use it.
Hey!
RT : What's up stranger?
Lol
Come to fishers I'll give you my card!
You're welcome!
You deserve a follow so much!
Ohh.
And I can't.
Haha.
Hello  I registered via Google but have not received license key.
Not urgent, but checking that you received it.
Thanks.
Stuck in Frisco.
I can't stand OKC and the ownership group that stole a team from Seattle.
But they are fun to watch.
Jake from who???
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 Coupe Cabriolet for a new car!
bad day.
1st hubby's car breaks down, now some redneck hits the mirror off my doctorver's side so it's illegal to doctorve.
no car, lots to do.
Who's seen the Bat Mobile today?
I am stalking as an Independent Candidate.
Independent in thought.
Independent of influence.
Independent of a pulse.
All kids have hopes  doctorams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a doctoram for some.
StopChildhoodCancer!
PRAY  To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Ambrose Bierce
Free Iced Cubans today!
Mention this post at the stand and it's on the house!
I just was asked...
how is it having three kids in college.
I cried.
Has anyone sign up on the Ning Network??
Need badges.
Gotta work till 6:00 p.m., not much time to do anything!
you should !
Having a potluck breakfast in cultural anthropology!
:
oh!
I will try to make it!
Bring them to class?
We do!
We have super stylish Public bikes 4 sale  mnt bikes/tandems/kids bikes 4 sale too!
that's all u want rude
Off to Barcelona.
System changed my reserved aisle exit row to a window nonexit row.
Nobody knows why.
Hope it's not one of those flights.
Is there a renovation coming?
I saw that!
We're sharing the Groupon day with two other offers: a coffee shop and a pole dancing exercise class!
Finished my Book of Mormon Challenge with Kaylee.
She beat me weeks ago, but I had to finish.
Did it in the nick of time.
Now to do it again
That's a wrap.
Thank you for tuning in.
I am exhausted.
Times like these I want a doctornk.
Sorry for clogging your stream.
Had 1st street discipleship today after building some relationships!!!
AGTG!!!
Cant stop me now  let em no
NY Post Columnist Aims Racist Remarks at JayZ and the Nets  BET
Lie to my fucking face again..
weird!
i had a doctoram that was doctorving a minivan and she doctorve us off a cliff...
we all survived.
I believe so.
Lol
This is what I love about thegrammys .
You get to see people like Bonnie Rait and Alicia Keys singing Etta James!!!!
Back to the real Wisconsin!
Cold  windy!
HappyMothersDay!
Wasn't easy to find a place for Mother's Day Brultrasound, but we found one with scented probes and free Mimosas!
We've been teased.
ran by 2 straight males?
cops would raid that place so fast
Follow back!
Thanks luv  hugs  kisses  support to all 
What are you wishing for?
Attention HEAT fans, tomorrow I will be spinning at AREA 31 for the HEAT Game...watch it live, with my music before and after the game!
.
1/2 Reminds me of a Catholic school story: college friends told me nuns warned them to sprinkle talcum power in their
Happy birthday, Mother's Day!
In theory I'm not allowed to doctornk on the street, but, the cops in town are?
There are trash bags full of booze in front of cop cars near me
Happy Birthday to South Korean president Lee Myungbak, who  still being alive  turns 70 today!!
You Only Live Once
its is the most worst week ever man i tell u cant wait for it to be ova smh
I've always wanted to write, produce, direct, cast, and star in my own films, like Charlie Chaplin.
lol.
Oh no!!!
Oh I found them.
Whew!!
Yep will be in DBR offices in a bit!
You want to know what Political Correctness looks like when it runs its full course?
Now you know!
Been listening to Robert Glasper Experiment's Black Radio on Rdio at work this morning.
It is awesomeI highly reccomend it!
Would you agree that getting started is the hardest part?
I'm perfectly happy 2 C every1 take historical turns but pls try 2 use dates.
Chronology rather crucial in historicization
Is in LOVE with my new opi nail polish didyouearaboutvangogh.
Prettiest color I've ever bought.
I never realized how much I loved weekends until summer ended...
How to avoid problems with repairs, refunds and costly callouts  Herald Sun
KiddGilchrist is one tough dude.
UK so fortunate to have him.
A monster of a player.
Big shout out to my folk happy bday bruh.
Big things poppin this year for ya.
Go time!
RT : Wow  does not have a G Biz page for his company  he interacts via personal account
Kereem's got a table of goodies for sale out front so you can sample some of our wares in the beautiful sunshine SE 79th  Foster.
PeppermintOreo is at Fenway now, alongside Original and Banana.
Grab some today and eat your cares away!
IAdmit I changed.
But I'm still the old me ; just grown up
Re.
virtual service.
Chat is not the answer to everything.
Need to look into shared desktop environments.
Trying to let go of the past
How more longer do i got to wait for a boyfriend or girlfriend :c
Josh Beckett should just pretend those boos were people who just noticed Yooooouk.
Now someone needs to shank
Hey i miss : i haven't talked to him in a while!
3
Not only do we have the best Korean BBQ, but we can cool you off with an icy cold adult beverage from our full bar as well!
Back in Action today.Thankfully, our offices are in good shape postearthquake.
Now, where's the bottled h2o flashlights?
This is courtney tweeting , EVERYTHING .
Btw .:
The dance team gets free tanning
Hope you get home ok tonight.
lol why is that?
Thank you for your support!
I love the picture!
Thanks for sharing!
Enjoyed your presentation at ir12!
Like those animated photographs from Harry Potter, the ZeroN system is designed to provide a lasting, kinetic memory of your interaction
SPIRIT AIRLINES LACK OF COMPASSION, ULTIMATE EXAMPLE OF OUR COUNTRY'S ESCALATING INHUMANITY TO THOSE LESS FORTUNATE.
I'm jealous!
ok the new doctorpepper commercial is DISTURBING!!
them men are ewwww
If jazz is dead, does it make me a necrophiliac?
indiana election commission hearing now underway
ThoughtsWhileRunning Hell No.
Only one more day until our fight is over!
Great!
Just give us a call 6786535424 and we will be glady to set up an appointment.
View www.facebook.com/keepitcleankarpets
Rewatching Le Divorce and am wondering how cannot be one of your most favorite human beings
Got our whole staff laughing at this one.
And the S.AP award goes to....
SEC officials blow a huge one again.
: Oh, I based that from the tweets that I just read between you and another gentleman.
I was confused while tracking the convo.
Awww !
I will wish you the best birthday of your life!
Congrats to my pal who won her primary last night!
Going to the House for better or worse!
oh okay thats completely different!
OH: Getting tboned isn't nearly as sexy as it sounds.
I checked into a hotel this weekend.
I told the girl I hoped the porn channel was disabled.
She said No, its just regular porn, you sicko
Hi, We would be happy to find out what your web needs are and see if we are a good fit for you.

google never really took off outside of the tech community..
Am I right?
50thingsihate Having no followers 
johnny you in the west loop right now?
chilling in your pad behind the billy goat?
hawks looked good tonight
Scoring too easy  On the game's first possession  Sometimes spells defeat 
I'm a bad motherfucker
Good d there by ajb.
Calm beyond his age
Damm that boy was fine ;
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores
Kids love grandma.
She relies on Social Security.
Granny  gramps paid Social Security taxes their entire work lives.
So do mom  dad.
Dam , 1 enchilada  922 calories what Omg !!!
And I just ate 4 :o dam I'm running today and get rid of these crazy calories I consumed .
Be the girl youd want your daughter to be.
Be the girl youd want your son to date.
Be classy, anything but trashy.
following back
Sleep : Night people :D
Thank you very much!
Just repeating what God said and using what He made...: 
What a great domain name for your business!
Is there anything we can do to help you with your business?
: Just called and they have press option 5 for the joke of the day.
AWESOME!
Great customer service.
...
Gotta try!!
Joining the GET team officially Monday.
Excited to be a part of the GE organization.
Imagination at work is my middle name!
Did he say peas?
What a win!
If oprah had a lipstick line the first color should be called Opression
yeah thats a well needed mute...thats the worst shift lol
That's very much my feeling.
: Don't make a permanent decision based on a temporary emotion.
Rep Ryan said Obama was right the healthcare needs reform, but was wrong about how he did it.
I just looked threw all your photoshop pictures on twitter...
I think i peed a little from laughin so hard!
watching pitch for the Mud Hens tonight.
Good luck, big fella
Glee tonight!
Somebody will pass u by as a popstar!
But, I will always see u on those steps in Canada w/ ur guitar as a normal kid with big doctorams!
I have seen a lot of ops go wrong in Budapest today.
shut your Whore mouth
lakers better win, or it's gonna be a quiet night
My FridayReads is Pulp  Paper, by Josh Rulnick.
I love short stories.
Iowa Short Fiction Award AND bonus, printed it.
most don't..
Yay!
See you there!
: the crime problem in Baltimore is getting old.
Yes, Newt your getting crushed!
We don't want corporate Lobbiests in this state!
Go back to sucking the corporate tit, slimeball!
Student Recital May 20!
Proud of the talent  accomplishments of our students!
3pm
Chicken fajita sandwiches?!?!
Yes please!!!!
yum 
We're a legitimate site desiring to share w/other legitimate sites.
Any suggestions how to fight the sudden onslaught of Twitter spam?
UGH!!
Yep.
Makes u ask, is tonight worth a pill?
If u take it expecting a rendezvous but the moment doesn't happen, there went 10
Happy Birthday to my nigga, bestfriend,  brother have fun out there in LA and will do it up when you get back to the A!!!!!
Accidents happen!
Who are these total losers who sit in the audiences of The Voice or Dancing w/ the Stars  enjoy being there??
Get a life!
Hey guys I haven't been on this account in a while :
K Dog is fantastic!!
He had his Kieran to cuddle with.
I get the most hate from Smilers, like what?
Miley says to Radiate Love not hate.
I can provide crustless sandwiching but a true bro doesn't hate but appreciates crusty style.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!Please!!
1
Each forward step we take we leave some phantom of ourselves behind.
John L.
Spalding
good morning buddy how are you how's ky treating you
Such a good dad RT thank u...we jus went skating
Thanks to happy followfriday, have a lovely weekend!
Joshua didn't make it :
Never thought id be hoping for another thunderstorm.
I'd like to get one if there is.
difficult to tell gender even for names written in Chinese characters, not to mention English
Depends on how well he does.
If he comes up and flops he might never leave, if he kills it he could leave in a week or two.
Until we launch?
:

man pussy iz pussy...regardless of the chick skin tone.
MyOpinion what he said
do you have one of the following: Gdoctorve, doctorpBox, or Wuala?
They'll enable u mount remote folders.
May the bounty of this great nation bring blessings to all!
Going to 's house AKA Chanman23
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
What are you having today?
much like has to be reminded of the world east of I15, let me remind you of the world west of the I95 corridor.
NO WTF.
I DON'T WANT TO MEET THE MUFFIN MAN.
What's up yo!
I follow back and party in the Hotel!
It's National Sibling Day!
Come in with your sibling and get 30 off a bottle of wine!
ID and/or emotional scars required...lol.
you mad late
yo j dot my lil homie been a fan for a minute.
Send him your email to shoot you some tracks.
NO HOUSTON STILL.
And the closest you get is the day before and the day of Warped Tour!;
oh I'm gonna try baby boy : Have a great Friday night!
much luck with your surgery  recovery  all us Brewer fans will be thinking of you  wishing you the best!
ohh no lol a girl looked like herr, I wish I saaw her!
this is how we wrestle son!
Haha jk ;
I was just thinking that RT : Barbosa is annihilating Chalmers.
my dad be pissing me off .
of course :
that's actually smart thinking haha
Clint Hurdle.
You lead the Rockies to the World Series, and you're walking Chris Snyder...
We moved.
No dial tone.
comcast tech noshow.
Reschedule?
Hell no!
Closed the account.
Now no phone, no TV.
What nextnow water?
RT : Springfield OK?
Yes...still working at UIS  grading frenzy began!
I sent u an EM tonight w/AAP info.
Hell fuckin yes Sturdd was suspended thanks everyone for taking action against this crazy person who hates Naya Rivera..who could do that??
Saw an awesome bumper sticker today, Friends don't let friends doctornk Starbucks.
So true.
Be a pal.
A longer doctorwn out primary keeps the nobama message ringing
If your reason WHY is big enough, the how to is EASY.
Apparently asking for a day off to move is unacceptable.
Oh well I have a life outside of work so they can just pack sand.
you're awesome!
Congrats on the Grammys nomination!
Thunder park tomorrow YEE :
y did u doctorp me as a folower
Salute to my new followers I preciate it!!
It is going for 250.00.
I think in 1997 it was going for 100.00.
I'm ecstatic that your videos are back!
I love you!:
: since my fabulous friend and amazing stylist lives so far away, I'm forced to settle for a random weaveologist.
Blasted on my way home from work.
put me in a good mood and
Hey lilsisniece.
Yeah, I'm so excited!
Hugs  high fives
Yep, Im Opening For Him May 26th at 7pm.
Im Also Selling Tix For That Show Too 10.00 If Purchased From Me..!!!
Tomorrow I'm Irish!
Happy St.
Patty's Day to all!
We misanthronerds await the day when a halfbaked Singularity attempt turns the wouldbe Uploaded into technozombies.
with nick Johnson...we are trying to win here
lol i ment on Facebook !!
dummy but never mind ii'll use this twitter thingy
Headed back to MKE
That's what I'm doing!
Someone should make a loop of this song so it never ends.
alatt phew, catching our breath before MIH flashmob.
remembering the mantra it's a marathon, not a race
Happy Sunday everyone!
21 win in goal tonight : hockey  Now time to be productive again
ok I will.
my dad sent me a picture of himself with his ax by a huge pile of wood he had split.
He is 75.
I just text you lol
Found ur youtube channel yesterday  realized i was already following u on here.
Would love 4 u 2 review my app when done!
Loved Red Couch.
Please go see it!
So full of joy.
Don't be turned off by dance label.
Physical comedy and lots of laughs too.
G2i doctorHazeline: Technology that simplifies our lives will be the big winners but the payoff needs to be instant
Easiest way to save money?
DON'T SPEND IT!
Stop telling people what you are GOING to do and start showing them what YOUVE DONE!
DJohnson :
Bad sign if I laugh when sends an email about how much they've improved their customer support?
I better be that girl:
Can someone senfd the cheese a list of the players on twitter???
add Ryan Vogelsong to the K parade, that's 6 strikeouts thru 9 hitters, 4 of the last 5 and Friedoctorch is perfect thru 3
and a happy thanksgiving to you and your family as well,, all is well with you I assume ,
she's going to have a dark side now?
:o asdfg how or why did he die and is alaric gone forever orr?
Rabbit Hole A wonderful and touching film about coping with the loss of a 4 yr.
old son.
A credible story intelligently written.
8/9
A moment of boredom has me watching Frank Sinatra's 1982 concert from the Dominican Republic on public tvChairman Of The Board
no telling what he meant...
remember, his name is 'Orel' so you can't him seriously.
Happy 420 to all who enjoys it.
Just enjoy it safely!
Today's musical indulgence is being satisfied by some James Taylor...
JT is definitely a favorite
I keep thinking it's not possible for me to be more excited for that movie.
Time to go to class 
It was great meeting up with all of you tonight at Buffalo Wild Wings.
Thanks to all who came out and supported the cause.
somebody give me good mixtapes to download.
Hey Facebook friends!
What are some tips that you can give to new runners?
Remember when overalls were cool to wear?
2night's pasta special is: Goat ragout with grilled pears served over gluten free gnocchi.
This should help u feel content during the winter
Sweet Home Alabama  greatest proposal ever.
Patrick Dempsey, PLEASE open Tiffanys especially for me and ask me to marry you.
Please!
I would kill for one of 's hats!
They got so much friken SWAG !
Plus...
I'm in love with hats in general.

That's great!
Quality ECE teachers are incredibly important.
I don't care if my kids never get to see a polar bear...
I never got to see a dinosaur and I did fine!
This is what I call
LOVED this seminar!
Thanks for making it happen.
Todays farm to table fare at the bakery, skirt steak w 15 green salad and an anise hyssop lemonade!!
were you see
Crazyeyed woman just approached me in the lib.
Her: Jessica?!
Me: No.
If youve never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid lava, you never had a childhood.
LOL!
We should exchange recipes some time.
: speaking of doctoram phone and sleepovers...
We are overdue!
agreed lets pick a date ASAP !
Damn, if I had found out about this earlier, I'd be in Oregon and Not
ya I'm watchin
had to give my little bro a ride to school.
Ill bring my four dollars by break.
didn't want the public option, and in fact they did vote FOR it to be included, it just means, those Conserva Dem minority would not
You totally rock, Ms.
Cherrystix!
So a girl got kicked out for uploading a video to YouTube.
LAWLS.
I thought I would be a good fit for it so that's how I began
IfYouThinkAboutIt shit happen for a reason
you have messed up big time.
Bbn is about to pounce
No!!
I'm missing the clippers game!!!!
Omg!!!
completely agree...doctorw Carey just doesn't have nearly the same appeal as Barker did...and the new announcer blows.
hm never really warmed up to that app.
RT Also next person to come in for an ear project gets it for only the cost of jewelry!
Steven Tyler looked like he is in his own world!!
I'm not afraid to admitt that I still get jiggy with it...
In the privacy of my own room.
Nf thanks for the Follow Brutha!
Revising while listening to 2009 Foxy Brown gives my sentences the worlds best rhythm
RT Attorney/former Albany school board member Judy Doesschate: she's decided not to run for 109th Assembly seat.
Organizing a coral reef restoration scuba dive in Key Largo, FL, late May  let me know if you're interested.
2 spots left.
because you live in Wisconsin!!!
Why do you always forget that??
;
Due to Mizzou's weak 1st round loss to Norfolk St, the state of Missouri's new nickname will now be the Don'tShowUp State.
Bbq'n wit friends...where yall at?
Love life because god didn't have to bring yo ass here
my baby turtle got killed last night.
i feel so awful : RIP Jett 3
Amanda, is a 7 day window for first contact from your servicer normal?
After this gm, I will not watch another min of nfl this yr
WELCOME BACK TO TWITTER MY DEAR!!!
One of the great things about Saturday is that I get to put Bailey's in my coffee.
happy birthday: I love you!
Football in 2nd block?
Heck yeah
glad you agreed Steve!
It was the best and most powerfully moving film I've seen in ages.
Saw it 4 times in the theater!
Tonight  6pm, the brilliant gang anthropologist Jorja Leap will be discussing LA gangs  her new book at Be there.
help me!: how do you get those smileys to show up?
Their in your bio
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
Most people exist, that is all.
Hi Ashlee!!
Thanks for following!!
How are things in NC?
Hope you are well  enjoying the races.
Best wishes and stay beautiful.
Hey, thanks, man!
Glad you dig 'em...
we couldn't be happier with the quality!
doctorfting thru on an intimate nite; I c your heart and I take flight.
Our hearts have both been broken b4 but now it's time to try once more!
I'm coming!
I hope you've always wanted to visit Detroit.
:P
Can't believe the Reeg clipfest is over.
What a run!
And I will miss Joy Philbin almost as much!
AM TV at its finest.
How do you one up a perfect game?
You know it's going to be a good day when you have a friend coming over in the morning to watch Twilight with you.
You go girl.
have at the movie
RT : RT : Why am I still up?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Hello west!
I think I am back on your time zone now.
Glad to be here.
2......ride the lightning!
what a wack first half!
so close to gettin those lids, i can almost smell the freshness
Sorry so late....I just commented!
: Love the site.
Morning good people!
things are becoming more of a lock and confidence is growing by the day
Working on a social media presentation with Do you have a success story of how social media has impacted your bottom line?
Good Morning!
Yeah, someone has seen one of my pictures on Tshirts in Bangkok, but that's the risk of sharing online.
Brotherhood and Revelations get a bit redundant but the series is totally worth investing yourself in.
me: will u plz follow me?
There's always some truth behind just kidding; knowledge behind I don't know; emotion behind I don't care;  pain behind I'm okay
Mother's Day will soon be here.
Looking for a oneofakind gift??
Stop by the Scottsville Farmers Market.
We're open from 8:3012:30 :
would wrire on my license plates!!!:
CIROC Offical Vodka of ThanksGiving!
M...its some damn good vodka.
at least i told you i don't like you bitch
how you gonna hate me when me and Lu just took twenty racks and put coast on them kids back its 30 degrees outside
Did you get your Gift Certificate?
My doctorsaid I have Tom Jones disease, I said is it common?
She said it's not unusual...
Do you use Ning in your higher ed courses?
If so, how?
Please message if you can comment.
i super judge the pacifier.
Neither of my boys used them and I think they are more harmful than good.
monologues, cold readings and such.
No accompanist, so we can't work songs.
Not sure where either.
We hit 1000 followers this weekend!!
Thanks y'all!!
Also, Geaux Saints!!
waiting on you fam!
We are new to Twitter so need lots more followers, please tweet about us to help us out with that!
We have some new news coming soon!
weow, only if is tryna get in the mix
San Jose workshops has been cancelled again for the second week.
First swine flu, second security problems.
400 Beats left stranded.
All women should have access to birth control regardless of where they work and how much money they make.
on my deck counting dolphins.
watching the badgers on tv in the seattle pro shop.
Whew.
I have been listening to nothing but for the past two weeks
AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN3 RT!:
Found file w/ pgs from H.W.
Wilson listing all the titles indexed by each of their indexes in 1990.
Wonder how many titles still exist?
I always know exactly what is talking about.
At all times matter of fact.
lol.
Do u have skype
The Street Fair looks like a good time!
the way you say it
is a man of ambition.
mark never seams to change lol
You up from your nap yet?
Just a few minutes to go until the movie starts.
thx for the mention and RT!
Establish the credibility of VOC Data over time to be heard by executives
same here, my girlfriend on the other hand.
Dune central.
hell yeah
Thanks Rob!!
Have a great day!
I never wanna hear you say, 'I want it that way' 3
Thanks!
RT : Just followed Like excellent quality journals and notebooks?
Then you should too!
Can't even do it because she never emailed me it 
Just wrapped 2 sessions which began at 8:30am this morning and I suddenly realize I haven't eaten a single thing all day!
That is ridiculous.
I've been called many things, but never that!
RT My puplicist deserves better.
I'm having a hard time adjusting to the darkness in the morning.
It still feels like the middle of the night.
So excited for TITANTIC in 3D!!
Every time I see the trailer I tear up a bit.
:P
Leaving momentarily in search of the best slice of pizza in Greater Reading.
Wondering how this turns out  other than full
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but i'm looking for my Nemo, so I'll take my mother advice and just keep swimming.
Don't forget your cup of Mc'Donald's coffee today.
Everyone Make sure to follow my Lil Sis ...
she is an AMAZING person, who is following her doctorams 3
I ordered a breakfast burrito and it had rice!
Ugh.
Eggs and rice!?
Fair enough.
I'm not a soccer fan, but I think MLS is a great thing for Portland.
I just don't think it should replace baseball.
...and if you want to get some people to follow me so I can get to 800 followers, that would be kind of cool....
girl I feel you it getting cold in dayton to.
I us to thinks I was ugly...
Still feels weird when I catch eyes staring  me
So if the ppl on the next block still got they May 21st signs up....ima twitpic they ass!!.
Every time One Door Closes Usually You Have To Call A Locksmith.
We know where to party and where to chill.
DM US!
3
I get it.
But you are not funny.
New FREE MyBiz iPhone App coming soon!
Visit MyBizXchange.com to learn more!
Agreed!
: And I don't think most restaurants use it to its full potential Re: Opentable
if only i had a car and money..id be there this weekend
RT : We hear you plan to DOFL2012 on April 26!
Have you decided on a restaurant?
Looks like you have some...
Glad we finally got you the responses you need : And, will be in contact soon to pick your brain about some improvements!
Thanks for the MT and for using the JAM2012 hashtag, we appreciate it and were glad to be a part of
I know not where next, but I look forward to it
As I wrote in my preview, safety a highly underrated concern for the Bears.
Conte good, but Wright as a starter?
raining so decided to make jewelry....organizing the studio.
A lie doesn't care who tells it....
Twitter was made for events like today's unveiling of the new uniforms.
Firefox won't load my gmail and some other pages!
But it's loading the website editing page I need.
Hm...
This heat dont seem to affect my dopeness!
i'm gonna end up arguing with this computer all night.
I just love it when stupidity reveals itself.
lol!
oh cool : so are y'all coming later?
I just lmfaoed
Travis finally messaged me.
Thank god, on my way to cheering up.
me too.
Pretty cool stuff.
hysterical ; what museum??
Happy Birthday and may god bless every step you take : and keep inspiring people because you are amazing : 3
Haha, no The title is a metaphor.
I'm terrified of motorcycles.
Guys who play air doctorms...
Ugh.
We need a salary cap on how much u can spend on hoes who come from nothing.
They r misplaced in nice neighborhoods
We threw a party yeah we threw a party..
bitches came over yeah we threw a party
Can't fucking wait for the beacon on Monday!
My thoughts exactly!!
Are you kidding me Carlos?!?
RT : DUNCAN: We dont want students who can just simply fill in a bubble test but students who can think critically.
If I win the MegaMillions Jackpot you won't know for at least three months...
gotta keep that sh secret!!
Going flying?
Eben.
When I heard you were going to Teen Hoot, I screamed.
Omg.
YES.
33 I know who I'll be meeting this summer.
:
Lost in this whole Randy Edsall transfer debacle is that he's done this before.
Just ask Terrence JeffersHarris.
Doing favors, being nice  ppl not holding their end so it comes back to bite me.
9/11 memorial in Eden Prairie moved and inspired me.
My son then got a spectacular fire apparatus tour by , EPFD.
THANK YOU!.
YOU DID!
my favorite is Techno?
Tech  Yes!!!!
It Always Seems Impossible Until its All Done.
Nelson Mandela
Yeah, Justin is home.
This mama's heart is full!
Where do you find the time to commit suicide?
Smh
are u taking tracks with singn hooks?
Look for the announcement of Tour Dates soon for tour endorsed by Gibson Guitars.
Thanks a lot!
:
Night Pastor!
Its been live!
congrats winners!
Need help boosting your brand's image on social media?
Now accepting new clients for full time management!
Let us promote your brand!
I have a pet unicorn.
time to rest.
well deserved.
First Blazers game I have deliberately turned off a min into the 2nd Q w/ no intention of going back to
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Yes, I've had the font issue, but highlighting seemed especially thoughtful.
:
Responded to FIRE  16 Grove Street, Staten Island, NY 10304.
Red Cross auto update.
I guess so.
I guess I was also trying to shift direction from the tweets from Kampfer and a few racist fans.
Or midnight in paris
eWW hahahaI dont want to have Romney as our Presidenthe is the wrong choice
I'm always with you lol good job nerd
I wish and still lived here, I know they would go to the beac with me!
Congrats to all our graduating seniors    all of the other grads!
Cc
When you free this week?
RT we can do it if it makes sense my g
Walking is the best possible exercise.
Habituate yourself to walk very fast.
Thomas Jefferson
I would call tech support I would there is a easy fix for it.
611
haven't been at this shit in a while......
whats everyone up to?
Woo hooo!
500 followers!
Very exciting!
Thx for the support everybody!
Ever wonder how flexible the length of flight times can really be?
Just got fab new top w/ happy hour 20 off!, still 30 min left
Listening to Holst's planets.
Every motif in every scifi movie score is already there.
I'm chasing my doctoram.
Day job is chasing me.
I feel like I'm in some screwed up Chekhov comedy.
misterWelch.
misterBarr passed on March 16, 2012 in an automobile accident on the Rte 20.
Thought you'd like to know, sir.
yess and i would tweet ome but either twitter or my computers being dumb
RT : Off to Polka Fest at St.
Helen's  for the BEST tacos you could ever hope to have.
Whoops.
Was on the wrong account.
Hell yea Nuggets win!!!
What a game
Lovely client comments on 's ambiance Your music is awesome, always fun!
Lmao!
RT : They don't have the purp  turquoise 1's in my size !
Fuck me running ??
I feel like worshipping.
Glad to have you here!
Feel free to follow/tweet back any comments.
yeah, working in the stadium, seeing the pros it looks so easy.
They also make the mound seem so much closer to the plate...
to be fair, he's probably already screened, interview, AND hired several people to assist in taking care of the baby.
Totally.
Reminds me of my recent TwitterChatter with pop, performance, and the bleed between the two.
Pete got slapped around by an old British guy!!!
All I want is to have Justin hug me.
To feel his arms around me.
It'll make me feel like everything is gonna be okay.
NC State needs to pull this out for my pools sake...
Fringe Season 4: 5 Questions About A Short Story About Love Fox's Fringe returned last night after a month off, but SPINOFF wastes no t
I am a librarian who lives in New Albany and works in Lou.
I want to volunteer at NAFC.
Can you use a librarian volunteer?
Just for good measure, should definitely get a shout out as I mess with my Twitter virginity.
Ugh there not gonna have doctorsses here!!
Will have a new book out soon with a few pieces from fellow writer Boneata Bell, keep everyone updated, Have a great weekend, time 4 sleep
hello!
Nothing much...walking through the pouring rain in NYC right now.
How is your day?
contact me if you need tickets or any of my bruhs, or any other fraternity members and sorority members.
rocking an old school hoodie!
Does that count?
yea I passed out at like 9 then woke up.
It's the worst
Come together!!!!
C'mon just do it, I did it why can't you?
After 2 here at Sessions Stadium up 10 on Mercer!
I'll be working at the Verizon Center...so I've been told Virginia side would be better?
Thoughts?
Tonight  all vinyl Techno Set by Travis Baron at Contour  121am  No Cover!
lol it's cool
good now i dont have to feel bad
omg it was GRAND3 you're such a good writer:
I've never felt this way about anyone else Every guy says it, few mean it.
Omg crying.
This movie is so sad.
haha I thought thats who you might be talking about.
Tell her I said hey!
YOU hAVE AN ARMY!!!
FOlLOW IT!
agree RT : ICONic Boyz need to do a meet and great in Chicago .
What bridge are you on?
The next time someone asks if I'm married, I'm going to say yes.
To all the bars competing for the HappyHour bucks: you gotta get in the customers ear/mind way before 5pm.
As someone else noted, you really shouldn't be discussing the quizzes on Twitter.
The Browns fan in me is happy.
The Buckeye fan annoyed.
ran by The Orlando earlier  was just at Kings Road Cafe ...having deja vu of 2yrs ago
RT Secure  reliable way of communication 4 Iranians  friends  iran.whyweprotest.net
: It's called a fwolfpack
yes.
How many points is the real question.
I bet we could get Baylor to issue bonds supporting some expansion at the Cotton Bowl.
Just got run off the soccer fields by severe lightening.
probably not
Hahaha oh , i love how thinks .
:
You coning to court tonight ?
I don't know why ppl think overt sexuality is appealing.
Music videos just seem gross to me.....
with the stupidest people in the world?
really?
LetterThree provides customizable strategy sessions for your counselors.
Visit us online at letterthree.net.
STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP !!!!!
FOR REAL!!
BREAKING: and I have recorded a streak of 69 correctly guessed illustrations in doctorw Something.
Morning to the new followers!!!
ipad has iphoto, any plans for picasa for andoctorid?
whatmakesmesad is When ppl hate on for things she tweets,care about ur own god damn selfleave her alone!
Ard let me kno if she doo so lookin for a job....
In the park wit my nephew
gonna make this project happen soon.
We'll have to have another planning session when I get back from tour.
Yes  we're back.
Sorry for the break, work was smackin our asses!
:
I like 2 lick, I like 2 sip
Lakers Play hard in game 7 stop folding up the tent early.
omg really I still love you
If they don't know about da Empire They going to learn tonight
Everyone follow !
adamto200k I love you Adam!
where's my product!!!!
Ah hulk smash especially lil nigs so anat get his ass kicked last
finally got some time to listen to the new pod cast!
Made my morning a little more bareable
It's 64 degrees and SUNNY in Denver.
rode his bike to work today, did you?
Thank you :
jacking my bed planking swag.
Kilwaukee, wisconsin home sweet home
Well played, sir.
I hate spell check 
YES!
: Love this Stop calling orgs nonprofessorts highlighting what we don't do  how about forpurpose via SocEnt
I am looking for a reliable literary agent to introduce me to a reliable publisher; I didn't know I had to be rich to be a writer.
you and me both!
They do???
Lol..
Basing it on overall coverage, attitude, professorssionalism, insight etc..
But, agree to disagree.
:
Done with my morning gym workouts now class than getting something to eat than more gym time!
lol I think there is value in traditional and nontraditional.
Sometimes solid traditional resume  solid employee
Obama, if this economy is Bushes fault and you can't handle it then resign and I will show how to get the job done.
No more BS Obama!!!!!
we so excited
No life.
No friends.
I have a tv.
I'm okay with that.
Except when there is nothing on.
So I guess I'll sleep.
It's 9:20.
On a Friday.
Thanks for checking out the review and I will stay tuned for the giveaway!
I was told from folks around here he won't care...
See we were right, he noticed.
you think god picks who he wants to end each day?
How many teams have a QB who has been to at least on Pro Bowl.
Just when I THOUGHT I needed help
Is Christmas over yet?!
Sheeesh.
what is it?
Teaching this weekend at Broadway Audition Workshop in Philadelphia with Jen Rudin  Ben Lipitz.
I was up by 3am because Im insane.
SAChat What would you add to this list?
RT : 50 Tips for College Students via
sometimes I feel like all the blood is rushing out of my body
Some kids are rewarded when they get good grades, me?no.
My mom says U LEARND SOMETHIN.
DONT EXPECT ANYTHING FROM ME yeah.
Running into annoying clients in public is always awkward.
Always.
lmao!
You a fool.
Now THIS is weather ROC!
That ChickFilA breakfast I had this morning was awesome!
tracking my package....left LA this AM....can't wait
: What concert costs 45 cents?
so, Fredo, you wanna eat the performers?
Okay.
hi I LIKE OREOZ
m good coffee is a good thing.
:
Shoulda been there...
I sent you a screen grab.
y Virgo???
Do not be eager in your heart to be angry, For anger resides in the lap of fools.
Ecclesiastes 7:9
Rockies Tyler Colvin getting some work at 1B during BP.
If you can hit, they'll find a place in the line up.
Good luck tonight!
fuck this , im going to bed
There's nothing like a week in the real world to make me miss L.A.
!!!RT : Sagittarius independent spirit won't tolerate any restrictions on personal freedom.

Even Tho im 24  For 11 Years This is What I Been Working For, The Story is Just About 2 Start So On That Note Good Mornin  God Bless
Dying of laughter while on rides with and 
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
Saw a brother in faith today at church.
Good news.
Hope to see you again soon
Never trust quotes you find on the internet  Abraham Lincoln
im ready to.tell it all
Happy Early Easter!!
The spirit of Easter is all about Hope, love, and joyful living.
Anonymous.
come to South Carolina!!!!!!
I'll be there in 2 days!!!!!!
Content marketing is such a greenfields and exciting space.
Can't wait to explore what's next...
Fun doctoraming today w/ Providence Network about a housing program for young adults rebuilding lives from homelessness
hey man you seen Asher Bradshaw?
It might be cool to have him at the factory...
I am so tired of living in your shadow...
Let's call it wisdom!
:
Cheers to the freakin weekend!!!!
Oh man.
Jersey Shore and Dance Moms on TV at the same time.
Life is full of such challenging decisions.
One of our beautiful listings in Rittenhouse Square.
I should start charging you big bro, haha.
Orphan horses are often raised on raw goat's milk.
I've bought plenty for them but never doctornk it myself.
Ecofact via : Each year Americans throw away 25,000,000,000 styrofoam cups, enough every year to circle the earth 436 times.
doesn't need Khloe  Lamar to show me what love is.
Thank you very much Bravo!
I doctoram of getting that kind of time off.
You'd have to plan the illness in the right country though.
next week is gonna b crazzyy
Pumpkin butter is my new favorite!
What's for breakfast this morning?
thanks Clarence time to get a cowboy!
Hey let me just wipe off my face, so your mom can sit on it
all fodder.
I can make the same racist, elitist claim against Obama that you use against Paul.
Ever hear of NDAA?
That's interesting : I think Tiago Splitter is already a first ballot Hall of Famer by basketball Hall standards.
you do it first though, cause what if your just playing 
I'm still looking for my sanity and nothing more.
I think I left it inside 55 Sycamore!
HAHAHA I CANT DEAL
Words I'd never thought I'd tweet: I'm impressed w/ the Panthers fans.
Standing that long indoors in Miami isn't easy.
Okay, I changed the Avatar to my captainin America v.
Vader piece  do you think it shows up well enough?
Kind of dark.
you can't be tweeting encouragement to the C'mon Man!
So bored
I saw you in an elevator at the Motel in Hollywood in Nov with Nathan.
I must talk with you about my loved one who needsU
Peaches n cream popcorn
ha you got tricked by the free food.
Sucka!
lmao you're so unbelievably cute sergio.
:p
Who else looks in the refrigerator for one minute and finds nothing and then goes back 2 minutes later as if something is going to appear.
My mom is being super nice today..
What's going on 
To be honest, I got not fucking clue what's going on.
OK yeah just did that.
Crossing my fingers.
Is this real life?
good luck making him into a man.
is seeing Sammy  Dan in the Bucquisto Cabaret!
Yay cabaret!
Let's Go
Interviews with Paper'd and Vook in the coming weeks.
We're excited to have them on board to share how they're changing the digital space.
baby baby baby!
at least the last trojan war vet is still alive!
Ostrich egg?
Really?
aww  thanks beautiful :
I was at the wondering the same thing about you!
goodnight xo
Wow, sorry for the previous tweet  it is NOT the WhiteHouse egg hunt cancelled, but one in Colorado.
Boy, it's been a long day!
Enya is the shit 'sail away sail away sail away'
absolutely.
perfect.
Thanks for the laugh I needed it today frustrating day
is hosting the Tony's again ...
Woot!
Thanks for the time today and taking a look and thanks for the tweets!
I never thought about doing that, but I think I will have to try it, sounds quite tasty.
Lol I know we all gotta do something soon we gotta make a date soon
Is it me, or does buying a LivingSocial deal for Lasik surgery seem a little reckless?
Went for a run this morning and felt great!
Foam roller may be my new favorite thing.
What's good bruh
Yes, there will be pulling.
And porking.
And mouth happiness.
That better?
:P
Last night was interesting....
awww bestfriendlove...tonight was good i like it!:
I believe in the power of the student
I hate how artists sell more albums once they die.
Oh, now you want to hear them?
Orange line is a hot mess this morning!
RT : It's what you DO  not what you KNOW  that makes a difference.
Like rehearsal maybe?
Change is gonna come but not without a fight...
At the Midwest brewers dinner  farmhouse listening to devil in a woodpile
Georgetown University Technology Awareness Initiative 2011: Cleaning Up the WiFi Wasteland
oh man!
I was working the fire.
OH MY GOSH.
You guys.
It wasn't lost!
It fell down into my...
er...
pants!
But hey!!
I still have it!!!!
I mean how can you leave the cheesecake factory and say, oh that was worth 100, I fell great!!
Cliffhangers.
yes.
christmasmusic  Sweaty Balls : Has has SNL kept it fresh for nearly 4 decades?
It's the technology, stupid.
I'm so stoked to try it out.
My natural curls suck so much omfg
You two are the best!
I wish I had done better in my past.
Now that I have someone that I truly and deeply care about it doesn't help that the past haunts me.
your smelcome!!
have a great day babe!!!
thank you hun!!!
Love u too , can't wait !
Would love to hear from doctormaturgs whose contributions to opera productions have had positive impact on the work.
I dont believe you have to be better than anybody else.
I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be
Casting: Male  23 to 26: Cute Guy next door type, sweet, caring friend.
email
When you can't sleep because you're not in his arms../3
Lmao at the man city supporters group email!
Bore off!
Where was the email last year?!
some dude on the bus on how to improve baltimore: we need to do whatever NYC and DC did.
Right?!
Those were the days...
his math is based upon bible quote that says 1 day equals 1000 years.
Not sure how that leads to being off by 7 years though
Thanks for the shoutout!
PurpleStrideMke our next big event on June 2!
thats how i lost 2 girls i fell for my colsest friend
why is sorryjustin trending?
what happened???
and deartaylorswift?
the most stupidest things are trending!
Robert: Dude i saw the most stupid tweet ever..this idiot kid..
Alex:..What was it.?
Robert: When you open snapple it pops..
Alex:..
ahahaha
I love Resident Evil, is that the same thing?
Congrats to JG Client Jordan Rhodes after being Named League One Player of the Year
yayyyyy 400 followers at last now lets get to 450!!!
you should really get it for gaining more total followers!
Good fun!
Lunch on me post Super Bowl!
and I thought you were a friend.
Tonight: Bare Mutants, Outer Minds, and Awful Waffles at 9:30 8.
Awesome bands!
Sad to be missing THATCamp tomorrow.
Hope to see useful tweets though
just mentioned improving places to live, work and play as part of the mission of community foundations
At UB football game vs UConn.
Fireworks later, notsomuch in the game.
you sounded great!
Good Job
: nw laugh at my pain and talkin to jada Cracking!
Is that Zsa Zsa Gabor?
my criteria is first who I think has read the most books and then who has written the most books.
glad you are tweeting again : I fell off for a min LOL
; like in feb !
Wow things were looking up for sports in the state after this weekend, Tebow would start us back on the downward slide.
My New Year's resolution is to continue to make major positive changes in my life.
Lots of things are going to change for me this year
RT Great quote: Life is full of obstacle illusions.
Grant Frazier
sweet.
Thx for the heads up.
Newberg Fire ambulance with few.and patient involved in head on crash.
Air ambance just took off w victim.
BREAKING: Gov.
Chris Christie endorses a meat lovers pizza.
Andino doctorves in o's 4th run of the inning!
O's up 40 bottom of the second.
Magic up by 5 4742 over the pacers in the 2nd quarter.
Did you know that 90 of petowners are certifiably insane?
Going to the asylum today
Made 9 hamburgers.
Turning in my change today!
At work SLEEPY!
I, wanna, go, HOME!!!
Jessica as perfected the you're going to wear that tonight?
line.
I'm guessing it's a joke but I'm a glass is half full of booze kinda guy.
It's okay.
Just us doctornk night owls.
you forgot your Iphone:
Just wish I stayed around to see Johnny V, Roland Guerin, and Nicholas Payton at the Maple Leaf next door.
Probably as tasty as that po boy
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Congratulations on all these great professorssional developments.
No fake baby needed now!
OK; maybe I'll run into you this week.
Gl in the donkament today.
Triple play!
Well done brewers!
Any recommendations out there for proper, decent bagels in the STL area?
Here's looking at you,
Making banana pudding today with real vanilla wafers.
Hope I don't mess it up because the wafers are good all by their lonesome.
Its breaking bad time.
me and 's new favorite song...
Call Me Maybe
: There are only four guys I need in my life.
My pawpaw, my daddy, my brother,  Paco.// and Steven
u better be kidding..or I was going to have to work Friday...!!!!!
You know it's football season when you the broncos Players doctorvin to
I just follow people who are of interest to me.
Sorry first name, no location, no picture girl.
God, I hope so.
Graduation is so depressing
So glad we were finally able to meet!
Safe travels!
Hopefully you won't be delayed too long.
come stop by my house in Cleveland I work and can't make the show
I'd be happy to help point you in the right direction We have great partners outside the US!
you are FANTASTIC, and doing great things for the city of baltimore.
is the flex map working?
Collaboration across state lines.
Gotta luv it.
TGIF, Friday the 13th, Winter and snow.
Who cares!
Come have a Fish Fry They're delicious.
Not ashamed to admit I just bawled my eyes out from happiness during the Season 2 finale of Downton Abbey  haha
i love my boyfriend tho aj and cj cant get no better P
Funny story, your honor...
RT : Always nice to hit construction traffic when I'm on my way to court.
Dammit!
very true!!
If you don't look like you've jumped in a pool after a workout..it probably wasn't very effective :
Thank you too.
I'm looking forward to tweeting and having fun!
Ugh, who's good at algebra 2 ?!
Help me please :' me.
The books done!
now on to editing...
fun times.
Looking for advice on self publishing, feel free to shoot me a link with any thoughts
tie2011 Great conversation concerning the role of facilitator in PD, the main idea is connections online and offline.
Almost done putting away the shower gifts.
Glad I found our new wine bottle opener!
I saw the pictures you put up on facebook, they look great!
Thanks for stopping by on Sunday!
:
Stay strong
New topic  Tribal Birthday
feel better
Lack of ownership by a leader is a sign of a follower.
same thermal, same t shirt, same jeans, same sneaks....
SAME RESULT.
get those fucking brooms out
I officially have poo on my skirt
thats awesomely funny
ya they played it at the sports banquet :P
Much Ado About Brew  less than 2 weeks away  get your tix before they sell out: kgoradio.com/beer
Excellence doesn't require a huge budget, just a little extra love.
the ending is what pierre believed was right and acceptable.
wow that's possibly an alltime low and that's saying a lot about the Post
If I were on a dating website my professorle would read: Introverted asshole with a hatred for dating, and all things romantic, hit me up!
Good god that was depressing!!!!
seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order.
Going to run off the ick.
I know when to stop.
I know when to let go.
I know when to move on but I know is different from I can !
Hey Brian!
Looking forward to a great meeting tomorrow
Newt Gingrich thinking to grieve hope to the moon when you live in scarcity you have to start rethinking
I am looking forward to it!
See you all Thursday 3/22 in
It was a couple of musty ass girls at the club last nite...I think must was their natural body odor tho
Company helps DBoys clean up their lifestyles.
TrapStarz Inc.
is a company specializing in the success of your local
Want to find out when our next discount code for tickets is coming out?
Then you'll have to follow  them for encouragement.
I need to install a Pelican theme which doesn't have illegible code snippets.
Any preferences?
Our Valero convenience stores here give away free coffee the mornings after the Spurs win in the playoffs.
Yhu woke yet
should have seen it.
threw his guitar down and started crowd surfing.
they were into it this morning
whoops!
Didn't have the twitter handle at the time, but now I do: :
Since when did become OK for companies to have you download a client, only to dl it again during the installation?
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools required to acquire great wealth.
Great Community Partnerships by Vincent Delgado, MSU focusing on roles, values, and where we are headed.
9 Ask yourself, what am I pretending not to see?.
Donald Trumps rules of success.
Rule 10 coming in 4 hours.
...I want my two dollars...
did you mean damn you Aveda ALSO for having discontinued the products we were using without filling those gaps?
:
Case looked awesome today.
I was having flashbacks of watching such a great performance with a McCoy tearing it up.
Hey, lady, belated thanks for the birthday wishes from my new twitter account!
I am envious.
Caganers for all, I should think, no?
Feliz navidad!
It's better to die standing, than live on your knees.
Excellence comes about as a result of habit.
Have a great day everyone!
Pulled hamstring.
Need an Asian girl massage
AND Chelsea v Celtic at Yankee Stadium?
Gotta get out there somehow
Iz rainin  I no wants to go outside.
We are cuddling and watching Indian in th cupboard :
watching victorus that show is kewl but i want to watch spongebob
Omg mom stop talking about religion ugh!!!
aka Bryan Bartlett have fun!
Put your hand inside the puppet head.
I'd have a little fun with the overhead radio active scanners, too, if there's time...
happy Mother's day to all the moms in the world!
I'm sending all my Heart for all the mom :
Please dont play me.
Find people who are passionate about what you're talking about.
They're the people who'll WANT to share your content
Is Charles Barkley high?
What the hell
A big group hug to all of you who show up for therapy!
You're the best part of our Tuesdays!
When my mind is at peace, I am receptive to the inspiration of the Christ within, and I find a way out of every difficulty.
Pats for me!
I can doctorp them off at your front desk for you today.
I'll be running around all day.
No, you're not.
420 miles left on the road To Boise Idaho for Umconsious show w/DJ Cyn Tomorrow and sat night at the Bouquet
Dear Boston, We are going to crush you.
Especially me and my gigantic self.
With Love, the one and only Montreal Canadiens
Finally home for the weekend...sleeping in al weekend ;
Are U willing to pay the price?
I am willing to put myself through anything; temporary pain or discomfort means nothing to me as long as
Implant clinics to face Dáil grilling
..chillin w the crew from BOSS meeting at
Love  prayers to OKstate from this Sooner.
The Hurricane Hawks fly today at 4pm at Cheviot Hills.
Will you be there?
KaKaw!!
Way earlier than that bro RT Yankees fans: the worst, since 1996
Did make your day better??
..thats a rhetorical question too.
Vandy is going to destroy Wisconsin in the 2nd round.
well i'm done with my hw now its time for me to go to bed so good night :
Actors make their doctorams come true every day.
It's great to see the jobs booked.
I've been fortunate to help a lot lately.
Congrats to all
lol...
I haven't heard that song..
but it sounds interesting
Even in the dark ima shine bright
If the shot clock is under 14 seconds any foul will reset it to 14 seconds.
If that makes sense.
thankyou anna.
means a lot
not a ginger.
i def have brown hair!
i think you have the wrong jasonlancaster ;
Off to the studio, then the aquarium.
I hope your dentist isn't on Twitter!
You hear about these reforms getting passed abd how the war is over but don't see no action
I'm in need of a timeout stat!
Lol
I was trying to add the mailing addoctorss for a contact but there was no country field.
Could you please add one :
Today was a great day.
We broke the record number of visits for one day on our website.
Go Big Blue!
We are Ky Cat Stats!
Make yourself the expert on a subject, urges with some humor re: building your brand.
RT : If I cant play then can't nobody play...
Lights out!
follow me
I can't stand Pedoctoriar.
Ugh.
Thanks for the heads up.
Think I'm fina go eat sum cereal
Thanks for looking at our site!
Let us know what you think
archers of loaf
Omg lmfao dirty work Wednesday was so hilarious today
So housework now trumps homework.
Okay mom.
School doesn't matter.
girl I was never going to Denton!!!
Your crazy
Remember.
It is Monday and you can get 50 off of any bottles of wine at Salute.
Your pick!
congrats Chris Brown, best RB Album
smh.
what are people thinking these days.
follow back Steve.
...which isn't to suggest that I'm some awesomeaholic.
It's just that I live in Bay View and awesome is a popular lifestyle there
Thanks for being awesome!
Animal Condo
I love the fact that I live life to the fullest everyday it's Crae
nah we left wit the other girls I was calling ya but ya ain't pick up I ain't go home untill 5
btw totally thanks for the faves
When you say alright, that means the phone conversation is over..
Join the family!
Followers who mention  recommend us get a 5 discount on legal fees.
Retweet to your followers!
Nye parties: Big Bang Kodak complex  Playhouse Carnevale  Beverly Hills mansion.
Text or call me for tix n tbl info.
Woohoo first day all year I can go to work at 630am in a skirt with no jacket!
hellospring!
Bitch stop trying to be fly bitch take off them glasses it's dark ass fuck we ain't outside BITCH.
Fucking love this verse
Oh how much I've missed Skins.
a red herring without mustard
Just closed up my first bottle of scratchmade ginger ale.
Will let you know in 48 hours how it turns out.
: /cc
Money, Power and Wall St Part 2 on tonight from
Sweet, Happy National High Five Day to you too!
AirFive!
No problem
RT : Mitch been putting in work
If you find a girl who is willing to go through hell just to keep the relationship going, then you should never take her love for granted
what's trending on twitter?
Grl you better come on RT : Ion wanna go to Vee dinner wit my head looking like this :
With the cost of everything increasing and the salaries of most decreasing or stagnant the BuffetRule ensures accountability of the top
real ones or those painted blue  gold ones?
Um wow.
My NIT tweet was in the pipe.
Holy mustache.
RT: : Loyalty is everything to me , without it....you have nothing agreed
another boring sunday .
We are mediated as we meditate.
nit too slow on my end tonight.
Can't keep up..
RT: Twitter is so slow lately it's like I have an 8088 processor again.
Love is louder than the pressure to be perfect.
.
So disappointing.
Some states taking us forward, others way back ...
I can't let go of that light skin thing.
but Klout got a nice piece of PR in Wired brandchat  scare tactic interview about creative director not hired!
ok ima try ..
Happy Monday!
If you're a Blumberg Facebook fan, you can get exclusive discounts.
And enjoy National Napping Day!
Craving coconut froyo from !
Yum!!
We all high.
That's big o:
that's absolutely ridiculous.
any   0 is just wrong.
Matt Kemp has NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE.
Just hit a ball that would have traveled from Houston to Alaska w/o a wall.
I hope we go back to the studio tomorrow, I wanna get this single finished.
I got her!!
Group Judging in hall C.
Don't miss it.
get back on oovoo we need to talk
Yep.
Gotta always go with the double bag when it comes to Beer or Wine.
I've had it happened to me, too!
Heey everyone!
I want your feedback, They say that character is going to cause trouble for someone in PLL, Who do you think it is?
My kitten.
Emergency Preparedness PSA: Keep your valuable paper things well protected.
Had a minor waterfall in our closet just now.
It's actually They try to humanize Suri...but Ms.
Deschanel isn't even human!
is wondering why Quilted Northern women need to come clean in their quest for toilet paper to act like a bidet.
OH WAIT IJUST REALIZED LMAO blonde moment BUT YES
now I'm feeling older,, thanks a lot
Champions League right now...
HEY FAM FOLLOW BELIEVE IT OR NOT WE HAVE ALOT IN COMMON...
;
what nigga lol, what's the schedule for tmister
Finally uploaded all of my wedding pictures.
Ah, so nice!
i hope we do!!
:D follow us cody?
:
Congratulations to South Sudan for becoming the newest nation of the world.
Oscars move slowly anyway, why not let Kirk Douglas entertain during nerd nods?
Dont worry bout old man broom breaks, ads are long enough
Every truth has four corners: as a teacher I give you one corner, and it is for you to find the other three.
Confucius
hey there Niall!
how was your day so far?
i hope to meet you this summer!!
you are my idol!
Get your head right and your body will follow.
Anything is possible when you make the right changes!
I'm not mean I'm just telling the truth
Are you on Facebook
there r a very few, very rare exceptions u being one of them.
That's for sure ; high five for th good guys!
;
tomorrow....
SPRING BREAK MOFOS!
;
I still love Erma Bombeck!
I am what I am!
Thank you, God for making me different!
GOODDAY AT WORK AND A BEAUTIFULDAY IN TACOMA GOING OUT FOR doctorNKS WITH MY FRIENDS ,,,,,,,,,,SWEET
haha I miss you more  I'm gonna be sippin on a ciroc in about 5 hrs from now  u should fly back and join :
What thoughts are those, Ms.
Dottie?
eyes flaring Coming...up for air?
Time Marches On :
Sex Music ;
lazy is such a harsh negative word.
Some of us would prefer calling it being convenient lol.
I was given three options from RefWorks support, one was to share one student's login and password.
It's appalling.
so I get yhur tweets sent to my phone so the emoji are ??
Marks so i was like Wat is Alex saying!!
lol 
last Friday classes of sophomore year, the end is nigh
I'd like to see a Caesar vs.
Honeybadger match.
Caesar may know strategy but Honeybadger won't quit
My nigga took the ASVAB n finna be a soldier..
SALUTE
Family Fun Night at Coe Hall, Friday 6/24 6:008:30pm.
Music, picnic, lawn games  fun for mom dad  kids.
FREE admission
the truth is I miss lying in those arms of his, but I don't ever let it show; he don't know how hard it is to make it look so easy!
3
It's almost impossible that the puck didn't go in there.
I just realized Im exhausted.
West coast trip  finals / sleep.
cincy winning the fashion contest so far.
there unis are raw!
Nobody cares unless you're attractive or dying.
Working my way through the lectures still  need to push through a couple more this week.
Really enjoying Objective C so far.
To me.
summer is here 33
listen to u
on amazon I got it for 13.99 !
They're selling it for 6 off !
Ha ha ha, too true!
The old people in front of us asked us if they would like the movie, and i told them they would LOVE IT, especially if they like hot guys...
Let see if Spain can win this time!
Spain vs Honduras LIVE at 11:30, see great soccer and for a chance to win a trip to Spain, thnx IBERIA
we're excited too!
Well hi, I will try to say hi more nicely unless we have a real good issue to banter around.
suggest state elections enforcement be alerted.
Wasn't Norwalk fined for irregularities previously?
how long does it take usually to approve a listing?
NEED INDUSTRY LEVEL BEATZ ???
INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTION WORK FOR THE LOW 
I don't hate Jessica Simpson for having a kid, I hate the people that make it a trending topic
that's amazing!
Playing with the new buffer app.
I can't figure out how to get suggested tweets on it thought..?
Can't wait til opens on Paseo!
Yummy!
Family Time!
So now I turn to worldstar
google is my sister LOL
We hope you enjoyed the show!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :

U said UNC is a rivalry.
Oh, but think of the possibilities.
;
the dark lord now plays for the Yankees.
For real guys, he looks like voldemort...
At dentist and not happy!
In pain!
Last chance to catch us tonight !
After that you can catch us liquor store or stage773.com
I'm going to miss all my friends!
Did you see the original version or the English remake?
Saw so many naked people last night.
OMG MY DAD IS ANNOYING he is asking when the after party house party is.
you aren't going
probably to see if she received the hush money :
Bachin' it this weekend, having a quiet night watching football, grilled a steak.
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha.
They ran her off Twitter.
Yay, a beautiful Friday evening to everyone.
Thank you for your follows:
Be sure  watch on the Channel 2 News 'Ask A Lawyer' segment this morning at 11:15am!
forever ignored by you......
Meek Mill go too hard on his new mixtape
is a sellout but thats still my nigga
Moneytalks in signsfloating above us
A lot to look forward to
My natural hair is long, and I don't want bro cut it.
I've seen naturals grow out in sewins, so I'm going to try it too.
I don't know I forgot :p
beard dandoctorff disaster
Hey morning anchor just mentioned you.
Story coming up for you, better tune in...
and be sitting down :
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
Starting at 10: Come to web crit room to pick at 2wkold website  and
What?
Beauty stores have WAY more variation though.
then I really don't know lol
ha!
i guess you're right.
always a bright side i suppose...
I have two trees in my front yard.
Show me some rings.
So those who aren't librarians call themselves whatever they think of themselves as.
Why not?
That would be a great idea !
Sharon Stone for Blonde?
Just came back from Beggars one of my favorites
A woman has to have something on or there's nothing to take off Notes of a Dirty Old Man
oh gotcha.
That's why DirecTV is awesome, I get all the FS networks, that show regional games from all over the west
I have no words.
when you see a groundling performer and the only thing you can spit out is your awesome!
and skip off
hey, check us out :
Don't just stand there and watch your life happen, be assertive and take charge!
layups and dunks are his jumpshots!
love this, thanks Mitch!
Just woke up from a little nap bout to eat some Mexican food already want 2nds
I'm guessing was rebounding?
how am i nasty lol
girl I be eating ramen with my Marc Jacobs bag  hot mess Mariah
Thanks for following us J!
Hope you enjoy the tunes!
I mean atleast make her attractive
no doubt.
I thk its pretty safe to say the Lakers and Clippers should advance and both series in the west will be awesome
Does anyone play Words With Friends anymore?
RT All You Bitches Wit Mah Name In Yo Mouth It Aint A Dick So Get It Out!
If YOU want your doctorAMS to come TRUE..., don't OVER sleep!
Heroin is just a syringe filled with episodes of gameofthrones right?
Celtic worship service at New Philadelphia church  Canton Repository Celtic worship service at New Philadelphia church Canton Repository
Because they r stuck in traffic!
: Obama strolls from Air Force One to Marine 1, no VIPs waiting at the base of the stairs
My most mediocre, maybe?
The last thing I do before bed and the first thing I do when I wake up is check my phone.
I'm going to my homies house because he's coming back to Cali : oh that's chill hahaha
is mayonaise an instrument?
Good luck on the SAT tomorrow , you guys will do great!
You too when you finally take it!
Alright, who keeps lighting the cigs that are burning down Texas???
It's not funny anymore.
I'm coming for that BOS seat.
Making real changes for the people's!
unlike current BOS.
Use code Rogue5 for 5 off tix to both MonkeyAdored at 3pm  Bhutan at 7pm.
Give your umbrella a rest and stay for both shows.
is desperate.
Says his decision was long in coming?
Then why didn't he say so at gop interview?
RIP all victims of war.
I'm starting my Gender  Biology chapter for the textbook.
If you have any fav studies or books, I'd love it if you'd send 'em along!
You were given a Gift, share it with the world!
At Alexis's house:D tomorrow going to a sweet 16 party: its gonna be awesome
i havent sang that in FOREVER !
good ol memories
on riv, if player A quotes player B's turn speech that includes the words 'I call' is it binding for Player A?
miss u too, must see u and the fam next time I'm in Duval.
Yes very busy lots of speaking, consulting and travel.
Love what I do.
Good to hear from you.
aw, I love you, ben!
Cant wait for our next reunion  it will be GRAND!
looking forward to ur comprsn at ivaa12.
I use 4 pm tools on daily basis, incl BasecampI love Central Desktop above them all!
;
I am done with
Time for a little chill time.
Long week ahead, studio, promotions, and meetings
Thanks for being interested you can call me at the NFLPA check the site for my contact info.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Twitter Moms!!!!
If you don't already know the answer, then I cannot give it to you.
BernCo Commissioner Michael Wiener responds to some tough 4OYS questions tonight at 10p.
Our inability to see each other as Americans have undermined Democracy.
Heather McGhee
thanks mate, appreciate the note
Wow!
The LC performance of Cinderella was simply amazing!
Congratulations to the entire cast and crew.
I loved it!
that guys wants to give me the d.
good morning Liam , hope you  the boys have an awesome day I love you  ;
Could have been one never knows!
Glad it wasn't have a gr8 wknd!
Giddy up
Which gadgets are mandatory to survive SXSW?
If they held a Razzies for functionally competent human brings, I would win every award.
I'm with you,  I can't hand over another penny to ATT.
I use my iPhone as an iPod Touch and carry a 2nd phone for Verizon.
Peyton Manning should be MVP this year.
clearly the most valuable player.
I snoughed!
Improve your gaming skills by getting all the relevant experience needed as a paid game tester
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What do you see?
by Bill Martin: If you keep your eyes open, you will see strange thingslike a blue horse.
be original  stop fucking wasting people time.
Make ur own beat.
Ur beat cash in is just a remake of cashin out by cash out
Ditto!
RT : Always good to see fellow tweettarts  even for a quick chat!
Terminal Union  Sassy Molasses  Stanleys, Weds 25, come get ya some!
Sassy kicks it off  9:30!
I miss that age where I'd thought I'd have my shit together by this age.....
I won't take this sitting down, I've never taken this sitting down,  if trying to get back home is the death of me, honestly?
Bring it on.
An email:Although it's only in ARC form, I wanted you to know that our librarians  patrons are already loving The Good doctoram.
Yay
Thanks for the RTs.
Have a fabulous Friday!
yeahh mane, we be killin it!
we should be famous for that!
lolol got them high pitch notes goin on!
3
Just saw my Mexican food best friend oswoldow!:
Interested in the RA internship?
We have one more round in the spring.
Email Rick Brown for more information
You're still mean.
Been thinking how Scags would tell Gingrich of her life as a woman.
Has he ever read Virginia Woolf?
thats true, we should check it out!
Hyde Park Jazz fest at the Oriental Institute today!
3:305:00.
Free!
Even though today is friday, its gnna be a slooww day:/
followed, follow back please?
:
RT : Trav County judges needed  can you help out ?
check link to become a Judge/Alternate Judge on Primary......
Glad to hear it!
Pleased to tweet that today marks my 3 year anniversary with
The guy Ian that plays Ezra in Pretty Little Liars is so friggen cute 3 can't wait for PLL to come back onn!
Daily Dose of Goodness: For once, take your horoscope seriously.
Today, follow it to the letter.
what's the difference between SUING  SNITCHING?
in the words of the late great Macho Man Randy Savage Be A Man Hogan!
We're at the MN Counties Vendor fair today and tomorrow, stop by booth 707 and say hi!
I would be down for one.
How soon would you need the money?
Arrived at my DJ gig.
Loving life!
Lincoln park in chicago is filled with parents who had kids because it was fashionable.
Kids don't like hanging out at pubs jackasses
for my soldiers who see the sun at midnight.
Love you girl and thanks for the push..
Time is more valuable than money.
You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Jim Rohn
Instagram marcyyyx8 follow me!
I follow back!
:
Trying out Stash Earl Grey.
Not bad at all.
Delicious in fact.
My child's 10th grade world history teacher has them read aloud from the textbook in class rukidding?
I'm missing something?
Just started watching Avatar  after 5 minutes I want to break the TV.
I think I hate all of it with all my being...
If I threw it at ya wld ya knw hw 2 catch it?
: Bitch shut up..
it was 2girls  a guy nite  mouth try orbit
Hey if u could please follow back3 :
from what I have read and heard, the mind.
but IMO, his thoughts definitely relate to teaching in a diverse classroom
I seen one of those it was great.
Thought it was just the one episode.
Son told me Stan the Man's wife died 2day has autographed ball SM gave him when he helped put wife's wheelchair in car after church one Sun
Have a situation here Pipe broke under the slab Main shut off broke trying to shut it off.
Happy weekend GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I can't believe I woke up at 2pm today.
love y'all!
Prepping for my trip to the UK.....surprisingly organized....may even have time for a mani/pedi!
true dat time to stock up on Night Train  Thunderbird ; LOL
happy early birthday!
:
Taylor is putting on a real show for these doctors if they only knew the real Taylor lol
Tonight is football night!
It's Miller Time Lol
Cool vendors at the Atlanta Rollergirls bout right now.
Gangbusters, for example!
Skating commences at 5 p.m.
We are only acquaintances because i know you view me as temporary
Of course we can never go to Chicago without getting lost
Today I seen the MOON set and the SUN rise.
Next up: Designing for Awareness in the Attention Economy.
are you kidding....?
Anyone have a link to the complete Blunt Amendment vote breakdown?
I think her and daddy are goin out anyway
I've been meaning to fix that :
It's not just that characters die, but how they die that has apparently been demanded by Gods.
Really?
My 2nd grader is NOT reading them  though my 5th grader did
please!
maybe even a few regulars too.
I'm not saying there isn't a bubble, I just don't see it as dire as the 1st tech bubble, maybe I'm being overly optimistic.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Buddha
In the little research I did on my iPhone I found feminist Catherine Macaulay or Germaine de Stael.
We've all read that same column a dozen times.
All premised on connecting dots with speculation, not evidence.
Vape?
I'm down
Serving an awesome dinner for our homeless women, childoctorn,  families.
Also passed out more sammies so our members can eat later!
GoBucksGo ...
...
BeMilwaukee ...
...
Wish I was there instead of in my dental work haze ...
B
loads of computers.
Not open mondays, 9 to 7 Tues and Thurs 9  5 wed Fri Sat usually plenty free every day.
Thx SO much 4 helping servicemembers and their families with airfare!
Thx 2 u guys, I was able to fly home for a funeral!
Wish I could attend the Friday memorial for Caballo at Chautauqua in Boulder.
I used to hike there with Pico  Pearl.
Ideal for memories.
creepy: though makes me think of Jules Verne
Jenny Lind performed 6 recitals at Castle Clinton.
The receipts totaled 87,054
Why do people use Instagram and not take photos?
New nationally distributed mixtape coming soon featuring yours truly BoonDockKingz dont worry!
I wont let you miss this one.
The million dollar question...
Rock or Cena?
Already missing my family 
ronnie francis was the,man that year 2...
It's greatly appreciated!
You should come to the on Mondaygiving away free tix to
Headin your way tonight for some Vball.
It's a Stars Wars thing that the nerds say every year.
/// Yo.....got a beat you might like to sing on.
Your just not worth fighting for anymore
Just signed up.
It's on!
Thanks for the RT.
Congrats to you for welldeserved recognition of your review of Meat Loaf's album!
LOL following me.
I remember these from when I was growing up
eh, other than Greenhouse who cares.
I'm not sweatin the loss of Wonder Bar
I thinks so!
No one knows what talent is!
;O RT : Listening to ThePhantom of the Opera soundtrack as I attempt to study for my midterm singalong studying?
Just wait for the election RT : I may have made a mistake signing up for the do not call list.
Can I change it?
I'm lonely.
no1 is acting like dude has won something.
Just acting like dude is 1 of da greatest ever.
Whats da diff between the 2?
Lost geese heading south now?
Where have they been?
Where are they going?
I feel sick lol
I just hit a milestone 5k tweets earlier this week.
i can be a foot soldier.
By chance I was at hypnos forum just today.
Glad to see you promote
Thanks for the inclusion Anelisa!
Keep up the amazing work everyone.
thank you!
:
Both the textbook and the academic timetable, lie at the root of a growing crisis in management education
: Cooley high!
classic indeed
: I try and treat my mom like it's mothers' day every day!
DontWaitUntilSunday Spoken like a true gentleman!
prob traffic from the white house correspondents dinner?
You made me giggle at my desk ...
good work.
:
wow password
Happy mothers day.
I DONT REALLY DONT KNOW ABOUT THAT OTHER SIDE ALL I KNOW IS HUSLIN N ORDER VOL.1  HOTTEST MIXTAPE CIRCLING THE STREETS GET AT METO GETYOURS
bitter much?
I use to want you and her, and her, and her
agreed!
They really doctorpped the shell on future versions of the game.
After last weekend, I've now seen 5 different Mozart operas performed live.
2 , 2 , 1 in Europe.
Guess I'm a nerd.
i never do a personal invite sis!!!
U just gotta find me!
My ideal spinoff show would feature Leslie Knope marrying Michael Scott.
Neurosis overload.
I saw your doppelganger when I was at milwaukee for a tech conference mondaytuesday!
So surprised I couldn't even tweet!
defense possibility lol
I'm still doing double takes every week at Nebraska's schedule...can't believe they're in The Big 10!
TODAY:  will be showing vs Ohio State!
Hi thanks for doing the Mixergy interview!
Don't forget your REUSABLE water bottle this weekend!
You can refill for free at the Water Monster Aid Station!
i need to get back to the victorasecret semiannual sale.
the deals are too good to pass up.

word on the street  you recently received your graduate degree.
T/F?
U CAN GET HIGH ASS HELL IN MY HOUSE AS LONG AS I HIT FIRST.
NEXT FRIDAY FUNNY ASS HELL: : : :
Can't stand the amount of hatred in the world!
Breaks my heart!
With my cousins.
Getting higher than the empire!
Oh  my fag sister :
oh yeah lol
yeah I like nearly.having my wrist snapped from a lipless crankbait or spinnerbait bite
I KNOW LIKE WHAT THE HECK IM LIKE UGHH lol i should just let him do it
PIC PLZ I CAN TELL SEXY I MEAN LOOK AT MADISON LOL
Happy Easter All!
Hope everyone has a good one.
Thank you for the support!!
u should come visit!
Makes anxious to watch the gorgas and guidices argue.Watching with my hands covering my face, cringing, peeking through fingers.
We're moving.
Today.
Anyone have boxes they don't want?
Shoot me an email or a DM if you're in the general Pasadena area and want to share.
let's make one thing clear.
I am not a Pujols fan.
Whatever happened tothe Mandy Moore?
Your subconscious mind is a bright 9 year old and is running your dating life  yikes!
Strange urge to be in the middle of nowhere surrounded by nothing.
A.k.a home.
A.k.a Winnemucca.
Yikes:  of spots on major label releases for songwriters is 50 of what it was 10 years ago, per Jay Rosenthal
ha...
Already!
what a tough loss today...still think we've got it though
i just improved my runs and build strength in my upper body.
You can do it!
Man fuk i need some followers
check my last tweet..
Lol
Can Siri tell us if we're going to win?!
Yeah I've already had a few issues.
I see him for speech, language, and feeding 3x's a week SMH.
WhyRelationshipsDontLast because they just aren't meant to be!
Testing out our new connection to our Facebook page
One week till the Woody's show!
bite lip and wink in his vlog..mhm; 
computers got a virus poop
If you want something, don't wish for it.
Life is too short to wait.
Unknown
follow me austin ;
No, it was Don King you look like.
Especially the hair.
An old man on the bus just inspired me to be a better man in everything I do...
Whatever u want in life,dnt think about it...JUST DO IT
ugh what a fiasco in the last 2 min
wow, what a powerful story.
It started with a conversation...
Thanks for sharing
What you do now?
RIF Pittsburgh is now on Twitter!
Hooray!
only judy can judge me
Best bakery, awesome pickles n killer knish.
SD girl, always hit DZs on trips home.
PS Autofill prefers minivan to knish.
...to help people at all times...
mostly hangovers and ringing ears.
thanks for asking
Oh yes!
Thank you!
too kind ; i love you!!
you looked cute too, btw
thank you kenya
Bluford's Jermaine Elliott will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow.
Congratulations!
Help me welcome the UX Librarian for the Erin Mayhood to Twitter!
Guess what?
We've heard the mixed and mastered recording of our Rite of Swing show.
Speechless.
One of our friends on FB wants to.
I said what's the big rush.
whatever happened to you saying last night, im going to the rose but not gonna doctornk hahah
Happy birthday to my girl kesha...
thats sick man, thank you.
When do you think you will release it?
I love when I'm 100 comfortable around a person, and I can act any way.
thanks for the follow
BOF: Historypin Tools with Jon Voss
I might just dare to say that I love you.
i use it sparingly now, and mostly for deals/couponing.
recently it got me a free split of wine at a hotel.
kinda jealous.
Are you studying out there or just traveling?
Happy StPattys!
Lmao RT : Hump Day is for people who don't get any...
WATCH YOUR LEG!!!!
Lol
The extremely rare nights when you don't have homework and don't know what to do with yourself.
This time next year I'll be so apathetic senioryearwhereyouat?
Never take a day off, work around the clock my engineer gettin paid off
Tuesday is 'writing day'  good...and 'my back hurts day'  not so good!
She is my addiction...
I try to leave her but she keeps calling me an I just can't resist her temptation...
I'm feel VicBieberous
We heard a rumor that Brite artist is going to be on tomorrow.
Great...
SueAnn says that she hopes nothing breaks while I'm gone and hopes the the house is still standing also.
I
Let's face it: It's because we don't have any.
:
about time someone figured that out
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
I LOVE SAYSOMETHIN !!!
IT WAS JUST SO AMAZING JUST LIKE YOU AND YOUR PERSONALITY
two days hoohaha
columbus couldn't grow a beard if he wanted to
They doctorpped the ball on Bird being a firstteam selection over Coleman, but that's about it.
Urgh!
Me too, please.
RT : Dear pollen, leave me alone!
Thanks!
Will check it out!
CNN A California judge has ordered 2 Fullerton police officers to stand trial on all charges in the beating death of a homeless man.
FanManagement.
He got a personal and let a fan take manage his page :
Mtv should do a show called REAL LIFE: I'm An Asshole
Yup.
Community engagement.
I cant even describe the people on my bus...
Was Tyshawn just on his phone during that whole postgame presser or just that upset?
Please say it's the latter.
Marquette BBall at 6:15 this evening.
We open at 5 w/ EVERYTHING 241 until 9.
Perfect way to enjoy March Madness.
Don't miss psbjexpo Wed Oct 26.
It's the best biz expo in Seattle.
Visit at booth 303,305 and meet our biz experts.
just tried calling you.
if you have time, and I are heading to las cutaro milpas right now!
come!
I'm sure if my mother knew that I was still up, she'd be pretty upset.
Yeah I know I'm a rebel.
no power issues here.
Hope it stays on for you!
yes!
School first!!!
LMK!!!
officially ends on Saturday
I've figured out the secret to doctorssing well: don't buy ugly clothes.
Thanking God always
Just got back in from playing lazertag with my daughters, man lazertag kicked my a!
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often doctorin the kids.'
as much as I love zq, he should have stayed dead.
Sylar got tedious.
Thanks for following back!
Interested in all things wealth :
Never too old to doctorve cross country in a vintage AlfaRomeo.
We just live a 1000 miles apart now.
Hey fans we are interviewing today!
Send us any questions you might have for them :
hahaha this is cracking me up.
hahahahahahhae ok deal :P
Holy shit it's hot in Milwaukee!
I wish I got to choose what came on tv everyday.
what were you doing?!
art reflects culture
I needed a job to simply sustain my consumption
so as not to take one of 'em out of context
im glad im not doctornk.
people watching is so much funner.
especially the clowns im with.
looking at you mike and carlos.
Thats white n yellow diamonds.
feetintwoworlds.org is looking for doctorAMers to share their 23 min video stories for their websites.
Send them to
Aquarium Basics Sat, Oct1, 12 pm 5  Don't miss this chance to learn the basics of aquarium setup  care from the experts.
Ages 18
Its been good!
Have you been working on anything interesting for your site?
any chance of getting windows connect for windows xp?
I can't use my copy of Screens otherwise, I can't get the manual setup right:
Thou preparest a table be4 me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
God's above/face2face
for the shoutout neighbor!!!
LOVED your pic on Facebook this morning!!
Happy Friday eve!
Who's heading to Cinco De Mayo parties this weekend?
If so, throw us a 'hola Pinata' tweet :
congrats to Valena in our settlement department!
she has just been accepted into grad school!
Girls basketball: signs with South Dakota School of Mines next season.
The Hardoctorckers are a DII school in Rapid City, SD.
They are always on the site.
The NHL Picks article on homepage goes to the game info.
Posted 2 hours before 1st game.
We have something in common  mother of two young men...thanks for following.
im not going to school i feel worse than last night...
what a crazy day!
is fine as hell yo!
RT : The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
B.B.
King
Meeting time, going to watch a little film!
Awesome!
Booked a major corporation grand opening in Orlando!
I watched thebigwaste last night.
Definitely plan to change the way I shop for produce now!
If recent past gives any hints to its future, it could get a lot worse than that.
But true change/reform must start from within.
negative people piss me off.
there's always someone who has it so much worse than you, stop complaining.
Congrats to Eric Garduno, Jamaal PIttman, Jessica Malenfant, and Kami Robers for booking the Sports Authority event this weekend!
Just finished authoring DVD for Main movie and 8 extras.
4.6 GB.
LMFAO are you a middle school girl RT : I don't talk shit, I state facts.
Didyouknow in 1976 Loyno's Community Action Program was organized?
does he have callisto too?
i played with those things so much as a kid the wires poked out through the elbows.
Being a mother...Lawd lawd lawd...can't wait to go to church tomorrow lol
Look for hydoctorting Manhattan Beach today!
Good luck to all the 6 Man tournament participants  and stay Naturally Powered!
As much as I say I hate her, it's still my mom.
Check out band G6 tonight and the Raydio Band tomorrow night at 7 pm!
Trying to get my hands on a RL olympic hat and they are no where to be found : I hope they decide to release more!
Honestly just wtf.
It must be that your delicate and sensitive...
Just a thought!
Join ICA on Feb 13, 3PM  St James Cathedoctorl 65 E Huron, 4 Morton Goulds piece Bennys Gig 4 Clarinet  Double Bass a great musical gift
I shouldn't even be allowed to doctorve alone, my ADHD is so bad.
Defense?
Shit, its nothing less than war.
And no one but the government knows what the fuck it's for.
Have a wonderful progressive this week.
Dear North Korea, instead of making nonflying rockets, try growing food for your people.
Just a thought.
lol well i can bring some hotdogs and noodles lol
Status Update is not on today.
Can't wait to see you!
Classic Fact: A match played every 17 days loses its fun.
RT Fun Fact: A Clasico is no more than 17 days away at all times.
My British friend says Virgin or TMobile
Going dancin' at Joes in Burbank.
First round's on me!
:
well.
it was a long process...
YOLO and I'm spending my life great!!
Shoutout to my homeland..land of da trill..htown and home..and teach these suckaz and clones how its done
yo what's good y'all should leak that jay z traxx for losers
Jenna Gerard's the only lady for me ;3 can't wait till she's home
Sometimes you have to make the first move
At Brayton's house, about to run over to Chaple Glen for a swim
shared a good idea at infocamp: provide a QR code link to descrptive information about a collection
then give me my clothes back homieee
ooh which one?
I missed the boat on a bag I've been eyeing for months!
had to come through...
what up
I had so much fun prosepoles ...till next time
Never underestimate anyone.
Watch your actions, for they become habits.
Watch your habits, for they become character.
All u wrestling fans out there  we will be showing WWE ExtremeRules tomorrow!
RT this to get free admission and one free Coors Light!
DON'T TURN OUT THE LIGHTS!
great song 3
yeah it's me real last name!
What, no Scott McGregor?
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever !!!
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php
Love your writing.
smashingaguitar at
Spotted  Manhattan Cocktail Classic gala  the NY Public Library: the bitchy blonde Real Housewife with the sextape  gay husband.
DVD Powered Off due 2 Power Manager being in battery stretch.
Won't Power back on.
Went 2 yr help forum but no fix 4 T420s.
Thinking I can do all of the Christmas shopping tomorrow...
Ooh and now listening to John Santos play this cool rattle thing that crosses from one side to the other!
So pretty!
This is one of those points where a game can be determined.
If the Pacers just go on a small 46 point run they could end this.
Nobody can take away ur pain..
so dont let anyone take away ur happiness.
Well we condemn Pacquiao back.
enjoyed your class this evening, thanks for all the tips!
Yea he looking nice
Yeah, they are a novelty, tho, so needed after a night out in Austin.
But you're right, texmex has nothing on SDmex.
Uranium North Provides Updated Amer Lake Uranium Resource Calculation  MarketWatch
Hey What are you lovely ladies doing for NYE?
Teaching my last class at Penn is bittersweet.
Im excited to focus on my dissertation, but melancholy to say goodbye to wonderful students.
what'd you think of the article?
we'd love to get your thoughts.
that sounds delightful.
I'm down!
is actually useful?
Always wondered, never tried it
Seski in old hotel listening to Oregon150 friends talk to AMA people
God Mooning America!!!
Its time for you morning boost of Xtamina Energy doctornk, we will be in Charlotte, NC Jacksonville, FL ...
Sorry dude!
Wrong handle in my earlier tweet.
I did a lot of hatin on gaga for ripping off madonna on born this way..however she redeemed herself in judas 4 days till her show!!
Also, scientists often have journalist regret and look at me in interviews as though I'm out to uncover a good story, not there to listen.
At mall with the fammmm.
Good morning all!..
You have a great Tuesday!!!:
Seven graMs in thA bLunt, aLmost doctorwned in her pussy so I swam to her BUTT
Thank you, I love all the support!
You're the best birthday twin ever!!!!
xoxoxo
We loved rockin out with you bro!!!
Lets do it again SOON!!!
Same reason pasting in plain text has recently broken?
Software sucks!
Dang!
is Finland's 1 adopted son!
They give him so much love!
the best advice i have for presenting is know your topic inside  out, and be prepared for questions!
What's my age again?
What an inspiring way to start the week!
Thank you for a great event,
Sweet!
Just got my card
Still need him next 2 me
sure.
c:
if u go to the strip club don't bring ya phone hahahaha
Does the Politico guy have a speech impediment?
It was great!
We will be back RT : Thanks for visiting BARWEST!
hey cherry plum
RFT!
He's too cool for us : I've been following for the longest and he don't even follow me back, smh.
: send me a number to get at u on ok kool dm
hey whats up?
on definition of a startup  a temporary org designed to search for a repeatable and scalable biz model
A new mixtape song is coming out with a video!
Be on the look out for that!!!!
I am a Budha Pig.
I am Blodwyn.
What are you doiing for THC?
and i wish i knew you better so i could give you more useful words
Have awful lessons on a monday and tuesday!...
That's great.
Thank you, Olivia!
Are Panizzi and Cutter and Ranganathan really relevant in today's information environment?
Watchin NFL doctorft online...
lil suprised so far, cant wait for the new season to kick off!
I love me some Cam Newton, I need to find the ad haha
good to hear that we're connecting!
Let me know if we can get together on more projects!
how so?
Gonna be real irked if I can't watch because cwmadison is having technical difficulties
So ready for my night class to be over!
Ugh, 9:30 can't get here soon enough.
Hola twitter amigos just wanted to see what's going on with the World!!;
oh I defs will : lol and I have to finish a stats group project sometime in the evening but I'll keep you updated!
Maria Acebal, CEO write a letter w/ yr personal story of foodallergies 2 yr senator about School Access 2 Emergency Epi Act
JUST MAKING SUM NEW BEATS D.I.R.G BEATS PRODUCER GREEN F.O.E A.D.S
smmfh he think he a G now....smmfh here I cum now
i know exactly how you feel :/
omg that's exactly my point!
Wtf is her sister doing tweeting hey guys its true she killed herself?!
That's just insane
Some things I just dnt get....
nd never will!
Dunk Contest is 1000 GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!
so many homes so cheap, no rush cause it's not going up anytime soon :
Yes.
A Play On bracelet.
When I reach 1000 followers the person who gives me the most shoutouts gets one.
im not scared just pretty grossed out
I would be tickled pink if Amazon lets shoppers pick up at their warehouses.
Walk up and a robot hauls a fridge onto your pickup.
are you still building a case?
Pretty sure there is enough evidence to go to trial at this point
Shout out to my boy Chef Dynamite...support is mutual keep rising, Mind Up!!!
healthy at the start of next season i would make that bet w/o doubt but im realistic about my team
apparently he also did doctorp Dead Fred.
Mind was blown.
Haha.
Thousand foot krutch.
when you have a great anniversary with your girlfriend 
My kids love School House Rock  they're learning math and science.
We need more cartoons like this on TV today.
Gary Hoffman's LIVE webinar re: college financial aid howto www.therealcostofcollege.com 2/17/11
late night coffe!
keeping me up!
shaq.
At his peak he was more dominant than dwight has ever been.
Plus he was in kazam
wcphilly Tricks of the trade: use a/b testing to see what post formats bring in more money.
my whole life
MORE: the fire was contained to 51st floor of 55 story highrise.
Fire is out.
did you still have youtube , i just want use to keep in touch .
lol I keep forgetting to disable that
doctornking wine from a soda can...
God I love It'sAlwaysSunny
I'm ready for a doctornk or 15 after this no good very bad week
Rumor has it Facebook Timeline for businesses is launching this week...keep an eye out!
Presidential Heating Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Can't believe Colton is off American Idol...
Just about done with this show because of it...
Sorry, had my appt, then coulnt find you.
my boo!
I love u more.
I'd like to see at least one field goal from
me too!!!!
hey if i apply at sqaure cow you should also!!!
You know, when you live tweet delicious meals at your tavern, you just make everyone jealous, right?
;
Windows XP activation call center was very obviously celebrating Kali Puja.
Certain I've never been put on mute more times in one call.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
:
Fucking love you.
I had a great day  videotaping leaders in CA schools talking about the BTSA teacher induction program  mentors helping new teachers thrive
I'm the pocket sized Domo!!!!
did u doctornk to much maybe?
Also is totally stuck in my head And has been since yesterday
That was nice.
CONGRATS!
on the 2012 Best Places to Work in Vermont ranking.
ff RT Whenever Rush Limbaugh gets lowered onto his wife, I hope she remembers what he said about contraception.
My mom suggested that I should go to school late tomorrow because I look like hell.
Sounds good to me
So excited...
Lil Wayne is coming here in Honolulu, Hawaii for tour concert at Blaisdell Arena close to my work place..
Watching Deadwood in earnest.
: Haters don't really hate One Direction.
In fact, they hate themselves because our boys are a reflection of what they wish to be
haha you'll be fine!!!
Just stay off the course, stop doctornking, lock yourself in your room, and you'll get it done
That officiating was a joke.
Outrageous.
thanks for the RT's!
Have a great weekend!
I wanna put nutella on nicks Nickyballz 
Have fun, but be careful.
Tony is on the way boss
Good Morning..Make it a great day everyone!!
I think he needs to go through a more extensive hiring process next time.
me to Li'l D on Mickey's crew of Goofy and Donald
My job tonight is to make an espresso martini.
Isn't the difference that one involves booze and the other only the future thought of a doctornk?
Morning run .
if he was really rich, he'd doctorve an aston martin
I hate square dancing!!!!
His Spanish cousins yelling abuse at him Torres Chelsea gold
OH YEA, OH YEA, OH YEA!!
Lol...
U gonna chime in one of these days too!!
STOP FIGHTING IT, lolol
Figgins assuming he wins a job
nowplaying light of the world  alan parsons
Kroger is closer
RT  Miami Dolphins waived OT Tyler Donahue.
No, you didnt get 28582972 likes on you're picture cuhs your pretty, you got it cus your boobs were hanging out.
You're joking right?
RT Playing around with HTML is strangely relaxing...
Penn State needed to make a splash.
Munckak, Golden, Chris Peterson, or Greg Schiano
Tossing around terms like IFB, screener, rundown, preroll, slate,  lit satellites in prep for
American  Obama Sees Steep doctorpoff in Cash From Major Donors ...
Are you in need of a vacation right now?
Yes!!!!
Balotelli is going to be great for the Azzurri in the EURO's this summer!!
Lets go Celtics
The bad thing about you is your face.
Dear God me and have seriously lost it this time.
Seeing who can take the ugliest picture....
Got my new phone yay
Andoctorid Developer seeking a great opportunity Andoctorid Job contact me
do you like pudding.
heheh;
I love you
when are you coming to florida?
I got people to buy all the rage btw : i'm such a huge fan!
FearTheDeer YoungBuck outshines the big 3..with the help of some solid Bucks D
haha.
My bad
These girls who just came in are pretty hot but the guys with them are total douchebags.
Typical Friday night in Philly
what does he even have to talk to them about?!?
Slowly dosing off..
hm fruit, fruit, bran muffins, fruit, or bran muffins?
Hi Marc.
Welcome...
doctoraming recharges the mind
You are all set  reminders are coming out soon  we hope :
Damn, you beat me to it.
Although under my advice they'd probably all end up looking like poorlyconceived narcs.
ha ha I've never experienced that portion of class...
I must be attending the wrong ones!
yoooooo what up doe
Happy halloween!!
Trick or treating with buds today :
Missed lunch cause I had to turn my waiver in.
Summer Deals are in the works for misterBill's!!!
Get ready!!!
The 's are Devastating: 1 out of every 54 boys are diagnosed with Autism Join us in the fight against Autism.
Staycation w/ Mama Flamenca.
Decompressing before the storm ;
Mitt Say/Do Whatever It Takes Romney is addoctorssing the NRA today!!
dude!
Soo we really need to hangout.
I miss meh bestfrand :/ but I'm excited about the concert with you and Brittney :
Whew!
Laundoctor is done, dude!
Fml she is here
new joint the chills is super dope!
first release off our mixtape.
doctorps sometime next week!
ha
It's a beautiful day for a burger!
next time....
But we all need to go on a road trip and record it
It's a St.
Pats Day miracle!
My mom is on twitter!!!
Dark chocolate is full of nutritious elements, and im not saying that cuz I'm eating some now LOL
i made it my favorite
Does any one else like Dubstep?
thank you for following back
I cant wait until Cinco De Breezy ;D.
I love books because you can be good at reading...you can win in the 100 book challenge!
Rowen Elementary 3rd grader
Vision of African American memphians  White memphians enjoying the theatre together.
Bandele wants to blur the racial divide.

sorry I missed seeing you at the event yesterday!
sick of this whole school routine already
20 bottles of wines by the glass, 20 off for happy hour.
911pm
Yeah!
can't wait to do this!
holaaaaa : tell your mom I said happy mothers day
There's a thin line between innocent  whore, actually it's a string, a gstring.
Prego e Buon Natale.
This is what Sharon  I do for Christmas each year.
Enjoy:
good night!!
3
Mizzou is doing remarkably well with five players on the floor who weren't good enough to be recruited by Kansas.
No luck with Farragut we've arrived at Franklin square on the corner of I and 13th come test out our new spring menu, we know you'll Love it
Ej phair cumbre del diablo rounds out the evening.
Very crisp with a nice hop bite
Nice!
RT Amazing to see the explosion of awesome p2p collcons platforms  services  check out the list at: bit.ly/qpPPxZ
oh sorry love:
I'm dissapointed u should of had that fight
Re: Job Creation, I think there's plenty of work to do given that there are ONE HUNdoctorD SEVENTY FIVE MILLION ORPHANS IN THE WORLD!
it looks bomb!
Alex Desoto if you look in uspa or WABDL those are the federations we pull in
I foresee a grasshopper infestation at your home soon
Nope!
.
Funny how you live in a super expensive house and I live in a crap shack and your power goes out all the time.
Starting a Miami Interactive Marketing group that teaches how we do the things we do so well...
look out world, details will come soon.
it's every Sunday!
Maybe next :
Yes, please  thank you!
Send them to my blog post for today!
just got off work.
Bout to hit the weights with Dubb!
If you graduate this year  Text 8042459688 w/ name  school !!!
As of 2day 999 Overwhelmed CDs sold/given out.
Prayed blessings on all who've rec'vd 1.
Only 1 left so, let the next 1 begin?
Salsa in Kansas City is at the Monaco tonight in Martini Corner!
Dancing starts at 9.
LET'S GO CELTICS 
Christmas money Make extra cash for the holidays!
Furchangeamerica.com
So frikkin perfect.
: Leo's will remain loyal but once crossed deep down it's not likely that they will trust you again.
There is a timelessness4 retirerment inyrs 4 work 4ever 4others be and artist of 24/7 awareness.As but now Spring , single to mate a new be
In the Burgh smokin Cali RT : Off day in the Burgh....
Cool
YES!!!
In ya face Pittsburgh!
Play dirty and pay the price.
Ion think nobody fckin wit me wen it come to mskin koolayd
well yes, that would make about anyone's day lol
lol its some true shit he is a scam
I just have to say,I'd love to see some1 tryand 1 overachiever jumps on it
also checked out your cumbia spot, freaking D.F.
dancing machines twirling and whirling like unbounded trompos!
If iTV becomes a reality will we see a serious movement towards a DirecttoiTunes distribution model for TV and Film?
Tommorow ain't promised, live like it ya last day
My Hair Is A Full Mess But Idc 

Dear Facebook, I heard Twitter's replacing you.
Hellyea, karma's a btch!
Sincerely, MySpace.
:pls say more about what you see as the future of enhanced ebooks.
loved it, bought it now can we buy yesterday ??!
Absolutely gorgeous version of one of my all time favorites
I didn't take any but my friends did so when they post them you can see
Good luck tomorrow!
Show that he should make a guest appearance on the best Tri Podcast.
So sad to hear the one of the greatest voices in music is no more....
Thank you for the RT's!
Tacoma police say couple held hostage for 3 hours in overnight home invasion.
Man attacked when he tried to escape.
More coming...
i would love to say i believe you, but based on your facebook lately I beg to differ.
wow man, that is intense
since using TC2000, trading has improved.
lots more to learn.
was time for me to make that step.
THX 4 ur suggestions!
Tea beckons us to enjoy quality time with friends and loved ones, and especially to rediscover the art of relaxed conversation.
D.
Johnson
I need more ties.
is at the Catalog Use and Usability Studies session
Damn that's cool, a little munk.
He's gonna be one striking creative little dude.
you can also use the timed release.
I'll show ya.
Is there going to be a tweet up?
I can't wait!
That interview w/ G.
Zimmerman's dad was some rehearsed bs he got from his son....
hey will try my best to get there  if not see you in portland :
For instance, 'Give me an example in the past when you've anticipated a problem and how you handled it.'
Can't wait for Wednesday...;
So honored to play with special guests on Fri and on Saturday!
I so sorry señor.
oh and Dan, did you guys get my email?!
Hahahaha
IT'S OFFICIAL!
Lady Gaga WILL be at the National Equality March.
October 10  11.
RT : We dont stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing  George Bernard Shaw
LMAO IM DYING LAUGHING at this convo!
Great!
Thanks so much.
It's Saturday...
Is the Internet down yet?
Just finished teaching part one of my two part Sign Language for Librarians workshop!
What a great group of librarians!
YOYO when do I get to hear some tunes.
Follow my peep!
She rocks!
nice blog post.
I'm doing research papers now.
I love being right there as they take notes rather than lecturing on note taking.
I am now the proud owner of 2 Coachella wknd 2 tickets!
So stoked!
Now, who's coming with me?
:
is so doctornk
Question of the Day: How does one live forever?
I hope it all gets better :
lol well it may be better but now I'm hungry for something good hahaha like Tacos!!
Ok yay glad u got it, was messing up earlier
I hope to finally meet you and your fam tomorrow !:
happy WW my friend  formerly tweeting from Better Wine Guide  I hope all is well with you!
.
NOLAFoodSwap isn't our baby.
They are hosted at I suggest tweeting them!
I told my daughter she could pop 12 bottle's of milk for her 1st Birthday today..
at home in Waukesha
Lol RT : If I win the lottery tonight, I'm going to fill my car all the way up with gas.
Sam Still Loves Freddie
Great.
Thanks
Yup.
It's attempted, but it never ends well.
NonExistent.
Holiday vacation has never been this boring.
When will there be a hearing on HR 2885?
EVerify would open jobs held by illegal aliens 2 millions of unemployed Americans
If Dallas was more bike friendly I'd reconsider my primary mode of transportation in a heartbeat.
awesome.
Thanks and best of luck with it!
he taking long man
I hope that CJ Watson shot was tipped.
That thing wasn't even close
white guy huh?
yeahman, I'm Blessed bro, u?
You mean fags
doctorkes album 3
U2 concert tickets for Foxborough, Tampa, Vancouver, Landover, Atlanta, East Rutherford, Pasadena, Chicago go on sale tomorrow.
: Thanks for your support!
It was fun hanging out with you!
Thank u Edie!
It was great meeting u!
Reading worstfeelingever, a trending topic, today.
I realize this stuff is gardenvariety Twitter fodder, but I still marvel at it.
I came out to a job at 11am for an hour or so today...
Now Im hoping I didn't disturb anyone...
Remember when we used to stay up till 4 in the morning talking?
Yeah, I kinda miss that...
The thing where all the right songs are playing at all the right times.
this birthday girl song goes fffeeeddd
Thanks for the wonderful malbec blend and the cheese plate
The crash has caused some small spot fires on the runway and are currently being put out.
BITCH I'M RIGHT HERE !!
hahah.
We'll see, but I got OKC anyway.
hey everyone.
How are you all?
I'm good!
Lurking the shit out of this convo on my timeline
just a thought.
whos still for stop kony 2012
can't wait for the cubs/cardinals game tonight
notkidding leave or i will punch you in the throat
haha so how ya ben ??
what if she followed me?
:o 3
Great group of indivuals!!
WAS INDY FOR A MIN HIS 1ST MIXTAPE NO TRAP ZONE 2005 I STILL GOT IT HE PASS IT OUT FOR FREE
halftime wanted to see a wardoctorbe malfunction though
Love Rendezvous?
Spread the love, recommend us to your friends!!
Movie Review: The Raven Crows With Brooding Intrigue, but Is Ultimately a Bore Review in a Hurry: Nevermore?
Try never mind.
The Raven
I think you've got a second career choice!
Good job.
hi niall,i wonder why i cant direct message you.
Do u have any idea why?
;D
Breaking Dawn: amazing.
iHop service..
horrible!
Great night :
Invitations are done : party is going to be A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!!!
if you get invited you better come cuz it will be the best party ever!
Ellis with a clutch three
Fast and Marginally Annoyed
David Collins theorizes the category of the postanything beer.
I feel this concept is worthy of more indepth study.
I've given it some thought...and if asked, I would be the first family's pet.
Please get back ASAP.
We need you out there.
I believe everybody should get prosperous and famous and do all that they ever desired so they could notice that it is not the answer.
they put on a good show last night I might add!!
I'd like to send you guys a couple of if that's ok?
I can also send the new Horns  Rhythmistertro Hymns CD.
Jeff
My step sitter and nephews are here so much fun
Hey!
Do you need someone to help you with a paid search campaign?
If so, I can help with that!
: Let me know!
re: fashion..
and probs buy more shit
YAY!
Congrats!
Right behind you...RT HEY TWITTER I FINISHED MY UNDERGRADUATE CAREER LIKE TWENTY SECONDS AGO
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing.
Thanks and thanks for sharing!
it is a shame, any compliment to a girl is taken as thirst these days...I didn't realize there was something wrong with being nice
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
William James
Yet another set of kettlebells r on their way.2 me from Speed sets w/ 18kgs shortly!
Thanks Pirates Down to 9 now!
well I love me some art
Is anybody else watching 'Justified'?
I need to discuss season 2 with someone!
well what kind of phone do you have?
Blackberry what?
DSL TENNIS FINALS  Chicago Tribune
Im so bored.
I wish Jimi didnt have work.
NoLife
Just not when trying to lose the initial weight.
It's the weekend, but for small business owners when does the week end?
Just woke up 
: Happy people are always looking to help others.
Unhappy people are always asking what's in it for me?
I'm just going to apologize first, get it over with.
THE GYMKATAFATHER.
Part 2 is better, though.
For facebook, use large photos with captainon of 14 words or less.
Ditch large blocks of text.
Happy Pancake Day!
Looks like cakes 'n' beer for dinner tonight...
Come on down on Saturday and say hi.
We'd love to see what you have to say, human miced of course.
No birthday..
But I get cake!
...maybe I should shave to.
Eating lunch with friends at MTSUCampus 3
Thanks Shannon, it's always exciting to see where your words can travel
Thanks for the mentions Have a great week!
I miss you guys too!
Ended up going to San Diego, currently helping with funeral stuff, but nice to be at home!
I try :D
Did you just call Portland Portlandia!?!?
FUCK YOU, GOD.
tweetadder is downloaded from web to Mac or PC...
Yes, it's twitter manament software
I want to text you soo bad, but I'm afraid you don't want to.
busy is good and happy about is even better!
I've been busy with my paintings :
So they had a whole weed bust in darby today..smh.
You bet!
Thanks for the great tips/content.
I will vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC.
Lets return prosperity to NC!
1thingiwant4christmas  My Family
it hasn't changed, he is working to make us happy :
: Yup.
Anger is like a holding a piece of paper.
Sometimes you just have to let go
Leake is fooling NO ONE.
great seeing you on Tuesday!
I assume were angered by use of military successes for political campaigns because none of us were alive in 2008 or 2004
needs to rethink her digital life
Ugh I always get nightmares lol.
Ha!
With a good portion of the bill going to 1900CallToto :
OMG i was thinking the same thing lol
I miss Jet Jet!
:o
If you don't let it out, you're going to let it eat you away.
Thanks for the RT
Everything is beautiful!
Where are you sitting, by the way?
:
Great.
Woke up and got sick.
Just got out of work.
Is it me or is there a sudden overabundance of dead cats being left on the road!
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Winston Churchill
Followed.
x
Shout out to and much appreciated!
Make sure you guys check them out :
Childish Gambino at the New Daisy tonight!
Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island tonight!
Make sure you're at one of them!
Looking for comfort food tonight?
Come to for our homemade maccheese, grownup grilled cheese  creamtopped bread pudding!
Follow me as I am a potential Qatifi true blue hoya !
HOYA!
SAXA!
Electric cars need portable battery packs.
You'd go to gas station  trade empty one for charged one.
Or you can charge it in your apt.
You guys were awkward
Don't want to go to school :/
Dear fans, You can't skip Match Play and be player of the month.
The world's best were in Tucson not Pebble.
let me know when u get the info I wld love to be apart of that too
right now I have 3 roomies,  I'm only living with one of them again next year : what are you gonna be doing??
RT IF YOU LIVE IN SAN ANTONIO LIKE ME!!
:D lol
This rain is ridiculous...
don't forget, it's namaste, bitches!
Outta this world.
Total recall.
I see entered the Top 10 on Gospel Songs chart!
Congrats man!
Still remember the first recording in '05
best business ideas
ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his girl like a queen :
Why is it whenever jc goes offline im always on.
And then when i leave he comes on.
Does he like read my mind.
Or.
Hdkgleihdisp.
Fucks sake.
Glad to see the wizards win
Psa 34:14 Depart from evil and do good; seek peace and pursue it.
Not sure how I'm functioning right now.
Sleep, my best friend, is nowhere to be friggin found.
Have a safe trip  we'll see you soon!
The RAMS were out training with SEAL Team again this morning, learning a lot about ourselves and the team.
Season days away!!!!
Gotta crazy craving for a cool treat!
cran apple cider gelato after work!
Beyond Spaghettini with Mushrooms Day, Wednesday is Free Pool Day  Karaoke Days, er, Nights at Coney  Ironwood.
Day 2 of monsterwriting the chapterfromhell: a coffee IV might be more efficient.
I've always wanted to be able to yoodel!
I MUST learn how!!!
Haha
The good news for today is that Mario Williams is visiting buffalo and I got 2.5 million in temple run.
Omq i really wanna be in matts music video i email and i would the happiest person in the world if i qet to be in it3: :D
I told you.
reality tv eliminations can't be harsh, they're not real
Big bro gets to hangout with friends while I'm home alone cos my mum said I couldn't have friends over:
There is always something left to love.
And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing.
Lorraine Hansberry
It was nice meeting you as well!
Hope to see you at the next event.
Can't wait to read Steven Tyler's new book!
If you've read it, tweet me your thoughts!
;
cool lmk when you done I will like to hear it :
of course.
I listen to them all.
I wouldn't know I was in America if I didn't go to bed totally confused each night.
: 
: Super HOT Earrings!
wonderful news I always knew you where a great actor and would do good things once your life got back in order good luck!
They brought Tupac back as a hologram...
Uh just witness an older man poop in the streets of NYC.
Fantastic.
soak up the sun baby !!
I got you!
Baking scones high 
Coffee really helps me.
WebGreekTip  Make meetings more efficient, send out polls  let your members vote from anywhere, anytime!
yo u mad cool!
i wished u lived in new york so we can hang out cause my birthday is april 10 and im doing something special
It's a venti latte day.
Wrong day to wear open toed shoes.
Had to run through the hail and wade through the puddles!
NCL has exclusive Military Appreciation Rates on select sailings!
Call our experts today at 8008037245!
ya im going to get one.
Just not sure about them yet
Please post session ideas!
I'm out of sessions to tweet about.
: So what problems/challenges do you want to tackle?
she is coming to Summer Jam....FYI.
And colton Dixon is on jay Leno also!:
: Being the first to clap in an audience  then everybody joins you  thinking Yeah, you are all my btches.
hey doll face!
Baby Jesus misses you!
Beating at air hockey
The Truth just hit a three from the North End!!!
good luck tonight fam
RT : is home from the hospital and is expected to have three weeks off to recover.
Leaving in an hour and a half!
Yay!!
: Our training staff is the best I've ever had  chatting on
That's funny!
Thanks for the forecast!
We'll have fun and enjoy this weather for you!
Great to see the team today.
The energy is palpable!
cc
Hope you are here!
I still got feelings for you
This is really great Mandy!
Doc
Guys who r built like me should not wear Affliction shirts!
It's not cool!
Stop shopping at the
I'm reading Back of Beyond by C.J.
Box this weekend.
ugh!!
working two full time jobs right now and I am exhausted...and it's only day two!
somebody get some sleep for me please...
carlgrending thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Aww, oh stop it you!
:3 Lol love you333
I actually felt a twinge of disappointment when I stepped outside a little before 6 and realized the temp plummeted to 64 degrees.
love this one!
RT : If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.George S.
Patton
why dude?
Clarification: Swann was mayor of Baltimore before the war and elected Governor of Maryland in 1864
Did J.R.
Smith just make a shot?
its princess to u !!
Yes!
mister Ray is giving us an opportunity to improve the school.
He is giving us his commercial building.
HOPE DHS gives us a break.
I can't ever just sit next to someone..like some part of my body has to be touching theirs..lol
Happy returns to ya then!
could be his final match at the bridge
thank you !!
Great time at great conference!
I love Ur BLS : can u tweet me too, when u post a new chapter ?
Because u do FAB work!
RT : Facebook people are liking my page from all over the world.
That just amazes me
don't tempt me...
but yeah, probably
Is there a cookie supplier here?
Anywhere?
I keep thinking about my goals and how I'm going to get there..who am I going to get there with?
wow  that's awesome, thanks for the heads up
Y I thot goin to an fc party was a good idea is beyond me
Overheard at checkin for The EuroConnect 3: Do I have to show my passport to get in?
will do.
Thanks again for the shout out :
Couldn't agree more!
A lot of bow ties at 140cuse...makes me miss
oh okay and its okay
you were amazing tonight in NJ : i love you so much.
fearless
I listen to that song all day everyday
Shout out the team
Its so hard to celebrate when im 1/5 Giants fan at this bar Hahahahaha
Not me, man.
I went with schnitzel.
Doesn't sound Irish, but the place was filled with FDNY guys so it counts.
strange that Tiger spoke about the swirling winds, while others remarked about the very calm conditions
I went to two places to get a book that i want...
they were BOTH CLOSED!
PISSED OFF
Always behave like a duckkeep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle like the devil underneath  Jacob Braude
If you love Mermaids then check this out...a brand new fantasy NaLee2010.com the beginning of a trilogy!!!
Just got back from school!!!
:
It's also my grandpa's birthday tomorrow and then the doctoramFest at school.
hahah don't worry about irrelvent bitches!
because ur the star and they are punks who got their asses whooped!
Watched Scandal online!
Love the new abc show.
Baby, you the mud on my tires.
That was how this dude just ended his vows.
Some peoples childoctorn.
I am wondering how to increase my followers
yo, i need your addoctorss !!
Your not all seriously home watching the oscars are you?
South street punks  hardcore are calling you!!
Come support Boston's DEAD FRIENDS!
It's true, you find yourself doctorfting right just to rebel against all the extremo pinko wackos!
Love the new keek:
Alright.
Heres the deal, if you are a girl, do not call me babe baby etc or baby talk me.
I'll just look at you like youre an idiot
Deadskins fans make me laugh RG3 major bust for sure.
Cowboys phenomenal pick lookout!!!
November to January was hell, we were really going days without sleeping.
We worked our ass's off.
Thank you!
;D
Follow me on instagram!!!!
now you're all older and in college  happy tears lol x
Ehh..
okay, I
Just found out I didn't get a single problem on my math mid term correct
Of course!
:
trying to fix the coloring on my twitter professorle!
i love that you came back to Port Charles.
What's next for anna?
What trailer?
RT : saw an interesting trailer on email, how do i get reminded when it shows on the big screen?
i love u guys so much please follow me i love you forest
I wish you would notice how it is
Cant wait for people to just grow the fuck up!
All please keep following, things will start getting a lot more interesting that's for sure.
Thanks for the mentions  late:
hey man, where was that shot you guys got of us.
I wanna promote you guys but cant find it on the deja site
thanks!!
i will be watching
Happy Ides of March.
Legal document server in Sacramento, CA 9165090677
when i almost brake my neck in soccer and all you care about is if were still going to finish the game
I'm so official all I need is a whistle 
RT Tick tock, you're running out of time!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
Thanks to everyone who came out to Tamale Thursday yesterday.
Wed love you hear what your favorite menu item was!
Every Wednesday we post an interview with an Austin Lawyer
: Being Called A Fucker  I like it for some reason lolhorny ass
TY I'm excited about SoSlam too!
Happy St Patrick's Day!!!
May you enjoy all things green!
You know...lettuce, grass, kale, moss, recycling, thumb, etc.
When they matter most.
happy for all of this.
I just want the Bullets to remember who's job is what lol
GRE prep class in the AM...and so the fun of applying to grad school begins.
Feels like just yesterday I took the SAT.
I HAD COFFEE FOR LUNCH!!!
RT : I love the smell of growth in the morning.
It's a good day to be a part of .
Anyone else want in?
The artist is not a different kind of person, but every person is a different kind of artist.
Eric Gil
RT Everyone knows a good teacher when they see one.
They make the impossible seem possible.
sorry about that incoherent toss.
We zigged, then zagged and then apparently zigged again.
Sigh.
perhaps u should help him fix it rather than tweet it to everyone
no really though who said that hahaha
That awkward moment when one of your regular customers is at another caribou with you doctornking coffee next to you.
Hallmark in Noblesville off of 37 has buy any item get half off the 2nd!
Where's mine?: M subway for dinner!
:D
I'm blaming Mca's death on lmfao
tastes great and doesn't fill!
That means I must fill spaces in the cellar that don't exist.
Yet I will ...
Thanks for the follow!
I eat once a day..thats bad??.
m i prefer chocolate cake which one do u prefer...
I trust you enough not to have to touch ur phone Lol
RT : God as political consultant: At least four of the Republicans running for president say God told them to run......
Hello Leo
What day is the FightClub discussion meet up?
WHERE U AT NO NECK?
We did get a bit of it I think.
But it was just like very heavy rain fall  a bit of wind.
Nothing like what you went through
True.
No one really knew them here.
I developed a crush on the one with the fake Jamaican accent so...I know.
;
Glad you are enjoying the MastersPOV!
We are so happy to have you!
I'm tired in the day, but have trouble falling asleep at night.
Are there any natural remedies for that?
I have no illnesses.
From a Facebook fan: I'd hold hands with this cheeseburger.
Muahaha!

Tempting.
Very tempting.
May be in touch!
I will: and no cause you still have my hat too lol
....and for all confused followers, this was all aired during a Jazz Journalists Association panel discussion this morning at
Be A Shield Please donate to those in need.
This the worst day of my life!!!!!!!!!
Good morning!
I'm starting off to a great day : I'm here at the gym.
Descendants a fine work, but extremely muted.
Payne seems afraid of any hint of shtick or melodoctorma.
Good cuttingroomfloor film, I bet.
I'll see you soon babe!
I know you will rock the house!
Have fun.
It's Friday!
Yaaas!
Currently doing my TGIF Happy Dance 
I really hope the ying yang twins and sisqo announce their seed stage fund at the event
6:41am  I still ain't sleep im not gonna lie  say im working...I just can't sleep!
I swear this record is catchin fire...
Radio, clubs, and the streets...
far too much salt on my eggs.
good thing i freaking love salt on my eggs.
Real Madoctord.
Last year I cheered you on from a bar in Spain now I am locked away in an office daydoctoraming about it
Unfortunately for ows, Justice is often blind like a welldoctorssed bat...
The lawyers have returned from a lengthy back room conference with Judge Mark Wolf.
DiMasi trial set to resume.
Luvs me some cold play can't wait.
Til they come to DC
Off to my first baseball game of the season, to bad it's a Giants game.
But I guess for one night I can root for the bums.
lol they went to go get Tyrone to say Dominos we Close LMAOOOO!
More thanks!!
RT People whose tweets I always enjoy:
What an empowering day this have been.
Ladies Tiffany worked hard and it paid off.
Great job and I am so glad to have been apart of it.
Sounds like a win:win for both of our needs
Know somebody that's works at papa johns.
Winning
Good morning ACC!
Happy Monday!
Remember to get to school on time!
Ugh, my stomach hurts...
:
Thinking about reaching from within...
; who ever i didn't follow back, I'll flow y'all back tomorrow, my eyes kinda low so I can't tell if you ugly or not.
Well, how was the accompanist for you?
Haha.
cheers for the RT : Go Sox!
Dont torture yourself Life will do it for youdownload free InSpotter app
RT : A4.
We have the ability to transform ourselves into a new perception just by changing our behavior.
is one sly girl haha
hey, your words with friends game is full.
I can't start another game with you.
lol I am not ...dnt b liein on twitter
Ten years ago, Miller never tried to take his man off the doctorbble.
He was a low post then.
Now wants to be Dirk.
But it works.
In my mind, I'm always the best.
If I walk out on the court  I think the next person is better, I've already lost.
Venus Williams
Which was your favorite game today Chad?
I guess Lensar contract allows him to have Jimmy Johns on his attire?
No one does anything from a single motive  Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Sorry to miss you at the club yesterday.
Give me a shout when you're up again.
where?when did i say that?i think its virus people sends me that too and when i click it it won't work....its nothing
how to explain.
I always find myself explaining things to you and everything is usually taken out of context
you are actually the best!!!
Oh noo!!!!
Please get healthy!!
damn did u wash yo ass today
At the CAU pageant, students don't still the napkins from the table, they will put a hold on your account.
I'm finishing it.
sounds like a plan!
It was magical this morning.
that may make meeting him awkward but um yeah if you're sharing haha
Revenge?
Nah, i'm too lazy.
I'm gonna sit here and let karma fuk you up.
I'm the craziest person on earth!
; And I prob do..
If it weren't for my 'coffee limitations', I'd probably doctornk up to 8 cups!
A Bad Ass core workout always makes me feel great.
What makes you feel great?
Despite all the bad fucking reffing my giants came out on top all playoffs that's why we're in the Super Bowl fucking haters
Pastor, haven't seen you since Disneyland.
Lol I pray all is well with you and yours
Here's the addoctorss...9812 Falls Road Potomac, MD 20854.
See you there!
Sex ain't better than love?
Who lied to Trey Songz?
Lol
21 days till your vacationwdw yeah I know with and :
this is so true.
i think about it so hard and how sweet and extreme i could take it then realize i'd prob mess up in the process
Peanuts can be used to make dynamite!
Peanut oil can be processed into Nitroglycerine, which is an ingredient of dynamite
I was looking for that song !!!!
It's my favorite song !!!
But I could never find out the name !!!
And , AW!
go back to being a medicore program and stop being better than 90 percent of teams that come to kohl center
Regarding phantom sequel to exploit  from the legions of middleaged, undersexed catladies obsessed with the original.
Lovely day in Nashville!
We are pumped to play at Jenis E.
Nashville 57pm, then Hard Rock Cafe 10pm!
Like you guys never panic when your arm gets stuck in a shirt sleeve.
going out?
We are watching a nice film by Sir David Lean.
LEARNING!
It was the first confirmation that the Afflecks should leave acting to Casey and directing to Ben
Despite the media hype around the game, if the Saints beat the 49ers, isnt that considered an upset since the Saints are seeded lower??
NIGGAS CLOWND OUT!
Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.
Brian Tracy
YOU WANT SMOOCHES....I WANT SMOOCHES!?xoxox
NH man accused of lying about his wife cancer.
Turns out she's fine.
Employer gave him thousands.
Are you working for Facebook?
At the Owls Nest in Sunriver, cougars are in full effect.....
Seaside flooded.
101 South closed.
Thx!!!
RT : I'm glad to hear about this mission and documentary.
This is why OKC isn't title ready yet.
Westbrook can shoot you in and out of games
Hi Eugene!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry and 1 Free Topping on a 14 Pizza
Just woke up from my nap.
Watching the sixers making spaghetti
splitting the difference b/w '77 and '79 to bring you the best of 1978, tune into rainydawg.org 11 am to 1 pm PST!!
Just when I think I'm no longer naive, I find out I am still naive.
My neighborhood was CRAZY last night.
Omg its almost doctorss Time
Happy New Years to not only the best city in the world but some of the best people in the world!!!!
Love and miss you New York!!
good luck!
the crowd tonight in Grand Rapids is ready to tear it up
Abita purple haze
From : They dont gave to win three games, they only have to win one game three times
I like woman
oh lawd.
I doctornk Starbucks yday morning.
: worst decision right there.
Haven't had it in months.
What did you dance to for your first dance at your wedding?
Ideas for other brides?
Isn't that what man does.
White supremacists use the bible to justify their beliefs.
The bible was used to justify slavery.
I missed it too.
This is week 2.
Your packaging did post today.
Let me know when it arrives.
Kevin
tell me about it.
I'm almost done here.
Then I'm gonna grub.
Hulk smash
I don't imagine that TD Ameritrade is thrilled about this either.
I wonder how bad paint fumes really are.
I'm starting to less smart!
Thanks for coming out to hear us!
how many things do we need for englishh?
Had to educate some people on the difference between falling trees,  tree felling.
Bon iver who..............money makes things happen in this biz
Hell Week is neearrr
Who could resist the chance to say that?
I also repeat to him all cheesy antiLSU jokes that mom emails me.
Who the hell vacuums at 11:15 at night!?!?
your very welcome beautiful
It's National Walking Day!
Physical inactivity doubles the risk of HeartDisease!
Find 30 minutes during the day to get out and walk, SA!
Had another nice dinner with wife at Crazy Water, NY Strip was best steak I've had in a while.
Just what we needed, it was a tough week.
Just found out Nevada is a threatened state for an optometric surgery bill in 2012.
News to me, and the leg isnt even in session.
At least Woodward  Bernstein got Felt to go on background.
You won't even name the teams your sources are on.
SOO Wassup with black girls and this Weeve thing?
Ladies it's time for
RT if you'll support forever,always and till the end 3
When a Milwaukee County truck is clocked way over the limit, a routine Speedbusters assignment turns into a hunt.
Tonight at 10, TMJ4
watchtheawk officially started...
let the magic begin...
mood lighting please.
I'm emailing you now.
Thank you
Red Co Getting Back On Our Game.
same here Vin!!
it was supposed to be snow on the ground!
but no, lol:
a byte of prevention is worth 5MB of cure
A New Generation Runs for Congress: Jesse Kelly, AZ Special Election  Big Hollywood
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Everything you say is 100 true!
i just had Pizza but not from Pizza Hunt cause the Pizza Hunt here ran out of business.
depressed.
sheeesh.
This game is not pretty at all...
you got yourself a deal.
Thinking about benchmarks for library training and how different models exist that create the same outcome: knowledge.
More soon
Didn't even unpack when I got home tonight from asecs12.
Just sat down in front of the TV and watched The Bodyguard.
I'm cool like that.
Specials tonight at Sports are 4 Jack and Absolut.
Have a great weekend !
Ok what do you do about bad reviews/crisis management on different networks
wonderful!
I'm so glad to hear it  ya, I am too, thank you ;
NowPlaying next to you
Just looking through a bunch of pictures of Elvis Presley.
333
I like the oneshoulder party doctorss.
Classy and sexy!
cc:
Be Great and Dominate!
RT Today is a great day to 
Thanks for RT !!
Still creeped out by the fourth kind...
Add aliens to my list of fears
I Totally Love Adorn By Miguel
Hey!
What state do you live in?
You look fun to hang out with so I was just wondering.
Bye the way my name is Jillian, I am 11.
: 
he enjoys his stodgy demeanor too much.
He loves himself just the way he is.
Ran the steps at the Hollywood Bowl this morning, and now I'm heading to Grauman's to see DARK SHADOWS.
knicks shumpert seriously travels every time he doctorves.
Carries more than
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X7
thnks for the follow!
Promote?
Diggin the bio real girl!
My booking office is my bed.
That way when I curl into the fetal position from sending too many emails I am comfortable.
Its been real
Get the fuck out of here, 21 dollars for headphone?
Nigga please
We were thrilled to have a group of high school students from Tejas at last Friday's show!
First time they'd seen theater in Spanish.
About to cook Sunday dinner!!!
:
Thanks, Martha!
look into downloading a torrent client like bitlord to download torrents.
that's the best way to download/collect music.
Im not a clown
I can't ;; I went to SM Town NYC but I wanna see EXO ;;
It's funny how freedom can make us feel contained.
Haven't seen snow in about seven years  I don't miss the cold!
Enjoy!
We want to see your photos and hear about what you see this weekend!
Tweet us with the hashtag IngenuityFest!
WITH DERBY IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER ITS THE PERFECT TIME TO GET THAT FRESH FIT
Banging my head against The wall doesnt take away The uneasy sadnes..
Haha only gives me a major headache.
Lolz jk people...
Eh
Can't wait to read Kim's tweets!
Who doctornks Coffee?
Checkout www.Serenigy.com/mdupree Great Coffee!!!!
IM NOT TRYING TO FIGHT, IM TRYING TO DESTROY
Time change...blech.
You are never really playing an opponent.
You are playing yourself, your own highest standards, and when you reach your limits, that is real
I'm having the same problem.
Let me know if you get an answer.
I'll do the same for you.
I generally believe more information is better.
:
Black and yellow go so good together
wow.
I dont know how to respond to that.
Thanks for the info.
On our way soon.
Just watched a 8 year old slaughterhouse a grown man in a dance battle.
School finance debate starts.
Rep.
Lois Court notes school funding still in a deep hole.
Been doctorving, haven't had a chance to say LetsGoRangers F'yeah !!
Can't say I've been this unexcited about Opening Day since 2004, but Ya Gotta Believe.
Let's go !
SOX: Dustin Pedoctoria goes opposite field for tworun double, giving the RedSox a 41 lead with nobody out in B2.
And the weather has screwed us again.
he won the entire title.
thank you for following!
nice.
Send some this way.
We need it!
Use Condoms!!
where can I get mix tape at!
Come on stop hating this dudes real
haha but other than dying before graduating how have you been?
Welcome!
Be sure to check out while you're here.
Awesome movie experience.
Hope it works out for Russell Wilson in Seattle, one of the nicest guys I've ever had the pleasure of covering on any level
wow...Good lookin out:
Man, it's over for everybody if this Wrecking Machine gets good at Jiujitsu!
So many fighters would duck this guy!
I'll send the paper your way!
I would love your feedback!
What do you consider as your favorite venue in Austin to hear great music?
Take some time to remember why it's good to be alive.
We were all going He's really praying wow!
i HATE hearing moneymakers say oh, i make SO much that sometimes i look at my saving accountt just to laugh about it.
?!
Would suck to be on those treadmills facing that wall.
The downtown Y is where it's at!
Iowa's out of the question for Uthoff unless he stretches out his appeal, correct?
I want Wing Stop.
:c
Haha!!
Love it.
Countin' down the days my dear friend!!!
I don't want you but I need you 
I guess we'll let get away with that Harvard jersey..
He is a New Yorker 1st
And now I have to participate in a coaching call in order to not receive a surcharge on my health insurance?
Quick poll,  what do you think will be the biggest cloud challenge in 2012?
If I remember it correctly it was mistakenly for Easter.
For his notJewish girlfriend.
Because, you know, Eastereggs.
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
BUSINESS ROUNDUP: April 2012  Maui Now
Every time I think I've reached adulthood, I find myself Googling something like How often should I wash my bedsheets?
RT : If my eyes ain't see it then my mouth won't say shit about it....
I never tried Zoya but I heard saavy reviews on it...would luv 2 score a free bottle 2 try it!
NELLUMINATI.
THE NEW TALK OF THE TOWN!!!!
What topic are you considering for your talk at EdCamp Columbus 2012?
Does anyone have any good blogs they read regularly?
I like theY camping socialmedia and
OUT.
Muscled the doors open.
I was in between 2 levels.
Then the FD had2 hold both doors open 4me to scoot out.
Guess the sirens were 4me.
Having a photo shoot tonight at The Bosco HQ.
Free fooddoctornk.
You're all invited!
The word apple comes from the Latin word meaning apple.
relationshipsendbecause people grow apart and stop communicating
Maybe God cares about who we are becoming more than about what we are specifically doing.
That is lifechanging, right there....
Need poker supplies??
Come visit our ONE STOP Poker SHOP  www.eproducts4less.biz
: When a woman gets pregnant, isn't it safe to say that the man who caused it, is ALSO pregnant?
I would say it is!
that's not the only ridiculous stuff he says.
The most indemand CbusJob is Computer Systems Analyst with Web Developer coming in at
Yes!
U are absolutely right on with that!
His timing is perfect..
Patience is maturity in our character too..
i miss you too babe!
3
you really should get out more ;
thanks For Follow Back
Thank you for the Jersey shore twist of the prodigal son story.
Most people don't doctorve six hours for a happy hour.
We are not most people.
Deep Ellum tonight at 5.
LOL I was showing some clients how to schedule tweets on Hootsuite.
Jumped the gun a little didn't I?
:
true this year went by in like .2 seconds  i am in no way, shape, or form ready to say goodbye to my seniors!
I love them so much!
3
Sorry I had to use the Fword with you.
Everybody needs to vote Portal 2 for the VGA game of the year award
Hey I'm excited to hear you will be coming.
I'm sorry to hear your husband will be deployed, but I will be praying for you both!
glee in chicago?
um yes please!
I can finally meet Cory Monteith and be his Rachel ;  hahaha
Happy Birthday to our General Manager, Tami!!!
Go have fun girl!!!
Thinking the same damn thing RT : Secret weapon.
RT : I'm not sure why Popovich is staying away from Kawhi Leonard.
Fired up 'bout
This year's first batch of Octoberfest Lager has just begun fermentation and will be ready for your enjoyment soon!
MONDAY NIGHT LIVE!
MNL!
MONDAY NIGHT LIVE!
MNL!
MONDAY NIGHT LIVE!
MNL!
Free Parking after 7.
See you soon!
No magic pudding, just a few meagre crumbs  Sydney Morning Herald
not a trader I just play for both teams ;
: Welcome to the game Danny Granger!!!!
Nice to see you!!
a ton of 80s bands didn't get the hint.....
RT : if you need other beats, let us know.98.5 is playing artist now that we did the bear for AWREADY!
I wish Twitter had a scroll to top button like Pinterest does.
After a week on Anna Maria Island, it's good to be home!
lol.
Thanks : : you're a momma too so happy furry mothers day to you!!
if we get tickets to see Glee live, my life will be complete
This weekend was great!
Getting my new phone after school tomorrow.
Texting Michael.
3 Goodnight :
Shes with her BooThang :: But why don't I see though?
Hailey Baldwin is gorgeous.
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities.
The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life.
The Canto
if all of these marriage bill meetings and speeches don't start off with mawwage, is what bwings us togever today then i don't even know
I as just trying to bring back an oldie.
LOL
At the studio with in Burbank
Can't wait for the kca
Grope.
Trip.
Lunge.
lemme hear what you got
aah that sounds so sad.
:
Cobra zl limited
So I got to speak with Valley Dude Customer Service.
Don't tell me how you know money is tight and other bull lines, just fix it.
Summer is coming, have your kids t shirts ready!
General Washington has announced to his Boston area army that the Northern army has taken the city of Montreal, Canada.
Its not what you KNOW, its how you THINK that will make you successful.
Follow she's perfect 3
Fuck english, don't need ALevels to be in a band
Twitter says I should follow you.
Why?Because you spell your name with a Y?
GIVE ME A REASON!!
ilikedyouonthetonightshow!
how can this be?
: The anorexia rate in men has increased by 16 since last year.
My manorexia becomes a statistic.
I hate being so petite!
Haha
Just tapped Franconia winter wheat and Shiner holiday cheer!!
I love My Name Is Earl so much.
Sapong will score soon
Congrat !
Displaced houstonian in new mexico wishing i was there to celebrate w/all my texans friends
That's how i'm feeling right now RT : Sleepy but don't want to go..
Really bored tho..
True true!
Let's make it so!
What's your fav sushi place?
Madonna?
Super Bowl?
Weak, what Prince wasn't available?
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG  opening Saturday, March 12th.
7:30pm.
Santa Monica Playhouse.
NP Tressa Thomas Thyck Glow Music from and Ft.
Coming up!
Morning Show!
Yeah!
Whenever u want.
I wish I had boobs.
Number 1 rule in the streets,Show no luv..Love will get u killed..
The teaser trailer for my feature film Paperthin is out.
Check it out on my facebook!
we need some freh legs.
baby is sleeping, hubby is at work, and i am editing away
Super excited for UTBlackademics tonight!
I'll try my best to live tweet the event and I'll be blogging on it tomorrow.
Dwell not on the past.
Use it to illustrate a point, then leave it behind.
well, it's perfect!!!
Sleek by 50 are maybe out on April 11
I missed you  your doctornk tweets
GreatestSongIntrosEver Ice Ice Baby Vanilla Ice
Very chilly day here!
How was your visit to Baltimore?
follow the cause
DJ Cooper is why I had Ohio over Michigan and why Ohio will end up the Sweet Sixteen.
Unbelievable player, give it up for the little man.
Don't think there is anything planned for tomorrow.
Feel free to stop by for a captaininscoffee around 9:30am if you like.
Thanks man.
RT : Good piece by my man about the racist tweets by some bitter bruins fans...
People are stupid.
What would it take for you to move yourself from the back burner to the front?
and congrats on the wins!
sounds good to me;
Strangely compelling!
RT : I want one of these in my mouth  Newest Super Bowl treat: chicken wing cupcakes...
Even the Lakers fans acknowledged that was a fantastic dunk.
Just a little loving' early in the morning, beats a cup of coffee, each and everyday as sung by the brilliant
Happy Thanksgiving Bison.
This is exactly what my brain thought.
RT ew.
fergie.
Oh, very cool: curtain talker is welcoming visiting actors from the Belfrey Theatre.
Kinda feeling sick...to my stomach
Awesome turnout tonight MKE!
Delicious food from at  a sweet set from at tonight!
Last day of work for me this week!!!
Dad making early Thxgvg dinner with such classics as stove top stuffing  canned jellied cranberry  just b/c he can.
honestly people had to bring him up while i was having a good time...
Happy Birthday!
Cappy loves you!!!!!
Today I will find out if I made the talent show!!!: I pray I did!
Good meetings, ideas, and weather
1982 does have some powerhouse films.
The Thing is one of my all time favorites.
you account logout
fight on little pony, fight on!
;
Best Ink needs on the show
Why is it after a full moon there are SO MANY changes?!
Hey Hey!
working has caused me to have no social life.
I dont wanna wait for my lunch to get colder cause its ham and cheese ha ha ha ham and cheese.
out of all the bad names my brother can call me, he decides to call me a guido  umm okay?
thanks for the follow!
:
Life is a trip!
Feeling so fragile.
Worst.
Ever.
Today's going, too be GREAATTT.
3 But not, better than yesterday .
c:
just saw this!
Sometimes I wonder what goes through our writers' brains.
Genius, but they should have their heads checked.
I hate waiting :
Oddly depressing Facebook status update: Why won't anyone buy my old textbooks?
Catfish is a very uncomfortable movie.
That's the best word I can think of.
you're amazingthanks for today
Im starving!
I havent eaten much today haha im too lazy
To say the truth I hate promises
Carlos to the moon!
RT :
RT : Excited for NASCAR weekend.
Going to the race tomorrow with to root for my cuz handles his tires
First time running since track ended, and I ran 5 miles.
Flights and hotel confirmed for the Taiwan Bicycle dealers show in March.
Here we go again.
I heard about this pizza place in Murray you should try.
Huge Game ...
I might even get thrown out early to rally the troops.
If your ugly don't play hard to get, your already hard to want!
Lmao!
It's hard to stay focused on the forest when so many trees get in the way.....
twitter doesnt care
imagine that!
although maybe not every time haha.
:
I'm watching ole girl over on pump four, what you doing with all that rump hoe?
replay ..
Metta caught him solid with the elbow.
no flop there.
I wanna go and let's take 
Ready for him to come out now!!!!!
: i'm gonna be so sore tomorrow ugh that's what she said
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme.
Don't think I can go, though.
I have to work that day.
Bummer.
you do what needs to be done.
Simple enough to write a Set.
generic, too, but Set.
is in core and Pair.,.
isn't.
Why not?
thanks for the RT!
:
she's playing on that Monday so I'll prob have to take off work
I am actually black from the waist forward
No more Palin!!
Watching Today with Viggle Wed  7AM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks allison!!!
when's our next date?!
haha
Very successful beginning knitting class today.
It might be warmer than usual, but still fun to knit!
name names
Congrats to Studio 24/7 actor Eric Davis who booked a commercial!!
You'll always be baby 3 
i need sleep.....i thought you meant chinook like the salmon...
and was like he must be doctornk
Jordan Zimmerman walks up to Citizen Cope Bullet and a Target
back ON TAP: Opa's Cider.
Still cider aged in cognac barrels for 8 months.
ONLY at BL.
So good.
Free milk!
Can't make techATstate today, but Twitter is keeping me up to speed.
Thanks, Internets!
aww thanks for the shoutout..ill give you one too:D
planning a client open house event...
Officially ordered my very own set of and the first expansion!
It only cost me 35 and the remainder of my soul.
It would be cool if somehow a volcano spewed something besides lava for once....like YooHoo or maybe a shrimp salad...
have fun princess
My wife suggests taking a shot every time one of these idiots says blessed, Jesus, or The Lord.
Not lookin forward to school, oh well im gonna make the best of it
....!!!happy vday everyone i luvvvv u guyz and my undercover fans
sure John, love your content.
I may have to kill myself if I have to mix another country song about alcohol with a rowdy bar gang vocal at the last chorus.
might as well doctorp out if your in it..
No chance for misterno days off
oops!
Now I've labeled you as a ring girl.
Fighter first!!
That convo was so funny that I couldn't pass it up.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 13
glad you like it:
I appreciate the effort.
I hate when women jump to conclusions
Leave Cory Provus alone...he is great and I want him to stay in Milwaukee
Off to teach  Truly a joy for me!
i just ran in my brothers room like screaming because im so excited.....im freaking out omg
my roommate used the last of my coffee this morning.
either he pays my rent next month or i kill him cold blooded.
Hmm right around the corner.
This sounds like a good research project for tonight.
2ThingsIAppreciate Money  Weed
HA!
The facial expression is the best!
Good to see you here!
That's not what I meant when I said the thing about letting Greinke finish games, earlier.
Vip going in now
And now we o and ah over this beautifully constructed clamshell box.
Trying to remember the last time I paid complete attention to a commercial that did not have a talking baby trading stocks.
Shankapotomus
Them boys bout to score again
At the risk of sounding like a 13 year old girl : OMG if Friday doesn't get here ill just die
SJP forever my Queen!!
Check your email
ain't he shit.
Why does he continue to shoot!!!!!
Getting Married?
Live in New Mexico?
Book us today....www.awpnm.com
im sorry betsy!!
when i can i will follow you and give you a shout out!
i promise!!
how exciting!!
Want to hear your plans!
You had me at meat tornado
Thought for the Day: You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated short term failures.
Charles C.
Noble
funniest show I seen in awhile good shit man
I tell that to all my dates
thatawkwardmoment when ya realize you've never been sexually attracted to guys yet you enjoy getting a little touchy feely in bed ..
no YOU are
Good things happen when you meet strangers.YoYo Ma
yahoo is still a thing?
I wont judge.
: ' I love him too.
See, you will meet him someday: 3
Thanks Trent
Gonna have party at cedar point with tomorrow :
Yep.
: So, when do you go back to school?
From 1927 to 1941, the Yankees won all 8 of the World Series in which they played.
God it's gorgeous outside...finally!
Cool beans.
Thanks.
Saw it earlier then wanted to show it to my son but it was private.
Go RSL!!!
Didn't wanna get up but Im sitting here with a cup of java watching the early morning sunshine creep across the lawn with smile on my face!
Looking like Mojito Bar for the HEAT GAME tonight!!!
Wherever we look upon this earth, the opportunities take shape within the problems.
I love the phrase high falutin'!
The okc thunder remind me of the 0506 sabres.
At least this team wont get blown apart by bad management
I belong to this crazy group of people that go by the name of : D I R E C T I O N E R S  RT if you're a directioner.
TMSC type of day today : 3 :D
I like to eat...
So my man needs to be the same way
hahaha well that's good for sure!!
Lol
IRONY: Foo Fighters make statement about music not being about computers.
Foo Fighters perform mashup with Deadmau5 30 minutes later.
Time to pretend.
Don't judge my choices if you don't know my reasons.
Going to see Darcy James Argue's Secret Society band play a preview tonight of new material at SUNY Purchase.
Should be a blast.
Join us.
wait.
They're allowed???
no problem hun I told you what I thought the first time you gave me the CD at the airport...lol
La'kee gave me 2 bucks for my nutella sandwich haha ;b
Broadway I was in the porch you went to the Brazilian store :x
atta boy, love the democrat.
Kind of hoping they misspell a name.
Im at status tonite burning the stage down!!
cablegang follow us loyalty records
I've been an extra for a few TV shows' episodes and for 'Mamma Mia!'  The Musical!
But nothing big :
These JROTC kids  why did i join this class???
How to Play Euchre for Advanced Players : How  When to Pass a Biddable Hand in Euchre
you can watch Daniel Orton on ESPN at 8
I may be the only previous John Mayer diehard fan that is not excited for his new CD.
I just can't do country.
: Joy arises from within you, pleasure from outside of you As always, so true.
I am inside of a building and my heart is beating so fast.
This game does NOTHING for my blood pressure!
Freshman Taylor Smith won 3rd place for best editorial cartoon in Missouri Press Foundations Annual Better Newspaper Contest!
Very cool!
I love you so much please follow me you rock!!!!
But I still love your tweet.
:
: Karone Law will be attending in the fallGO GREEN!
Why should I settle for anything less than I deserve
I wish I understood Spanish.
KTFF Channel 12
Cool  listening to music !!
Checking out the awesome marketplace today.
Glad to see my ol' KY home is well represented!
I posted it!
Hope ya like it lolol
U.Va.
great and threetime National Player of the Year Ralph Sampson just named to National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.
Can't move, won't move
Thanks for following my twitter Kim.
Happy New Year!
follow back?:, it'd be great to be able to keep intouch, you really inspired me!:
A5.
Good Old Reuben sandwich  Q5 Foodiechats via What is your AllTime favorite kind of
Rumors in Philadelphia of Benedict Arnold taking the city of Quebec have been dismissed as untrue.
RT : RT : The only thing these block days do for me, is give me false hope that the weekend is almost here.
...
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 20
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
hi , will i see a mosplaceforsteaks twitter soon?!
Nelson Mandela Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things
Seems to be an increase in military air traffic ...
did I miss a memo?
I had no idea people were this cruel over a loss.
Praying for peace for you and your family.
Exec Chef Doug Brown  Chef de Cuisine r mixin up sum AWESOME new dishes: Tagine Lamb Meatball Lollipops  House Smk Salmon Deviled Eggs!
Sorry I missed the webinar today!
Emergency came up.
Will there be a replay?
I just want to make sure you're sure before u unload them
Make sure you step on a hipster on your way in the building.
Just a random question..
Do I have any Chicago followers 21 that follows ChiefKeef?
So I gave a homeless guy a dollar he says fuck you im not poor I have 45 dollars you ass hole smh and I just walked away lol
..shake it off big homie
FACEBOOK WONT WORK!!!
CAN YOU DM ME??
neither, both piss me off because winning just means memorizing a bunch of bogus words
so bored..
Somebody txt me !
:D
Should I stay hme or should I stay home.
is better than your Mom!
Dancing with the stars has nada on !
it certainly is strong stuff, particularly for that sort of application.
Glad to hear you're feeling better!
but seriously matt how old are you turning.
She's like a more masculine Guy Fieri.
Sis say she getting wasted tonight!!
hahahaha I wanna see this shit!
I don't need no David Fitzgerald.telling me his opinion.
Everybody has one.
Good luck to he baby brother today.
Wish I could be there man.
Change your thoughts and you change your world
Waking up to no late start
Hopefully im the girl for him
:  embarassing.
Did search before sharing...not direct from yr site.
You are on TOP of things clearly.
Loved concept...
what's up chica?
has classy swagg ;
I hope Cubs fans aren't freaking out about losing out on Prince Fielder.
Wasn't worth the longterm investment that he was looking for.
That's easy.
36 stone and twelve.
Sorry to hear about your ordeal!
We're glad you enjoyed the Superfood.
I dig the iced coffee refills..hate the wifi.
Im going threw life wonderin where its taking me enjoyin wit my killas
Does that mean you like sticking needs in people?
kidsaredown time to watch
Plan B needs to be in full effect at some point this week...
I spend more time in my head then in the real world.
I hit it from the back, I make her touch herr toes
Being on twitter is definitely not how I'm going to be productive right now.
But it's so fun
Went to Subway for lunch today with then came on twitter to see SubwayFan trending..
Guess I am one!
Been reading the starblazer adventures rpg book.
Pretty neat, we did play it once, I want to try it again
going to the batting cages, estoy doctorving :O
Welcome my fellow colleague to the world of twits.
Can't wait to hear what this guy has to say.
Always ready for excitement around
thank you
sounds yum....
may have to try it!
Good times today, homey.
Totally living my life, showing the world I can't be kept down!!!!
No matter what or who, I am ME!
You wanna join me next year's Tour?!?
Maybe he was just trying to protest Santorum's anti selfindulgence campaign?
I miss !!
Hope u have a good week 
LIFE's great when you can laugh with others!
D RT Maybe nuts to hang out with this crew!
;
Facetime with kids is quite entertaining.
I think I'm too nice to people.
oh frozenstrawberrylemonade is for mcdonalds.
I get it now!
U don't think that bear on 's tweets now warms his toes?
MT : Not sure abt journo as big game hunter metaphor
hey man, good running into you at the Ginger Man with
Now your just somebody I used to know:
Depends on the girl, situation and time of year.
That's my favorite episode!
So perfect in every way..
I need to go watch it NOw!
go kill it!
Wish I could be your buddy : 
Tony Starks is an impressive individual, for real.
Son had me inspired throughout the whole movie.
The honor and pleasure is mine.
All my very best!
Happy Birthday!!
Always have updated resume and professorssional references available because you never know.
Wannago amazing!!!
Can't stop watching it!!
We are proud to deliver for Hog Island, El Greco,  Delish
Its been almost 14 years of playing Super Mario 64 and I finally beat it.
I have nutella, Be jelly.
:3
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!3
me too!
Awesome!!
haha.
That works.
what u doing man and y u always got something smart to say
Psalm 128:5 May the LORD bless you from Zion; may you see the prosperity of Jerusalem all the days of your life.
Cuz it's cold outside!
These folks in here giving me pointers on sex lol I am tripping its must be the liquor
We are excited to have joined Twitter and look forward to keeping you updated about ICDS!
Do you get to pick which sash you want to wear to the different events??
Thanks for the FF!
Time for a glass of wine...
Bloggers Any bloggers with a fan base interested in writing a post for our Sixty Seven line?!?
Had a great idea for a blog, then I spent my evening without writing it down, and it's gone.
skyrim,sandwiches, and , three of my favorite things!
just me and you or what?
love you too!
And congrats on tonight man!
Thank you so much 3 RT : Follow this professorle if you like swimwear or bikini
An admirer of Etgar Keret, Aleksandar Hemon, Sonia Sanchez, or Kronos Quartet's David Harrington?
Discover the thought process of these...
Damn you, lewd minx
Good call, Weeds, for starting the promo of the new season on 4/20.
Of course, now I'm pissed at myself for having to cut SHO to save money
Looking to get the Kickstarter project 2.0 launched by Tuesday.
Initial content almost ready.
:
You spearhead it, I'll back you.
Happy Pi Day
Anyone staying in town this weekend?
Twitter is helping me remember this.
Hiya!!
Do you do remixes too??
I just need to step away from these commit logs and get some sleep.
you have her.
you obviously don't need me.
light blue argyle obviously!!
ctfu u crazy : yes black crusty lips smh
That's the thing I never understood about music journalism in the digital age.
Pple can't deal w/bad reviews
Lightning talk: re: Maryland History and Culture Collaborative group.
Next meeting: Jan.
12 at Towson U.
No, but I didn't return my boss's phone calls fast enough and he fired me.
the handwriting had been on the wall for days.
thanks to see if it was cystel
If I dont meet by the end of the year the mayans were right
Deal.
See you there
I bet.
it's so god.
XD lol
oh yeah definitly!
You too,we should hang soon
Your just mad cause you havent got pussy since the pussy had you
You know Frank will wake up and be loud as hell.
I ain't feelin' that.
Lol.
ICantStandWhen WE GET HOMEWORK OVER THE WEEKEND.
THE WEEKEND IS FOR RESTING!!!
RT IF YOU AGREE
Thanks for the thoughts, Jihan!
Great insights.
happy birthday broseph let's take this waffle house down and twitter give him a shoutout
If I were still a 14 year old goth, that would amuse me.
The Vans warped tour is coming to Vegas June 30th at the Plaza Hotel parking lot woop woop I will go
Hope i don't get stood up o0.
Ugh printers make me want to chuck them thru a window.
Does anyone have one they like?
Anybody else hoping he gets a 6th atbat?
The Sorry Stricken are not bothered by such things.
They just bring greater numbers to procure a tasty treat.
amusing but doubtful.
Cleaning your plate/finishing the bag is habit, not actual gluttony
It's so gorgeous out.
Think I might hit the
If New Jersey loses DWill this summer, you think they throw a max offer sheet Eric Gordon's way?
GO PACK GO.
Nice to meet you too :
I've read the Bible far more than u.
1 passage anti gay in New Test.
But what about this pro gay passage: Isiah 56:35.
a thousand islands will be the death of me.
Can you believe this Gamecocks?
Enlighten him!
MT: Was StephonGilmore best pick for Buffalo?
Can't believe fans excited about him
Studying for Stats and History.
Just saw on stage!
They were amazing!!!!
xD
How do you feel about public magnet schools?
Any research?
Articles?
Opinions?
RT : Romney never worked a day in his life.
He played with money and forced other people out of work.
boys and girls Terps just got robbed, and Tate just made the best play of the season
I still think you guys' books should make out.
We are at from 46 sampling the Kind  Bromigo.
Come say hi
i love you too.
:
Hehehe Awhh Okay Thank You for telling me  You Talked To Jason's Dd?
;o Howw?
Public service announcement for All WHITE PEOPLE...
Game 7 of Bruins Capitals is tied and in the third period.
relationships in movies  relationships in real life
Safety doctorll on the NEW Disney Fantasy!
Getting ready to set sail with for !
hahaha you know it girl!!!
Blended classes can become class and a half with all the bells  whistles available
People that complain they're broke..
yet buy a bunch of records every other day...
I like when I Wake up before the alarm clock
Happy birthday Austy 3 I hope you have a great day with people you love : Mahomies LOVE YOU
It's a lovely night in NY to spend at Union Pool with Rev.
Vince Anderson  The Love Choir!
See you there...11pm...No cover
dis other girl gotta big sloppy ass, if she fart dat shit gon REEK!!!!!!
RT : TEEN PARTY ALERT!
A Teen HIV/AIDS Benefit, 4/30 at Noon, Fat Cat, 75 Christopher St., NYC.
MUSIC, GAMES, AND PRIZES.
Casa Vicente tablao, half an hour, a feast for the senses.
Come on down!
Only a few days left in our Kino Lorber Edu Essential Top 10 Sale on PPR.
Visit our site to see all films available.
I wonder what the Vegas line is on Beckett missing more than one start?
I'd be willing to throw down on it.
S.
Bradford seemed to be a QB on the verge of having a breakout season, but does loosing Shurmer hurt him?
U got that now with me RT  I want someone who will be faithful to me and only me.
I don't understand how or why anyone uses OSX Spaces.
Thoughts?
You're welcome.
Painting your nails: Hardest task ever.
Confession: before I moved to Illinois, I was a Red Sox fan and still am to some degree.
Hope we can still be friends.
anytime darling.
What up?
JT
Go Yankees!!
LOVE Club Teeks in the audio booth!
The best jams, especially at 9 in the morning!
Can't wait for the noon beats!
Have an Amazing Day...
Just posted a slightly different mix of my song Plans, and a prefinal mix of a jazz waltz called Sad Cafe.
A couple more tweaks to...
Do you have enough energy to do the things you want to do?
Which parts?
I beat you to it
you're going to lose every game, and you can call me a hater, but when you cheat u cheat and when you lie you lie doctorw...
FOLLOW YOU WHORE.
Is Morgan Freeman going to narrate the Oscars ???
Sixers love playing the celtics...like a gnat at a bbq they just don't go away.
Can the C's find a flyswatter in the next 24 like Dec.
9?
i don't know how some people do it!/:
Just left 007
sticker shock.food, utilities, clothes, or just the price of war?
First day back to class, so how many of you guys are already ready for a break?
My from retweeted me.
I can sleep peacefully now as if I won Mega Millions.
YES!
RT : were the same people accusing you of practicing white supremacy also railing against interracial marriage/sex?
kinda you say LOL :
someday you will :
on a scholarship??
Shit I'm in there!
N its great fam, how is it there?
Thanks babe : RT : Someone want to come over and paint my nails?
My mani budget is going to a law school donation.
doctornking a caucasian while in a robe and shorts....channeling my inner dude 2nite.
Fortinbras  professorle.
Jonah Weston  the only guy I've ever seen who can pull off wearing a doublet.
has been living in NYC for ONE WEEK today!
:D
Follow back?
:
well done you.
So proud of you and Spurs.
Thank you for the season  looking forward to August already.
Only 5 more hours until the releases the 2012 schedule!
Ugh, I need it to be 7pm NOW!
haha I was just being stupid.
Kinda.
Maybe.
dinerdoc is about to begin!
no its not maybe we will come back
I miss him so much.
What can't he understand that?
Syria 'travel ban' for fighting age men
And ...
burger was undercooked.
I'm having a helluva day.
Most of my bids tend to be simple strategy to doctorve the price up but I sometimes outsmart myself.
that just makes my day!
where is the kill ah'?
Mist ah Killah'!!
They say money ain't everything damn right it's the only thing.
My manlyman hero of a hubby rescued a really mad stingray off the beach tonight armed only with a kid's sand shovel.
How cool is that?!
I wanna ride it till the wheels fall off ;
Ricki Lake was robbed on
RT : You can follow all the news  announcements for 2012 Legal IT Business Show at LITBS12.
Stay tuned for more updates!...
kidnapping the boyz and moving to alaska.
yolo.
GOP leading itself into Custer's Last Stand by supporting Mitt Romney.
No real supporters.
Party will rip itself apart after Nov!
Happy New Years!
Packers running nohuddle for first time since preseason.
Basically, that's what they think of the St.
Louis Rams.
Having my new WordPress business cards came in very handy when I walked in to Page Design Group:
10 RT : A2: As trust expands so too does the sphere of influence.
Stop by our Hollywood Tea Bar between 1:00 and 3:00 this Sunday for a free, informal Tea Tasting with Seth O'Malley.
Yu Darvish's dad is Iranian, his mom Japanese.
PealeBCLM inventory lists: Got to a section of Lake Montebello plans and
I love hearing the thunder!
You think your trip home for the holidays was tough?
How about traveling 422 miles in a kayak?
A Florida college student did it in 18 days!
Spent last 2 weeks doctorving from Minnesota all the way down to southern tip of Texas, over to Louisiana, and back.
with 3 kids.
feel better buddy.
xoxo
OH MY GOD I CAN WATCH ACTUAL TV WHEN I NEED TO CAN'T FALL ASLEEP NOW.
THIS IS WONDERFUL.
If the troops hate this CIC it sure didn't look like it yesterday.
LateNightRequests You pick 'em.....surprise us
it was probably the best PR move he could've pulled
.
i'd have to guess that a saudi prince would be willing to pay more than 100 million to buy the white house....
Loves her new ipod
Life is change.
Growth is optional.
Choose wisely.
Unknown
We're having crazy thunder and lightning around my house in San Diego.
Weird!
What happened to all the hot weather all week....?
Fair enough, you and Tom tied for funniest with Coleman.
she has about 3K in cash in her purse.
That's a lot of money to leave with a casual acquaintance/coworker, regardless of race.
So just a power point due Friday, right?
Or is there a paper too?
I hate how sensitive my teeth are 
Our LOSS event Wine Grab N' Go donation goal is 100 bottles.
I'm volunteering at the table and helping to collect btls for this cause 4/29
i hope you win the
Go Cubs!
RT : Chipper Jones to be honored with an onfield ceremony before first pitch today.
Have a FANTASTIC birthday
Some of y'all didn't even brush ya teeth this morning.
Existence is a doctoram for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the prosperous, a disaster for the poor.
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day Nov.
5th?
Pls let me know
Join us tonight for HALF OFF wine night.
That's 50 off select bottles of wine all night in the dining room and after 7pm in the bar.
I'm not so sure  right now it's got this aura of exclusivity going for it  smarter conversations with people I don't know
thank you lovely!!
: Just finished a great interview with filipinoactress Well done!
Spent 2 hours searching 100 pages of the 1940 census to figure out what Hazel Coxe did for a living.
Keep it real, GovDocs.
Had fun on the motorcycledaytrip today.
Now getting ready to head to
is all you need
Awesome dialogue about social networking in the roofing world with my NRCA FEI friends!
We're watching that this week, too!
not yet
Palme d'Or for Malick and Grand Prix for the Dardennes!
What a great year for Cannes!
I'm content.
I was at work 3
agh , not so sure about this .
.
Samsungs Galaxy S I unveiling happens today; heres how to watch it live
You scurredcuz??
I would be if I was a
so happy RT : AMAZING!
doctornking Red Bulls.
Take a sip, take a sip.
hahahahaha your free to now retweet.
Thank you Lori!
You are so kind.
Wishing you a wonderful, blessed week!
I passed my test..
Thank you God :
Ayyyyooooo got the Goombas from south philly in miami
Just wait on him
one day, i hope to be strong enough to think about you and not start crying
DON'T GET A LOAN with Huntington Bank....
PLEASE listen to me...
I have been in the business long enough to call out a BAD/UNFAIR LENDER...
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 13: English Pale Ale
Roll out your sleeping bag under the grand piano.
did anyone see leftsided ads and ads on your facebook news feed and professorle wall in between posts yesterday?
they are gone now.
true.
I think that's true of LBJ 48 too but that margin is so small it seems like it COULD have been done 'by hand'
What the heart gives away is never gone.
It is kept in the hearts of others.
Robin St.
John
P.S.
I am hot.
Lmao.
...grade school.
thank you
it's at the Variety Playhouse in little 5 Points.
Bilal hasn't come on yet.
You still got time!
C'mon!
sxsw Coolrunnings at BD Rileys after just seeing Buck 65 at Canadian Blast party.
Here we go.
you missed the bazinga, but thanks!
haha
yo want sum food
I'm so damn cute when I'm ugly.
Is that/was that Don Holder by the console when the lights blacked out?
its me and u tweeting 2 me
These moms deserve a TT they put their heart  sole out to  BELIEBERS around the world!
Help Trend moms4bieber 3
One direction  Your life
i cant go to sleep soo in LOVE!!
ah!
Thanks for the follow, Larry.
See you on the other side.
Out of the ashes...
The world more charity when apple and blackberry just a fruit !!
Kobe look like phatom of opera with the black mask..
When I left CMF and PXY I wasn't sure if I made the right decision.
Here I am 11 years later today!
I made the right decision :
I was kidding...but your Twitter avatar is so delicious, I had to oblige.
Patriots  already in Super Bowl and have NFL's easiest strengthofschedule
So, how far is it from Toronto to say, Quebec?
My sinuses are mahad and my head may explode!
I love the 4th.
I just wish I didn't feel like I got smacked between the eyes with a bat.
Leg R Tramp Stamp
Anytime man i'm looking forward to it.
One good customer well taken care of could be more valuable than 10,000 worth of advertising.
Jim Rohn
I can't wait to whistle my face off with tonight
BoiseSOC Bieter: They will start next winter, building an access road, parking lot and restroom in tandem with the River Recreation Park.
If you come to Miami don't miss run at the beach by sunset time...
Hysterical watching how angry Gresh and Felger are at the success of the C's
sure did!
Twice.
Have a great time!
My hair today 
Currently booking our artist on stages at Cornerstone festival.
A reverse mortgage?
How about lowering rent on apartments in cities across America?
jaywalkers should be ticketed as well.
I've never heard of someone walking into a car and killing
: lol I'm not.
Happy birthday tho.
thank you
Boys r dum
Doing what needs to be done.
Somebody shoot me.
I was brought on to work with Alma straight out of library school.
So far, so very very good.
Will you be at ALA, too?
Never trust anyone.
but yeah, I'm reading WoW's MPQ files, extracting the world map objects, textures etc.
That's adorable!
3
Let me know what you come up with.
I'm just starting in Specia Collections and would love to keep up with any research you find.
me and Caitlin have fell out!
: I know mister!
3
It starts at 7:45 I believe
Asian American girls with high nasal Midwestern accents freak me out.
Total cognitive dissonance.
Racist or no, it's my reaction.
Congrats on getting verified!!!
;
yep!!
:D I can't wait for the tour...
Whenever it happens.
I can wait.
:
but first you had a strawberry banana mix1 I imagine!
RT : Post work out meal, souplantAtion.
souplandank
hey bro way to not respond to my tweet the other day
Almost the weekend again.
This is when my acting life goes into overtime!
totally.
So sad.
Yeah man, I'd probably be down.
I'll try and tone down the swearing; crummy performances bring out the worst in me.
Yep.
Every little bit helps!
really awesome that you got a job there!
Only entropy comes easy.
Lewis Mumford
Hey plz follow me and , thx
Installing Ubuntu Linux Server.
It's charactermode UI reminds me of they days of PCDOS.
Recognize your blessings
keep the internet free 4 more lolz.
OmG everybody's passing...
Oh hey.
:P
Support the Growth...
We Support Those Who Support Us!!
of course!
Talking to Dad about the tea business is always inspiring
Oh too late.
Wishing I were at Coachella
Oh, wow!
Have a fantastic time!
Transformers do not give a FUCK
The Barnyard Sharks
very nice!
Maid in Manhattan?RT I am writing a movie set in a preapocalyptic future.

Watch me on and learn about how I reducebellyfat!
We saw!
It was great!
Apparently you've never ventured past Miller Park in the summer, Milwaukee is beautiful.
I could vibe to Webbie  Boosie all day EVERYDAY !!
Josh is a beast
Keep your eyes on the prize, Mermaid.
Working late in my haunted building.
Trying to not be alarmed each time I hear the structure creak and sigh.
Volleyball practice, wadddup
It's just a family connection for me I didn't even manage to fill out my brackets this year.
nico !
i miss u bff !
: Life is good.
God is good!
I'm blessed.
Explaining to and what a Bukkake was  lmao
Ann Romney thanks Kid Rock.
Kid Rock?
Watching A Walk to Remember
he's in Colorado.
He's married as am I.
Kissing the football.
sharing guy saliva
You can observe a lot just by watching.
Yogi Berra
I enjoyed 'What to expect When You're Expecting' screening last eve.
Lots of laughs from audience.
Feature request for next version of Palantir: bacon mode.
cc
Who's sticking around for The Killing?
why is there a lunch change?
I'm not angry, just upset that they won't be with the team.
A system based on collectivism is not compassionate; it requires forceful confiscation of property  the oppression of the individual.
Why are there so many piggy banks?
Pigs don't like to hide their money in the mattress.
i'm not able to explain it, but i got a good feeling about this week.
maybe God is doing something for me without me knowing it
Happy 30th fellas.
Hope y'all r having a good time!
Much love!
I think she's beautiful.
I wish she thought that too.
Actually used by one a scary, as in kill you and eat you, scary security men.
He wrote a note and left it for the day shift supervisor: ...
what was she on?
I always love a skillful dj!
I'm nobody's second.
So get with tha program or .
I just vomited in my mouth a little.
: Royals promoted INF Irving Falu over 2B Johnny Giavotella because of versatility.
you won't regret it!!
thanks for the follow!
Just because you have all of a bands merch doesn't mean your their biggest fan , your probably a spoiled brat or rich haha
Hey I like the new twitter!!
Cashier to son: where is your money?
Son: I don't have any money my dad works a lot so he has money
Planningreflection necessary.Written plans not to appease admin, but to share w/others helping our stdnts
My God, the Wizards are dominating a game.
yesit'spossibletheworldisending
Recognizing that many colleges wage a guerrilla campaign to help availability of student services catch up w/online academics
I'm of the open audition, open call frame of mindleverage the talent and creativity of anyone that wants to contribute, grassroots.
or contact us at
which means that you have seen it then?!
Well which is it...
the flu or Lena Taylor?
Got my airticket to the championship to see  doctor Ice.
that thumping sound you hear is Lakers fans falling off the bandwagon
I've been teaching students about their digital footprint...perfect example!
Currently picking my tongue up from the floor.
Smfh
super fast follow back Sydney
Snow again tonight!!
Thought we were finished with all that.
sigh..........
The only way I can be free is to be me.
A.D.
Williams
Titanic 3D or Think Like a Man tonight?
Something's up.
Seventeen new followers overnight.
Only one is a real person.
My teacher emailed my mom saying that I don't turn in work when I asked her what I was missing she say it was three papers..
Really?
Portfolio procrastination
NIGGA, if you ever cock your legs up to do anything, you GAY!
lol IJS
I can confirm that the COWS siren at the new Jody Richards Elementary School is working just fine...
Act like a lady, think like a man.
Heading to Rabbit Hole in Mass.
please follow me I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :' 93
I'm watching the movie Just Go With It, which was filmed in Hawaii, on TV while Rebecca actually is in Hawaii.
How ironic.
This Mornings Juice bernuk  stawbery  : HAPPY SUNDAY GUYS!
Funky retro uniforms alert: The Rangers and Angels are wearing '74 throwbacks today!
Heck Yeah I'm Excited!
:D
Wisconsin is on the mountain top: National Guard stands by as state employee unions disengage.
his huge teeth get in the way
Don't give up.
The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit.
Just don't quit.
Penelope Trunk
Awesomeness: 8th grade GIRL participating in the hackathon at living social!!
Aw thanks!!
Definitely!
:
Heyy love!:D
NOW at Night Lights Up the Corcoran on Friday
aight I gotcha :
bipartisan education expert couple: Garofalo/Greiling
I'm home w/ Nava, Betsy,  cats.
It doesn't look bad out, but there are power outages a couple blocks away and tornados.
Hey Portlandia  Maria Bermudez arrived safe and sound.
We are looking forward to the Workshops that start today at Solo Flamenco!
that's what they told me!
They have all of them on lockdown
I figured as much  I hope you are having a fantastic time.
:
really?
That's the best you have??
soundslikean80'smovie
I'd like to help you try out your new forum.
I'm sorta techsavvy and stuff ; We're a workerowned vegan bakery :o
doctornk people piss me off
Beckham just scored from the santa monica pier.
31 Galaxy
My router is about 7 years old.
SOUNDS GOOD.
I'LL BRB
it's publix brand..
...When u live like this, ur suppose to party!!!!!
no problem :
Aloha's Bryson Sullivan hurt left knee.
Helped off the field.
Sitting on bench with knee wrapped.
Happy Birthday Javier!
Hello beautiful
A few of these new PhD's spent the last three to five years getting degrees in words I've never heard of
Nice breeze out today
USMNT wins with a late goal by Clark!
Thought  had a great debut, doing great as well.
i might be wrong but i've thought that from the start.
some things are not meant to be!
somme....
the Hunger Game can be read as an allegory for colonialism.
I recommend it.
my guess: weak janfeb sales doctorgged on total as people waited for new model, iPad blowout next quarter
haha.
The royal we.
Thanks!
Looking forward to FSU.
I'm still putting the roundtable together for UNC Charlotte.
Did you see my email yesterday?
I'm...I'm...doing research for my job!
RT : My poor girlfriend is stuck in a TVTropes hole : cc
please follow !
its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY !
GO FOLLOW  ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!plz
Spicy grilled chicken, quesadillas, salsa and nachos give southwest foodlovers a variety of crispy, spicy foods to choose from!
whets going on tonight?
Sicker than sick.
I think Ashley gave me her pneumonia :
Because of Davy Jones' popularity, another singer named David Jones changed his name....to David Bowie.
Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces
1st man: My neighbors were screaming at three o'clock this morning!
2nd man: Did they wake you up?
1st man: Nah,I was up playing my bagpipes
Do you still doctoram and aspire to accomplish your doctorams or has life gotten in the way?
Just ordered mozz sticks
im on the way to ATL DM your number when you see this :
you got timeshow is here until May 13!
Only if u knew my feeling inside, but no I have to hide it away!
haha I see I see..yes you should let him out so he can see the new year
I just had a weird flash of Cormac  Werner on a My Two Dads type show.
I can't believe I even remember that show's existence.
Successful girls day out!
Now going to a pro lax game what's good :
Let's hope for the best today
More tracking, editing, and writing
UGH.
First time having a latte.
I thought it was supposed to be sweet!
Taste like shit.
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the RedSox take game two of series, 75 over the Indians.
Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
Was spike suspended when he hit T.J Floyd?
Take away some of those commas: Batman eating Betty White; Michael Jordan shooting ponies.
Now converse...
Crap.
Saving Private Ryan on 704 or Los Goonies on 768?
Yes, but I thought when it was announced they weren't going..RT thru the game contract for the band.
The Quarterback, well protected from the Warren Sapp
Check out our photos from Saturday's volunteer day at St.
Vincent De Paul!
Good afternoon!
because it was with me!
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach'  Voice amp; Data Online
Oregons home court is geed as Fuck
Hoping for some help...Can you embroider something on a quilt AFTER it's been quilted and bound?
Cold and doctorary Monday.
Queens Center Mall
Just had a commercial callback with only 6 other actors.
Flashback to the 90's.
Game on!!
Don't miss our next concert  March 12!
Music of Argentina!
Will have catered food and great music  singers, pianist, flautist, organist!
Olive Garden 3
yeah me too, then I get paid and remember why I do it.
Haha
The Foodery will be stocking Revolution Cider at both locations, starting next week!
Check by either store starting Monday for details.
bored p had a pretty good day, pc4pc???
OUR Budget Initiatives:1.Restore all cuts to EI Services and Rates 2.
Compensation for 18 years nonpayment of COLA's 3.Budget Transparency
Change will happen if failure is not allowed to stop you...CHOOSE CHANGE!
Speaking tonight eLearning is often doctorven by compliance  legal rather than performance.
of course man
In Fear and Faith tomorrow at Rockeown!!
mister.Byrd Said  Jonathan I Would Smack You, If It Wouldn't Make Me Lose My Job !
LMFAOO' !
I lost my shooting guard which opened up my salary CAP....IMma need a 1st round doctorft pick to feel n
Quality over quantity every time: I don't want more choices.
I just want nicer things.
Edina Monsoon
I don't recall that.
It was also 9AM and I was about to see Pirates 4, so I was in a dark place when I saw it...
bleaching my hair then off to my job interview 
thanks for the retweet, amigo!!
and happy valentine's day to you :
feeling the unnatural pull of Bob Evans in the chain restaurant war zone of the American Middle West
thanks bro, I appreciate it
RT : May is officially here!
Don't miss out on the 11th Annual bvimusicfest this Memorial Day Wknd.
great idea.
oops.
Texas stadium or wherever the Red River Shootout is played at
haha what's up
: 1 of fav memories was performing w on the Arsenio Hall Show!!
Diversity Platinum Rewards Program Announces Support for the Matthew Shepard Foundation
Gotta keep working.
Cannot stop til the job is done!
Like Music?
Like Social Networking....
Sign up www.iBand.me
A4 Isn't it all about inquiry?
Or should it be?
Its funny how i've been sitting here for an hour trying to write this english essay and i still have nothing written down noideawhattow ...
i can, it's all about megan fox ;
OPENING RECEPTION: Friday 68:30pm.
Come see Spirit and Enigma by Bill Mould.
Ceramic sculptures and wall art!
Maybe ill get a boyfriend if I was skinnier.
LOLjk I'm never gettin a boyfriend.
looking at a vt, bama, georgia tease
Swung on and Belted!!
I love the first song and the great salt lake
sounds like a blast !
have fun!!
Yep.
It has to be one on one.
Wensday in the restroom.
During 7th.
Mane my phone was on airplane mode all night
Is anyone else out there fighting an Amazon addiction?
Never thought I'd see the day when I could replace a scanner w/1 click!
We are glad to have you whenever you would like to be there.
Can't wait to hear Grave Secrets on the air!
Except I would never want to become a horse.
You might as well just be a doggy.
You have to spend a lot of time w both to understand...
Watching The Celebrity Apprentice with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Exactly HTFU RT : I want the lads walking out onto that pitch ready for a war.
Turning on golf and taking a nap
I wanna Fking party!!!!!
But it's only Thursday!!!!!!
Lovin' these photos.
So much joy.
: LOL!
There's room for you!
Aw thanks sister!!!
That's means a lot to me.
What bag I'm getting in LOL
It's a rainy day..
so maybe it'll cool off the weather in hell..
lol aka..
work!!
31 days with out a cigarette
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them.
Coffee clinics are back!
Stop by Saturday, 1012 starting this weekend!
Learn how to make your idea cup o'coffee..
Ok thanks
were my haters at lmfao i love yall
everything you own in the box to the left :D
Obviously, the US has ways to go to confront racism.
Most whites r upset as they should be.
They dont think cont.
Anybody got an extra can of AQUANET?
It's BigHairNight this Friday with Jay Kruz.
That dude knows about BIG HAIR
Found the PERFECT pair of wedges for graduation...but they're red.
OH WELL.
STILL BUYIN EM!
Fuck you Heritage!
BUHBYEEEE!!!
Looking for that perfect toy for somebody special?
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what you!
Danielles family ....
OMG !
These oscars are so fcking boring......
what was the song you felt the most my man?
u there
I earned the Keep It Up badge on Lose It!
come get me
We have a lot of that in our world.
I think it just helps people get over the fear of something new.
Every day should begin with a purpose
follow me??
haha creeping on the back!!
.
My twitter app is misbehaving!
You're awesome!
All of you are Awesome!!!3
A worthy victory.
TriviaNerd RT : yaylife we won trivia!!!!!!
The first 2 people to call Jeff Lyon at 3235495225 Ext 210 in the next 60 minutes will receive a discounted membership rate to the LABJ
in our class?
RT : Ugh, Nicki Minaj is the new face of Pepsi?
Gross.
Oh well, It's tasted like shit since the switch to HFCS anyways.
chucks on a John Deere?
It's like those pics of Joey Ramone mowing his lawn....

South Dakota and Kentucky will be closed in the afternoon on Good Friday, April 6th.
Planning the trip to Spain...traveling fool am I!
Chris Bosh should've won MVP 
Toes: sprained 2nd toe
Thanks for the mention Dauson  have a great weekend!
For all u haters last week I took 4this week from the old lady
follow back please?
:
Met with Rene and Rien over iChat  collaborating on a project for Dutch Design Week in Eindhoven Netherlands at Philips Research
Good Luck!!
Happy Easter!
DanceAgain very hot!
Loved it!!!
I really wish you where coming to Phoenix Az on tour!
So I could see ya!!
:
I never truly understood evil until I met Asia's cat.
New phone.
Yes.
Love it.
Daddy got it for me last night!
3
No reason to cry to over spilt milk...it could have been Beer, Wine, Whiskey, or your favorite Vodka doctornks!
Awe, have a blast!
Researchers have demonstrated that the ingestion of transfats  saturated fats increase the risk of suffering depression.
I think my computer has Chrome's disease.
I voted along time ago 4 yall's ring pop
whenitwascoolto wear highschool musical tshirts.
bachelorette premier may 14th!
Oh and happy Easter :
I am standing in line for you now.
See you when you get here!
Generalizations, good sir!
I think I may be inlove.....
Lol
none with the baby these days.
plus, we won't be in SF that day anyway.
congrats on the giants win!
How wonderful to wake up on a Monday with only the agenda of: Eating, doctornking, shopping, sunbathing  swimming : Happy Memorial Day folks!
I really like what is doing with their NBA Halftime show.
Talent rotating doing highlights.
No need for Token Host.
Like the energy.
DJ Dizzan playing at the QBar tonight...
go dance you pants off and fill up on 50 off food and doctornk specials.
Starts at 6pm.
Andy Pettite to start in Rochester on Sunday.
Hells yeah!
Frontier Field here I come.
people stopped hangin wit me cuz i stopped smoking and stopped doctornking...talk about Real Friends right?
SMFH...
Wow.
Gut punch.
I walked down the isle 8 years ago to At Last.
Beautiful thing about music is while Etta will be gone and missed she will not be forgotten.
Almost january still havent turned the heat on
just saw a freshman thought she was mister howell LMFAO
When your parents are racist fucks against who you date
Bigot i will definatly do and i havent done losing my religon in a long time but i will try to get the boys to bring it back ;
really?!
I hate mine hahah
Speaking of starting another book, I started Townie last night because I've been itching for a good memoir.
Goon squad

how did the show go?
TL is a foooo.
Imma just sit back and watch this Brewer game and be happy.
Its a beautiful day in Chicago!
I'm really starting to love this city.
ThoughtsWhileRunning hopefully I don't look like shit when I run pass those hot guys.
RT Club hoes  liquor  house music  high heels  THEBEST ENTERTAINMENT EVER
obsessed with themed parties!
getting ready for a 50s partay!
so excited and it feels like college again!
happy bday
THanks man but Im not really looking to buy right now.
I just wanna do as many collaborations as possible.
CPA ediscovery looking for computer forensics investigations?
Contact us for our consulting services!
haha yeah he is and im gonna go to bed night :
Headed out to celebrate my boy's bday.
RIP Bubbi love you B miss you so much
Oscar Pistorius is an inspiration for runners at all levels.
400m in 45.69 on artificial legs.
NBC Track  Field in NY.
SteveJobs StanfordSpeech6: Don't be trapped by dogmawhich is living with the results of other people's thinking.
bit.ly/owfEZp
Word to your mother today!
hey girl!!!!!
how have you been??
when are you coming to philly to party?!?!?!
thanks doll!
i hope all is well with you.
happy new year!
Wish Kansas Kentucky was tonight.
What to do with custard apples  Sydney Morning Herald
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
So thankful for friends  family!
Jennifer Lopez, Wisin y Yandel, and Enrique Iglesias are all going on tour together this summer.
I will most definitely be in attendance!
here I'm again hope this is the 100 tweeter
Hey YogaChikk, sorry for the delay in responding but I'm still learning.
Thanks for the mentions!
its my half birthday today!
My birthday is august 9!
Good to support old mckale wildcat at the AAC tonight...
Close game!!!
i hate when i write boyz and it underlines it red and says i'm wrong.
NO THATS HOW THE ICONIC BOYZ SPELL IT SO SMD IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM:
did this clown really admit that he burning.
New ñame burningman gtfoh you want what I had or have.
To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why?
ask why not?!
p.s send you a poems twitter to email ok
PICK YOUR OWN PRICE: 10 or 15 to Time Stands Still TONIGHT  TORROW at 7:30pm Purchase at the door that night only!
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing with us!
Agreed, but have you seen the interface on some of these?
Tivo's UI still rocks.
Want us to follow you!?
Mention us in a tweet today and we will!
:
Very Blessed kyleandhunter Thank you!!
Did Gruden just say players on Twitter aren't focused?
He should check out before he speaks!!
Just sick about my Bucks, can't keep a lead, can't score, can't win.
02 in Big Ten.
New wine glasses aim to balance water and fire
I've decided that I'm democrabeep ing all signs on the way to
Packers 133.
Tough schedule though.
you got that right!
We cut him and instantly became a better team!
Haha!
8:25 pm.
WEAABaltimore Doc Manning interviews Roseanna Vitrofor May 27th An Die Musik Gig  The Music of Randy Newman
we have more day this month this year it's leap year!!
Striking Distance with sexy hot Bruce Willis was the 1 movie this day in 1993.
I'm scared to play games for fear I've not turned off the sound despite checking 10 times.
Can't wait to party down tonight!
Been looking forward to seeing you for years!!
only me and my friends would get yelled at on a little kid ride, where you just sit in a boat and go in circles.
Come join us for our first reading, featuring six talented folks, at 240 ninth ave, today!
at 6pm
Welcome girl :
I worship kenny powers almost as much as dabullzwon 
I love Rachel
Shopping Again Today !
Yeeh

RT: : Apple Revenue Loss Blamed on Lack of Jobs.
Looks like Google is trying again.
Hopefully they do better than the first goaround.
I think the way the Niners defense has been playing, getting the touchdown was better.
Terrible name for the resume, spaces in the senders name and no addoctorss, bad subject title, no mentioning of what position.
More
Happy Birthday!!!
Enjoy!!!
Hope you have a very wonderful day!!!
1963 operations research  systems engineering study: same questions  concerns 49 yrs later
awe what a pretty leaf!
Goes great with the season!
love the colors.
Matching today?
To find out about cool new indie bands and see performances and videos check out
Kacey...heading into Vegas..CHP escorting our can of Oregon Whoop Ass to Nevada Border...The Road Trip is on a roll
I KNOW RIGHT.
gettin through those days might be struggle though haha
1DTourUSA behind my computer, ny, ny.
because you picked the smallest venue ever and sold all the tickets to stubhub.
K.
I HATE THAT IF NIALL SAYS TO FOLLOW SOMEONE, I HAVE TO FOLLOW THEM : what's wrong with me.
omg is jarod following u he followed me yesterday i hope that picture is really him lol
Just can't stand them.
Melo and J.R.
Smith made me hate them.
Still can't get over it.
I wanna go to tk but not really feeling it.
I wish Tk could come to me...lol
There are MANY gods, but only ONE Jesus!
Sittin on the back porch, writing notecards, going over power points, enjoying the weather, and eating a salad.
Agreed.
A really refreshing perspective.
And I must admit I heckled Gov.
Christie for lowering the flag for Whitney.
I need to call Michelle ass
Virtual worlds create new design, release it in test environment, then iterate until design meets standards.
Seth's radio show Relevant Tones is airing on WLUW right now.
www.wluw.com Featuring the music of Graham Reynolds.
sounds like a good plan
Wonderful time on Tennessee Mornings this AM..They are all awesome..Wish I had seen the clump of hair sticking out before the interview..lol
neat!
They are a happy place, really.
We dont remember days.
We remember moments.
:
Absolutely, need to catch up.
And best of luck with your launch!
I am interested in seeing at an SEO/marketing event.
Had a blast last night at the first women's party at Disney Gay Days!
Hung with the Real L Word girls  got the scoop on a possible reunion!
Prepare your god damn utters is doctorpping his mix tape on June 2!
Great tip.
I spent countless hours at growing up.
It's great for all ages.
She's wifey material.
Great Read!
Go Put Your Strengths to Work.
Yes please keep telling me how bad the eagles are!
Pitching match up Kershaw v.
Correia
Yes.
I never really took it seriously, so now that I'm getting it together there are notes everywhere  I have SO MUCH to do!
when are we meeting tomorrow?
All trained up for judging at National History Day Philadelphia next week!
I wish I had a nickle for every time?
Mitzi
Writing sick versus like my pen got cancer
Thanks for the listing!
/conversationlist
your welcome u deserve it
Spider pig, spider pig does whatever a spider pig does...
:
EdTech Integration specialists as a service?
Building a model of success.
Shrinking budgets require thinking in new ways.
I sound like the worst cheerleader for not knowing this but is kelsey rules wcss last tumbler..?
1ThingIFindSexy references to the holocaust in contemporary christian poprock music
Hey save some billionaires for the rest of us!
For West Coasters MT: Your chance to be part of NASATweetup!
Oct 2425 event with go.nasa.gov/qMcWVf
your a sexy boss!!
This weekend is gonna be a bust.
Shazam is simply magical!
How exactly does it work?
Hi Meredith  Thanks for including Casart Coverings in your picks for  wallpaper!
I found watching that movie physically painful.
picking cotton in the hot sunTashaMack LoL!!
Have you check sites lately?
Cool stuff happening...
yes love
Have to fix the background later on today..
thanks for RT'ing me :
Have you seen 's breakfast?!?!
That may remove any choice in the matter.
The city year people at my school  they love me : lmfao.
Thanks for the love, doll, keep on rockin' :
it is, lay some Britney on us!
Just like black or white sometimes yes or no doesn't suffice.
people just don't know boundaries anymore
Hoping that will change this time.
The only way to come up  is to stay down
Browsing is so dangerous...
i just ordered books by and
Can I have a shoutout?
My name is Marisol:
I heard yesterday that there was an ice revolution in SF.
Creating the perfect large size square ice cubes for doctornks  cocktails.
oh my gosh!
I know there is corruption in every organization but this is unfortunate for sure.
Getting my lift on!
No worries, love, I hope you enjoyed your day!
lmao the best tweet ever tweeted
interesting read/idea but I died inside reading all the 'soccer' terminology.
butcheringthegame :
spray is money in the bank nowadays!
Just ask your 'jersey shore' brother!!!
Alexis, THANK YOU for being flexible and delivering an outstanding keynote via Skype.
Worked out very well.
I've now seen great Columbia River Probably much like Lewis  Clark first more than century ago Grand shrouded in rain/fog Dateline Portland
Better believe I'm still celebrating!
BBN 
i called you because i was on my way over there and my phone died.
How was i supposed to get in w/o letting you know i was there?
Amigo, do you know what's happening w/ ?
Her account appears to be nonexistent.

How crazy and I likes Wild :
Need to finish working on uncredited cowrite project so I can get back to working on my own stuff.
fuck you I can flip off a divin board or sumn lol
Thank you for pitching to Pastornicky in that situation, Cardinals.
hey dude morning, sorry little late on my reply!
Still in bed, doctorgging to get to work today.
I DON'T WANT NO PROBLEMS PEOPLE!

This is so sad to read.
No more Bikram left in New Orleans.
not sure it would take much
yum.
I just saw that on pinterest!
those damn country folks
OMG!
I'm in Slytherin!
It's my love for Silver and Black that got me here!
Love these shots, !
And we loved having your dancing talents with us on Purim even more!
FF A very talented actress in Los Angeles and an overall awesome person
i would be perfectly fine if harry and cher dated
When are those ladies going to realize you're the normal, smart one?
I am all about the fringe bags right now and fringe boots
I be tryin' to tell 'em man.
The Zoo Krew is my niggas, man.
No flex.
Zee Double Oh, heaux.
Watching Felix the cat with my dad.
SAMs going to be jealous.
I need to do my own thing.
Respect that.
yup that's no problem!
Absent from excerpts of Romney's Liberty U speech tomorrow: any mention of Mormonismor faith at all.
Foucuses on family, work/life balance
it was magical ..
:
Die hard...
Philly stand up RT : wait...
yo is a sixers fan too?
I do not care for the word vicinity and yet I'm using it in a story.
What words do you dislike using?
Back home home after an amazing time in SF.
Thank you and for making me feel like a local.
:
if nookie is regular, then no need to fap!
The only thing X rated about some girls with their thirsty Avi shots is their XXXL Panties
People often want fame  glamour but really don't want to work for it.They just want it for fun.WORK FOR IT, N WATCH U APPRECIATE IT MORE.
Just saw arrive at the helenhayesawards 20 min to dhowtime!
Hey Jalen!!
Hope you are doing great!
Miss ya!
Take care!
additionally, the tags in the wallpaper are real.
Members who recruit 100 will receive a pair
Meeting in the offices hammering out the future of Exciting times!
nonono you are, my friend!
I've learned not to wear yellow bikinis...or speedos
Can he do it?
Can Ed Roper do two back to back photo sessions in one day with iffy weather?
We shall see!
isn't doing doc review redacting.
That's right is NOT!!!
The contract u need to sign auditions is not exactly entrepreneur friendly.
Greedy peeps taking advantage.
correction: you How the hell do you delete a tweet??
Had a nice conversation with yesterday about how getting comfortable is for suckers.
Stay hungry!
I got a question for jayz how diid it feel knowing that beanie sigel the person you founded split and teamed up wit dame dash?
i was at my friends house :D
YUSSSS!
RT : Ok, now we can officially get really really excited about brand new episodes of Figure It Out on
thanks babe!
You don't make me feel any better about myself.
About to go sign in for hicss and start picking paper sessions.
Maui is so beautiful; I may have to miss the workshops.
Little 'ol me?
NEVER!!
Breakfast time.
You need a Purpleinduced blackout to recover, methinks.
is that a good or bad thing?
You didn't lose anything down it I hope?

One lucky dorm will receive a free sponsored outdoor block party tonight in the form of a fire alarm evacuation.
Dont forget to come2 take a pic of your waitress with their swatch watch and tweet it to to enter to win a free watch
No excuses from me.
Saw this coming in Dec.
Sort of wish Celts had blown it up a bit in early Feb rebuild some.
Regine after regime has fallen to the Arab Spring but serious uprising has been perhaps the most complex and long running.via Fareed Zakaria
thanks I found story
Or are YOU just so old you use Tweezer?
Ha!
Not personally, but The Head and the Heart played at my work
nope.
Had to be GB, imo.
Listen live now to On Health  Healing on http//:a2zen.fm.
doctor Malcolm Hill on God's Healthcare Plan.
Good one, who knew Charles L.
was an ecologist?
Maybe all that time alone in the sky opened his eyes.
Hello RT : Joining FoodieChat hello everyone.
I'm tweeting from Toronto.
:
With visual support from jennofuture, and Kristine and Micho of District VII.
God Damn bitch u have a new bestfriend every day .....
u wonder y your dumbass ain't got no friends .....
Do you get shit crunk or do you get jiggy?
me shout out we a movement, stand up.
denture wearers very concerned about caramelgeddon this weekend...
Tebow has God on his side on that coin flip
Thanks for sharing our deal!
A mans character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
Mark Twain
is there a plan to add as a share option especially as a wordpress plugin?
But whatever I've been smiling all day because of him 3
You have no idea how annoying you are.
I'm def going to punch you in the face next time.
I saw you walking this morning!
I waved at you and you just looked beyond me!
: lol
I don't care ...
battling allergies still makes spring my favorite time of year.
Holidays Take Flight  Sunday Dec.
6  11 AM  4 PM  Free admission!
New exhibition opening  Art of the Airship!
Los Primos, crafts, fun
About to expand le horizons and work on some hiphop beats :D
: What happened fam?
PrayersUphe was dizzy , speech was slurred so I brought him to the ER.
Thanks bro
Of course, the big bonus for people at JSTORsubscribing schools is PDF downloadsa worthy perk over free accounts.
Again, thanks, !
Charles Barkley just said Trail Blazers are the best team in the west he's seen so far..
I know it's early but that means a lot...
'if you love me you won't sit by him' you can't do that to me 'ok if you love me you won't agree with her'

I surprised my girlfriend during sex the other night with a little move I like to call coming home early
Interested in brunch or lunch this weekend?
The bottle tax hearing looks a lot like a youth soccer game.
Protax get blue shirts and antitax get white shirts.
That nigga took off the correct way
GOODELLS POWERTRIP HAS TO BE THWARTED SOME HOW..DAMN!
fear the dear fear the dear fear the dear puhahahaha!
that's the truth.
12 minutes to go in Game Two.
.
We are going at it tonight again!!
Are you ready ??
CU 2night  Mambocafé Dallas !!
RT : Ladies and Gentleman JCSU GOLDEN BULLS ARE THE PIONEER BOWL Champions!!!!!!!
Where can I see himym episodes of the 7th season online ?
Alrighty sounds good
ONE of my cats is chill in the tub.
And she has been sitting on it for literally the entire last week.
So there were signs.
Follow our sisters in RSC and Phi Lamb!!!
and
anything for my sister/twin : sundayfunday??
I am looking for some new followers...who's with me....I'm not famous, I don't often say anything funny....that aside, who's with me!?!?
Happy 100th Birthday, New Mexico!!!
Sounds like a hot Friday night!
MT : Just lubricated 's ball joints.
They were showing excessive wear.
sounds of digital Plastic Gears Media Scenic Records artists Wzard and DJ Toxic Dust.
Andoctor' Harris Publishing Company, LLC.
I.
Cannot.
Sleep.
This sucks.
I'm so effin tired.
The countdown to Cinco ends today; join us starting at 6pm for the Tin Lizzy's Cantina Cinco de Mayo celebration!
Trying to understand her motivation  is she a grandma yet?
I believe Ben's married, no?
Fck that hoe ass nigga.
He can suck a mean sick dick for all I care.
three hours of the office on tbs makes tuesdays bearable
Hanson at a bar.
Well that's just unreal
Holy Santa Claus Shit!
Did we just get on a winning streak??
YUP!
Wanna go do karate in the garage?!
Uhhuh!
Wow, Just found my friends on here!
Welcome, don't be shy, you guys have tons of good info to share, you are a welcome addition!
nice to meet you Pam!
Do you live in the DFW area?
I thought so too.
Just think...if you stay in Europe someone can write about you in 103 years.
I should not be up this early in the morning :
I asked you first.
Yodelyodelladywho!
Another one..
google buzz goes byebye
I had enough saved for 3 mos and it took me that long to find a job.
Seattle is a totally different job market though...

Natl Archives  in line to see Declaration of Independence.
What a way to celebrate 4th of July weekend!
Everytime tweets about missing , I wonder why.
Monetize digital content you create!
photos, music, ebooks, create your own magazine spread...www.whoorli.com
Wasn't talking bout you stupid .
I was talking bout her.
Where did you get this line?
All I see is Icasa 0 at 126.
Duque is 0 at 111.
Did you accidentally reverse the play?
Nice!
Congrats!
I haven't even started publishing my AI research yet, but I will next year.
I have a couple secret projects on tap.
In point pleasant 3 happy mothers day mommy :
Pray for japan!
The country is definitely hurting all we can do is pray!
how was your day?
:
i'm totally bummed.
i could only get together about 250
tomorrow, March 24th.
At 8:00 am Tumamoc hill.
We meet up at safeway on St.
Marys  Silverbell
The bill is projected to expand coverage to 36 million uninsured, resulting in 96 of the nation's eligible population having insurance.
Good luck to all the STAND members who will be on the hill today lobbying a third of the senate for Syria sanctions.
OMG!!
I READ THAT BOOK ;D IT WAS SOO GOOD!!!
I think there were like 2 other parts but i didint read then ;o
Thank you very much, I apologize for the change, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do.
for as many books that you read you sure are an angry fucker.
:o
now how about the preparty?
u welcome: , thanku
The Kings doctorw well when they have exhibition games in KC.
Thanks for the RT!
sources say there is no wifi there.
Rub a dub dub...
we got along with setting up shop at fEASTival 2012!
Excited to have you, ladies!
Finished my take on The Friendly Beasts for a Christmas compwill have details on it's release soon!!
Watch The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor  Pittsburgh native Gene A.
Pietragallo tomorrow morning on KDKA Pittsburgh Today Live
My pants are starting to fall off of me!
Guess all of this hard work is paying off!
Near the front and not by annoying people?
OH YEAHH!
very true my friend
DH tonight; nothing to contemplate other than Kennedy's ponderous buttocks.
No.
I wanted to make more.
But I've been keeping busy.
I got sick off  on over the winter, so I forgot about my VLogs too.
I don't think LFG is the magic bullet people think it will be.
If it is not crossserver, low pop will still make it hard.
it just got real .
I've been know to dance to the bandage girl music from in my kitchen..
I don't think would expect anything less..
No, actually I was srs.
What are you going to do!
EMBRACE YOUR YOU NESS being different is one of the most beautiful things on earth.
OMG THE SONG ON AUSTREAM DHFHHQHFEQFEFTFDGFDHH
everyone in educ5224 and csc207 should get rid of the egg!
Nice job
Jealousy nd money welcome to my world
Yesterday a 2 year old ran me over with a vacuum.
Today she is cooking me dinner and dessert.
And just informed me I had a phone call.
Quality over quantity
That's pretty exciting.
What's involved?
I wanna see on a Cockiness remix with That shit would be tough
Surfing was awesome!
Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil.
wanna roll in2a ballcry my eyes out listening2 cus thats the only thing that will make me feel better right now
hey ladies make sure to read your messages, and have a beautiful day!!!!
made it..thanks chica!
RT  Chris Berman Making That Woop Noise As The Jacksonville Jaguars Fall Into The Earth's Core
In 2002, many/most of our existing friends weren't connected, so not surprising ratio would be different.
19 years ago tonight my best friend and I saw Chaka Khan seriously blow the roof off of Avalon, Boston  a memorable gig.
Brilliant.
RT : Holographic clothes on hot days.
My 4day weekend officially begins...
RIGHT NOW!
:
Thank you for your service and keeping America safe.
Oh shit is about change..along with the people around me
I gonna get so much shit tomorrow for losing
not a whole lot how about you : did you vote for us yet?!
:D
Moo has never tasted so good.
Mo
Doing laundoctor !!!!
I know its not funny !
Let the Diamond do the work while you handle the rest!
Many longestablished colleges are offering online education seeing its umpteen benefits.
They are merging it with mainstream work
so jealous you're going home!!
I miss the valley!
lol have fun!
Today is the day!
Headed to Memphis this evening to compete in the International Blues Challenge!
I'm out of fucks to give.
THAT IS WHY WE SPREAD THE PEANUT BUTTER FIRST!
Something I can imagine myself screaming at my kids at some point.
Happy Birthday :
: Apple didn't make the decisions that would've helped me obtain an iPad;
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot.
Ouch : Scanner: In the middle of an emergency test at the airport, one of the injured actors actually broke her ankle
It's wack, now.
They've dumbed it down to typical sitcom humor.
The first and second seasons, though?
Untouchable...
okay thanks:
haha I want to be in a medieval doctorma RT careful Katniss
is at work and ready for the freezing, cold weather!
Ready for the BCS title game: Texas vs Bama!
Hook Em Horns baby!
visiting and today with miss !
it has been a while since we have roamed the eastside :
it almost always is  examples are countless!
Good morning everyone!!!!
Posting 's April calendar within an hour.
Imagine Liam's on Skype with you.
He blows a kiss in front of the webcam.
Liam:''I got to go now sweetheart.
I love you!''
LIVE entertainment tonight  Oakville gracing our stage Friday night at 10pm until close!
okay, cause i'm thinking another vacation is MUCH needed :
BIG surprise coming up Jeremy...can't wait to share it with you!
Doesn't know why my upstairs neighbors think that midnight is a good time to move furniture.
I think your shits are protected
via  Investigators Blame Stupidity For Area Death
thanks for the shout mang!!
I can't say I ddnt think that as well.
YESS SIR AM DOWN.!!
I WANA GET KNOWN TOO 
It's not the mileage, but the idling that kills your engine.
Play Boy, but of course were not going that far into detail LOL
I'm willing to go to OC for VO work!
90's cabaret!
This is really making me miss old music.
kI have 3 parakeets  1 lovebird.
When they hear the outside birds in the am they go crazy, as early as 4am :s
Brainstorming ideas for possible poster presentations at IACRL but I'm not really sure where my brain is headed...
Without love, the rich and poor live in the same house.
haha!
we're weird !
we have P.E 7th grade boys!
they were climbing trees
Happy opening day!
We feature the MLB package.
All games for all fans.
I'm content with the clippers getting knocked out while the old lakers do as well:
Krick's speech describes the transformation of Jackson's image from unbalanced  untalented to godlike hero after success in the valley.
AE trimming contract w Asplundh passes
Every one please give my wife a follow
experimented with home Ubuntu to see if I should upgrade work from 11.04.
Survey says: BZZZZZZZZT.
I like the taskbar.
That was AWESOME.
Thanks!
A great crowd right now waiting for Ron Rash to take the stage
MY DOG WAS is hermaphrodite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aaaaahhhh!
they found tht out when she got nutered/spaded.........that explains why she lesbo
I really need to find a way to sleep at night
Getting a logo or brand name tattooed on you is so stupid
Natalie it's minor at best.
Reality TV gameshows don't have close to the same spoilerfree window as scripted.
RT : If u seen Animal House, the black band at the Frat Party is what we'll be like 2nite in Miss.it should be funny.
Thank God for letting me se another morning.
Less Than 24 Hours Left Being Here..
Bahahaha x I love you x RT: : Lol I changed my name to Muhammad .
take on at 7:30 Catch it on 52 LCD's
what do you have on your collar bone then?
just curious
only a matter of time and the right price here in US, already on MLS jerseys....
The worship band at this church has a keytar.
Thinking of her as always.
Never leaving my mind
just seen this new movie called joy road good fuckin movie.
All i want to do is go home and go to the concert.
I'd say about 5.
This kinda thing is unacceptable.
I can't not wait until I get my license 
Me too, and I need yoga back in my life.
Been feeling tight, muscles and spirit alike.
Great things on the horizon for SymphonyCrack ..stay tuned..
I'm in Rockland..holler
Want to add a book title to today's JustRead timeline?
New rule of journalism: Mind your browser tabs.
That's just hilarious.
What happened with the jr.
writer?
Need to get away already this Monday?
Escape and grab a bite to eat  The Goat!
Serving breakfast tacos 'till 11  regular menu all day!
Yeah, but the bad trades make the good ones easy to forget.
just got some unreleased heaters from and to play at and the rest of my tour.
Ugh.
Playing hotel angeleno tonight with great singer Toni Peete!
Sunset and the 405, 9pm, no cover.
Can't wait to meet up with my bestie today!
Food  doctornks!!!!!
BD I was thinking the same exact thing!
You read my mind!
London rocked  great turn out and 4 contracts will be offered to the soloists who have written and copywritten their lyrics with BMI
anytime, guys!
Brilliant playing.
Pissed off fuck u jersey jean short wearing fuckers
Thanks for the excitement, hope you enjoyed!
WHAT DO YOU STAND FOR
i think i should meet .
that would seriously make my life .
:
Badgers are losers
lol I couldn't help myself
OH: shake weight with a party hat
now playing Wale More About Nothing Mix tape!
i did
If it aint money u talk ya ass off
Much respect to for playing Colorblind on the Local Buzz.
Support local music!
Holla!
Swung through my old stomping grounds and saw  and met some cool folks.
Thank you for passing it along:
Check the film out on Facebook for behind the scenes pics and news
Asian American Film Festival, Mill Valley Film Festival, Film Arts Foundation, Twitch Films just to name a few.
I have the sweetest little boys in the whole world!
I am a lucky dad...
:
interesting fact there.
Why were the police ever issued with pepper sprays?
Surely this will lead to the creation of more seasoned criminals.
Jaleel was good
vsa2011 Opening remarks about professorssional sports ticketsmuseum admissions called an erroneous comparison.
Love respectful disagreements!
We could've Skyped again but I went to bed early last night because I got like an hour of sleep the night we did Skype 

i'm done with your lies.
Wow, just unloading tonight!!!!!!!!!
oh hell no, your tripping me and you will fuck around and get lost in the woods up in Nacanowhere!
Another FREE shaker cup: What is a benefit of taking GNC's Triple Strength Fish Oil?
Am I the only one that is slightly overwhelmed by this idea?
follow me austin!!
3
Ladies, as you tweet with our class focus, please don't forget to include HRD2011UR so that we may track our conversation stream.
Thxs.
uh oh....
What's that mean for us now?
I feel bad now because I noticed it and figured it was intentional.
ha yup she was walking me through it at the beginning
The more success comes your way the more they will hate
Latin star Rubio marks Cinco de Mayo at Jazz Fest
doctorft time...
RHP Chad Durbin on the mound for the Indians in the top of the 11th.
Game tied 33 MLB A's
i hate dogs ...
When you see warning lights come on in your car, do you ignore them?
Well, don't.
By performing routine maintenance and checks, you...
The noise I just heard from upstairs was like if a dog learned how to walk on the ceiling and then did a flip and landed on the floor.
Kevin Durant!
For the game winner!
A great guy w/ his players..but love will make u do wrong, love will make u do right!
in my Al Green falsetto
Why do talking heads act like Blacks and Latino/Hispanics are homogenous voters?
We vote our self interest just like Whites!
I've got it in my hot little hands.
Thanks guys.
Thanks for the follow We look forward to working with you!
Thank you for reading it!:
it's on Rolling Stone's website!
When nights are cold  stars are few, I close my eyes  think of you.
A silent hope, a silent tear, a silent wish that you were here.
thanks for the follow!!
so sorry we missed each other too.
to be honest the whole show was a blur and i only spent about a day there.
whoops!
Plea to Google Books: measure the ratio of inked to blank space for every work in the corpus!
Proxy measure for luxury?
It feels so damp and cold in the city today
i lose all my hope , can you hold me ?
:' im not strong enough !
An invisible red thread connects those who are destined to meet, regardless of time, place, or circumstance.
The thread may stretch or...
RT : Q2b How do you reignin a SME who is providing too much complexity  detail?
Cough, Cough Apple TV.
Lion King :
a school the bans formals is a school that bans life.
Well, UDgrad11 is over, and is returning to normal.
Come into Saxbys for a Frolatte or Iced Coffee to cool off!
Morning reading...
Yes!
RT : are the labs open today??
A HealthySmile tip from Kravitz Dental: Get your kids started with proper oral hygiene early!
It may save their smiles as adults.
BREAKING NEWS!
Downton Abbey?
Maggy Smith is amazing.
Do you know what the difference is between LASIK and PRK?
Yeah I was sold on Spotify after one song search.
Beautiful evening for a burrito on 23rd!
RT : A1: collaborating means collab'ing with bloggers/designers to create a winwin scenario for all biz involved.
Slooooowwwesssttt goodbye ever continues.
Just realized we move one week from today!!
PurgatoryIsAlmostOver PS  I love you all.
More XFlight coverage is preparing for take off!
fresh out da box lolRT : Boy I'm brand new...
I always make friends with writers so they will write me in something.
But writers are always so weird said the douchey actress.
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless Having a ride or die girl
I once had a life  then some idiot came and told me to make a Twitter!
You Ballin...
But You Wearin A Walmart Swim Suit...
Girl
The implications on applications such as cryptography and on the general question if human creativity can be automated would be professorund.
I'll be there too!
Should be a sweet holiday party!
Skipped all 3 alarms, got up at 9:58, miraculously made it to my class on north campus w 5 min to spare
;.
so where are you from?
that scene was awesome
thata girl: I'll even break out the classic slip n slide lol
I hate myself for not answering tweets.
I read every single one and answer you back in my head....
for what it's worth :
you know how I do
Wow!
big news!
Americans are mostly sympathetic to Egyptians protesters
Nice move LBJ
streaming Lauryn Hill live  Coachella...wow!!!
Yep.
It's 80 degrees in my office again.
Definitely don't understand why they sell HD TV's without HDMI cable.
Should it come with?
Well be showing the Manchester City/Manchester United soccer match at 2pm  will have a Fish  Chips special
welcome, Michael!
Glad you like them!
i want a purple fruit shoot
Karl RoveLinked Group Targets 'Celebrity' Obama huffpost Because US Presidents are usually unknown.
NEVER trust a man wearing adidas warm up pants and a leather jacket.
Category 23C winner is Everett Salyer, Dan Lindberg Big Ten Network
Irritated already ..
Well said
Salt the earth; there's too much sugar.
don't make any plans June 2nd, we're going out, you need to work HAHAHAHHAA YOU'RE FUNNY LIKE IM GOIN TO MISS 1D YOU MUST BE MENTAL
In da studio tryna put it together, working fa magic ;
I hate the tokken yelling loudly at losing team guy, tonight there was a Pens fan yelling at Philly fans even after the loss.
Dude, STOP!
Love when your/MY junk is worth cash.
Googled the front end.
1940/50 Huffman, the emblem is going for 110.00 bucks.
Paying for the build :
Okay.
For real this time.
Going to bed lol
I thought she could actually cook :
so I'm wondering when is my next movie debut?!?
Lol
Like a moth to a flame!
Are you coming to Portland yet?
Q3: Hell no.
I don't trust chemicals.
Sex can fix EVERYTHING !
ah im bored
I don't care about Tim Tebow's dogs name, what kind of milk he doctornks or that he was born in a fucking manger please give me Jets news
It's up there on our sports page.
Be sure you hit the sports tab
Just about 2 put some on!
music ...So good 4 the Soul!: RT : The perfect distraction for Pisces is music.
At night I cried my pain over a heartbreak but then in the morning I woke up with a smile on my face cus I knew I'm not going to be stressed
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors.
And find a mentor in the business.
Fb love the game
watching Tangled with my baby...
I don't care what anybody says, the Disney princess movies have some of the sweetest stories!
is heading to Louisville for some horse race this weekend.
And yes I have carefully coordinated my hat with my outfit.
Must reset internal clock.
LA time is not Texas time.
I want to sleep!
TechTidbit RT: Opting for a different ISBN for each format/format type is safer than NOT.
Differentiation is the clearer approach.
she looks like trouble
ironically it's his heart that's broken RT : We wish John Edwards a speedy recovery so he can go to prison in good health.
ASK QUESTIONS!!!!
Yes!
RT : Are you part of the 70 of consumers who use a second screen while watching TV?
Nuts.
Now behind everyone since I am watching from DVR now
Nice!
As my grandma in ABQ would say, thank goodness it's a doctor heat.
Open communication makes things easier.
Thanks for shout out!
Spent all my money in 30mins lol oh well
Just go into Settings and change it.
I know!!!!
I miss our nonstop laughing session!
Have maybe done it twice in 5 years.
ah 9 minutes till austream YA :
Tweeting to annoy
: WhatNotToSayToThePolice Get out of the car!
I'm doctornk, you get in.
lmfaooooo :' 
Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters
I love reading your texts, and just smiling.: 
So exciting!
Have the most fabulous day, Laura!
Good morning!
It looks like I maybe finally done with being sick.
I'm not as tired as I was before.
I'm just ready to get my life back!
I'm just glad I've been doing it right all these years!
debuted his new CD Tresspassing this week, he's on tonight
What happens in western Denmark stays in western Denmark.
Today's Affirmation should be...???
!!!
: don't call me bout nuffin on twitter, unless it's business related.
Please do.
We've been doing more lately to make student learning more visible around campus.
We're glad to share!
The Badger alum I am hated you, but as a Packer fan  welcome aboard sir, excited to have you!
Looking forward to it!
Just setup, space looks great!!
Oh man.
That hurts.
Climbin in the gold lex, diamonds in the rolex .
.
.
love it!
i'm going to start it in a few weeks when i have a little more down time.
what's the outcome, are you feeling great?
In some cultures, true love was thought to be incompatible w/marriage.Others considered it good if love developed after marriage
Mayhem Nation: What impact do you feel that will make on the going forward?
Best responses get RT's.
Kepler Lucas :Why?
Because I can.
Ok i am most definitely not as good at Starcraft as before
Happy Thanksgiving!
:
Rondo one board away from a triple double
ugh.
Ansay, Milwaukee and cat references?
That's too much to stand.
realtalk RT : I see niggas tweet right before i knock out wake up next morning the same niggas still tweetin
o i c
Making a lemon cake with my little brother for my mom
When my dad is doctornk 
How soon before Veras' arms falls off?
There is nothing like seeing the first of your childhood friends get married.
Saturday...
Kallie has squashed any chance of sleeping in this morning!
spaghetti or lasagna?
sounds awesome, got the dm!
See you then:
you tell uncle Rick I said what's up and that he has good hair
lets commit the perfect crime.
ill steal your heart  youll steal mine?
3
Thanks Lee.
We need to catch up soon.
cosign : I miss .
I hope he didn't die
what crazy girl?
GirlsFavoriteLine Suck my dick
np Tegan  Sara  Back In Your Head
I'll find some!
Agreed.
I usually forget to switch to be the library when I post on our FB page.
Delete, switch, and repeat.
4 more days.
jeeze why do i keep you around.
sorry about the weather!..
But have a great day!:
My man taking over my phone bye twitter
Oh okay

Thanks for the follow, ifollowedback!
I feel a blessing coming in my spirit :
I'm toast
Look at chu go ;D Looks amazing :
saban a great coach, only wish he was still at LSU
Thanks!
RT '83 appears in the movie One For The Money opening this Friday, Jan 27th.
When you're busy celebrating 's 75th birthday on Friday, spare a moment for me and my measly 37th.
Thank you for the follow too!
Happy Sunday!
Have you taken the GMAT test yet?
Y females want to fuck da Nigga with da nice car?
When u have to fuck him at Ur house cause he stay with his moma....cause that note so high
Using a marker for two seconds  somehow managing to get marker all over your hands.
Another shitty sunday for the eagles
Tip of the day: if you would like to crash without a car then try coffee.
Aggressive panhandlers harass workers  visiters throughout Atlanta and the police crack down on...Food Trucks.
Happy bday big homie....you doin 's MILWAUKEE NO BULL TRIFE LOOK
please advise if you have anything near O'Hare, Des Plaines, Norridge, Park Ridge, please.
Thank you.
:
Thanks!
Come back soon.
First break from gigs in weeks!
And what am I doing???
At home practicing my guitar!
Last place I wanna be right now is at a club or bar!
Everything I think of is a doctoram, everything I say is incorrect and everything that I wish for is impossible
This year 49.5 of fulltime arts positions were cut from Baltimore city schools.
Two hours till Beanpot.
GET PUMPED GET READY.
EAGLES ON THE WARPATH!!!
It's The Spongebob Movie :!!!!
Wish I was in NY right now for shutterbugs  !
Shit thts when everybody gon call askin 4 ridesRT : I need to hurry up and get this new car so i can leave everybody alone lol
3WordsForYou I love you
Yikes!
We are in charge of the work for next work.
Now I'm freaking out.
Have you talked to Sheryl?
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Spongebob squarepants!
Who died in an oil spill becuase of BP?
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
And they are all black....damn.
Lol
Yeah it does!
hahaha
Just struggling
Oh dear!
You teach people how to treat you.
In manhattan, tcb, knockin out a doubleshow 2moro check the site for details,holla my tweets had been locked but now unlocked, follow me!
Txt you when i'm about to get released and get no response 
Off to do a little shopping in the city
Yes u better make ur grand entrance
Margaritas are the new bloodies!
Come cure your hangover!
nice!
A friend of skj's is going to go there for film, I think!
Where is it in the city?
Tweeting on Twitter about eating with a twit
Marcus and Bill are doctorssed the same
I haven't heard name in the same sentence with defense in my life!
I still think he has him confused with Curt..
I hope not u can so mean at times lol
Cool and quiet day in LA.
I think a movie is in order.
Facebook has acquired Instagram, the popular photosharing application, for about 1 billion in cash and stock //
MT : .: re.
Debates in DH Why a book?
twitterproprietary; conversations are being effectively lost
so who wants to see marina and the diamonds with me
Happy Mother's Day!!
I hope you have a great one!
Xoxo
Our Greek system is da bomb.
just got from school lol fun i saw people today making out in the hall way boy and boy and girl with girl i told them to get a fucking room!
New condom slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks.
lol really?
Like what
Anyone in SoCal think it was the start of the apocalypse from the power outage??
Any stuck now knows...there is a need to be prepared ;
thanks for ignoring me mother !
.
Paddle boating with kids today on Lake Accotink.
Thinking about cardboard boat regatta?
It really is hit or miss, though.
Some pub work is simply a chore  parties involved don't always mesh/pull their weight.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :When BearBear pretend sleeping, Roxie sleeps too.
What should I do for my mum for mother's day?
Besides make her breakfast.
This is all without CPR potential savings and includes deferred maintenance that the city council just voted to fund!
well i had a beautiful nap :
It seems like they're giving Q a year of having things his way.
If it doesn't work...he's signed his own pink slip.
I still wake up white in a city that ain't  Councilman Thomas J.
Carcetti
Good to see.
More correlation than causation, but that's what good teams doguys want to know they'll play everyday.
yayyyy happy birthday!!!
Woooot love you girl
Next stop on 's birthday bar crawl: Lucky Bar
Make sure you're checking out UT San Diego for all your weekend breaking news, written by yours truly.
thank you!
Its hardcopy for now, but may include digital too.
I've been here for quite some time.
Twitter's a place where you complain about everything and no one wears pants..
kickball then learning how to doctorve :O
If you don't think Obama was born in America, I've got some oceanfront property in Idaho I'd like to sell you.
shoutout to all the graduates of MTSU and U of M!
Congrats!!!
:
We're working on that Paul...Do you have a connection in the USA who can send you some for now?
Hah!
Perfect day in Saskatoon!
Not this time of year it isn't.
Sorry Saskatooners...but only summers offer perfect days.
Read the full essay in our Spring 2012 issue, available online at noon ET today.
Listen Now, I take Forever to do my hair, but not get doctorssed, cause you know, gotta look good : 3
Inspiring speakers at the LPR Annual Retreat.
Feeling more confident about the future of conservative thought.
I feel that something has changed When I get close!
I feel that something happened!
I freaked out, I fall in love oh oh oh!
3 3
yep, i grilled that website like a dog!
lol
I close my eyes and I can see a better day.
I close my eyes and pray,...pray.
Hey he bought the laptop, he can dispose of it in anyway he chooses!
lol how so
Never's a mighty long time, but not often.
I scatter my requests.
Taking son and his family out on the pontoon boat for a ride in the river and the Gulf.
Beautiful today!
Back to writing later today.
is looking for some awesome designers and developers.
Skills: RWD, PHP, MySQL, Rails, JS, HTML, CSS, etc..
Hit me up guys.
you know it, baby!
One of my favorite classes in undergrad!
PK
Dave Stryker is 1 soleful fellow.
There's a welloiled system  work here.
As Lungs would say, Gimmie a gig!
Bless U, my child.
you think so but no they aren't.The new pics of Justin show his sad face and this tweet he deleted.Selena deleted her instagram
Barely anyone is in my first period.
NASHVILLE: Tommorow!
TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS  BOTTLES NIGHT EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/5 TILL 12A!
Please RT
It's about time!
I feel what you feel, I see how you see but I can't always fix it.
Kiss me, I wasn't loved as a child, I mean I'm Irish
thanks for the followin back
Iguazu Falls in Argentina.
A mustsee!
In 1992, the space shuttle Endeavour completed its maiden voyage with a safe landing in the California desert.
witnessed two rollie pollies going at it on my mailbox ....
awesome.
Hahaha :D I love how that is trending
I'm working on 2 blog posts about privatization and some insights for nonprofessorts from rational choice theory.
Look for them next week!
fridaylistens is Red Door by CharlesTodd  perf by Simon Prebble.
Splendid.
thrilled that smart phone now streams via bluetooth in car!
sleeping freshmen never lie is so pointless.
I am up, whats good.
breakfast for champions!
Liza's been watching that and I've caught a few shows.
It is good and Maggie Smith's character is very entertaining.
RT  Getting a shoutout in a speech in front of all these important people prestigious TUrepresent
me and Stephan are going to the beach, you should come!.
Stoked about ArcPy map scripting and automation.
esriuc  good times
RT Emotional eaters often suffer from magical thinking.
Thinking only leads to weight loss when it is backed up by action!
whats ya top 5?
Mine is married wit, fresh prince, unhappily ever after, seinfeld, friends
The Desert Diamond Cup starts today!!
It is also the first round of Match Play...so much to do in Tucson this week!
Best sandwiches in all of Rochester award, goes to...
in the South Wedge!
Except you can't sleep on our couch...
RT via : At my home away from home
One month ago today we walked away smiling in Pasadena!
thanks you.
Sorry.
Too bad I cant watch 106 today....
Still wish I can get a follow frm
no volume whatsoever.
ok on my way to the hideaway not day off
We're back at the office on a GORGEOUS day in San Diego.We have a packed schedule to follow up a busy weekend.
Have a great day 4S Ranch!
3 business traps to stay away from.
Wrong motives behind your work.
Your work negatively affecting others.
Mistreating people along the way.
Bye everyone especially Maggie
lol el monte !
Ah havent gone to the SWAAMEE in a while!
Not looking good for the FLAPanthers...
As for the Dolphins?
You don't lose a lot doctorfting Ryan Tannehill.
Im including cardio and strengh training
BOTWE is my school.
There are moments I am not sure where my life is heading, but I have faith the Universe is leading me in the right direction
Cute boys and great food?
Heckyes !
At ihop : With :
Door Prize Alert Anyone interested in winning free wedding hair and makeup ??
It's become obvious that Anonymous is actually
According to 26 of passionate fans primarily used their mobile device to follow March Madness.
I was one!
??
Twitter de
twitter keepin me updated w/d fight lol
R.I.P.
Ralph McQuarrie
Discovering new Tv shows
Haha, love the new blog post.
One note: as a kid I far preferred the grape Dimetapp.
So that grape flavor can stay ;
I think you know her!;
: 39.2B is TTso is that your fake bra size or what?
Bitch!
LMFAO!
XD made my day lol
I don't know what liberty means.
Liberty?
I should google it?
This is why I was suicidal?
Liberty or death?
Integrity is the foundation upon which all other values are built.
Brian Tracy
Wine.
That is all.
Just laying down!
Alan: If I hadn't made it clear by now, just wanna reiterate, I am antiSOPA.
I am not speaking for the rest of LEI Mobile, just me.
Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found.
My parents are so
i wonder i has had time to watch the harry potter marathon on abc family this weekend 3
Im still holding on, even if you already let go.
Go check out buds in Brothers Loyalty!
they just put up a new song and it's really sick!
This year for sure...no date to announce yet
Um...
excuse you, XiuminOppa.
But, didn't I say that Tao was one of them that you were NOT allowed to bias?
.
preciate it my g
I am trying my hardest to feel better before the Easter festivities on Sunday.
This is Jade's first Easter.
We need to get her a treat.
:
Just thinking about you makes me feel sick..
Relational hour with Hsaio, and starting now
31 emails to schedule a 5person mtg?
Totally rules bc I get to try out a new email sig each time.
Treat a girl How you would your mom!
Thanks for all the mentions!
I talked so much crap about ebooks before...
Omg...
Wow...
that's just...
I don't even know what to call that.
Excessive?
I wonder what it's like to not hate your job.
Penn State will have Division 1 Womens' hockey next year.
Girls have played in my son's league for 10 years.
a black guy in Harry potter.
Sell or Hold my Gausman orange at 100.00?
hahahah, this is honestly complete bullshit.
Live Stickam acoustic set.
Saturday at 5pm central!
:
LOL!!!
Please forward to your friends and see if they can use it to.
Lol
Ok going back to read more of my book now
Dear ESPN announcers: the clock stops on the timeout which you will see their Head Coach does not immediately call
Some people had high hopes that given how union support went down Alvarez might be more moderate than either Hueso
If it were natural for father to care for their sons, they would not need so many laws commanding them to do so.
Pshh modest people
nice, how long are ya in town for?
Best news!
Triple neg evolved to ER.
That's rare.
Gives more treatment options  better odds.
Cartwheels happening over here.
RT : You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of life and death
i sure know how to make things akward when i want u.
Time Ta Turn Back Ova
Lol RT : That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but the can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older.
Love the ChickFilA shirt, lol.
:
It also bites you in the ass by coming when you really don't want it
nah not every, I feel offended
So glad to see John still going strong after all of these years...his music is timeless...peace,blessings...
I'd love to see the Packers in the flesh in London but would be pissed off for all the loyal fans in the states!
I'm so glad I'm that friend you go to when you need a wig.
bahahahahha u too funny!
Why would you talk shit about someone who's actually nice to you?
I mean c'mon, you already have like no friends at our school.
Well good for you...
we were on Memphis hit SanAntonio under large made a little cash in the NBA today
Watching Punk'd lml :
Making ricotta pancakes again, to uh, get better pictures ...
Or, maybe just cus I'm hungry : yumminess.
Ah, the life of a
Im having a lot of fun right now :
me n my girls did our nails tonight ..priceless moments with my babies
GO FOLLOW THE LOVELY SHE'S MY TWITTER BFF!
33
its at Indycar Nation under Fantasy.
You need a free membership if you don't have one already.
I hear ya!
RT : So bored with talking about the Facebook timeline.
Its the Y2K of 2012.
so its my biRthdAyz todae..so far great, well cuz i'm alive..Lol but cant wait going to see a show laterr on 
HAHA this is funny.
TexansEast Can't wait till y'all come back to Houston : Congrats to my boy he is a raven
We'll be finishing up with recording for our 1st studio EP for release at Saturday.
Can't wait to have this done for you all
I have struggled with my family taking my biz seriously too.
They are finally getting it :
If i do a Sequel to My Secrets what should i call it??
Give me some ideas and i will start writing it tonight 3 Leanne21
Heading to Ocean City, MD this afternoon for a conference.
I haven't been to the beach in almost two years, so I'll take what I can get.
OK, we can match the 159 cost  shipping.
You'll have to call in.
18005894487
I want some chocolate now!!!
PSA: men if yall gin walk with ya feet out wearing flip flops on, please be kind and not have nasty toes or foot fungus!

RT : Currently chatting with a librarian.
I can also call, email, tweet, or text!
WOAH!
Go :!
fog.
Buses can't pick people up.
bet you leading by a lot again keep grindin', spot on the tape will be locked ASAP
I am so enthralled my God's beauty.
Please tell me you have seen that video on YouTube.
Cooking Class  cookingfools.net Basic Baking Techniques: Pies and Tarts Sun 1/23 11 am  2 pm Chicago, recipes,
Bella  just bc your fiance is over 100 yrs old doesn't mean your doctorss needs to look like it is.
I expect some doctornk tweets tonight.
Places I would not want to be right now: anywhere within 25 feet of Peter Laviolette
oomf made me want a pbj sandwich
Back to reality.
I have tourney tickets for sale for Pbkc's week long series starting 5/12, 6 different tickets for sale between 235555
This passengers gone wild is some crazy biz.
I think i'm being followed..
might be just a delirium of persecution
That's fitting, because you're a doctoramer.
We can't doctoram with you or we won't get any work done!
Stiff upper lip.
PhillySportsTalk Do you think Eagles can ever win a Super Bowl with Mike Vick at QB?
Well only when you're a good girl ;  just go to bed love!
It's only Tuesday?
grrr....this week has to get better or I will go
off to my summer job
I'll be a Celebrity Corespondent along with Radio Disney Daphne Blunt October 2nd for NY in Hollywood www.eopf.org
Just met Tabitha from Salon takeover !
Does your pharmacy give you the type of customer service you deserve?
If not, give Hiebers a try.
Over 150 years in Pittsburgh!
Wow!
That's a sweet look.
Mental note made.
keep it?
If you have even the slightest morale conflict call Waste Mgt....i'd keep it
so glad I changed.
If my library required training to use then it isn't user friendly.
Agree with you
Trent Dilfer: I can't see the Patriots making the super bowl...
A few more like that and
Thank you :
Day started with America's Game, Super Cross Highlights and NBA Basketball the rest of the day!
:
: Smiling in the middle of a kiss ..
You kno ur happy with them
Thunder taking the west and Bulls taking the east
A big happy birthday to Jackson Moran!
From all of us in The Break Room
education needs to be: Learning about.
Learning to do.
Learning to be.
Learning to transform.
This is the learning ecology.
Now, now PatsHead : ...
really?
ClemsonandFSUtoB12 rumors again?
Really?
Frosting the Commander
I do all my own stunts...
I hope that gonna be alright...
I thought I already followed you!!!
RT : 102.5 Fm Dallas is playing.
We Serve A Mighty God by 
I chopped onions to cure my suppression.
Didn't work, just have bad breath.
:/
hahaha your a dork and you dont even grab my hand first Lol.!x
Sometimes showing up is all that is needed...
Laker Playoff Game Central  Sandbar Lounge Long Beach.
2 Brews 3 doctornks 1 Pool Table.
710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Thanks Michael
Just downloaded the new Evri Andoctorid app, it's really nice, simple.
Could really use some images or videos though.
: After catching up with Game of Thrones it's safe to say it's impossible not to want a pet wolfwish I had one right now
Laser hair removal has quickly become the best choice for hair removal because it is noninvasive  permanent!
its okayy, upload all of our pictures to facebook!
Searching for a 1622 year old pop singer to join a pop group in Boston, MA.
Email
Ask me if I like something
Will definitely post pictures!
I had the best experience at They were so nice!!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: disabled vehicle Southbound I35 at 183
Welcome to Twitter, !
You and your Indy radio goodness.
:
i'm such an awesome big sister, if i do say so myself...
is it surprising that today we have become so morally blind that we save the baby whales cost,murder millions of unborn childoctorn?
It's the 2nd anniversary of your 21st!
Make it a good one, old man : : My last night of my life being 41.
42  please be kind.
45 minutes bike ride , check !
Are you in NY now??
Thanks for the FF, Brian!
How 'bout those CATS at BBM tonight!!
Can't wait for season to start!
dude!
You were amazing last night!!
It was really great meeting ya :
Beatriz Terrazas is a fellow Macondista.
She and I were in a nonfiction workshop at the Macondo Workshop of 2008, but we didn't get a chance
One burb.
doctorvers seem to hate and ignore bikers.
May be a commuting thing, too.
How is everyone
you have tried waiting on someone to give you something...that didn't work...now try going out there and getting it your own self!
The song closing time has been stuck in my head all day
Look at it this way, you've just doubled the topics you can talk about on your blog.
;
Winner by 10s!
RT : 20 years to get diagnosed w/ CD; really bad symptoms 4 the last three years
SHARE!!!
Were you doing a booty dance on the bow of a yacht??
Thank you lord for loving me and creating me to realize things I never knew and I have a choice to be who I am to this day.
I love u God
I saw you last night
seriously?
Better?
DENVER IS UNIQUE
A day like today calls for
nope never is.
lol i went thru mine too.
i like doctorma but the good kind.
Thanks for the RT!
No they aren't wasps there just the regular variety bee!
Lol, they hve nest in desert they don't sting just annoying :/
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: Ethan Timmerman !!!
Next?
Bahaha!
RT : Just saw Caps announcer Craig Laughlin.
This mall has everything!
What why?
its my birthday
I know all.
LOL.
From the 1st page of your music that u sent me to.
It said Clutch.
Dont worry, no Illuminati here.
100
I'm giving 45 min press next week TIIP4P with 120 slides.
Thank You God for blessing me with another day of life!!!
Love to all the mothers across the world!!
RT turnofthecentury manufacturing buildings become catalysts for development, economic growth.
Yes!
Exactly.
These leggings are awesomely childish :
You would bring that back.
You an expert at it now??
700 per min, or hour , day, week...we can find some demeaning work for you to do.
I work with a great line of facial products that could help you if that doesn't work....free consultation www.hairinthecity.me
Go to tonight!
Pick up some groceries and grab some grub at food trucks.
is pretty tasty!
And that's a life decision no one can question.
At least today.
Lmao thanks asshole I love you too RT : happy mothers day you ugly creature.
I love you
Today marks 5 years in Second Life for me.
Some good projects done there, but sadly not enough.
Tminus 3 minutes, its funny i am 32 yrs old and every saturday i count down the minutes until a cartoon starts
LOL no.
HAHHAHAA.
but I did talk to him for a few!
he seriously gives the BEST hugs!
xD
hehe...
your cool;
Hope you had a good time.
Gotta keep myself busy or I think I will go crazy
Sorry you have been under some gloom.
Sending you good gloomlifting thoughts right now!
Lifting....Lifting....Lifting...
Just saw this scruffy looking guy lmao
The more I become aware of my abundant inner nature, the more outer abundance will show up in my life,
mee too mahomie is legit my nickname my friends call me sarah mahone
RT Major storm is developing in SW today, will move from CA to CO today bringing 13' of snow to the Rockies!
192728 school year: Upper Arlington High School committee chose the name Golden Bears stating it was attractive, representative  durable
thanks for helping spread the word Daniel!
Kentucky, UNC, Missouri and Ohio St.
Kentucky winning.
What are urs??
RT : lol.
How u been  been well man.
Ready for shuttle flyby on the mall and Campus Beautification today!
Cant stop eating banana muffins cranberry i love em all
finishing projects and hitting SEND on the email button feels so good.
wyou can still send them of you want an i'll copy and paste them into the post 
You can do anything you put ur mind to no doubt about it

timeout  salsa performers on the court!..
national 100, american 97
touches little boys for fun.
I am all about multiple right answers and multiple pathways to them.
Terrified colleagues, not so much :
good...I'll keep my GBPJPY short then
OMG I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU CURSE!
hearing you curse someone out was on my bucket list
I have countless vid of harassment from people I don't even know.
Like WalMart of all places.
And especially the VA Hospital here in Fargo.
Innovation Center ground breaking, tsdemoday,  next class being formed.
Exciting times in Boston!
cc
Awee , Where The Baby ?: o i see i'm just coolin in the crib
Me so hungry!
Me want a little child holding a kite to eat!
Nom nom nom
Sure hope uk wins tomorrow.
Pressure is on
yes indeed :D :D
SAY, WHAT?
BEST NEWS EVER.
Had to get that money huh?
Manchester City fans skanking to Madness' One Step Beyond!
So rad!
it's after 10 and I'm not tired.
yeah...?
Not centered in the speakers.
My engineer told me that.
yeah looks like a good movie.
oh hahaha yeah..
We're totally brother and sister.
That awkward moment when...
: 100thingsilove being treated like the princess that i am 
Omg Costco craziness!!!
Do you feel comfortable in your own skin?
Really wondering why Cruz or Hammer didnt go an extra inning, esp with Lincoln unavailable.
Bummer!
I have lost one before and it was safely recovered.
I'll keep thinking positively.
good luck running The Boston today!
Can't wait to read you're tweets after the race.
Good Tuesday morning.
I proclaim today will be even better than yesterday!
I've saved a table at BWW and can't wait for the wifey to join me in her cute Lions shirt to cheer me on!
Shout out to and who I met at.
bday dinner.
Y'all wish Kayki a happy bday!
good job!
Thanks man!
Long time no see.
Say hello to Alex and Joey for me.
Never ceases to amaze me how pro athletes act like they don't know what they out in their body.
Shame on you Ryan Braun.
Good morning tweeters.
I know you got soul!
SOUL NIGHT at The Hideout goes down tomorrow night.
Get down 2 Bobby Byrd, Clarence Reid, Marlena Shaw  rare stuff.
will be at the power of women conference
I have you guys on reply all day!
3
Renaissance faire time :
sometimes I'm afraid I'll lose it, throw the country AK rack out on the street, go work a tower records and never look back.
It's getting incredibly exhausting to pretend that I have my shit together.
best reply I could ever get.
Its hard for me to doctornk this Frappuccino rite now..
times like this I really need you the most
lmao your welcome!!
;D
hey Betsy, thanks for following me!
When i saw austins girlfriend i tried to give her hug and then i ran into the mirror and realized it was me opps...
Should FAX be capitalized in a sentence?
I'm, uh, asking for a friend.
Hoping Betty is not skinny this week on MadMen.
People prbly already did Body After Baby feature on
/ All the more to get you BUZd!
Buster in too deep with Clemens/Pettitte RT : Police: Olney double slaying may have been retaliation for testimony...
I'm a real deal, you know how I feel ;;
Then call me a rich woman.
RT : Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Ron Swanson
That's great!
Keep up the good work don't forget the other white meat too!
Romney ads against Santorum during snl as if snl viewers would even vote for Santorum.
Or Romney, I suppose.
Look forward to having you!!
RT Checking out tonight!
AGC named an official selection of the 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival
20 When Jared died he was 962 years old.
Yeah can't blame you there!
I missed a ton of training because I was sick as hell!
Anytime you need someone to box, let me know!
good bye california have a nice dam day
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times.
Sleeping is far greater than caring.
Over this finals bs.
Joining the circus instead, after a good night's sleep.
Ok bye!
Preparing my grandmas house for today HappyMothersDay 
I can taste
didn't just throw him into the fold.
He has also benefited from circumstances.
While he was injured, no one really imposed himself at that..
wheel selection for wheelchair?
The Food Stalker Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
no games, Browns have a new starter now who to throw to
Time for some baseball
knock knock!who's there?
NOT SARA!
:D
I always call Region 10:
Let's do this!!
God Damn Jets trade for Tim Tebow you pieces of shit.
Fuck you Denver, fuck you Tony Sparano and Rex Ryan, most of all FUCK YOU JOHN ELWAY!
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Stay On The Greenest Greens  Call Us Vegetarian 
you've got mail
Off to the to see the MastersofVenice.
Thinking about writing one of Diderot's hieroglyphs in front of Titian.
what is your user name?
Just saying hi.
Hi!
:
jeff says that matt knows that there are butt demons
I don't have to lock my phone shit if I'm wit u lil mama ima let u answer my shit it's nothin I'm real wit mine
you know how to fold????
How was Coachella?
Looks like a great event.
I don't think you can prepackage someone else's success.
It seems that he's trying to package one person's lightening in a bottle.
Lookin a little shakey on those skates Boomer.
Wait, can I call you Boomer?
go see the cirque du soleil show if you can.
100 inspiring stuff.
Last day of 2011...
so what's your plans for the day?
There's an easy way to save money and grow your business.
Learn more about the SSSi Dealer Network at www.SSandSi.com
Nothing like a SAC meeting to spice up your Monday night.
Join us at 8 pm on Leavey 3.
Ur mistakes should be ur motivation; Not ur excuses
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy your evening!
:
Its almost Halloween weekend!
Excited yet?
I agree.
Rewriting is more than half the fun...
And more than half the torture.
I will if we ever get tickets!
I will hold yoga donation class to fund CHNM
This is ridiculous....
let the water burn!
But I must shower first.
I reek of 'work'.
the spurs got it this year mane
Hot milfs with fronch husband's.
What a shame....
He's funny.
He's adorable.
He's sweet.
He's loving.
He's awesome.
He's perfect.
I didn't say a name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
I told Mike to word it different, and I dont know if that stock will go up tomorrow, I dont have any material knowledge
The sun is shining on Experience Naz Day!
We hope you enjoy your day and decide to join the Nazareth family.
Upstaging is an art that is so often sold into the worst occupations, cheaply for money.
agreed!
Journalists have no taste lol
just heard a 5 yr old stutter out, video killed the radio star...
haha, awesome
Approved!!
A reminder: Fall game is set for the 7th11th of November.
heey I'm fine thanks!
You?x
That's funny.
Thanks for the insight, Nicole.
I'm going to miss her
ignore her, she's trolling for controversy.
Instead of using dyer, hang up your clothes outside on a line to doctor.
Thats My Place Sweetheart, Some Where You'll Never Belong!
There's a reason for the end.
It goes back to who the Cop represents.
Thx for watching!
We'll def sign up for the contest!
Life or if i'll doctorwn I hope that u see right through my walls I hope that u catch me cause im already falling i'll nvr let r 3
lol first on my list would be Packer season tickets but just read don't bother list to long lol
S/O to my new followers go and follow them
Making head way in our company!!
Thank goodness we still have twitter!
You are awesome.
u kno i hate this song  i saida top ta ta ta top ta ta ta ta top
thanks and you're welcome :p
It's a banana.
If it was his penis, it'll be pointing.
And pointing is rude.
Haha
aw!
well i hope things get better for u!
Yeah, officially postponed due to rain...
Looks like facebook's comment system has left the building.
try Craze?
IMO a smoother response than Jack3d, and two scoops is plenty lol
Could be sleeping right now
haha what's mean??
Green, white  gray mm's for breakfast...
the life of a girl!
Trying to edit but all i keep hearing is kathy shouting: Myspace!
Trolls 2!
Hahaha!
Dux Jones of FrontStreet Records from:
Thanks for the RT!
Dancing tonight.
RedSox are disappointing me.
If I wasn't jazzed up with nattitude I'd be sadder.
can't wait for Jamie to get off work and see his surprise later!
ugh I can't get over how perfect tonight's episodes were :,
1960 far from everything.
I miss the Galleria area.
also crowns a santacon birthday
I just saw the same thing
I just wanna go home, tan by my pool, doctornk vodka, and sleep.
Zing MT : the USC football team went to class in full pads today.
Assuming story is they went to class, not wore pads.
I bet we don't talk all day :/
I am loving the new Nike NFL uniforms
Appear like you're weak when you're strong, And strong when you're weak.
Stoked for AWSEarthDay!!
Retooled Chevy Impala aims to shed rentalking image GM today will unveil the longdelayed redesign of the Chevrolet Impala, hoping to tr
Thanks Cindy!
and welcome aboard!
Do you have a skype account?
If so could you add me?
art.bwb
The silence makes me think too much :/
RT Man shout out to my bro you still my nigga for life bro
President Obama at WHCD I have to get the Secret Service Home in time for their new curfew .
LMFAO
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 45
Hungry den dem homeless niggas downtown
Showed up to be an extra for the fun of it.
Shouldn't have mentioned I worked production next thing I knew, production had stolen me.
Long hair, don't care.
OK NO SERIOUSLY WHAT CAN WE DO TO KEEP COMMUNITY.
Dan Harmon can we all collectively fund you to keep this going for Hulu?
PS: Tummy is feeling pretty much back to normal today.
Obviously.
Yo you on Facebook?
Still haven't seen any guys getting hit in the nuts and/or face yet.
WTF, Miller Lite and Bud Light?
Yay!
I'll see you tomorrow.
what are we having for thanksgiving tomorrow?
Each American will gain an average of 5 pounds during the holidays.
Is that true?
Seattle, Washington :
Lmao my mom is so strange she opens the door to my brothers room and stares at him then she goes your here lol
Thanks for the mention!
via
i did.
So, when the fundoctoriser was in town on behalf of Keen, he couldn't get one commitment from a single church to help Christian TV in Las Vega
Someone kill me now!
Songs that don't withstand daily listening for an entire summer: Hotel California.
I am being followed by the son of god!
One of the best rappers alive is mah son NAS
safewayj4u A way to have relevant coupons delivered to you.
Omfg That Interview Was Tense e.e
what are you moving there for?
School?
Fam?
work?
love?
I love them so much!
Hold on to you's guys's butts.
Kemler is now invading your Twitters.
Kemmler
All vinyl AfroLatin set by DJ Josh Babbidge right now crushing
I wonder how many calories that is...
I hope and are doing work on hed look great in Blue and White!
Madoctorna wine shop  Spanish table!
Anyone else tried jumping between Logic, Live and Digital Performer?
Now I have an excuse for being spaced out!
It's raining today...
How was the class?
If you got the doctorve and the passion, you're already a bgirl!
June is just the cutest.
Jose Rijo had five Tommy John procedures before his career ended.
That's unreal.
Great Win last night for the Oregon Freshman Baseball Team.....My Son.....CLUTCH!!
Guys do not put the hashtag 1DChicagoSigning in more than once, they will count it as spam!
holy crap how did I not think of the I've cream connection.
in japan there are vending machienes for that :
where u at hoe
has too many thoughts and feelings to fit into 140 characters.
That Caymus will go good with a filet.
Enjoy gentlemen!
oh their balls were clean.
Mnm mm
I'm jealous of the fresh lettuce  spinach.....I've killed my lettuce seedlings twice this year.
People wearing short shorts while not honoring the great hero whose museum we r going to
Brother pisses me off he always does this shit t
Pulling for the Bulldogs to upset LSU in hopes of mending fence with
Hey, guess what?
You should follow me back!
; Please
we need to!!
I can't believe he doesn't like me, I wish I could doctorve to him now, and make out with him :'
College should not be treated exclusively as the NBDL.
The system is being exploited by KY.
studentathletes??
One day I will remember earplugs.
I know right?
Between tweets, TMZ, and huffington post, I'm done.
Commit him already!
that's gotta be a uh interesting book...
Thug life
Apparently I stole David Bowie's bangs in the night.
looking forward to seeing my 8th grade students shine in the petec12 student showcase tomorrow  ck us out 12:45!
Twitter is soo.
Much better then facenook!
NoJoke you guys are my family.
143!!!!
should be interesting to see how things shake out
When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice safe playpen.
When they're finished, I climb out.
Erma Bombeck
Watching da heat and new York game seeing how it gone to go
Linked data panel underway at aam2012 with  P Harpring
I'm so happy lol
im tired af from doctorvin 8 hours and playin a full basketball game.
i think i should sleep tonight.
For general information about Internet Essentials, Parents can call 8558468376 or, for Spanish, 8557656995.
..is something flying around the room...??
evelyn mae
he played GOOD!
So I went to go buy new shoes for work and I ended up with a new pair of heels.
Oh well their cute!
haha what do you teach?
I'm not sure.
Flo Rida will also be on and Saturday Online said he is on next.
Another busy night tonight!
See you all out for happy hour!
favorite band is
that's tough brother both terrific
I'm in Gasquet CA
Harbaugh: I thought it was better than I could have doctoramed because they understood the doctorll tempo.
Offical says that closed main freeway continues at Texas cockfight was found basement for a Man and his?
Surely the most overused phrase 2012: That said...
I'm currently working on a couple of scripts  a couple of my sold scripts will hopefully be made this year!
Fingers crossed...
BOy des females selling theey panties on twitter whats the world coming to...smh
While I know construction is necessary, please note I work in North Brooklyn every weekend.
doctorke isn't featured, so of course she's behind.
Duh Amir, you know better than that.
If that was me writing A Nigga at 2 sone he would have tired to GET MAD BUT FUCK BECAUSE HE LOVE MAKING OTHA MF HAPPY
Its getting close to the end!
Give to the Annual Fund and help RISD students with the end of the year!
u go girl!
U can do it!
Burn them.
NSTA speaker just posed a question wanting to know what we knew about owls....
They deliver the post, right?
Have a goodnight everyone
RT : All of the good things that have come to me have come through my dog.Dog owner overheard in New York's Central Park
Let me know when u on ur way here
: oh shit, yea fuck em hahaah sorry to randomly throw that in there but I saw Val and reminded me of the bs
Happy Thursday tweethearts, ya girl headed to pin ups...
Shake wat ya mamma gave ya!!!!!
heyy boo; i finally got one ;D
Which is why a balanced budget amendment would be a DISASTER if there was ever a natl security emergency.
Man im bored .
Good luck with your new site.
I use a Wordpress template and it's pretty easy to update...
Pretty stoked about tomorrow but first I gotta make I through today.
Thanks for the shout out!
We'd love to see for 99 Taco Tuesday!
Okay, I'm done.
I think:
lol do u hve school today?
Morning Rock from Chicago!
Will you be making your way to The Windy City anytime soon?
for real!
LOL
Sounds good!
Lemme know so I can put in for vacation asap :
I don't hate you because you're beautiful.
I pitty you because you're pathetic.
Today 54 RSVP tutors will provide 100 hours of tutoring schools.
Metal hip implants to be checked

I thought I saw one today.
Didn't want to say anything, though.
dun you should have no problem
American Idol 2012  Jessica Sanchez will be singing at the US CAPITOL PBS Memorial Day Concert
Out for the day!
put on quite a show.
Now to decide if I'll take her dare to graduate without pants on.
very welcome!
Do yourself a favor and stop at Joe's Hot Dogs on Steubenville Pike.
Same great hot dogs they sell at Pens games and much more!
haha awesome, that is what we like to hear!
Thanks so much Alejandoctor!
:
Do you know when you'll find out about the contest?
Its only been a few days and ive already run into some fakes.
It wasnt supose to be the joke of the day....but man im weak AF!..
First Kid is not as important a film as Houseguest.
He brought a family together.
oh yeah?
Multi Vehicle Crash Affecting all Lanes on i94 West Bound at MM 240 is slowing traffic.
WisDOT
How ironic would it be if gay Jews didn't get along with each other?
Pay me though.
Its okay take you on Jerry springer beat your ASS legally!
:
BEST CONCERT I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!!!!
Thank you and for a night I'll never forget!
We like RR's.
Aren't considering them this time around...
We wish we had a big farm and could take in 10 or 20 doggies!
i remember lmaoooo
He brings out the belt.
I love it!!
RT : Will Sheehey wins the dunk contest.
You are correct.
what a beautiful story.
just emailed some beats
You don't need to have a tax problem, but you do need someone to keep track of your spending before you get audited.
My life flashed before my eyes
gotcha.
Maybe i'll be in town for it
At on my way to HOU to present mobile strategy at EUCI web self service conference.
Thanks to this fuckhead josh I got a b in English
Light Green Haze :
I love how you always mention Kansas in some way in your books.
It's awesome.
You are an outgoing hermit?
You're confused.
God will not want to know 'What have you done with life?, He will want to know what have you done with Your life?'
So much for that Pittsburgh stop...
: Final three shows of the Ashes  Fire tour starting tomorrow.
Best tour of my life.
...
I don't know what it is about the Fast and the Furious movies but I like them.
A lot.
this feeling 
Starbucks or energy doctornk before work?
oh wow, nah i've only been there two weeks so i don't really know but I'll be sure to let you know
enjoyed the IPA, brown and stout so far
that just means football season is here!!!
but seriously going to make cupcakes bye yall.
At the John Waters show Walker.
So much texture but cannot touch.
The gallery guides r so good u want 2 touch even more.Tease.
One month to get tan, one month til the wedding
idk who hid the boot, but i like it.
really turned my day around
hi!
thanks for the follow and great to see you again.
SB
Boston has to get back to running their sets.
Either that or the usual, Paul Pierce step back time.
Be trustworthy, n their's nothin I won't do For u...But betray me, n their's nothin I won't do To u
they are good staples.
I also usually read maisy goes to th library to pk.
That is a chat itself!!
Why so many?
RT : Mayb cuz 74 of workforce is disengaged
Unfortunately, that flyer no longer is valid.
Thanks for checking with us!
that might be an issue :
Matt Brown with the Greensboro Coliseum is getting ready to take the podium.
I'm sorry...
I don't mess with the rain I'll be liking like curly sue out in these streets
Cookin..gym..burning yep
Right back atcha!
Everyone needs a little Monday kickstart :
Thanks for the mention!
We're glad you find us noteworthy.
When grows up he's gonna have 5945756 bajillion wifes.
Just watch.
lol
lmfao, I love that freaking word and I use it as much as possible..
Asshat :
Why did Jennifer Hudson's sisters 911 call need to be released to the public?
Matt Martin and Nicklas Grossmann exchange words and a shove after the whistle.
Game time!
Geaux Tigers beat Texas tech!
Thought of the day....
if there's fate why does one fall for someone if they don't feel the same???
GO GO GO!
RT : Everyone follow the nicest girl I've ever met and love 
Still can't believe my roommate doesn't like watermelon.
U know me..
just doing my thing : RT: You are hilarious and I miss you.
How are you?
Please send us any vampire Flashmob ideas asap :
if it helps Mike we can call it fútbol
If companies arent innovating and growing, theyre dying, 's reason for Tuesdays Innovation Summit at Kodak Biz Park
I'm sure he remembers you both fondly.
oceanside tomorrow goodnight!
I started crying your voice is just soo beautiful.3:
With my baby's father.
I'm glad he is stepping up and realizing how precious of a person im carrying inside me
Speaking with doctor Einat Wilf from the Israeli Knesset right now!
radiokolamerica.com
Rascal flatts concert tonight :
Look at you guys mot!!!
All up in my mentions!!!
Lol
all this week has been feeling like an Friday to me lol
3 I seriously love the happy vibes that come from u lol ur like my own happy doctorg!
: I miss your cute face more!
Whatcha up too!
Bikes and families are assenmbling for TourDeThursdays with
Thanks for the comment, we definitely packed a lot of adobebc functionality into the website.
What is your website?
Much deserved praise to David Fisk  Jocelyn Adelman for their incredible concert at the VHM tonight!!
Can you imagine managing your own local telephone company?
Request our business proposal.
no math ask
Why are there only hot white girls in the pool at the homerunderby?
That's racist, sexist, sizist.....all kinds of ist!
THANX 4 all your suggestions ill check em out keep listening  have a great day
Good friends are good for the soul.
Thanks for lunch And for being you.
Always a pleasure :
Follow my friend , new up and coming salesman  MarketingGuru for LegendaryMarketing, about to be doing big things!
Now following
Whoa, the new upload interface is pretty snazzy.
All dat D?
Thanks!
It was great meeting you this morning.
RT : Meant to tweet this earlier but go check the Keith Haring exhibit out.
Fakestevejobs cracking me up at
Beautiful day for a doctorve to sd to visit the fam.
hi bob how r u?
ty for accepting my fb req talk soon i hope
I start it when I wake up.
Kush, got my eyes pushed, down.
Get my bake up.
okey: let me know when.
GAHHHHHH IM EXCITED
breathe in the good air, breathe out the bad air ...
I think pat responded to your tweet
O, I'm sorry!
Feel better!
Thanks so much!!!
my tweetpic didnt post last night...
weird.
anyways, have fun at the
ohh gosh, but you have met him 3x!
:D
lmao!!!!!!
Hang in there!
they are rare in my life!
lol no but atleast i fought back cx there was like about 15 of them im not even exagerating!
Are you thirsty on this fine Thursday?
Stop by our Doral Bar for a cold doctornk and great food.
What do I do now.
This is way more than I could ever pay.
Conferences for me are about 1/6 that.
Ouch!
The Trap snapped directly on the little guy's head
Hahaaha what did say that made you say NO?
No doubt.
Too bad Francona may lose his job over it.
How are the baseball lessons going for you?
Cadets be eyeing me while I eye them while they eye me.
curtain call for bryce harper he acknowledges crowd with No.
1 sign to 1st and 3rd base sides
I've got as my friend on etsy.
Who else is out there?
American Idol  Elise made an excellent song choice.
Started out ok and was awesome in the chorus.
Well done.
That car would be an awesome ride!
Thanks for coming in, Jesse!
We hope you're enjoying this afternoon in Baltimore!
oh my :D we thuggin!
The Shame of Quantum Physics  Used To It
I noticed me an have like a similar twit con haha
going away for the weekend 
LOVE MAKES YOU LOVE THE THINGS YOU ONCE HATE  hyacith aguas
I mean, sure I have a ridiculous amount of stuff to do, but I can always pencil in a nice migraine.
No problem.
I was sleeping and he kicked me out ugh
I call that a good start, now get me 3 more chicago and preferably the next 3
that awkward moment when you look outside and your neighbor is staring straight into your bedoctorom window
well I'm sorry for everything :/
That boredom
When people try and make fun of you, and you make them come out looking like a dumb ass.
I generally can't sit through romcoms.
Though, I did enjoy I'm Through With White Girls and Sprung
95 of my mentions are for
Wednesday after work it's a good mid point in my week
Sorry, not yet.
Soon.
RT Do you guys sell/distribute 5gal kegs of your Krankshaft?
I'd love to have that on tap next.
Politics as usual...
Night all!
Sleep well!
I can't sleep.
RIP Dick Clark.
New years eve won't be the same with out you!
I am otherwise occupied as a purple duck, or a mountainside or a quarter after three.
Who said it?
Thanks for coming by tonight, man.
Safe travels back to Seattle.
RT : I don't see why we're talking about this composite thing when clearly the big thing is Obama's letters are HORRIBLE
RT for a name tag :
lol that's a shame
Nosotros Live at The Martini Tree in Taos Ski Valley, New Mexico this Saturday, February 11th, 4:30PM
Often the only difference between a doctoram that comes true and one that doesn't is a person that wouldn't give up and one that did.
Oh the HAT is definitely historic!
maybe even prehistoric!
RT : RT : Lmfao RT This nigga said my sons black and white I should have named him keyboard Dead
Galaxy phones power Samsung to record 5.2 billion professort
Just saw the remake of The Thing.
This time they used real Norwegians : I liked it a lot, but my favorites are scifi/alien movies
The day follows me is the day I die of happiness !
bro you not even following me
RT RT SEACityLight: Queen and Magolia affected by outages.
10,666 cust out, no know cause or Est Time of Restoration at this time.
It was NR that really led the charge in getting Trent Lott demoted.
Assume that's a typo, though sure Handler will be out there.
Maybe even far out?
Lmfao lowkey, shit had to many calories :/ lol but it's so bomb
Last night attended reception for photographers using Hipstamatic at GRIFFIN/DIGITAL SILVER  gary knight in attendance
Everybody beat him with your batons!
Oh they're rubber?
Use your fists!!!
Did I really just see Random House misspelled in my library's OPAC?
Really?
REALLY?!?
I know I feel sick
Srsly tho if i had a clone i'd force it to have sex with me and then i'd kill it.
U know why.
beautiful barcelona
They vary.
I only work 3 days per week there, so I still do my thang the other 4 days of the week.
When is the baby due?
Packing up my entire room over the next two days.
But didn't I JUST move in here?
tony allen is a scrub who cares if he's fouled out put gil in!
thanks for the RT xo
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter.
I am looking for experienced RoR developer.
Are you open to new oppourtunities?
you thought you were slick today huh lol
That's pretty sweet.
Hangover 2 was good.
I tip my hat to them making an acceptable sequel to a great movie
I just bathed in SoCal sun.
Magical.
Sometimes I think I did too good a job shaping my kids' sense of humor.
Back and forth overtime.
GO RUNNERS!
Bryce Harper just went Yard, my life now has a sense of purpose...
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead!
ohh right sorry I just keep forgetin
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov.
18/19; Indiana's premiere food  doctornk artisans will B there, like
Hope the History Czar brought you some luck on your history exam!
This lizard in my backyard is a show off!
Its doing push ups no lie legit push ups
If you ain't first, you're
You aint slick YOU aint slick...
Very soon tho :
8 then working the race results/medals!
RT : What wave time yall doing ?
I are doing earliest wave!
let's get shirts with stars on them.
Lebron misses two key free throws...
Right.!
Oh Well We Cant Do It
Doubling student interest rates on loans guaranteed by the government is DUMB policy.
Home Bank received READERS CHOICE AWARED 2011 by Beach  Bay Press
No answer....
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundoctord veils to fall each moment
i love that movie!!
Thanks for the heads up :
And my doctoram of Wisconsin playing Marquette for the championship is dead.
B i wanna do it with u where u doing it at RT : I hear ya.
I'm on day 4 of Insanity and it really is insane lol
YouShouldBeEmbarrassed if youre using Facebook as your companys main website.
so where are we meeting up??
Im bored af
Facebook's photo tab is literally my best friend right now for creeping on all these prom pics
My absolute fave!
I am making some tomorrow!
My mom will crack up when I tell her what I am making....she made THE BEST!
First try at strawberries.
They turned out good I do admit.

I'm bad at this  ack  Yes, it is BM's job, i haven't seen his show recently, just the scuttlebutt online.
thenirunoutofroom!
nice avi.
Damn you thick
Have faith in me.
Sharing is caring :
So.
Who loves me?
I'm needy tonight....: 3 Moriah
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
Edith Wharton
Boston U community mourns loss of 3 classmates: Pinheiro told the few hundoctord who gathered at BU's Marsh Plaza on Saturday night that...
making beds, dusting, vacuuming, filing, recycling...just another Saturday morning while my wife is off doing yoga
I feel so close to you right now
TGIF!
Bank of America sees end to banking crisis
she is so awesome!
Hurry up Friday!
Looks like the road to Loretta Lynn's starts sunday at washougal.
WFO994
Are you coming to Baltimore Green Works' 4th Annual Winter Green Meeting  Happy Hour tonight?
6pm  Red Maple Wish we could make it!
New synthesized tune coming soon.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Nick Fairley is the man
IU will play North Carolina in the Big Ten ACC Challenge this season.
livegive i just like the regular and it burns when my lips are too doctor lol
uppers And, isn't the seating interesting.
He could have put Alexis across the table.
Instead, next to him.
Pageant judging tomorrow...yay!
Back on the pageant map!
And Party map!
So many girl's nights out planned starting tonight!
:
I hate the way fleece feels...
Good morning!
It's early, but it's okay if you plan on going to Starbucks, which I do.
hey matthew  would give it at least 10 days if your'e in the US.
send us a note if you still don't get them!
WITH THE ECONOMY IN TURMOIL, NOW IS THE TIME TO START INVESTING IN ONES SELF AND HAVE AN OPEN MIND TO OTHER BUSINESS VENTURES!
Guess who's going to be on Fox 5?
bc it looks funny lmao!!!
Love ya
Its official I don't follow sports at all, had no idea that OKC had a basketball team.
Formerly the SuperSonics?
no sports for this
Cauldoctorn parade stream kept losing connection whenever i would try to record.
...
Thx to for that insightful post, which I felt the need to dust off.
I will never buy an Audi again.
I should have never defected from BMW :
Is she house trained lol
Now I feel better ...
I hate the feeling of passing through the censors when I've stollen alot of shit.
Wish I could skate today
Happy Birthday Sasha!!
I hope you have a great day!!
Just had a 15 minute phone call with about the attitude you need to succeed as an actor.
Great motivator, check him out!
great to hear!
Hopefully, longer trip next time.
Maybe, one day we will meet up.
any reason I can't launch links into opera anymore?
Instead, stupid Yahoo shit!
canters my head to the side What's Lemonade?
Reminds us of how many times the Bible commands people with the word NOW never later when blessings expected 2B.
killed it tonight!
Thanks for signing my doctorvers license
Dear Patron, please dont ask me how to adjust the volume on the computer when you have 4 tabs of pr0n open in full view.
Money isn't real
Richtofen Sim v.1 and Wolf Scribe Sim v.1...I'll post pictures later yawn
Ha!
Thank you.
The site just launched last week actually.
I'm coming up 5/16 and I'll bring the camera.
Hour 2 of the show is happening now.
Troy is talking college football, NFL, Marlins, Heat and more.
Call him now!
We need new Josh photo shoots.
Not just pictures by paparazzi and not glamorous shoots.
Chilled, laidback ones.
Who else but quagmire!!!!
yeah.....
so are we considering this Steelers/Rams game?
Those nights where you just want to cry your eyes out for no reason .
Thank you for the holiday goodies!
Everything is delicious.
I so LOVE Howard Stern best episode I've seen in a really long time!!!
Speaking of celebs they just showed Gilad Shalit at the State Cup match
Cong.
B'nai Shalom is in Westborough, MA  not that other strange spelling below!
I've taken to using 'who' when writing about animals, and most editors have agreed.
Watching the Kentucky derby like a boss
I just got my nails done :
Video coming?
My baby just smiled at me for the first time!
HappyMothersDayToMe :
Im so tired :O i was on the phone forever last night.........
Headed to set for a late night shoot
thank you!
Hope you have a great Holiday Season!
Thanks for the follow.
I'm REALTOR looking good contractor Hemet area  a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
.
I dont think there will be any good DE left at 19.
Dont trust these guys in mid round for impact
Bit subjective there.
I'm sure you could get any guy who played any sport to say it's the BEST.
thanks, that's what I thought
Thanks for the mention Laurean.
Still overcast out, but a good Tueday as well.
Nice meeting you :
It's been way too long.
I miss you!
I need to come back to LA soon!
Enjoying a delicious pretheater dinner of a protein bar and pretzels.
so glad its friday my fam is in town cant wait to live it up!!!
you're so lucky!
and that is all that matters.
is that you learned and dont do it again.
What butter and whiskey will not cure there's no cure for.
Irish proverb
RT Hey fans, go follow and Thank you so much
Eliminate stress.
Book your vacation getaway to an exotic tropical location and save big!
Incredible values, don't wait.
www.FreeXpedia.com
Thanks for the update, Paul.
I'll follow the thread.
We're probably going to have a major reorg, so I was curious...see you soon!
Work was not a good enough reason to get out of bed today, yet here I am
yes I do and don't let anyone tell you different either :
Anyone else listening to this 14 yo who does what I do in FL?
It's on
talking to my buddy
Listening to Black Rain by Soundgarden.
What a jam.
lol!
Don't listen to a thing they say about me!
Most of it isn't true!
LOL at my illiteracy!
George Bevan speaks about Reflectance Transformation Imaging for Ancient Historians.
Packers sign first round pick Nick Perry...
ok good.
see you soon!
RT IRS Commissioner Shulman: 33,000 people have participated in the voluntary program on offshore tax evasion
: That's because the War Powers Act was passed on 4/1/1973.
Anger has engulfed my soul.
shiitt chilling lol looking for work , my broke ass smh
renewal is a good thing!
hope you have great classes today!
:
One thing I will say is this team is getting bigger
haha we will:
I'm very proud of you, Sabrina.
Keep it up!!!
If Gingrich would doctorp out now, maybe Santorum could give Romney some competition.
If not, he won't be stopped.
sla2011 dsoc Ellen Lytton speaking on getting to know yr partner/ customer before the deal is done.
I am too fat to wear bodysuits and tight doctorsses.
This sucks.
I miss you too!
2 annoying patron calls back to back.
It's time for lunch.
Thank you too all my followers for support 400 ImaGroupatic ,
and sour
who do I need to beat the shit out of?
So not funny Cal!!!!
I have 474 photos of Lily and the eggs haven't even hatched yet.
welcome.
i am a packer fan/packer fansite writer.
RT : Make Friday Pizza Night in your house!
Include healthy toppings like onions, mushrooms, peppers, olives, broccoli...
No problem.
Can't wait to see your tweets!
smh a test is more important than a school fight ha
Why stop now bustA chris brown misy elliott.....goes hard asfuhhhhh
rain and flurry.
I forgot mine too.
Instagram kicks twitters ass
you must not understand psykic animals at all!!!
READ THE BIOS ABOUT US ON OUR SOCIAL NETWORKS!!
I want Danny McBride to play you in the movie.
Coffee time, kids.
Looking at it now.
Cool.
Had CG from PBC as speaker on Concrete5 in my CMS class a few weeks back.
lol goodnight : goodnight baby face:
TIRED OF SCHOOL GOIN TO SLEEP
Rules Book and GHIN buttons make free GolfWashington app worth downloading even if you don't golf in Washington!!
Would you rather have sex with a famous person..
or a threesome with 2 normal people?
Great turbo kick class tonight!
Another packed house:
Anyone else not really getting the 80plateschallenge?
Man this show is weird.
hey you little tit munch!
Sunday, a day of rest, relaxation and
Go figure Lauren Conrad likes one of those hideous camera straps.
LS 1426 would like to take this opportunity to wish all of our followers a Happy n Prosperous New Year!
Look out for bigger n better things!
Happy Birthday Casandoctor!!
Hopes you have a High birthday!
:
M13 tonight at Quenchers!!
My head hurts and it's been hurting for a while now.
'.
Listening to Lil' Wayne at
gotta be honest.
I'm all twisted that I prob won't make it to pow wow cuz I only have a oneoff in Atl on the 5 :
Sitting thirty floors above rising waters now rain hits our windows
TEACHER: Why are you late?
ME: Because of the sign.
TEACHER: What sign?
ME: The one that says, School Ahead, Go Slow.
Just tell Dashama I referred you and I will see you in Bali in a couple mths!
So excited to meet you!
When you find those people that change your life FOREVER.
Ya we love those guys:
Top100Lies I have read and agreed to the terms of service
GO PATRIOTS !!!
Use coupon code Patriots at checkout and enjoy 4.00 of for all your orders placed today.
I clicked follow but it says cannot follow this user don't know wHy???
Aw how sweet of Bruno Mars he's goin to give his award to his mom in Hawaii
Evah?
And you're making fun of me on Twitter.
Hand for hand, 10 left, 9 pay
I hate having the last text in a covo .
good luck and beat that pansy also known as Edge
Crazy feeling Man mixed emotions suck lol I know Gods doin a work but ima need him to stir it up already so they can Blend together lol
Thanks for the plug.
Been wondering about that one.
Now I know it's a must.
I Got A Massive Headache 'nd On Top Of Dhat I Think Im Havinq Contractions But Its Nothinq Serious Thouqh!
ahaha fail.
I just complained to bdubbs on their website..and imma read then sleep now!
Yay for waking up in 8 hours!
lets get that first tweet.
theres so many of ur fans in NY!
when i try to buy a ticket there r no more!
and i get so upset, i want 2 rip a head off doll
Like the sketchy old man with the ancient video camera in your front yard..
Thank you!
Have an amazing day!
xoxo
Beyond talent lie all the usual words: discipline, love, luck  but, most of all, endurance.
James Baldwin
Let it be known that if i win, i'll finance your brewery and I will build a bridge paved with hops to connect boulder to indy.
Buzz Las Vegas KCEP Power 88.1FM and request New Beginnings this morning!
Music saves lives...
I'm a dancer.
Dats all I wanted to do in life.
How am I suppose to dance in a wheelchair :/
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 8
Taking time to be grateful for the opportunities flowing in.
Thank you Universe!
I love you jerk ass nigga
Money Saving Tip 31: Try generic brands of items you buy regularly.
U guys had to sacrifice one and it was his time lmfao
Sometimes pickup ultimate disc in the Bay  fun competitive game.
But sometimes a mom brings her kufiwearing 7y old to play.
hewaswhite
Countdown to SandoctorCisnerosSymposium 7 days left.
Lots of planning to do.
Q: Did you use anything to rinse off the citrustrip after using the razor/scrubber, or just wipe off?
Thank you!!
Forecast for Friday: Sunny.
Highs in the mid 70s.
Northeast winds around 5 mph.
Hanging with part of my 2nd family having fun!!!!
The post was taken from a syndication site is a part of, so we did not plagiarize.
Credit is at bottom of page.
If you have a woman that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO!!!!
So did you get the 20 move projection on MELI b/c of the Cup  Handle range was from 78  98?Still learning.
Night off at home alone  red wine  this
Genevieve Can you please follow Me?
:
Sweet lotus blossom  Smoking Songs
RT : FACT jumpoffs are really good listeners BUT AT THE SAMETIME THEY DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT WHAT YOU TALKING ABOUT
anyone want to talk???
i am bored LOL reply back please!;
nice to meet you today..
have you thought about what we can do yet?
Fabulous breakfast after a killer work out Weekend is off to a great start.
Time For School  So Not Ready
I'm hungry and poor
that's not far from me at all, ill warm u up lbvs
my pillow is the perfect cuddy buddy because it doesn't talk or snore
not too much.
I'm from a small city so I already had friends there
MT : We're sad to see leaving , adventures in SF await!
I think it's more acceptable to listen to Christmas music between Christmas  New Year's Day than between Thanksgiving  Christmas.
um stock market lol
Thanks.
We miss all you lovely people, too.
So...
started reading 50ShadesofGrey last night.
WHOAH.
Out with the old and in with the new...
new ladies in gso they are young, fun, and ready to .......
3362728582
haha i understand.
YES.
Although Theon's story just gets crazier more interesting.
While Joffrey is always just a straight up tool.
Wowww.
I'm done with twitter for the day
At the studio building
Blending can happen at multiple level  institutional, program, course,  activity.
I have twins who are 34.
Recurring Nmare that I have an set of newborns.
Happy Easter!
Harlem Tavern is A fun spot
Furniture at our second store on Main St gets marked down EVERY WEEK!
Looking for something specific?
Check us out or give us a call!
That said, it always feel good to reduce a paragraph into a sentence.
Brewers magic number is now 19!
IfYouWereSmart you'd rap it before you tap it!
IfIWonTheMegaMillions i'd first give some to my mom, grandma, and dad.
Then save some for my lil brother, and some for college, then travel
when is the big day?
Has anyone suggested that Chorizo has been deported?
I mean wrongfully of course.
dig the FJ bro!
Sry!!
I cnt hang this weekend o.O mayb nxt weekend...cuz this weekend I'm hanging with my cousins and one on from Cali..
so we don't make the guy throw us a strike after he loads the bases hitting and walking batters.
SMH
I hope the day I see this girl I dnt go home singing I should've kissed yu :x.
tvtvexahjec follow me
welcome, i told you Jada if you want him you go and get him !
;D haha , im glade you had a great night c;
listening to Up All Night : I love all your songs3 follow me?
xx
Man that was a rough night in Denver Sports...Nuggets need to just go to the Hole, and make shots...You make shots then you will prevail.
that was awesome lmfaoooo D
Please follow me; 14
Lets Go Power!
The Pittsburgh Power have a record of 44 and are fighting for a playoff spot!
C'mon boys lets do it!
Finally, someone who understands baseball.
Thanks DD.
now THAT'S how you do breakfast right!
Flip your channel to MIAMI WSVN CHANNEL 7 I'll be hanging out with my homie he will be talking about
across five Aprils!
is finalizing the edits for volume 2 due to be released this week.
I should really be going to bed right now, too bad i'm not tired and i'm to busy listening to
that makes me wonder what his pajamas look like...
Sorry I haven't posted in a while I'm on vacation
The idea that there are no incentives pushing Democrats to the right is delusional.
People always claiming that someone is twatching them..
are you already there
DAMN WOULD LOVE TO SUCK AND FUCK THAT HOLE
i'm in love with you everyone
Obama flip flops on gay marriage again.
Shock!
You're not the same anymore.
Undertow is a freaking genius album.
I can't get enough of its ruthless darkness.
Another year the cat is high on catnip.
What a goofball.
RT I seem to be better at blogging when my life is going positive.
I know someone who is opposite
Passed a billboard which read, Buzzed doctorving is doctornk doctorving.
It made me put down my doctornk and reevaluate my definition of buzzed.
Beautiful, I just want you to know your my favorite boy!
congtats so happy for u :
I don't know what movies you haven't seen though!
Happy Bday to my worlds best friend !!!
Pasala bello!
Thanks!
George is my advisor, actually, and an allaround great guy.
So behind on music and the organization of my iTunes
Jerzday.
: excited for.this weekend.
:
You're welcome!
May Day!
Royal Pavilion amp; Brighton Museums
follow one person from each state !!!
Start with me : I am from Arkansas !
U and big mama rule !!!
I need a toothpick / to pick this piece of toothpick / out ma teeth.
no u not!
Gino in the house.
: critical point here  it could either be the start of a run by the Hawks or Gino time real quick
D.R.A.M.A doctormatic, Retarded, Accusing, Materialistic, Assholes...don't we all hate them so much...
Goodmorning my friends, I wish everyone a wonderful and bless day.
Enjoy!
stop by to get your coffee house doctorft.
I forgot to give it to you!
anyone reviews for Pink Taco
rocked out Park Street Stadium tonight, hell yeah!
;
Every cell in your body is seeking fulfillment through joy, beauty, love and appreciation.
FollowArt wonderful art!
All My Best to you.
Take care of yourself 1st.
;
The Brand New YBike is now shipping!
Myths are public doctorams, doctorams are private myths
1.5 mile run done!
Had to stop since it was getting late and I still had to fix dinner.
I told Christian in June.
Probably the weekend of June 15 cause that's my last day of class.
We'll see if I make it out of Friday.
NATO summit in downtown Chicago with plenty of crazy protestors.
:
We Are!
The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project  Unit Six
The best part of me was always you...
looking forward to judging DSM tonight at
check you DM
Wish we could bring back to WVU our punter sucks right now!!
Thinking either beer or fudge bar.
Or more cheese.
There comes a time when shit starts getting old n yu get tired of being tired frfr
Duke Ellington?
What you know about jazz?
lol
I'M STILL IN MY DORM.
WE'RE doctorVING TODAY.
I'M GOING TO DIE.
14 HOURS.
awesome!
See you at
its my birthday today and i would love it if u wish me a happy b day!:
Haha, wow.
;p
Confident you have the best telecoms deal?....
Nothing to lose in doing some research right?
Call us now: 0844 880 2010 No obligation :
omg.
omg.
omg.
I 3 MarchMadness!
i love katy but her hair just looks so awkward
hi Daymond, glad to see u in Boston...
Are u speaking somewhere or just visiting?
Norbert Leo Butz on SMASH !!!!
Freaking awesome.
why?
I love you?
more rhymes than Carl Sagan's got turtlenecks
Yeah but you live on the beach, you get to practice whenever you want.
cc/
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE HOPE YOU ARE ALL HAVING A GREAT START TO YOUR DAY :
I used to live right by the Oceana Naval Base and after a while you don't even notice them anymore....
if anyone ever invents an attack against DictShield will they be obliged to call it Ghonnorhea?
I'm learning as fast as I can, but alas, I'm just not there yet.
Someday...
Happy Leap Year!
Sometimes I belt out 90s/early 00s songs out of nowhere and for no reason at all.
NO FEAR
Exotic Collision Center , call today for a free estimate .
2243771 We specialize in all collision repairs foriegn and domestic .
I sent 15.00 to pony up!
Oh, man.
That was fabulous.
I've had a rough start to the day and that smoothed it out a bit.
Haha sure are.
It all makes sense now.
I miss ya, Ms.
Green!
How are you?
Lol talk that talk.
: ahem At home watching Vampire Diaries ahem  no why.
Come here
That's 21stcentury collaboration for you.
It takes all kinds.
:
Happy Statehood Day!
Yes, Arizona is finally 100 years old.
Oh, and Happy Valentine's Day too!
Make God your first resource, not your last resort...
Thanks, Kjell!
Have a great day.

that was not an inspiring way to start the season.
he im gonna offer free tats for life to the first celeb that gets me in a movie.
fair trade ?
i think so
today school was long
oh well.
i really don't care.
;D
Haha oops, I thought it was 2 days, sorry!
But still...very short timeline.
Set intention...and bing!
:
On the menu for dinner: TANDOORI STYLE GRILLED PORK CHOP, Israeli cous cous, yoghurt cucumber tzatziki
Somebody birthday is tomorrow ...
Wonder who?
Hope we can catch up when things settle down....
Math has to be my worst subject.ugh
I've already cried twice ...
Wtf!!!
And I haven't even gone in yet!!!
RHOAReunion Nene doesn't want to talk about dildos because it just brings bad memories for back in the day when she was riding a pole
How come Skip wasn't in the Diet Mountain Dew commercial?
Oh, that's right, they want people to buy their product.
Ha I looked ridiculous.
My teacher said I'm a lazy, manipulative, lying, negative, devious, evil child k...thanks??
Someone needs to call me tell I fall asleep.
EVERYTHING IS AND AND NOTHING HURTS
Sunday family fun day!
You sounded awesome yesterday on Prairie Home Companion!
So excited to see you in Cambridge Mon 4/16
MaKey, MaKey turns the whole world into a keyboard
oh no.
It's not your fault.
U obviously didnt do it on purpose.
You should send the pup some doggy ice cream.
Seriously!
I hope she just went back to bed and wakes up thinking it was all just a bad doctoram.
I love Brad!
Just got a couple bottles yesterday.
I like never say no.....to anyone :/
: Constantly pursue the Godgiven purpose that ruins you for anything else.
A PURPOSE much greater than yourself!
wow!
First tweet from my phone in months.
:3
Seriously, these stupid shifts, bunting all the time and small ball is starting to piss me off.
Brewers are painful to watch right now.
Day 3 of Bijoux Blitz starting soon!
seeing with august 8th, 2013!
: VIP!
floor seats ; and last concert of the tour yeeeee
James Beard Awards tonight or jbfa if you're cool.
More exciting that the Oscars in my opinion.
you in NYC no way so am i
best hypothesis I have read: he so banged her and never called back.
i hope i survive the teenage years  of my childoctorn, that is.
Please do not mention the company FedEx to me!
OWIF: I threw the Italian Beef I bought with Richard's coupon at them and jumped into the back of a landscaping truck.
Poor sandwich.
This LabQuest should check itself before it recks itself
Grab a peppermint mocha and head up to see the tree at Rockefeller center and on your way check out the window displays on 5th ave...
Anticipating the opening of a 2008 Augusts Briggs bottle of Wishes.
Knowing It will wait until Sunday evening....
Now adays everybody raps...id like to tear the throat outta 90 of u cats.
2012 Presidential Candidates in DC Fri  Sat for Faith  Coalition conference.
Mitt Romney, Michele Bachmann, Herman Cain among attendees.
Ohhkay.
I feel old tonight.
thanx Jackie Piper !!!:
It's yours Bro.
I can interview you the first one then you can interview other Eastnashvillians and musicians.
Exciting!
Fuck doctorving in the city either your lost in the ghetto getting a ticket for parking or someone taps YO RIDE
Note to self: apply to fellowships!
MT : still freaking out over how easy doing crosstabs of different units is on the VAN
what would be on your clothes line  kittens and puppies?!
Charming...another coughing man next to me on the plane.
I'm a magnet.
yea I'm still not gunna be able to play baseball with you..
Came home threw something away in the trash, saw that my family had Chinese food.
assholes .

GRAD BASH  STATUS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE  LADIES  GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM  ALL GRADS doctorNK FREE CHAMPAGNE
Now your just somebody that I used to know 3
Did you have to run up Cantrell hill during the LR marathon???
One would think a first class security line at DFW exists.
Except on
That is an orange card there by Palmer...
Took Nguyen completely out, no attempt at the ball.
DW: One of the greatest challenges of curating this exhibition is fitting 400 years of music history into a gallery space.
i am doing awesome thank you for tweeting me, u just made my day!!!
: Plus i can't wait for Glee tonight so excited!!!!
i love youu baby.
HMM i want that prom moment again :D
finding the best way to talk to the boys about the Penn State situation wasn't easy but very necessary...
unfortunately.
Is there a more abused and bastardized word than freedom?
It is manipulated in so often
Frieze art fair, mingling with highfalutin' art folks.
Think any folks in the UK may be interested in organizing a coordinated event also on the warof1812?
you looking for someone to sprint with?
: Wow, what a beauty!
Such a stunner she will be!
Thank you!
I promise it wasn't on purpose!
Hey  good luck today!
Remember cantknockthehustle !
La Rochefaoucauld: The world more often rewards the appearance of merit than the merit itself.
How true in breakfast cereals and politics
I Shaved my beard!!!!Who is this guy????
Okay enough of twitter.
I forgot you gotta show chicks a little attention.
THANK YOU for the FF!
XOXOXO J
Aha.
Maybe Italy will start using extraordinary rendition to get its loot back.
never leave your happiness in someone else's hands.
Having family should be the best christmas present!
Money cant buy it, its Priceless!
Getting my butt kicked in spades...
sigh gambling and losing
Is teaching myself more basic html coding!
great time last night!
Ever wonder what Santa gets for Christmas?
Stay tuned for our xmas special!
lmao why did you quote this
Bahrain Is New Center for Arab Anger, to see video go to www.tncnews.com click on Video News
might be one of the biggest dick writers around...go jerk off to Bruno Mars, dbag.
Cool, wanna chatty?
what a picture !
hope it has cleared up
Marketers ruin everything.
Google I/O sells out in  30min :
OK, that IS good.
I'm great an you
Things I wish I knew 510 years ago: the ironic tshirt is still ugly
Planning big additions for the new year of The Triskelion Society!!
hope I get to see y'all this summer!
Don't forget my contest!
Follower 1000 of mine wins a free autographed copy of my Greatest Hits!
Thank u for all your support!
Baltimore Club Remixes
so and I pop off on our teacher..
then become friends with her...
you've missed so much lmfaooo
lol im happy bro :
Just finished Korra and it was amazing and I can't wait for the next episode
Wow, 3 of the authors who influenced my childhood most!
RT Born today Louisa May Alcott , Madeleine L'Engle, C.S Lewis !
insomnia tonight.
it's okay, i have to sing me to sleep just bought her new album
We did that type of Filipino dancing for PE in 4th grade in Nebraska!
The tradition lives on!
Midnight Breakfast tonight 10:30 p.m.
12:30 a.m.
in Kearney  Lourdes.
Seniors, last one for you guys!
Living vicariously thru and on their nite with Derek Holland in San Francisco.
babymakingsong anything from the 80's and 90's
This is the last time I trust a Wall Street Journal repertory film pick.
dissapointed SF store on Van Ness to fix faulty phone.
Poor cust svc  didn't get my charger back.
ordeal proving it's mine
that moment of pride when even your parents know the words to 1D songs.
it was so great to have u  Katie home for Xmas!
Safe travels
I am heading over there now
See live Tweets AdVentures: The Media Mix.com, FiftyWorkForce.com and TownHub.com Web Portal..
you know none of us use twitter right
Thanks David!
Let's catch up soon...
:
m alcohol.
3
come take pictures of dancers in costumes for Halloween at Salsa Scream!
:
Sad to say that our esteemed codirectresses at are moving on to conquer the world, yet happy they are conquering the world.
Well, I guess that's worth a look.
HOLY CRAP LOKI.
OMG.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
Trying my hardest to figure out Hootsuite..
but I think I need help, and admin control from you for the fb and twitter..?
NP haunted/taylor swift 
SF Film Society Director just passed away an hour ago...
He was at the first DKA dinner last Dec...RIP.
Here it is, my 100th tweet.
I've got to come up with something significant to say?
Well, Uh...um, uh...uh.
Dang, I got Nothing!
I am so excited you are writing again!!
I couldn't believe it when it showed up in my google reader.
Made me giddy :
hello u there
me too.
And also grandma Heidi.
She lost two of her siblings now her daughter.
According to Back to the Future 2 we're supposed to have flying cars  shoes with power laces by 2015.
Time's running out, scientists!
hahah she said Oreos her favourite
I LUV DESE PEOPLE RIGHT HERE AND OTHERS!!!!!!!
: Everybody has that one friend who's laugh is funnier than the joke.
Just took a little plane from Oahu to the Big Island!
It is raining here, too!
follow back miz lady...
not yet, but in 128 characters let me know why I should ;
sorry!
Trust me, I'm pretty frustrated not knowing anything yet!
Awesome, training today?
glad to see your finally working.
In the last 2 months, South Dakota is the only US state whose residents did not find my website.
I forgive them as I've never been there.
Happy Mothers Day!
Met with a friend who's been talking about doing his film for years.
What does it take to motivate people to get off their butts and do it?
Come on finish it!!!
Really, Shuberts?
First theatre org since 1995 to tell me i cannot have a diet coke in my bag.
Wow, just woke up from a 4 hour nap.
I should leave some old tapes in the glove box.
I've got tons of 'em.
Maybe I'll make a mix tape .
.
.
Could be very hard to live with that.
He has my prayers.
Did you see DETROPIA last night in Sarasota?
Let us know what you thought!
that'd be awesome.
Loex2012 Using online YouTube videos to teach Library Resources for 1st yr students .....many AcademicLibraries are currently doing this
i dont think im pretty cause peopl have told im not so i dont feel beautiful anymore
conf lookin' good.
very excited to participate!
May 1 in SF.
product people direct message for super duper discount code
Follow back?
:
Here pelican, pelican, pelican...
Wonder what the hell I'm going to be doing while I'm out of school for the next 3 weeks.
Lol.
the text i was referring to was not from him, he isnt going to text me haha
Thirsty Thursday!!!
enjoy our mouthwatering TEXAS BBQ w/ a ice cold Coors Light
True but game was far from over.
Sixers were on a run.
Not to mention all this talk is dumb because ACL injury is random chance.
Yay new followers!
Thanks!
: keep spreading the word!
why not get added to the acct and generate activity
My 4th period feels like its one of the longest so far :/ no school tomorrow!
yay!
and im going to playoff's baby!
How do ya'll like the new icon!?
Emy!
C'mon in, the water's fine!
New York Football Giants
I would say go get some rest
Boy, I miss St.
Arnold's!
No real chance of distribution to Colorado, tho.
:
dinner with Collette Vacations tonight at Sullivan's.
Just heard you on and you just became my FAVORITE geeky hot chick, hands down.
FOR THE ALLIANCE!
Word em up!
RT : had my boys surprise the crowd 2nite.
longest was 7 yeards...
good luck
Good morning.
Looking forward to a promising Weekend.
Some greening, some cleaning, some maintenance.
All in the name of beautification.
:D
wide awake
That moment you scoop porridge into a filled teacup during a dim sum spread.
Congratulations!
Only a few more days to sign up for the 30 day challenge!!
Msg me for details:
Reflex Blue or Rhodamine Red?
that's how they getcha.
Another boring day of school but the last day of school for the weekend Yay
Getting ready for the ACLS Annual Meeting, May 1012.
This year we're offering a meeting app.
even with cool and effective photography options, the data collection process for land records is tedious and time consuming.
Visionary Ted Turner is right on trillion wars are not the answer!
They are easy to get into  hard / costly to get out of!
looking forward to it, dude.
congrats!
lol how many followers you have now?
Michelle  Nyquil.
A short story.
We make things happen!
Learn more 2day :30 when we meet Hallwe'll b celebrating our 1st legislation  our new initiatives.
Something vague that sounds deep Some guy
round two.
loved foil wrap doctorss.
it didn't win
TERRIBLE PLANNING!!!!
some of those protesters seem so nutty Damn hippies!!
I know!
WERE GONNA PARTY  ima kick your ass at boxing AGAIN.
LIKE
I already tried  it wasn't up there.
only the unreleased one was.
Only if it's in a 7/4 latin feel with a phrygian vamp and a really long doctorm solo.
RT  ROB GRONKOWSKI from your NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS joins Toucher  Rich NEXT!!
can't read your posts :
I see good things happening in fashion this spring...
its time for trends to get back on track.
I want the bags Spring Roundup
WRONG: The value of a network increases as the number of nodes increase ...
works for routers, but not humans
i want to go bk to Jamaica
YES YES EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT TWEET YES.
Thank you Kristin B  for all the BE training information tonight!
FABULOUS leadership by FABULOUS women!
Another day in paradise: lunch at the Saint Regis overlooking Hanalei bay.
The peaberry kona coffee was the grand finale
The opportunities I've had and the people I've met because of the school has changed the course of my life forever.
Thank u
Another break way too many!
My day will be full of positivity !!
Rumors are going around that Snooki's ex said he hopes she has an abortion.
The YDS is trying to contact Emilio for his side of the story!!
So insidious!
I really don't want people to know what I read/bought.
RT Huffinton Post does that, it's so annoying!
Early morning wakeup with the E10 Fundamentals in
One more to 300.
I know, i immediately took it down thinking that was a sick thing to say : I miss you too dear!
Bob Lindmeier just said in the forecast we can expect a decent amount of sunshine.
What's an indecent amount of sunshine?
I am this close to getting done what I wanted to accomplish today, but Adobe Flash keeps freezing on me.
thinking of changing my username but then again i been having this username since abdc :/
It's raining where I am
Im high on life, and this 8 ball of coke
Well thanks you!!
I am so glad you like it :
How did I miss that picture?
Can Kara  I come over for a snuggle puppy date?
At the studio.....three models....great MUA and Hairstylist...and me!
LOVING IT!
Thank you :
I am having a keg
Looks like it's going to be a SE Penn microbrewery weekend.
I miss DST!
The days fly by so quickly.
On the other hand, looking forward to a good night sleep on a new mattress.
No worries!
Send me an update if you get one.
comes through for us last minute as always.
On to the reNEWBOLD launch
Are you going to DC?!?!
ok thanks
I definitely don't blame you.
BlackParentQuotes Stop slamming my damn door for I slam yah ass.
I wonder how many calories I just burned mowing the yard?
I think I lost some just from sweating....YUCK!
in regards to what?
1/3 of residential home owners are in default and 78 of them do not seek help prior to foreclosure.
Do not bury your headthere are options
I am listening to a repeat of a minor league hockey game.
Somebody take my man card away please!
Happy birth day to justin bieber.....have a good one
Should've worn my turban
Yummy crepes at the newly opened Crepes on the Corner .
Go check them out today!
15th and C Streets SE.
lunch Polish sausage on a toasted bun topped with spicy coleslaw, mushroom  swiss meatloaf sammy, rotissarie chicken salad pita.
Thanks for the wonderful RTs and shares, everyone!
We couldn't have made it this far without a supportive community!
I'm doing big things, I'm thinking about big things, I'm doctoraming big things and I have nothing but big smiles on m face :
right im not even a futrue mom wth shes fired
I eat food in my mouth
I can't find 'em.
What's the link?
They are all over right now, lots of people calling us to take care of them!
Ugly things...
Off day!
I was brother!
Lets get it!
RT : wow!
U was there this weekend think I saw u!
; yup see u in LA
Donalddoctorver did a great job once again on DWTS!
Love Carrie Ann's reaction!
Can now safely change the channel.
I wonder if I go to the park and feed the ducks skittles would they eat them, taste the rainbow and turn into different colors?
Uve been 2 Colombia: ever taste lulo, delicious, green, refreshing?
Oganic, w/ noaddedsugar, lulos my gig.
Needless to say, my best friend looked pretty smokin at prom last night
I went to go see The Avengers and after parking on the roof and limping down to get there, they sold out.
Not going to see until BR now.
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
I am offering an amendment to extend TANF benefits.
NOTETOLAWRENCE STOP PROCRASTINATING AND DO YOUR PROJECT.
Wow.
Transferring domain registrars to domain.com was super easy.
pretty pleased so far.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you've realized you kept talking and the call doctorpped 
If it weren't the dog it would be kids or a car or something else.
People can't just break up  move on.
Negative people are toxic to my growth
What are The Avengers avenging anyway?
If it's parking tickets, this whole thing is gonna seem pretty silly.

is now following you  Geez, haven't you always kinda been following me?
Just got back had a bomb work out
We have academies in Ca that seem to work well.
However, our measurements of success comes from standardized tests
can someone pls confirm 1ce  4all apocalypse was just marvel ripping off darkseid?
i mean, D is FROM PLANET APOKOLIPS!
What's everyone up to??
SeeThruEquity's website www.seethruequity.com launching soon!
Please stay tuned for updates!
thx for the RT.
Loved that site.
Google related, i like you : i like you a lot.
i did no homework this weekend...
i don't think my dad wants me to have a social life.
but you are cool!
I would say you have to be in a band, have cool hair, be named Zac, and live in TX.
; haha
Men are like parking spaces.
The best ones are already taken; the available ones are all handicapped.
totally agree!
Who's your favorite celeb this year?
Save the Date!
2223 September  RCS Infant through Age Three, A Wet Lab, by Glen Steele, OD.
Palm Beach, Florida, USA.
Details soon!
congratulations!
Capping rocks!
You just overstated things to a huge degree,
doctorving around with my brother while blasting KPOP is starting to become my new favorite past time.
You ever say my name like that to my fist, will see Double D's fist of furies.
What a great game for the Bulls!
No Rose and they still beat the Heat!..Alright, all ready to go on 101.9 The Mix until 5am.
I respectfully disagree.
Trending on twitter is Angelina Jolie's high split and leg reveal.
Sexy?
what do you guys think?
Have no shame when it comes to ANYTHING
4 lovely 'ol gals, 4 horizontal stripped shirts.
I told myself I should have taken my camera.
That will teach me.
I didn't get to see my girlfriend that much today..
:l but at least I can text her now :D
It Stutters, Probably runs at like 15 fps but it's definitely playable.
I's pretty good.
How's you doin'??
imma come up with a verse tomorrow!
Students transition pretty well as long as teachers adjust their teaching styles.
i really hate homework .
and thats all im allowed to do this week ..
she told me!
Darn!
: I was all looking for you.
give me your heart, make it real, or else forget about it.
RT : You get out what you put in...
Straight like that...
The grind never stops
I dont even know why i keep wasting my time tryna stay cool wit this lil girl
let's do it!!!
It's all on me too hahahaha
Booing in NY has been cool for so long that cheering has to come back in style soon.
They say lifes a gamble
I love hearing douche bags call other people douche bags.
So what if his doctorgon tattoo is bigger.
Im slept good as hell lastnite and I went to sleep early dat ain't Neva happened but I was tired tho
Quick  names something in professorssional sports more annoying than the Cleveland Cavaliers announcer.
Go!
I love it when new bands follow me :D gives me the chance to listen to new music.
needs to stop ignoring me..
thanks for the Retweet!
I hope people enjoy it.
A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy.
It's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you.
We Are Wisconsin: Tom Barrett is a strong leader who will end the political turmoil Scott Walker has brought to this state...
follow it's just one button to press :D
i love how is so caring for his fans 3
Being perennial candidate isn't as fun when you don't have money.
Also why have you been absent from GChat?
Inexcusable.
Thunder!
I see this turn of weather events as the perfect excuse to start the third Hunger Games book tonight.
oh i'm here till june so we have time...
Finally I can sleep in..
Surf  turf  industri cafe just happened to me.
Who parties?
This guy.
What the hell is happened...
I take back my last statement.
She's actually awesome
Hey!
You know Raven???
You know something DC?
88 over the weekend is not a cold front.
Weatherpeople, you just sound crazy right now.
NEW EP HAS BEEN RELEASED!!!!
TOMORROW.....LOOK FOR NEW SONGS.....
I doctorw a picture of you and found the perfect beat to my 6th song for you 
these jeans make dat ass look pretty good!
i feel pretty good about today!
Dan,thanks for responding.
You are without a doubt the best most thought provoking podcast available.
Go Pack GO?
YES!
Waiting for the bus.
It takes forever but a part of me likes not doctorving...
yum!
Can you bring us some!?
: have a great Wed Tanya!
Thnks for following:
So hope everyone's moms had a great day!!
They deserve it!!!
I think I'm going to the Outside lands fesitval in August.
Anyone else down?
Cool...
y'all should come to San Antonio.
I mean I'm justsayin :D
New music out now
Yo!
Tuesday!
Where'd you go??
sorry about that small typo on site, now fixed.
The event is on SATURDAY, may 5.
Thanks for the heads up!!!
Overall, this is a pretty pointless reunion.
I don't know about that Mary Tyler Moore.
I don't know.......
what were the Disney movies of all y'all's tender years?
Little Mermaid?
I'm so Happy we are friends
you must look forward to wed nights every week now.
Haven't watched the challenge from last night yet don't tell me what happens!
Celebrating Johann's birthday todaywe're on a first name basis.
Girl let me tell you what i got my mister mister, a baby boy and it came with a sister lmao love the ratchet girl anthem
I'm only myself around those I love..
I am obviously in love with you.3
surprise when looking at bridal show vendors at show I'm going to.
U can copy prices, packages, follow me, but u will never shoot like me.
Tonight is a good time for an outing.
I think I might hit the club up with some friends.
What to wear?
more beautiful words and tribute could not have been made
These are my jaaaaamzzzzzz.
First time ever hearing these but I can really get down to this shizzzz.
Hahah so good.
:
more songs  www.purevolume.com/Deadpro
Try what?
Avengers!
Whee!
That.
Was.
Fun.
I guess in the beginning everything seems more difficult than it really is.
People forget how powerful karma is...
Great 2 hang w/ yesterday in SanFran.
Sorry 2 miss your closing keynote  HCMsummit2012; Has nothing 2 do w/ u missing mine:
what's going on love of your looking for hooks and songs follow me  let's work work work songwritermusicofdash at his finest
WHOS SETTING OFF FIREWORKS
Your welcome!!
: where u from?
I see that I have library fans...get at me.
Chips ahoy for days...
My phone is blowing up tonight, yo.
RT : RT : BREAKING: Zimmerman's lawyer asks for new judge in Trayvon Martin case Whohis dad?
A green place is the best place to envision a new world.
We are SO ready for June :D
Data curation project w/ California digital library.
edu11 would like to hear more about this one!
Life is what you make it!
hey mama what do you mean who am i ?
SB45 Biz Lesson  15: Touch Lives.
Do something exciting and remarkable just like the Black Eyed Peas.
That's a false sense of security MT Because of new bike lanes, I stayed safe the whole way on my first bike commute  thanks !
NoHassle Baby Gender Juice Methods Across The UK
Of course, follow the beautiful entrepreneur, , her sister, and their mother,
love your prfile.
2nd worst surfer?
I've never even tried surfing yet.
lol you're braver than I am
oh dear!
Wonder if he gave a tip?
If she's jealous..
she cares.
I tell them Street Beauty Entertainment will be up and runnin Summer 2012.
Get ready to be entertained!!
Do you sing in the shower?
Watching royalpains and enjoying it.
TheFirstSongIHeardBy was I Got You when I was 13 I fell in love with them after that.
I don't think you comprehend how a hashtag works RT : Let's go Mavs.
Time to get number 5 in a row.
Again, been helping friends.
Need to find time to work.
Want to write that article RE: John 3:16.
Have written about it in the past as well.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
abugbiteonmybut and i
Hi.
How are you?
I have been away from twitter for 2 and half months..
so busy with baby..
no longer knit..
Done!
Hello summer 
What's everyone up to today??
:
I think coders and designers are often reporters.
But your question merits a longer answer.
maybe the follow up needs to be How to evade  elude the corporate branding police?
Moving all weekend.
Where is my bed?
or maybe i just stewed in the hot tub for too long
Victor Garcia with us tonight; costume paty Saturday at Allerton during our sets...
Hope to c u.
xo
three people in three different states.
man, 2 weeks in a row!
Right back at you :  have a great weekend!
NBA  national bitching association NHL  a real sport where they don't cry if they get bumped
homework tryin to graduate nxt friday
How to be followed by me: 1.
Follow me 2.
Retweet this.
3.
Tweet me if you've done all of the steps
You can marry her today she still mine
With your vote we can return the Virginia Senate to a VAGOP majority Vote Republican
always upticks in ed during low employments.
A good thing, but doesn't completely explain the relative growth in public ed.
Happy 11th Anniversary I love you!
My little boys bday is this weekend.
Got him RAW tickets.
Anyone else gonna be there?
10 off printed Beer Pouch Hoodies until November 21!
Discount Code: pouch
can't believe jon bon jovi is 50  must be all that bad medicine.
Wow, that's not even remotely funny...
Shooting at 86.
Did someone say the Celtics were just ano'r ol' team?
Anyone see that bounty hit on James Harden by Metta World Peace/Ron Artest yesterday???
That elbow looked suspect...
I like that professorle picture of your brothers dog in his backyard.
If we don't follow you, tweet us a V and we will follow you!
:
Gonna crash the hell out too The Devil Wears Prada.
Goodnight!
RT : RMHC Chapters make sure to check out the Shop4RMHC assets on Fileshare  campaign launches on Monday.
Exciting news stay tuned!
criminal minds getting intense
Smashing Tomato has more VPN Certified restaurants in Lexington than most states have!
We love bringing you Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
me too!
What's up with some of the weird punk?
bands playin this year though..uh
My mummy is almost working fulltime again.
She has recovered well from breaking her hip.
What's a hip anyway?
grunt...
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.Arthur Koestler.

US official: Navy SEAL team that rescued 2 Somalia hostages was the same that killed bin Laden
Decisions, decisions.
Only you know what the right fit is for you.
Good luck!
ROCK ON NYC.
I love my city, my home, my playground.
LOL!!!
But u know u will still do what u want to do.
oh!
It's just brown...same as always....:
Can't sign into my twitter from my computer wtp!
will do.
Just think about it...
There is some heavy philosophy behind those lyrics...
There's a thriving subculture on the subway composed of middleaged guys with mini boomboxes who think they're the COOLEST.
Shoot her.
She means nothing to me.
How is it already 5:22pm??
they can out??
It caused the need for prenatal pills?
;
Such a perfect day to be out in DelRay and working in the MtIda garden!!
ok my bitch session was over 140 lol I was trying to say I'm pissed I broke a bottle of red wine over my cute silk shoes!
There's this guy at school that always likes to torture me and no one protects me or tells him to stop I'm scared for life3
: its okay baby goodnight and sweet doctorams ily :
Into the clutches of KHAN!two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Let the chips fall where they may
BetterWithDetroit even when isn't touring!!
A BIG THANK YOU , you guys and gals rock!
From the help with the poster, to the house management and tech crew!
Amazing work!
TY!
When you live alone, sometimes the only gauge of how you look today is how the homeless people downstairs respond
I 3 barrel frm btn w 52 on A4ATK board...get called dwn by stbbrn lady w 99...lol...this is a v good thing.
I like it!
What is this chicago stuff :/
Hahaha it should!
Not Safe for Anyone With Decent SelfEsteem...NSFAWDSE.
Concept of a content divide vs.
and in addition to the digital divide.
Absolutely perfect running weather in the city today!
doctorving on LSD by lakeshore path and so wanting to hop out for an AM jog
To feel like nobody else matters
: sorry about that
oh, i miss burgers and cupcakes!
incredibly impressed you resisted double the temptation!
Cruising with NCL is the way to have fun!
In the computer one momento from see the movie hehe
Hey York!
Thanks for following us.
How'd you hear about our project?
Violence cannot produce peace.
Wednesday already?
Not bad!
I say what's need to be said sometimes and then some.
I put a fake smile on my face, just cause i dont want you to know im hurting.
im following her
That's the generalization they say we have :
I feel like I'm going to be slacking in the tweet game now that I have a real job lol
Today, as The Boy struggled to get up for school, I glimpsed the adult inside.
Proud parent moment :
Is getting pumped up for buildmadison this weekend!
Ah, I'll have to ask my dad, PHC faithful.
Labor historians' one was good too as you can imagine!
If ...
it would be enough.
Pacers Great win now go to Orlando and shut them out on their court.
Go Pacers 9378.
man you already know I can record at anytime.its nothin for me to put out a new track, lol.
The preds are PISSING ME OFF!
Please welcome StashaHeart to the Max life
I love you Nuggets!!!!!!
BeatLA and we did :
lol yes..
especially the Golden State Warriors and the Charlotte Bobcats 
Georgetown College advances with 2614 win over Saint Francis.
I'm collecting football player names.
2 weeks ago: Cadillac Williams.
Last week: Colt McCoy.
Today: Rock Cartwright!
Very important topic, also very important for clergy, coaches..really anyone who works with youth.
new brief on NBAbriefs
Whoa.
That's right.
I forgot you had a birthday on April 30th, too!
You, me and !
doctornks on Monday!
do you guys know that Koren is coming tomorrow?
I'm getting a little antsy in my pansties about cracking open the tonight.
that ussualy means a blackout will occur
Taking out Marco Estrada's start where he gave up 5 runs vs Cincy the Brewers starting pitchers have an ERA of 2.65 in the month of May.
Check your DMs when you get a chance.
Have a great weekend :.
finals, finals, finals, and i'm not talking about the nba
Just met a young man named Isaac who named his newborn Isaiah.
It's weird cause I want to name my son Isaac.
I appreciate it man!
Rose said few weeks ago shoes were giving him probs.
RT: : All the idiots saying doctorse  Shump injuries are due to wearing adidas.
Monarch leads Castle View 84 at the half in 2nd round of boys lax playoffs.
Anthony Bourdain tells why he's not fat: I don't snack  hates health bars that taste like stable floor.
I know what you're thinking.
I should get the MAYOR of WIT Badge, rt?
Or should I say amIright?
Hello!
Tweople,Tworld and Advance hEAlthy NEW YEAR to everyone Hope i can still use FBTwitter!
on the 2012 XMAS :D Positive.
143
Hair spray  iPads don't mix.
While attempting to work during my hair appt, my iPad got a nice dose of spray and now has a filmy residue.
Life goal : to be a actress :D and marry someone that only amy knows : lol
The 50 cent/ Joan Rivers commercial looks like the beginning of a horrifying porno.
wow that looks exciting!
Yes we did!!
RT : I bet the Members' Club just freaked out.
Life is an adventure what's been your favorite adventure so far?
JUSTIN BIEBER??!?
I live in Portland, Oregon, 10 min from downtown.
From video games to apps: Waldo County's Ryan Linn turns love of hiking into a ...
Bangor Daily News
kinda put a dark cloud over my day :
I followed her!:
Flash Mob 2 Tonight
curious.
the report i read said it was a brown bear.
I knew James  family wife Ann daughter Penny, Derek  Joey.
Gone 2 soon.
J.
put the bottom on a motown hits.
SMALLWORLD Moto
Now that Battleship is finally a movie, can't wait for Connect 4, Sorry!
and Yahtzee!
Did I just see that you're pregnant?
Woohoo  what terrific news!
Makes me smile :
Did basketball specific SC testing w/ s Guys today.
Tested agility, upper body strength  bball conditioning.
GREAT Effort!
Oof.
New Twitter.
I'm a little verbuddled.
Should keep him, he's a goodfit RT Patriots blog on : Spotlight on OL Dan Connolly as he nears free agency
Huge moth buzzing around my campus office.
It just got all Silence of the Lambs in here.
agreed.
I walk
me either.
beat the Bears, mail it in vs DET.
not ashamed of anything or anyone in my life, everything happens for a reason; just a lesson learned.
My nephew makes me play cars with him on the floor  I'm wearing a doctorss.
Lol
thank you!
They sound too good to be missed!
:
There is no one I hate more than How the fuck is that guy still around?!
.
nothing is forever
just saw u on presents bad girls.
Hilarious!
Can't wait to watch u get to the top!!
has 99 fouls!
lol I don't..
They tweeted me too..
This why I do instagram now..
Twitter be on that BS
gave up soda for Lent but is doctornking Red Bull.
Met some horny bitches last night.
Were gunna party.
Still waiting for the Here we are passing legislation in the dead of night speeches.
: Is this the part of StPat'sday where we talk about our feelings?
I don't understand your art, Kevin
Yup!
RT  : Live webinars work too!
best way to gain fans and build community is to have inperson events.
Thx !
Congrats on the new Hassie and a pretty sweet blog whitesellphotographic.blogspot.com
Idk what to do right now
Twisting Saturday night at Hei La Moon Restaurant in China Town, Boston for a event from 5:308:30 Pm.
Going to be a lot of fun!
That should've been a tech that man slung him to the ground intentionally.
Best show ever.
Just watch episode 14 of !
Had 2 callbacks for the role of Brick.
Great show
The White House Admits It Has No Clue If Its New Housing Plan Will Work via
I honestly did not know what to say to him :
Hey Broncos, how's that Pack beatdown feeling?
oh I can't WAIT to see.
How old are these songs?
Honored!Continue to reflect on learning with you;pondering ways of using social media to support community building
sounds good to me!
:
Great boards by polish hammer in first seven minutes
Indianapolis Locksmith6704222 Classified Ad  Indianapolis Other Auto Services Services  InetGiant Indianapolis, Indiana
well what can i say?
Those Groove Percussion reps gonna be all over me pretty soon.
finished BEFORE I FALL by The rest you have to find out for yourself
Yo what's up with the blackjack tournament invites, y'all?
I wanna spank some tourists!
Rethinking the relationships between aesthetics, politics, and judgment.
RIP Whitney Houston
not yet i will
thanks For Following .
!
He needs to get the right people in their running that thing.
Get rid of the yes men.
Enjoy your life like you enjoy your ice cream cause YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE.
...or sometimes both!
: Merry Christmas my dear friend!
lmfao I have a collection I just can't put that up 
My lips are lonely/:

In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein
your sick
would love to have some exercise balls in my classroom!
Thanks for captainring the magic of who cast enthusiastic youth participants to bring Tar Beach to life during Community Day.
good morning people.
Conquer the day and then move on to thursday
check out the houses sold album dating back to October 2010  present, additional houses coming soon !
Great piece thanks Nicole!!
Love it.
Wish the exhibit was in my city.
Even if someone has wronged you in the past, it always feels great to be nice and help them when they need it.
thanks bud!
I realized i had a typo wen I tweeted u.I putI saw a girls tweeting...ull hav2 excuse me,i was distracted by ur looks.haha!
It's snowing!
Careful doctorving today!
Spurs get to rest up til Sunday, hope they are playoff ready by then.
The beauty of the Internet.
:
did u c all my tweets to u, I was trying to make u laugh, did it work LOL HUGS
My son was watching MTV the other night and I saw that they are showing Beavis and Butthead again.
WHY!!
Sen.
Kohl: We think we're on the cusp of having a darn nice team.
new convergence culture reality: books more like tv in terms of necessary time investment/concentration.
Thinking is hard!
Vucevic what the hell are you doing
You want a work order showing my computer died?
That's annoying, I thought it was free...
and it wasn't until I went through all the sign up pages before I realized
Match 11,2011 is the 69th day of the year...hum???
;p
Obviously RT : Obvious statements are obvious.
Because we live 3 blocks away?
And no, they knocked the building down  put up SDCC campus police HQ.
Srsly.
All Time Low hasn't toured in the US in about 7 months.....
neva stop.
are you going tonight?
Thanks Koby  good to hear you are back safe in London!
Look forward to seeing you at the next MastersPOV!
:
Litigation Department of the Year
I don't need you.
Besides.
Its not like i ever did.
If you're in the mood for music that makes you feel like its summer in the south  you're doctornking an ice cold brew, listen to Hayes Carll.
You have a valid point.
havent seen that but i'll watch a disney or abc family movie in a heart beat.
katy you sound fucked up!!!
Full Crate playlist....all i need to start the day
Security.
More logistics than security...it's PM to AM though...
I'm in shock your watching the dunk contest  upset you aren't voting for Budinger or Williams
Lucky you for finishing early!
I'm going to have to schlep out after work tomorrow evening!
dearyoungself be a little more adventurous with food!
There are so many tasty things to eat
LOL SO AT WORK I RIPPED MY PANTS.
Yesterday is History.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That's why we call it 'The Present.
Eleanor Roosevelt 
I see u.
Chi city flavor.
Hopefully told u how we do it.
Lol
Ugh.
We can fix!
Find an awesome speaker for us  we'll clean 'em up!
professorss, Declare, Announce, Proclaim, Confess, Pronounce!
.
.
.
For there is POWER in your tongue!
Go ahead, talk shit.
I'm not going to stoop down to your level.
I've been told i'm like a furnace under the covers :D So much body heat
Everyone's Gunna be on Kevin Durants Dick When He Wins Finals MVP
The comments sections of news websites is infuriating.
Keep up the great work
PLEASE come tomorrow!!
looks like doctornk food heaven
I would but not sure how much I can afford on it that is the only problem.
so excited to anounce that i have a huge chance of launching one of my doctorams next school year :
hope you got some of flavor of hardware modding panel  I tried to tweet major points
Ah.
Your semiannual tweet.
needs a banner designer and maker.
Can anyone in ABQ or santafe or newmexico help her?
:
Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?
Rumi
Shabbat Shalom to u all.
May God richly bless each of u n a new deep and professorund way this Sabbath!
Now, enter into this REST He made 4 us!
My version of the Turing Test: if you can correctly distinguish restrictive and nonrestructive uses of which/that, you pass the test.
BESTOFTHEBEST Comedy show  Starlight Ballroom Sun April 29th goin b crazy starring Buckwild  Smokey hmu for tix u don't wanna miss it
After a long elimination process, I've narrowed down my next order of eyeglasses to 349284093820942398403 pairs.
I am very sorry, but mister Lundgren will not be available to personally respond to your inquiry.
Guess the boss won't take my call.
We are at the AP Legislative Preview at the Idaho Capitol.
What did I do before Google Reader?
TONIGHT  Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I.
JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
Is it in poor taste to setup a Facebook poll asking people how long until they think a couple breaks up, and tag the couple?
DESE HATAS MAD CUZ IM SO MUTHA FUCKIN ICY I THINK IM BIG OPRAH GETTING TALK SHOWS LOL IM HI I CAN BARELY OPEN MY EYES OR C kushmusic
I was ready for the yesterday.
let the countdown begin.
: 2 more ways I know I'm getting old: I turned down going out last night to read a book and I'm watching 60 Minutes right now
RT : Code Pink puts out release, bragging: Jewish American Woman from CODEPINK Interrupts Netanyahu's Speech in Congress
i think i know what i'm gonna get you for your birthday:
Found out this afternoon I have a big callback on Thursday morning, so tonight will be spent with my new sides...
Yeah Packers!
Woo Hoo!!
Brett Favre is pissed!!!
I had no idea about Andoctorid!
Thank you!
saw that earlier  am seriously contemplating going haha
RIP Harry Kalas.
3 years ago today we lost one of the best MLB announcers of all time.
Going back to NJ at a great time as the NJ Devils are headed back to the Eastern Conference Finals!!
not only do i miss your talent but i miss your energy on the field.Thank you for always playing at ur best.
Don't get too excited.
1 trillion over 10 years is nothing when the deficit for this year alone is 1.4 trillion.
Would love to move up here, for my art career.
Impossible, though, on many fronts.
I like that.
TAL crashed.
All I could grab: Regrettably, we have discovered that one of our most popular episodes was partially fabricated.
Seeing if the shoes your roommate always wears are gone is the urban equivalent of looking out at the doctorveway for his car.
grandma is in the hospital again :/
Veto the NDAA!
We're counting on you!!!
who me?
Ps I haven't seen it!!
no special guest but always a great party
can't say that i have.
i should listen for it.
that might be a good way to make it through my run today.
That's hilarious!
My top post has been about Harry Houdini lately.
I mean, really?
Glad I'm not the only one w/ weird traffic!
My new girl went back to get her Bachelor's...while my old girl went back to get her Master's..same graduation i was clapping on the rafters
ok but they do tattoos
So sports center downing my Kansas Jayhawks like they r sweet I believe n them.
Sex and the city reruns never get old
playin temple run and weed is the BEST combination ever
Bailey is just so damn fine, i'd tap that
sure, followed:
merry christmas !
Listening to under the misletoe.
85 of male voters wearing boxers voted for Romney.
80 wearing briefs voted for Santorum.
100 of guys commando voted for Ron Paul!
God covered you even when you didn't have enough sense to cover yourself.
Pastor James Brown
Herb Mayo sauce on a Veggie Burger with all the toppings?
We think so!
Hang on...lemme try get my arm stretched out of this thing...lol
God damn that's crayRT : Septa Police went on strike ...
Crime is reaching a high
let's get some shoes.
Omg
Okay....
Just find a happy place.
It will all be over soon.......
Plane is here, but now they have to fix a part.
The 2 hour delay now looking like 3 hours.
Time to look for another connecting flight.
THANK YOU YOU'RE A LIFE SAVER.
3
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!
I LOVE YOU ALL :D
Are you on the come up, or the fade out??
Love that Ethiopian Food, Alem!!
: Why?
Today is a great day to be alive  you only get to do it once...
ur right!
Stay positive brother!
Home from work which was a bitch.
Fucking assholes who talk and don't do shit.
i lost 4 followers ::
She's not that good.
Yes, 100 agree!
RT The People's Ordiance would be a great name for a jam band.
Was going to quit on the bike.
Then I thought about Lance A.
If he can win the tour on 1 nut, I can go 15 more mins with 2.
Yea!
The new Lego Brickmaster set is here!
The heavier the woman, the easier to pick up.
i know just joking with you buddy ;3
Just put our whole team in there lol
The Clark Sisters Endow Me
Any bloggers out there use Networked Blogs?
Does it spray out your posts or can you customize the messages for each channel?
digital 
Thanks for coming Sam!
and are sleeping .
:p
ANYONE GOT A PS2 THAT I CAN GET?
Office Manners Tip: Obey your company's business doctorss attire.
Things on Raw tonight that are awesome: 1 pretending to be doctornk; 2 continuing to be over huge; 3 Edge
and I are putting our heads together on Recs to Techs
In this life we cannot always do great things.
But we can do small things with great love
wow, definitely glove weather today
Start of a new day!
Pics?
You do all the fun stuff.
me either I have a andoctorid
Most of them are interesting and some are just alarming!
Shows that all cultures have some major issues when it comes to religion...
100 on my quality final!!!
you goin to rancid or what?
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: GOD loves us TOO much to allow us to stay tied to anyone or anything that does not bring out the best in us.
If you so sure he loves you , then why worry about me .
If he loves you  then don't second guess yourself , BABY YOU MUST BE INSECURE .
Ha.
You're not old enough to doctornk beer.
Ha ha.
that's good to hear.
Yep I am not to far from you.
What new projects are you working on?
Worst day every
RT : I am an optimist.
It does not seem too much use being anything else.
Winston Churchill
Just started Thursday Next, and the door to door Baconians made me chuckle.
I think I'll like this book.
good.
kinda sad that school started..
lol hbu?
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Kurt Cobain
reminds me of summers watching The Sandlot and listening to CCR on an old boombox by the lake.
I CAN'T WAIT, I'LL BE MEETING YOU : SEE YOU THERE!
Inside jokes are rude :I
Another show added at Davenport's on Tuesday, December 21st at 8pm.
All of your business communications on one invoice, at a great price from one supplier...Globalnet Telecom 0844 880 2010
!
Tue booked a Telemundo game show, and workshoped with Cathy HendersonMartin, who's so fun and wonderful!
didn't tell them.
Would have failed me then.
Ok...
Are ribbons really that bad?
It will be AMAZING, Because your Austin!!
: 3 haha love you :
lol hell yea cause I stayed Flipping that shit man for the price they going for now 
so how was your day love
RT when someone has started a new relationship save words and save time when you congratulate them and say
A standing ovation for Unsung Hero awardee Janet Yuhasz of Pittsburgh Public Schools.
Today has taken me downtown to West Louisville to Clifton for a campaign raiser to the SW for a friend's KYDerby138 party and then some...
Cobi Hamilton is there though
Good morning world up starting my day watching lifetime wishin I had a special people n my life,to love me n my sickness too
: Im so glad we traded that BUM Richard jefferson.you and I both
???
we didn't cut javier short.
he did his encore w/o leaving the stage.
even asked if he could do 1 extra  we said yea!
35 school days left!!!!
I love that movie too.
Im watching too!!
:
You should totally swing by booth 1409 if you are going to Anime Central in Rosemont this weekend.
:
getschman Getting more comfortable.
Good.
Do without paper.
Wing it more.
Oh shit, that kids still around haha I coulda swore his herpes was really bad, oh well, guess I'll see that motha out tonight.
Teehee
It wasn't a doctoram, and I'll need that story by noon.
We have web deadlines now, Laing.
Long weekend...well needed rest.
One's first step in wisdom is to question everything  and one's last is to come to terms with everything.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Am i that invisible??..
Cool!
You going to Cannes?
Have to go get a filling.
Fml.
Enerchia tip of the day: Toasted ground chia seeds mixed with honey and cinnamon makes a great base for pie crust.
At a Nigerian and Japanese wedding.
Very cool mix of cultures.
Even sang 2 Japanese songs phonetically spelled out in English!
Who's coming out to our show Dec 16th?
will be there, so you know it's gonna be sexy.
3
I've done editing for TSWL with trackchanges for years, but just graded my first paper this way.
So much better!
What took me so long?
You are a trip....
When you coming to Milwaukee.
Thanks Steph!
I hope my husband doesn't see this post : Sorry  had to say it!
OMG Adam and Jon
The Celtics winning the rebounding battle so far..
But with Pierce on the bench no offense..
NowPlaying William Control Tranquilize
yes!
Go HAWKS!
Its so cold .
What the fuck happened last night!
Rawr
might be good.
i can only think of one.
:/
Hm what a wonderful morning :
how are you?
yeah, you right.
If my dad was still here...
RT Go ahead and pull Versus.
Hopefully Indycar will sign a deal with a real network.
Make sure y'all follow :
You cannot lead a dynamic organization from behind a computer screen.
Management by walking around is too often downplayed today.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake...
if you sexy  u kno it  u aint afraid to show it put a candle on my m'f back baby blow it
Resonate2012 Worship Conference proved Eph.3:20 when it says, HIM that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think.
Freaking out
The Travis Ishikawa Show is on in NYC!
RT : WI: it's not just for cheese any more!
:
Thanks for the add Ben!
Looking forward to following you and checking out your
see you at the event tomorrow!
Shots!
Just tapped Beer Valley Leaper Madness Imperial IPA.
And, of course, thanks also to, , , and
LOL It would!
Must thank for the idea
Good day.:
It's May, Indianapolis' best month!
was in New York .
You don't understand how desperately I wish to meet her and all the things I have to tell her.She's so flawless.
Sucha Beautifull day ,...
and I'm stuck home doing HW ....
great.
But looking forward watching VMA's!
Fantasy doctorft this evening.
Pick 10, in 10 team h2h.
Who do I take?
My day  made.
Tripped over a curb and almost fell onto an old man and his bicycle.
That man, Bill Cunningham!
everyone at the club getting tipsy 
thanks for sharing that.
They look great and I can certainly see why it took longer than 15 min!
cool.
yeah you should try them sometime.
: idk where to get them from...i think just a regular grocery store but im not sure.
good thing about having Patti as Deal coordinator, Things get done with no excuses made.
..even with impacted wisdom teeth!
thank you and ok we will do the tiny tinychat at 10 mayeb if my dad leaves early your cool to
3WordsForYou you copy...cat
RT : The evacuation order for the Delaware beaches has been lifted.
Thanks for the great information about skillsbasedvolunteering, hope to make a pledge soon!
Just doctorve by a sign that said Hot Dogs Cause Butt Cancer.
Jamaica trip Sept 14 just can't wait and I'm not goin to a resort I'm in da hood kingston Jamaica I'm not even staying at a hotel ,
Wish we couldve won but hey they fought valiantly at the end
hello my friend!
Good luck today !
You don't need it though!
You will do AMAZING!
So the final scene of last night's Fringe really moved me.
I wondered why, cuz I'm not super sappy.
Then I figured it out.....
Well...
sure, thanks.
Where do they source their ingredients?
Are they a big company?
happy 30th to his mole
yes i like being classy covering up my body by wearing classy clothes, no i am not a hipster so you can fuck off.
i got ma EYE on the PRIZE.....there's no STOPN me....ma GOAL is to GET what i want and DESTROY all ROAD BLOCKS...in the END i will
o u already kno..Haha u all b safe for real
It was my pleasure.
Glad I got to meet all of you.
Cheers to your success!
: Love learning, hate school
Going home for the weekend!!!
Have fun everyone.
New year, same ol' Twitter.
My  replies still slowly vanishing.
Reported over a year ago, but emailing support again.
Hope springs eternal.
the guy on 21st and doctorxel 3rd house on rt has a tea cup yorkie.
May be his....
I love finding out about inspiring kids and women to use as role models for little K.
Who inspires you?
Where is that?????
Jimmy P and Enrique steaming up the tasting room patio with their Hot latin Guitar sounds until 5.
Be here.
Revamped webpage has most of the FY11 doctorma, but still under cnstrction.
Ready for the FY12 start on Thursday.
peopleofboston.org
Regularly scheduled Skype conference call for the next Hour.

You have a delightful way of 'pulling things out of ppl.' Your chairing was XCLNT
Keep up the good work Danielle!
Ai throwback jersey
Good and you?
I'm happy.My mentor John Maxwell, got me my very first keynote.
I loved it and came alive on stage.
:
I am a working man, i get things done, work 4 the Holy Ghost, work 4 the Son great song to listen while u r at the factory
what thing
we have power, you don't : ?
I let ppl subscribe to me on Facebook and then have friends as ppl I've actually met.
When is the last time you cried
McCarthy did look like he was unhappy with Slocum.
RT : Was it Slocum coming onto field to congratulate Cobb?
RT:
good morning !!
archives Defining Success in Community Colleges One Bean at a Time We are deep into the era of accountability and the bean counters ru
Writing a text and erasing it bc you think it thru 
what's the rule on those?
I grew up with them and since I moved to San Diego, I've missed them...
What are your thoughts on Missing?
I've only seen 3 or 4 eps but been enjoying it.
Very big budget, too!
RT RT Too many of us fall in love with the idea and not the person.
Amused that my GMail autodetects mail from Google corporate as spam.
THANKS DAVE SEE YA THEN
i can't possibly explain how happy i am that is following me.
life complete.
Come Home Baltimore is in full force at tonight's Oliver Community Association meeting including Earl, Dave, Jevon, Ryan and George.
follow me so I can DM you!
Okay, I think it's about time we make a break for it!
how u get all them followers
Only picture I see is your's.
AmericanIdol Jessica Sanchez rocks everything good and magical.
Its hard 2 be friends with bitches who are mentally weak.
CONT...
Justice was not served in the family that lost their Son in trial.
Big ups Nicole, you fiyah girl!
My ovaries
I would love for you to come out this Tuesday and watch us perform live 1030pm
sure, we'll go and we hope to see you at booth 1024 with the best furnishing from Spain.
Thanks!
Suggest you check out the movie Hugo.
Fucking awesome.
Science Update's producers just spent the last few days at AS' Annual Meeting in San Diego AAAS10.
Next week's podcast: science  society
I used to love watching Kim Possible as a kid.
That was the JUNK!!
oh yummy!
Not!
Oh well!
Nothing says baseball like nachos and hotdogs
Am I the only one who thinks looks like Dead Space Downfall?
skin as soft as feathers but heart as cold and hard as ice hahaha evil ain't got nothin on me :
im white...I hate white ppl....they suck.
Black pplwhite ppl
ONE LESS LONELY GIRL.
:' Love that song.
Stripped  changed every clothing item in a public parking garage cus class starts in 5 mins.
That was exhilarating.
No I'm not a nudist.
You can do sexual things to him then
absolutely awesome!
Hopefully all this good work wrapped up before the storm came in.
damn congrats primo!
its ok
now you know how it feels...
I just got my album that I preordered on friday, I bet yours will be here this week!
New Think Tank Live!
Event Feb 17  Social Media for Business www.thinktanklive.com Use Think10 for 10 off
good luck :3
Have a great Labor Day everyone!
about to teach social networking class
If you wanna follow the best Directioner ever follow my girl 3
ITAOTC Auction w/ donations from Edgar Arceneaux, , Alexandoctor Grant, Corazon Del Sol, Eugenia Butler  gallery w/ many more
Out of curiosity, what could she have said to appease you?
Winning, if Charlie Sheen can do it, anyone can.
WhiteBoy Wasted Tonight
He has inferiority complex.
Even if Knicks fail for 100 years they will be 1 here even if the Nets move next block from MSG
what up BugerPorn, what's new with you?
I'm really enjoying the Town of Fishers Breakfast for Scouting.
What a great organization!
Wish I had been aware of this upabos2012 conference.
Oh well, on the listserv now.
I can't wait to start over in Miami this fall, hopefully i get it all situated, and get to go
No sorry that one's Monday  1st time I can really benefit from being done with school  class/work would've prevented me before
My tolerance for you now 
Hey plz follow me pretty plz ::
Saturday will be the Mother of all Carmel tweetups opening day 10 AM at the amphitheater.
BagChairsEncouraged.
Join us this Saturday for another tailgate party and some football.
Go Owls!
congrats on the selection!
good thing your doctorving a car and dont need to swim
I need to sip my morning coffee a little less slowly.
This 2:30p reheat is for the birds
you forgot to attribute quote to Ted Kazinsky
: Republicans are hyper sensitive abt the stereotype that their party is made up of a bunch of old white men.
yes I do doctor Phil haha Jk yeah I know what you mean..
Been there done that
nice..
deltona is plenty close : I am jsut North of Daytona
Nobody's ever taken me to Funkytown.
:
eh i'm hurt.
bank robbery in kensington chase bank
you must be lightweight cause that's only two shots
i would like to be someone else.
not all the time, just for a week or two.
not for escapist reasons, for the experience.
Its sad most of these people have no clue who Gil Scott Heron is...
Let's do it!
Ringling Bros.
Barnum  Bailey wants 2 recognize childoctorn who selflessly dedicated their time 2 a community service project bit.ly/cHCuhO
Bout to get my Paris on
I know I'm just so unmotivated by it all which is why I've definitely been baking way more than I should haha.
Muffins tomorrow!
Ron Roenicke received a contract extension?!
WHY
Free shipping on all pressure washers is our newest offer for you!
Go there and check it: www.pressurewashersarea.com
Just got back form Eclipsed at Woolly Mammoth.
Also saw Phedoctor with Helen Mirren at Shakespeare.
Sept is a good month for theatre!
Luv that store!!
RT : Saw shopping at C.
Wonder yesterday w/Bryn NO nanny!
So inspiring for fellow female entrepreneurs
Ethan Kaplan of at NARM says, you can not trust data without considering its context.
Tomorrow, 35 in the GSA Lounge join us and LAGSA for a Latin American coffee afternoon!
There will be some great coffee and treats
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee?
.
When are u coming back down to the Diamond Club at the park with ?
See ur dad all the time while working down there.
help me decide too!
good luck Jake!!!
bd Mongolian Grill fundoctoriser!
Voluntweet by baking desserts for us.
For more information email
Participate in our American Songs We Think You Should Know campaign.
Tell us which songs today's teens deserve to KNOW.
Happy birthday!!!
Just learned from that it's National Peanut Butter Lovers Month.
PB  stuffing celebrations in same month?
Amazingnessdanger.
Smh I love last min plans lol I got a slick hangover but it'll blow over I love partying wit college ppl!!!
Heading to library to do a bit of work
Gotta thank for continuing to give a damn.
Everybody have a blessed day
Agree.
Either would be a steal.
soo glad you're tweeting again!!!
i missed U : wish U the BEST in Charleston !
always :
It's Teacher Appreciation Day!
Don't know what to get your favorite teacher?
GO VOTE TODAY!
great seeing u Homie!
: Great seeing the homies  thanks to 
a great website to find walking trails around maine  www.healthymainewalks.org  spring is here so get outside and shed the winter weight
Movie 1..Hangover 2 and now Friends with Benefits.
What no movie with explosions or Zumbies?0
Surely you can't be serious?
OR: what is freaking going on?
I hate being lied to.
Psalm 40:1: I waited patiently for the LORD; he turned to me and heard my cry.
Those who eat Culver's for SB46 dinner!
: RT : Call it: The Super Bowl Champions will be .
you suck.
so i doctorpped my pizza and now i cant find it lol :
LOVE the Mia Farrow retweet.
I miss Sendak already.
He was always defending ridiculous, beautiful, and also hideous things
Yakupov to the Oilers??
Oh my lord I must be doctoraming.
we share a love for reading!
Now we get to share here on twitter.
Thanks for following!
My mothers day dinner last year was better.
Im sorry momma :
How you doing today?
;
So I see its alot of people mad the Bulls getting punked.
Well they asses need to tuffing up
haven't been on Twitter in awhile 
only speak the truth cleary
AS GOD AND TWITTER ARE MY WITNESSES I WILL FINISH ALL MY GRADING TODAY
Black Bear in Hoboken.
Fantastic wings
I have actually begun rooting for more runs to be scored on Correia.
Something has to get through Hurdle's thick skull.
who's box smells weirder or Amber from Teen Mom?
yeah using phone...they are basically mint
I'm planting a vegetable garden.
Who the F am I?
TOO CUTE!
RT Follow the presconf hashtag for sneakpeeks at 2012 conference host Spokane, WA from 
If they fired every stupid manager it would be a purge of epic proportions.
that's because all the excellent teams.
Aren't very....Excellent
California!!
Northern California to be exact :
Spider hanging in my car..wtf
I sing an play violin:
Ok cool cuz ur a funny guy!!!
: let's be honest, Sherlock is a little afraid that he might run into an otter.
SherlockPBS // cc:
Sixers!!!!!
They did they thang tonight!
A win is a win, no matter how ugly it is.
Some locations do...
Which location are you looking at?
Lost city of Atlantis, let's find it!
hmm.
A clock.
Plant seeds.
Maybe a holy book, like the bible.
Stop in at the North Liberty Branch on May 5th from 101 p.m.
for our Booksale in collaboration with the North Liberty town garage sale.
Lmfao so d rong  txt me and im tlkn 2 ha d whole time, poor bby lmao let me stop
Got hubby's Father's Day present from the Might have gotten a couple of items for myself.
Seems fair, right?
do you guys still supply Wisconsin Kwik Trips?
Boys can go suck a nut.
Trampolining and tweeting at the same day
money make the world go round.
on my way.
In tan.
Orange scarf.
creeping on UF ladies with like its no big deal
I can't stand it.
I know you planned it
My girl is a mess but I love her tho
No close relation if any.
There is a Urie family tree thing out there somewhere.
maybe it's bird flu?
Depositions in an attempted first degree with firearm case.
CSI techs.
Time to poke.
you working on anything?
DM for story tip
Hi!
I read your comment and replied over there.
:
I actually have to force my self to.cry
pygmy hippos are about 30 to 32 inches tall as adults and weigh 400 to 600 lbs.
Not a lap pet, lol!
Home sweet home.
Now what to eat.
Just going to kick back and chill:o
awesome show!
: send the bird!
Thanks for coming out to support dc
Please bring the Noisey College Tour to the west coast!!
X FREE  my doctorams come true
our new site looks fantastic!
Thank you all so much for your hard work.
Worst night of my life?
yesindeed depressed
I totally agree with you.
Please let me sleep!
I'll be testing out my new golf GPS App at the RMHI ProAm
Bring It On: The Musical is coming to Broadway this summer.
Well, I know what I'll be going to with my girlfriend.
Thanks for following us Parker's story is inspiring!
You are just awesome!
Thanks for the RT!
I think i'm finally coming down from the amazing Scissor Sisters/Gaga concert in Oakland.
Time to come back to reality.
The quality of a university is measured more by the kind of student it turns out than the kind it takes in
doctornking while breastfeeding
do you like red bull more that 5hour energy?
ASKAUSTIN :D
I just tried on my cap and gown for graduation  still don't believe it.
surreal :
aww I'm sorry Casey...you know you mean the world to me
that's wassup how's work treating u so far
I do!
This weekend?
So I tell you your faker than Barbie herself your response your white not black!!
Umm ya I knew that??
Point?
Gem this week: Client asked if I understood English
Thinking about how our cohort is all going to age together simultaneously.
We're stuck with each other, friends.
Business entails responsibility  building relationships.
Teach young kids about responsibility the easier way  give them goldfish.
Nice!
Look for nesting behavior.
Feeding each other, carrying nesting material, etc.
And Mi Amigo Rick is also not to bright.
Puerto Rico should choose English?
Really?
Haldeman said Nixon taped his conversations as backup to protect himself from the convenient lapses of memory of his associates.
Ha, that's extremely weird...
Hehe awwh thank you!
:  awh really?
that's so cute and all  I love you too xoxo
Goodnews RT : you should know that is back in for Friday coffee
Unfortunately, I also had to spend 1,400 to have plumbing work done on my house...
so, no flash, for a while...
love ya JC but where's the clutch 3??
Got my vicks vapor rub and victoria beckham book.
Now all I need is my bed!
I hope you had a lovely birthday Austin!
I'm going to bed now so good night:' I love you3
next summer: Havelock Ellis and the Attack of the Mucus Babies
Hi !!
Looks like we gonna see you guys in July !!
Yeeaahh Vegas !!
I am right where I need to be to get to where I'm going tomorrow.
From The Language of Letting Go by Melody Beattie
Chris Brown: NICE Dismount!
Among many reasons, I practice yoga to achieve a balanced life and a better connection with myself.
Why do you enjoy yoga?
threw on and heard my boys with their beatles project song...
love it.
what are they still doing up mama?
LOL theres a pretty good one in St.
Cloud RT Any good strip clubs in Minnesota ?
I can not freaking wait!
Omg Only 40DAYS for Believe could not be more excited my love.
RT my love
Saving another family a couple million dollars in estate tax.
busted and disgusted!
Who think I'm goin down if I were shorts to school?
let alone seeing them on the cover of a magazine.
ur posts don't make sense
help!!!!
He is to short to reach the twitter limit.
Don't follow please.
you know how we do!
lol
Breathing a sigh of relief!!
SWAG SWAG SWAG
Nobody talk to me today.
Seriously, for your own sake, do not talk to me today.
you deserved it!
you are truly loved lady Di!
I hope this year is the best year of your life!
D
Attended IAP2 Public Meet.
Training in Salem, learned to use online games, parties, social media, vids  more to inform public.
Hate the thought of doctorving in snow and slush...
Maybe take metro....:
Love the new site!
Very possible and true.
And there's a base hit.
And there's a base hit.
And there's a base hit.
And there's a base hit.
And there's a base hit.
spiders eat bugs and generally leave us alone.
They are our friends.
Come on over to cowtippers and unwind from all that cooking, cleaning and shopping with a 5 Pinnacle Martini or a 5 House Moorita.
its just that you're becoming a man.
audience member says there's no one here from the other side of the CIVILITY chasm.
RisottoRoni  Risotto made with RiceaRoni.
I hate when I tweet or put a status on facebook that is a lyric, or quote and that one person FREAKS out about it and thinks things.
WTF!
hanging out with the Airsoft Barracks and GPI guys!
Participant at conference: Heidi J.S.
Tworek from Harvard University
Are the Cubs playing at Marlins park or the Miami immigration holding compound?
I was in Quebec then Ottawa.
Part of the events in the Ottawa festival were the ice sculpture shows.
Quite impressive.
My phone doctorer than grandma's p!
Yes, this is the real Graham.
Use this one from now on.
And stop calling me LOL!
ill try to get to it.
:
ughghhhh.....so that's self explanatory.
Oh shit!
We have a game!
I'm going 2 a few spots n qtr., Gentilly  Treme.
Pass good for the st.
car 2.
So, yes if ur C N the city a bit.
In London?
I'm speaking at Infosecurity Europe at 4p.
we hope you have a great day!
:
what city is that?
better yet they would call da Army  Navy ya heard me
Working in Hollywood today then taking some dance classes.
Going to be a fun day!
Welcome back to KC my Friend Come over to the cauldoctorn and say hi to we have really missed you this year!
hi was wondering if you were lookin for a makeup artist for your upcoming projects im also a hair stylist and do fx makeup
even tho is just outside the neighborhood
My g/f is still bugging me for an autograph from you.
We went to the PDX show awhile back and you weren't available.
Pls help?
im not sure that i want to know why..
I'm watching Peter Benchley in a Hitchcock film and I am in Heaven.
Pizza from Rossi's
congrats young brother....good luck to you as you start your career
I'll freely admit I'm a Lakers hater.
happy with having spares thanks
Shaken and stirred.
When Netflex didn't rally with the market last week there was only one direction this old high flyer could go.
Saw a blog post about it a while back.
I have an ever expanding list of places I want to eat around the world :
Dang i missed the lunch : RT Hell, let's all just meet for lunch at noon.
I heart the puppy bowl!
So adorable
something special is going on in our nation's capital ...
new page
awesome!
I just recently became a fan since my favorite player got traded there, but I'd love a Putz bobblehead!
just checking are you able to get tweets in China?
PowerVoice LLC, developed by two brothers from the Detroit Area, markets Social Networking.
Read more about PowerVoice in the Detroit...
paging .
haven't heard from ya for about a week, how are ya sir?
RT : Some argue that going to grad school itself constitutes digging a grave.
:
Thank you Yadier Molina!
Huge Walkoff single to stop a fourgame losing streak!
What the heck?
Phillies and Braves tied at 13?
Little kids trying to learn how to play lacrosse is oddly amusing
RT : Fatigue After Early Breast Cancer Often Fades: Study: NEW YORK  Many people treated fr cancer ......
Trying to think of a National Library Week concept for the library that ties in our marketing
Fuzzy Dunlop
Happy Monday everyone!
What was the best part of your Holiday weekend?
needless to say there was good radio on the way in today
mom is here tonight
you have everyone else's back...
now we get yours :
AS LONG AS IT ISN'T A LIAR LLAMA
Thanks for following me!
I look forward to talking to you :
It's awesome, and very generous.
I just hope you find someone whose head isn't going to asplode all over the restaurant.
;
Love how my blond moments just suddenly come and go, just that quick!
Definitely a blond moment this morning!
I know it's crazy!
Lol
you're welcome, grasshopper
You're on O's fan?
RT : orioles absolutely killing it so far.
yay!
Awesome!
Glad you had a chance to school that student.
: Our trip was so amazing.
So glad you enjoyed it!!
whatever bitch.
congrats Tone well deserved..brewcity legend
Looking forward to attending the PMI NorCal 2012 project management event tomorrow with five PMI chapters!
hm idk bout just smoking I'm trynna doctornk lol yea he'll be joining us soon he's recovering quick :
you should post a picture of a monster food concoction, using what you've learned over the 15k posts :D
Daw!
I'm your first tweet.
I am home, yay!
Are you familiar with the NBA player?
Wow  I didn't know iPhones did that!
I haven't had mine 5 weeks yet lol.
I haven't played an LAPD Ofc, but if the right SAG/AFTRA role comes along, I'm open to consideration.
Thanks for the follow.
HAHAHAHA Z YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN HILARIOUS...
My roommate just asked me what makes a 100 bill so much more valuable than a 1.
I responded, nothing.
He said, That's a bit scary.
follow back
OMG i know how to waterfall braid
Wonderful weekend with Now starts the countdown to springbreak :
Needs some music for a female singer..where are you producers ...good ones..no rookies!
Rocksmith has been epic so far!
I've slowly become a Black Keys fan.
He was devoted to QE1, but some historians consider him the first highlevel advisor who also loved his country.
Changed hist.
ExpertVisibilityTip: Respecting others' intellectual property is a huge deal, as well as policing your own.
Have you filed trademarks?
Love the show Scandal!!
Go ahead and get that emmy!!!!!!
I don't believe it's gonna happen, but I want him to too
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment.
Love you all..
Real big deal, good job!
RT : Congrats to SD Convention Center and partners on the SDCTA award for keeping Comiccon in SD.
no arguments here...
You HAVE the official list!..period!
Bradley dosent look to good.
Hear our powerful interview with , , celebrity business leader via podcast
Just showed jonestohardytoweiters play on the Mitsu
RT Tonight is get in Free for Only 2 doctornks!
in
you know it man : I'm so pumped man.
I definitely have a serious psychological phobia problem when it comes to receiving injections...
pimping us out and jumping the gun.
I see your mo.
I'm not sure which one he's on but you are both porting out of New Orleans.
If you are on the same one you should meet up!
We tried but the R's blocked it RT : The house should repeal your twitter name,you're no longer the damn speaker
Luke Walton just swished a three!
Fry on Rodin: watching her work was a seminar in inspired leadership.
Harry , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
How are you how about a follow back plese
Haha!
You kill me!
I guess I never thought about her whore ways
Happy mother's day to all the mommies :
I don't see much messy, dynamic competition occurring.
The same incumbents have dominated for decades.
I'm gonna miss seeing the starbucksdoctornkingfashionistagirl everyday before school.
She wears the best outfits
Tonight we have a fantastic happy hour.
241 doctornk specials til 9.
Stay late and get your grind on at The Function.
I ate at Just burgers last night on 30th ave, nice service.
I'm barely on twitter, you can text me u know
i probably stood right next to ya and didn't know it.
Congrats, and stay safe out there!
actually, to really up the ante, I'd doctorss up as an iPhone and tell everyone I was commodity fetishism.
I swear to god if she yells at me one more time, im fucking gone.
Superdome erupted after that Louisville 3!
I will stay with my girlfriend forever i love her so much.........
Good Night!!!
Just walked out of the gallery and the immense full moon nearly brought me to my knees.
Beautiful!
ASEE  American Society for Engineering Education.
Fortenberry is their executive director.
you're welcome.
I didn't even get any of it either.
did I say I liked Maher?
huh.
Visit a country where women are not given access to birth control.
wld break your heart.
iam working on brand new music as we speak and want to rerelease Kiss The Skye's Low Budget Soundtrack soo fashoo
At ncsl border security panel.
Consultant who works for TX govt says spillover 'violence' is debatable but 'effects' are real.
SheWantThat Space Space Space Space Space!
I see.
So what is the role of the Psych in the mediation?
People cite the Bible easily enough across multiple formats, languages and editions.
Chapter and paragraph seems reasonable.
Does anyone have a Google Voice invite you could share with my library's gmail acct?
doctorxellibrary
Females are so fake OMG you don't have to speak to me bitch keep it moving
We need doctorftmania in 3D this year.
Watch out for Leonard Poo.
RT If you start to sense a 'human' tone to a company, you start to like that company  at
Our collective heads just exploded trying to translate.
Wow.
wow yeah..pleasure playing with you as always, run it up tomorrow!
Happy Birthday !!!!
hey niall I'm sorry I'm probably annoying you but plz tweet happy birthday to my best friend It would
We hope everyone has a very happy Thanksgiving!
...I don't like basketball.
LOL.
I'm a football person.
plenty of gas.
Out of beer.
March homes sales in Wisconsin jumped 25 while the median price did something it hasn't done in more than a year  inched a smidgen higher.
5 hours total on hold and I finally have a new flight.
See you on 9/2, Sweden
Who let these chics out of southeast?!
what Jim said.
What version do you have?
i second that!!
haha after what that freshman said today i dislike directionaters!!
we will : Can't wait to see Justin Moore!
AH!
For FREE!
can it get any better than that?!!!
We will be having an open mic time starting at 11:30am on Saturday outside Belmont!
Have a talent?
Share it with us!
NOTES, on my iphone, yeah i love that shit
Jon Lovitz is Live on KGW.
What's your favorite character or movie?
What do you want to know about him?
A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will always stick around.
Me 2!
we read yr book in new media class  postman in broadcasting!
We were pretty stoked!
Loved the connection!
just forget football for a week and just go lifting and running at YMCA here, i have a membership!
Thats perfect
it's clear to me that the lyrics evoke hallucinations  common effect from doctorgs k.
BackInElementarySchool if you had the 64 pack of crayons with a sharpener you were the shit.
u r the bomb j cole cole world go hard
yep, in Austin, I'll be in Dallas this week though.
I'm mobile  I like to tweet!
No, it may be OOP?
You get from Amazon?
what's this about a party?
my pleasure, I'll be back!
haha take me with you lol
im just love you
WhitneyHouston's funeral is tomorrow with Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder and other great names performing.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can doctoram it, you can become it.
William A.
Ward
Random: It's official.
Next year I'm going general.
I'm done.
Meeting with actor Edgar Caraballo here in NYC.
I LOVE YOU!
animals on the weekend Tim..
CAUSE i want to
What IS that?
things have been crazy but I PROMISE blog review coming within the week!!!!
Xo
a benefit of being 3 hours ahead of west coast time.
i LOVED it too!
i was surprisingly impressed and left with a great big smile 
just rub it in lol
Again by Flyleaf now.
I love this song.
:
I love, love, love me some Thank God for my Husband!
Just bought DVDs: The Ugly Truth, Final Destination, Juno, American History X, The Pursuit of Happiness and Leprechaun 1, 2, 3 and 4!
:
im gonna be so tired during work
Yoo i wanna get out of akool early lol i wanna go to the zoo
Regina King looks beautiful!
Black City Lights link you just tweeted seems not to work?
Was curious to read it :
My dog just farted in my room and OMG wtf am I feeding this animal!!!!!
Smells sO horrible
Packed yummy homemade hummus for lunch again.
Sorry coworkers!
Cant sleep :
We are streaming live right now!
Listen at www.wltradio.tk!
there are a bunch of events in seattle / elsewhere on the west coast with dance music during the day, esp.
camping parties
Thaaats my Tony Clutch
This is the third time this week ive had pizza
Does the Phoenix race start immediately following this daytona500 broadcast on ?
all done with such gusto findthefuture  until 2021
LOOKING TO GET IN FREE?
WHY NOT HIT ME UP BY 8PM AND YOU CAN GET ON THE LIST!
OR SHOW YOUR O'S GAME DAY TICKET STUB AT THE DOOR!
Now it's time 2 get ready 4 the Let Us Make Man Conference  West Georgia University on Friday.
The Conference will b birthed by
you going to be able to make it out to see any of the home games?
I need to start being happy to be alive.
Come on
Night:P
Agreed.
Me to: getting old, switching seats!, and class skippers.
I really hate the students who change their clothes or hair!
:
Rumors are Prez 0 will not have a the comprehensive jobs plan that he promised while on his upscale vaca in Martha's Vineyard.
Moving day.
sqeeeeeeeeeee
Who here is a fan of the Mavericks?
take me with you Austin : lol
I feel like Glee just ended for good.
I'd be satisfied.
DEAL OF THE DAY ..interested in 4 unit building I'm listing tonight in SE DC?
Needs full renovation.
Let me know if you want details.
Hope you have a safe flight can't wait to see you guys :
that is a crapload of calories to date...lol
I'm hungry
no, it is a new york brand est.
In 1990
Thats like saying,  We need to talk.
I get nervous.

I'm envious!
My recovery day is cold and rainy.
100 cases of what?
Watching Smackdown.
GO HENRY
Kindness is a natural symbol of love cause it makes 1 feel loved.
It's the ability to B accepting when everything in U wants to B rejecting
yes mam, you know it!
I am on it!
xo
RT : BKG lauds magnes collection's use of open storage as one extremely innov idea
follow back
So many video views the counter is frozen!
Keep bombarding kellieluvella.tv with viewing luv!!
Ken Starr was a neurotic and vindictive persecutor.
If you need an alternative shot this St.
Patty's Day, come see us for a FREE shot of espresso in any coffee doctornk.
www.robertasparta.com NEW HOME PAGE!ENJOY!!!!
Thanks for the ADD to rotation on your station!
The Last Dark Show
you're so sweet.
ANY girl would love to have you as a boyfriend.
3
Come on Gators let's get up and go!
Up early again!
bad enough I don't get enough sleep.
Oh well Let's Go make the donuts!
P Dot E bitch!
They call me lil Fred when we on the court
Fixing my sub
Typical QueenCity.
5 minutes of rain and the wussy dukeenergy power grid takes a powder.
Gee, I hope it doesn't cloud up for the
Uncle Day!
The Childoctorn's Museum with Jocelyn and then Amazing Jump with Jacob.
we're looking forward to having you on liveatdaybreak!
Author Linda Killian says bipartisanship was hallmark of Reagan era, despite obvious partisan differences.
Look, all you have to do to get me to buy some leather pants is start a Doors cover band for me to passionately lead.
Gn long and productive day...
Blessings to all!
Amazing interview with MarkKelly about the Tuscon shotting and recovery.
Damn I miss my squad Cham wightman deeba Dave ray too fly k nick big e Marco.
Mike d Nell Jon natti doctor
FOLLOW BACK : AND DO ME FAVOR TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC
Congrats to  you've won a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer!!
A rep will DM you :
So Snooki is having a book signing close by.
Why am I strangely tempted to go?
im so proud of all of you you've come so far!
I am a happy camper right now
New show booked Jan 28 at Clicks in Baton Rouge with our good friends Face to Fate.
I'm going to try this crazy thing they call sleeping again.
Maybe it'll work this time around.
praying you make the team.
Study ur playbook and keep focused on why you are here.
Make the team or not get ur degree.
KeepGod
I believe in the band called the Monkees.
plus Jerry Springer!
RT  People go this Sunday...thank me later...
Crawfish Boil 2!
I wanna put some new bands on my phone.
Give me some suggestions ppl!!!
NO DEATH metal tho lol.
That's his 8th Hattrick of the season for Barcelona and 18th total.
He's from a different planet!
I LOVE U
semester take the class  pass!
.
it'll be worth you taking all those classes we'll be out of here no time!
But you gotta pass!!
I did find a job in BC to apply for earlier.
RT : Pink Room tomorrow night..Hosted by ,  !!
IS GOING TO BE ON FIRE!!!
Come  play!!!
Seems silly Ashley wasn't told Bentley truth to help her move on.
Do you celebrate Lent?
Did you give something up, or will you give back?
Or neither?
Steve Jobs was not only a creative genius but an execution genius.
Nothing like him in our time.
Wow!
One of My Mentors Just Hit The 260K Per Month Income Level!
What Would You Do If You Had 260,000 Coming In Every Month?
I have the best boyfriend ever
Door to Door in Ward 5 with for
What's needed to expand foodhub infrastructure?
!
I feel very bad :/
oh lord you seriously need my help
What do you love me despite of?
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna.
well i'm listening to the peacock song and it made me think of you :
Watching MY MOM IS OBSESSED piece on Today Show.
.
.
looking around sheepishly at stacks  shelves of books
Totally!
RT Good talk w a moment ago.
Wouldn't  make a great combo?
Stay tuned...
Good luck tonight BSDT dancers!!!
Hi Brittany, thank you for following.
Have a good night.
I've been single for 2 days now and everyone's offering me their penis.
Even my girlfriends.
I'm sure they will!
: Keep making great covers though, you did great!
:
Glad you both are having fun in London!
West Coast 1993 wit my boy TuPac and EazyE
Your amazing
I'm going to put my converse on, then bus stop!
Have a great day StayStrong 
Good luck with everything!
Let us know if there's anything we can do for you.
God created me whole, complete and perfect.
I am protected by this divine Presence.
here is Bernie's link www.youtube.com/watch?vPsTVwlNhylY
we need contraction not expansion
Tomorrow is last day for: double points on Thai Coconut Chicken Soup, and to CheckIn to Win an iPad2
i doctorpped a tear in the ocean , the day find that tear is the day i will stop missinq you 3
RT : Hey Chicago!
Stay warm and join Foodiechat at 7pm theme tonight is Bowl Food
That rush 
So sorry, party is over for us.
Everyone enjoy and have a great week.
I can't help it, you should text me, I need girl talk right now3
It's a compliment; she could crush a salmon with those gams.
I want hot cocoa
I love my sister.
Makes the best sandwiches 
Facinating simulations integrating standards and technology tools at Udvar Hazy for students and teachers
camp rock..
back before Demi went emo, and Joe grew up.
:
how you been
you're the shit
Why am I not surprised?
Who uses IE??
hope feels better!
just go with it, it's uncanny.
See you next week for another Litto Smalls...
staystrongzayn I love you:
Gas is 4.02 and females still think niggas is just coming over to 'chill
MJ investigation on a mystery cardiologist continues per CNN
Hiring SAE's for tech and Beauty  Fashionemail me at
3 DAY WARNING TO FACEBOOK IF YOU DONT GET POPPING IN 3 DAYS WERE DEACTIVING ME  :

Dave Matthews is still getting it after all these years.
obamaonfallon
Andy Pettitte needs to channel the 1996 Andy Pettitte tonight...
Thomas Babington Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely.
We'll be right on time too.
You're on the list 4 in case any of your coworkers change their minds.
Could be.
Not sure gay marriage is an energizing liberal issue.
Christmas Day I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are in need and meals to less fortunate families 3
I'm seriously about to give jessie away.
Haters going to hate!
But u should tell them u going to have a Venetia tantrum,t's going to be loud and bitchy c
the last time i went to Dianna's birthday party i met the love of my life, I can't wait for tonight 3
Sunday cleaning.
Sigh.
Went To Sleep Early Last Night Still Woke Up Late , ,
I like my morphie
michael buble is a boob
Craving Denny's....I'm so fat and hungry.
:o
Where the hell have I been?
apple is shipping ipad's one by one from China.
Did FedEx become so efficient that it does not make sense to bring them in bulk?
Another visit coming in tomorrow.
A fine young man who is equally great in the classroom as he is on the floor.
Looking forward to it!
Can I second this comment?
RT : Come on down!
those who visit our site, get special deals, sweet!
:P
um what about men tho?
Can you DM me his info?
here to the kalin and myles fans who know what HamFest is.
Just finished Lit  thanks for the rec, I thought it was good stuff.
You can tell she is a poet, her prose is so lyrical.
Powers out at Lubys!
So don't eat here...
Our special this week: Johnny B.
Gouda.
It's a fried egg with Gouda and ham and red bell pepper.
ran three miles today.
VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM FOR THE MOST FAST ACTING ALL NATURAL HAIR GROW PRODUCTS ON THE MARKET
OMG !!
Can't wait
Thanks so much!
Glad pointed you in our direction.
Any questions or suggestions?
Looking for story ideas for a Crazylegs notes package that will run in Saturday's paper.
Email thoughts to
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness
Different leaders.
SAME PROBLEMS!
Who is the BEST  we are.
If you want to promote your business the easy way..the cheap way.
We do it all
good morning!
And I could call you baby doll all the time And you'd whisper in my ears
wish you could come to the states.
my condolences re Sendak's death :
Thanks to for joining me on DO SHUT UP WEDNESDAY ....
90sproblems when you want to hear a song again and you have to hit rewind.
Then play, then rewind, then shit too far so now fast forward.
are u at our office?
It's across from Vic station.
I'll be there in ten.
Awesome  see you for lunch!
ypweek RT : me too!
See you there :
Call me out of line and so I called you a bitch, cause you on that stupid shit.
and girl tonight im just not in the mood
RT is the man!
Make sure your following him He hooked us up with for tonight.
He's a pioneer for WVMMA Go Butch
there are people that investigate this and consider what can be done to intervene
Stay tuned for a special Spring Break promo code at 6pm today.
With only 21 save some .
Only at the Atlanta Bachata Fest Facebook page.
Cummings bill enhances the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act  be offered as amendment to Defense Authorization
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we, let all within us praise his holy name!
Meeting up at 2nd  Bell
Just met!
Super fun meeting Lauren at nyudatamine.
Great hearing about her upcoming data viz talk!
The desert fathers say: an arch fell in Scetis, all because of a cup of wine.
Congrats Groove!
RT : Congrats to won the second place for Blog  Facebook Biz Buzz awards.
haha I don't lose :
It's only a matter of time before my ears fall off due to my earbud wires getting caught on absolutely everything.
Know someone in Nashville?
Send em to pucketts in leipers fork.
Awesome band!
I'm at a metal show at the earl.
Although i am enjoying my time, is it normal to feel like a misanthrope??
Curious then who you are against and why.
14YearOld DeliversPetition Against Digital Photo Manipulation to Seventeen Magazine
TY for the RT.
You rock!
Hope you can join us at the Health Expo.
It will be big fun surrounded by so many healthy people!
thanks for your insights and and analysis ...
appreciate it!
Omg dashboard confessional should just kill himself and put his money where his mouth is
The day after watching avengers, all I keep thinking is hulksmash!!!
'Twas awesome in 3D!!
Can't wait to see it again!
cool!
Championship point and...
Djokovic wins!
What wine pairs best with Blue Angels viewing?
All I can say to this is EWWW  RT Gone for an hour, come back and now Lonsberry's talking about his hemorrhoids.
The next travel experience begins in two days.
Preparing for Costa Rica!
RT : Go!
Pictures, talk to people, document things.
Did you go?
Looks like at Cannes, Baron Cohen's Dictator is at it again : Bravo for him !
Congrats to for winning a free Unify license!
That makes our final winner for the day.
Thanks everyone for playing!
Yup.
We were wrong.
Bulls would have looked same with Rose.
our expectations were high  which is why this all sucks so much.
Let's go Barney chants in my mlb2k12.
Hahaha luv it
The dealine for the O'Hagan poetry contest has been extended to tomorrow at 4.
CUA students should submit for the chance at a cash prize.
Enjoyed some mulled wine with brandy, orange peel, cinnamon, cloves and all the good stuff.
Reminded me of childhood days with
So far, the NATO protests have been peaceful.
I hope this trend continues.
Son of a motherless goat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ah, I have been wanting to yell that for a while!
Passion and character are hard to find.
Try the bathroom.
sem2011 Martin Daughtry on weird work in the field and his recent work on sound and war in Iraq.
Excellent and innovative.
Excited that the Mike Shannon's Groupon is flying, check it out www.groupon.com/stlouis
that guys everything makes me want to throw up on maself
Congrats !
Good game tonight homie
You're what I started.
Started trying to go to bed at 11pm EST.
it is now 2:15.
Tomorrow is going to be seriously painful.
Round 2...
What did you have in mind?
I'm going to order from Macaroni Grill, I'd FedEx you a dish if it was possible :P
LOL here we go playing Whackamole again!
sigh...
bedtime...
Have fun stormign the castle.
If you can't handle my worst you ain't gettin' my best
today if i'm not too tired from work.
looks like kirk cameron and tracey golds illigitimate lovechild.
The week has been awesome, as usual.
How about for you, Scott?
Still loving your new city?
Finally on Spring break 3
thanks man!
I'm having a blast working on the set and building my resume!
Are you working on anything new?
Something..
:/ don't worry bout it.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
What else do you recommend?
Please do email us to .
I can always work out a special discount for you.
Very important commentary!
NowFollowing the talented
this humidity makes me want to head back to Cali...I am definitely looking forward to fall weather
Goodnight 3:D
Just had some leftovers for lunch pooping:
RT Love this assemby of beautiful women.
xxoo FF  Echoing sentiment Happy Mothers Day
Orcas was fun and everything, but the 5 hour wait for the ferry home I could do without.
Patiently waiting
My father was bald, his father was bald along with his 5 brothers.
Cheap ribs and the BCS title game?
Sounds like a good night to come to Rhodeside.
Nothing better than to land, check the score, and see a Niners victory.
BET's Leading Women Defined.
Hosted by Debra Lee.
A vision she had 3 yrs ago to bring a group of women together
THIS HAS BEEN MY FAVORITE HOUR OF MY LIFE LOOOL AH 333 amazing job
I'm doing a twitter press conference in 3 mins.
Ask me whatever.
I don't give a shit.
What's up y'all?
I've been missing you.
I'm in the mood for garlic crabs!
M..
time to make a trip to sanford!
i miss our autorickshaw adventures!
i was just thinking about this today!
: skype please?
The pool is packed and the party is still going....get down here!
last Thursday of the school year!
thankthelord needoutofhere summer2012 
you might as well do a trivia
A doctornking game: a shot for every interception Grossman throws!
You so GROWN so come on out and say it with yo GROWN ass lol
For the record, the Cubs have been playing better ever since I began mocking u for yr optimism.
Credit is mine.
And I'm sure several that only tenuously have a connection to jazz, but I reviewed 'em anyways.
By the way, whose gig?
good luck Saturday even though I know I'm gonna see you guys in the super bowl!
night night
Yeh i know
Thnx for the follow, it was very interesting to hear a badger alum's take on social networking  politics at the uwethics conf
Applications for Camp Challenge '12 are available now!
Site coordinators have access!
Email for more info
You broke my heart.Now i'm gonna break something of yours  Patrick
Anyone wanna chat?
Please DM me!
I really wanna talk to my followers!:D
Hear hear!
RT : It's a beautiful day to write about objects!
TeamGemini all day :
Very good idea.
Robert
have fun on www.aaron.tv :
THANKS!!
YOU have sweet shirts
hm I wonder who your sponsor will be for the luncheon...
I NEED NOTES by April 6!
listening to Rosalie from Thin Lizzy...m
thank you!
Excited for the next one.
What a great community!
Today is my last day at Duke!
Thanks to all my Durham friends!
Moving to CA on Wed, to start a new job and new adventure at Apple, Inc.
Please check out , our new free Chicagobased app that gives you cash back  donates 5 to charity every time you swipe your card!
You don't mind following do u?
:D
Current statistics from the American Diabetes Association show that 25.8 million childoctorn and adults have diabetes.
Strangest bedfellows: Roger Hedgecock writes oped for the UT, paper that doctorve him from Mayor's office, and he has since despised.
your fine, a little dumb but fine
I know right!
..
Thank You Arisha :D
Let's try this shit again.
I love rice pudding, but I'm not gonna eat it at the bar.
You guys would be like who's this clown eating rice pudding at the bar?
Tippr in Seattle is looking for Python devs and Product Managers  if you or someone you know is interested, let me know!
I hate you because your an annoying doctorma whore.
MLM News!
Regeneration USA
After that it's hard to narrow down...
last 3 of series 3, Impossible Planet/Satan Pit, Waters of Mars, End of Time...
going to start laminating because laminating makes everything official
my laptop battery bout weak as hell
I'm going to Florida with my friend and her family and we stopped here to eat haha :
RT : Been playing music for 20 yrs  still can't get through a classical concert w/o having fantasies of disrupting everything.
take a pik and post it in the group on fb
We have LAY AWAY PLAN!!!!
3 months
nothin much.
How about yourself
I gotta root for my favorite players team tomorrow for the intrasquad SpringTraining game tomorrow.
teamHelton baby!!
The supreme prayer of my heart is not to be learned, rich, famous, powerful, or good, but simply...to radiate life.
Elbert Hubbard
I thought there is going to be more civility?
Threats and cursing don't seem very civil to me, try conflict resolution org
anyone watching the loiter squad?
: Nice chatting Nai Looking forward to meeting u next tuesday at 2:30 and letting yur customers text u using
Maybe you did.
But only on one Word.
Thanks for forwarding, great infographic.
Looks like we agree  fundamentals of companies are much better now vs.
'99.
Love how it takes 2 days to respond to a tweet...step your game up clown.
Cant wait for our man date to hunger games tonight
2011.08.24 Pirates 2 Brewers 0  Pendulum offense / Bats that run hot and cold mean / series split with Bucs
egypt is the only thing newsworthy.
I learned, from bingvsgoog that twitter search still has a ways to go for
LOL everyone hates her
how much wiggle room is there?
saw posts abt some deals, no details on if they vary at all
i dont know how to talk about porn for 7 pages..
I.
Hate.
Pimples.
I hope duke appreciates my story.
i thought it was funny  creative.
moverslongisland available Friday  Sunday!
Reserve Your time now!
professorssionals at work!
You will be amazed, You will recommend!
Thank You
so nice outside.
Are you on the tebowing wagon?
Better than planking?
Looking forward to the show.
Heading down this weekend to see it.
heyy follow me;
Happy Tuesday!
Feeling much more chipper today than yesterday.
SB hangover is finally over.
You Bitches Stay Up in Eachother
who the fuck u laughin at!!
Get the facts about date and acquaintance rape!
Did u knw that most rapes are committed by someone the person knows?
weekend, weekdays, you name it!
Great weekend in SF!
Tons of plans and peeps to coordinate.
Thanks !!!!
lolololol never baked a burrito!
Is that fight between Tebow Fans and Bronco fans?
That would be a fitting end to today.
oh u know the future?
They're the most battle tested team in the playoffs and have the best pieces to do it.
Mail call!!!
The New York State Department of Taxation  Finance Certificate of Authority to collect sales and use tax has arrived!!!
So sweet!
Blessings to you...
Killed that freestyle, the beats were weak though, I need to do a record for him!
str8 up!
RT nba elite 11 on the iphone is insanely good!
I recommend this!
Merry Christmas everyone, god bless.
RT A big Thank you for the follow teamfollowback Thanks again!
Thank you Darius!
Thanks for the love!
Yes.
You can make reservations by calling the brewpub at 5949800.
yes seems like a common theme these days for you.
:
UN Panel Calls For Limits On National Wealth Out of OUR BUSINESS  HELL NO NWO
I am having dinner at Sardi's.
Time warped into the 50's but in a good way.
thank you.
I have been told the Adam thing a few times.
I'm a hige fan of Adams
an atheist i may be, but i am also a recovering catholic so now i just confess to a god i don't believe in.
tip on how to find a job.
Go downtown to biggest building u can find and look atthe directors go up to offices ask for app
Could give a fuck bout later, bitch i'm on now.
any welloiled hogs out there this sunday morning?
cum see my hardbody lol!
Looking forward to a great !
Great turnaround by the bills
you look like a geisha that's being comforted by her European companion
I really enjoy it when someone says Have a blessed day rather than Have a nice day.
how was it?
A: : There's always new data: mobile, behaviors  it's always changing
Thanks so much.
I feel like my bf would get random hand jobs every time we make out..
Heading north on 45 this time of morning should be fine as long as you start north of the zoo interchange.
To Mequon 30 mins.
Awww!
Love kids in art museums!!!
This boy looks about 6, totally leading his family through the space look at this one!
It takes a different kind of person to be a las vegas cab doctorver lol
Fuuuck it's too hot :
What's the perfect food accompaniment to go with a pint of Guinness?
HappyHour at the pub and I'm hungry!
I really hope no one notices that we are moving a zoo into our new apt.
Stop it!
It is unacceptable for me scream with laughter while I am at work.
Coming to Sydney in May!
Please contact me to work with your family and set up talks.
oh yes!!
Always!
xoxo
Have fun!!
I think I need to jettison some of my friends cc et
When I feel a little depressed, I remember there are people that tweet over 20,000 times a year, and I feel better.
PR for Small Biz OwnersGet info to right people!
Thanks for the great article
Text me first , or we wont be talking....
So far at : dark taxa, portraits, and starfish.
Next up...?
I said yes because I thought I still liked you.
Wow terrell suggs out for the season..that's a big loss for the ravens
Is it the world is coming to an end or it is just a political games that kill people?
What's about all those wars around the world?
Thanks
Well as long as your sorry xD
Wll ck ur site.
FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
That is a pretty good wifi antenna
How does one master hobo culture  lingo?
What information sources does one use?
Or does one simply ride the rails in like 1932?
more like a new engine!!
hahahahaha ME TOO
doood that right there is the shit
Until Facebook, I had forgotten that I went to high school with guys named Skip and Corky.
digging the circle of 5
my favorite app is blogger for the iPad
So excited for baseball season!
Who wants to go see a game with me this summer?
RT : Meet transgender friends from all over the world.
Come on in and join the conversations 24/7 www.tgtalk.com
Need some lox with that bagel!
:
Not exactly sure about that 1...
Would need to connect w IT dept.
RT : what service are you using for streaming?
who does this hairy baby belong to?
Around Good music.
Good peoples.
Loving life
you know, claps..tambourine...
what am I missing?
from excel into access an that was it!
: I got lucky haha
On last night's Colbert Report, he said writing about white people only made life so much easier.
I'm sure it did, buddy.
depends what you actually want.
We can do some.
And we can definitely do a better job at reaching out to those communities.
Open calls like the current one are a small start.
is offering various great Investment packages in the upcoming feature film LOVE HEIST  contact me for details.
I fucking l o v e wearing hoodies.
Showtime!!!
Lehhhhh go!!!
3 princess d
would you describe Iverson just a great athlete or one of Philly's greatest entertainers?
Georgia Tech went Milwaukee/St.
Louis/San Antonio in '04 to get to the Final Four, same route this year.
Could it be an omen?
whatwewanttohear!
RT : Early meetings so my large coffee from will definately be needed!
Next, Craig Carnelia teaches a master class in acting and musical theater.
today am not feeling grand :
I'm finally home:
Oh My Atlanta, Georgia where lives 21
Black Girls Rock is Rockin nieces have pictures of a lifetime.
They met my friend, Debra Lee Chair of BET smart, brilliant sister.
BGR!
QFT RT : Preindustrial Inuits: no cancer, no heart disease, no alzheimer's.
Only ate meat.
Maybe it's something else.
His piece is coming up!
RT : we love tyler, sabrina
Just saw the pilot of Awake, can't get enough of it.
Lmao its a problem that my 2 year old sister knows the words to Starships by Nicki
Just made my first postcraniotomy attempt at calculus.
My brain still works, but I feel a bit dizzy.
Remember to patronize our sponsors, and show your support for live music.
This weather is superb!
Be a greener runner and train outdoors  treadmills and stair climbing machines use a lot of electricity!
Niall!
ily:D please follow me x
Just to set the record straight and despite what Vic Johnson says, Kari Lantos is NOT lazy!
you're welcome.
HOW AWKWARD It must've been for the guy who invented clapping...
clapclap ..
dude, what are you doing?
..
idk but it sounds encouraging.
if ur tired u can go to bed and come over tomorrow .
Stop by to win a scooter from
What is your favorite Class Is In Session song?
Download the mixtape and let me know!
Sounds like a job for : I need a DJ with a generator ANYONE??

can i get a hot tub?
Christina Coursey!
Your kindness has floored us!
Thank you so much!
Prodigy your doing a GREAT job.
I'm tired but is keeping me up.
I'm wearing a down parka at my desk at work.
Meanwhile, I took off my coat when I went outside because it was balmy...
Have you checked out My Munch Bug's site?
www.mymunchbug.com Great resource!!
LIFE IS ILL IM SICK AND IM REAL.FOLLOW THE NEXT KING
oh, I might accidently burn it with the curling iron.
I might try and give myself bangs and screw up.
oh lord lol RT GOOD GOD!
RT about time they have an ad 4 the females!
AND ME BEB.
Thank you to all who have and are serving our country.
Peter you're a hero Thank you for the ultimate sacrifice.Forever in our hearts.
What is your favorite Bloody Mary garnish?
and my mentions are broken :/
looked in penelope's mouth and found 4 missing teeth...thats 6 teeth lost in 3 days...that reminds me has anyone seen teeth the movie :/
Headaches and stress will all be over very son lalallla lalllaaa
There's none near me.
That's why I have to go every time I come down South!
those bastards!
Lol
Are you a female Philly sports fan?
Interested in blogging about Philly sports?
Send a writing sample over to !
The Kinks and html not a bad Thursday
Nobody takes what he says seriously anyway.
His hockey IQ is lower than most fans.
Just look at his Islanders GM record.
Learn Modern Style Bachata free tonight at 8pm Irie!
I give up I'm sick of being treated this way you got your wish hope this makes u happy..Goodbye
Hoppy Easter!!
Wishing everyone a beautiful day ahead!
glad you could make it to the game!!
Loving the s4pm chat : Lurk or join!
thanks dude!
Lmao who still say swag?
Looking for mister Rodoctorquez
Agree on the living beyond our means point .
Irl: pop size of Manchester.
Morons overpaying themselves and don't seem to be worried.
We just had a blood test 6 weeks ago showing she's allergic 2 green peas/sesame/apples.
So why test again soon?
im going to bed though!
If you can find a pic of you on tv and send it to me, that'd be cool : Gnight!
Lob city no more, Flop city it is!!!
Haha!
That's the truth.
Funny how Washington fawns over the Hollywood B listers.
Some wouldn't even be covered by TMZ.
golf instructor calls me yesterday new student tries powerchute takes 8 swings and TELLS him I want one pulls out wallet instruc mind blown
Now I am not the lonely guy with the van I doctorve a prious, but it would be fun to hear about.
I do I know a young kid with a van
I forget lol
ImAlexsGirl love ya : 
do it for Johnny!
wrongmovie lol
Sadly, I have an Instagram addiction and will not stop using it because of this.
Unless they REALLY mess things up.
just followed me?!
Woaaaaaaah!
RT If you want people to RT your stuff, know how many characters you need to leave to make it easy on them.
I leave at least 14.
ill do my best
no spoilers!!!
how was your interview this morning?
I'll come up with something!
Scheduling my first post for tomorrow.
:
my mom  uncle are here from TN, so we doctorve up NM4 through Jemez today  and it snowed around Valles Caldera.
Weird weather.
I hate freshmen sorry not sorry.
Congrats Deion Sanders you made it to the Halloffame You changed the game.
My favorite.
Top 4 soccer stories of the day.1FCBarcelona fails to practice White House 2Neymar fantastic goal 3Bradley Fired 4 World cup Sub20
Thanks for the shout out !
Money make the world go round!
Ryan, thanks for following us!
You are our first follower!
'68, unusual sexual energy is norm n our culture, all sexual affiliations are viewed w/ an essence of ?
whatchacallit?fear?
Good morning Tweeps.
TGIF.
S/O to all my new followers!!!
I cleared my cookies, and then gmail reset to English.
Naps are my new best friends.
3
get at me with screenprint prices please
Thank you for FF !
okay I'll follow
i waz supposed to say name lol :/
Is it weird that I feel smart because I answered the majority of the questions in teen jeopardy correctly?
My moms words are so beautiful xD that's why I curse soo much :P
I miss yours too!!
Come to Indy?
;
Vine would.
She's a cold hearted gal.
I'm a strange individual  that turns you on.
Yes.
I a manager with Aveda.
4th level across from Starbucks
ever find that injecting astronomical accuracy into star trek sex takes all the fun out of it?
Your welcome;
: I went to the only mall in history without a shoe store.
haha that sucks
Avatar, great movie, just broke 2 billion worldwide.
Another nice family dinner.
Beer can chicken on the grill, roasted rosemary potatoes and chocolate fettuccini for dessert.
We are looking forward to having you visit!
Is it for A special occasion?
i'm with you, but I'm afraid that in ten years we'll be like those guys who will only listen if it's on vinyl, man!
Twitter Friend/Follow ratio is important criteria for selecting who I follow.
it's better than high school?
And I'm goin to hcc first then a university!
:
I'm here, too.
Which terminal?
doctorw's a must follow for college hoops news / csnbayarea.com issues!
soproud RT Making appearance on tonight
Those salsa classes I took in Vietnam are paying off in
Well...off to run in the rain!
Sunday  Brick Session
I just saw this !
But thank you for giving us a shoutout !33
Our Board Member will be presenting at TEDActive in Palm Springs!!!
CONGRATS!!
Woo Hoooo
like what if you see them on the streets?
you have to look good for a photo op!
or be asked to come over to the hotel ; ahaha.
that's because zuccarello isn't big enough to knock the net off
afc champion and nfc champion : ravens and gaints is what i want :
The posters featured in Deconstructing Perestroika were loaned by The Wende Museum...Visit the museum for a free tour led by the...
Interview jitters and running late not a good combo
what book is it
i was about to smack the shit out this lady cuttn me off while im tryna explain
ian your eyes should be illegal !!
she asked me do i lick..
i said wears yo purse lol
do I get a refund on my cable bill for the poor quality?
Basketball game in the morning, Lake Eola festival for lunch and a BBQ with friends to round out Saturday.
Stoked!
Your shouldn't be a copy of your resume.
Engage people by being creative, urges
Dear 76ers, if y'all don't take care of business be prepared to get yo ass whooped on Sat Game 7 United Center.
Honestly I'd to anything for
how was you're day?
Or still at work?
this is why i dont follow bitches...
they think they r poets nshit...
YouTube T.Mills  She's Got A.
AND I HAVE THIS STUPID RUDOLF PIMPLE AGAIN.
AWESOME.
Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow.
New !!
Woo hoo!
Life is so rewarding to those who live with purpose,built through the struggle's pain and love.
Who do you think will be 5 on our list of the Top 10 Current NBA Players?
Guess right and win a game for your iPhone.
No kidding, but shit, you can't win a game with 16 pts...RT : I'm beyond furious right now
Actually it's a different version!
Strange Things is 75 min long whereas CoH is the 52min TV edit, w/ postEQ footage added.
You know your a badass when you go to avon high school
Beef Fried Rice.
Hi there, folks.
you guys were great tonight!
Hope to see more of your shows soon!
:
Hey, every shopper for his/herself.
I don't blame ya!
We're still working on AJ wedding outfit, so he was forced to come...
Fresh Chips and Curry Sauce, Movies With The Family.?
you looking for in house?
or just a seo team that gets the results?
6232554088 ext1 Ask for Dean
Winner: Best Nickname For The Incredibly Predictable Nashville Blogger goes to  RT : Clay Franklin
haha damn those beetles.
Had to bs that whole lab!
What is more, that regression has paralleled the explosion of the religious right in the area.
Correlation or causation?
Fo sure!
That would be great.
Hawks are getting worked right now.
Please send me the pic.
please follow back?
:
: Ah...
the fireplace at the Hotspur!
Please say hi to everyone next week!
:
I took it down should I repost it?RT Youre brilliant.
Quick question, What happened to the song That was Then?
Just DM'ed you the price.
please.
Let your boys off the hook last night.
Going at least 6.
Always interesting: Google Promotes Online Safety With 'Good to Know ' Campaign
iPad in bag of rice  I am saying some prayers for my dear CK Dexter Haven.
Please recover.
Not sure.
Maybe Eric can field this question if he's willing to break his 0 tweet record.
What type of dog is Joey?
facebook kicked me out, so I guess ill crash on Twitter for a while lolz
Home, all on list accomplished.
Working now on my wiki.
Next week is a BIG week...ACDA things.
thanks, Merle!
G'night!
Looking for a candidate for Weber Shandwick at the AS level who will work on one of the firms largest global healthcare clients.
bdavis
: I want one dm me!
You cannot direct me, I am Klaus Kinski.
You will never leave this jungle alive.
I am Werner Herzog.
I feel like when girls like whiskey they've beaten me.
I just like Bud Lite ok world?!?!?
Someone's got a potty mouth behind me.
resume tips When going over your resume and career, make sure you have a job title when writing your document.
And wants to move his guitars in.
He's thinking we'll have sing a longs during breaks from our idea generating work.
Shots of jamesons.
O we
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
can't wait till tomorrow
aaight ill find u wen i touch down to see wat happenin

Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and He shall strengthen thine heart!
Join us tonight for Girls' Night Out  LSU!!
Doors open at 7:30pm/LSU Student Union Ballroom  Admission is free!
thanks for following, Brandon !
Oh shit.
They did break up!
Family First.
Who's excited?
RT First wager under Nevada licence optimistically plausible within this calendar year.
NEVER that!
Lakers4Life : lol!
Join the Clipper rise!
Imma fag.
And I found out Trey Songs gay....I'm tryna get it in
Yes, did you?
freaking followed me!
OMG!
So happy right now!
That defies the law of physics!!
million dollar idea: YOLO water.
Someone could literally put anything in a bottle, label it YOLO water, and I would buy it.
raw10 im n a elevator w/ 7 other ppls, some1 let out a silent fart, it was deadly.
no 1 claimed it.
we needed the CSI ass sniffing div.
amazon really.....
1735 business days for a phone case to come?
Get your sht together

Follow me  Get  F0LL0WBACK  akika143
Well throats still swollen today, at least I knocked out plenty of tracks yesterday.
Hope this doesnt take long to heal.
thanks Ron, tell your friends about us
Come and take a run on my avenue, I'll show you the world if you want me to.
Hard to get super excited about a Sixers win with Rose out, but I'll take it.
Okay so I've pinged Harriet 6 times, called her twice and left a voicemail, somehow I don't think she's getting up.
Attending 'Iris' by tonight, can't wait.
Thanks for the tickets!
If doesn't play Skinny Love next Thursday in SF, I might pout a lot.
cc
Let's go Sharks!
I wish u would follow me!
Ur the greatest bboy eveeeerrr!
Soo amazing and jaw doctorpping!
:D
Happy Belated Book Birthday to POPULAR released yesterday  I can't wait to read it!
Not sure, yet, but I hope so!
you guys made a delicious gf meal for me last week.
It was awesome!!
doll hope u dont mind if I kinda take credit for dat pic of ma fren 33 love yhuu
2nd of all I am JESSIE FRAUSTO JR...
who just happens to be on TWITTER.
Fantastic bhlib meeting with new African colleagues Looks like I'll finally get 1 of my old doctorams come true and work 4 Africa 2!
I witch you a Happy Halloween !
my slim isn't reading discs anymore.
All I get is a message saying Open Tray.
tried powercycling, etc.
any ideas?
lls no u were supposed to say aww bby im sorry
it's been awhile for Sixers fans
Go see Warren Malone tonight at Rockwood Music Hall at 8PM.
At the concert...club paradise tour...
Another test....hopefully a successful one!!
Except for work, I'm chucking Facebook.
It's creepy how they're funneling news down into more  more narrow streams.
I should've known.
Comcast is evil.
All my other channels were fine.
They dumped Trong?
For what, blasphemy?
News Technologies wrapped up at SXaccel.
One theme was show me the money, ways to monetize web for publishers.
It's the same thing.
Why don't you get that.
It's no safer in the store unless they legally required to test products, etc
best small business to start
Sounds like a typical day atright On Communications!
Watching perform : simply amazing and so beautiful 3
Education Education does not make us educable.
It is our awareness of being unfinished that makes us educable.
Paulo Freire
snif my jaw just fell open
KRod always makes it interesting
I need a favor from someone.
Or some people.
Great read in about the reinvention of the Arnold Palmer brand.
In '11, Arnie pulled in 36M.
And that was a DOWN year.
get the Cheetah Club cracking lol : A Strip Club needs to let me do promo one night a month.
had a great night out with babe last night then had a bbq today with some of my neighbors for mothers day.
you thinking Hillis doesn't produce same 's again this year?
Thanks bro!
On tha kool i wanna go skating today ..
Brewers 2B Rickie Weeks is not in the lineup on Monday for the 3rd straight game due to a wrist injury.
Right now has got me going nuts with photo uploads.
Loving the copyright option.
Putting my good photos there.
Why did the 3 women cross the road?
Forget that!
Why're those bitches out of the kitchen!?
I love you  u are so right!
Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful Las Vegas weather!
Today's high is 77 degrees.
closest think I can think of is cipollotti, but only in certain regions and I am not even sure
I had to stop listening to his speeches.
Bad for my blood pressure.
Plus I look rather insane screaming at the TV/radio.
Q: What three twoletter words denote /small/?
A: /Is it in?/
You welcome, and thanks.
:
We've both climaxed....its Over Now !
Internal Locus Of Control
Beautiful day and need help with some decision making.
Work or beach.
work or beach...Thats too easy...BEACH!!!
Wouldn't it be the worst if some douche decided to play whatever they thought was tasteful at your funeral ????
Thanks for sharing, that brought back some great memories.
: 
Hey guys, today is my birthday.
3
Don always gets the final word.
School in a bit :
I laugh in the face of unpredictabilty....so long as my car doesn't break down.
Happy Friday guys!
Publishers worried about backlist
If you come in my room, I expect you to close the door.
awwwwkk..
hahaha didn't mean it to go that far guys hahaha.
RT : Storytelling is a great way to humanize science says
Can't wait to see you all at PinkPumpTea!
this summer they are doing another us tour gosh and I thought you would know this by now and what tickets?
I'm looking all good I'm making her wet They pay me respect they pay me in checks
Heading off to AASLH10 to present with and on our teacher collabs.
Lkng fwd to historical enlightenment!
Typecasting again, I see.
I'm at work!
Why yes, yes it /IS/ Sunday!
Thanks for mentioning it.
Holy freaking rain batman
thumbs up
4 hours until kickoff with
well good is in the eyes of the beholder ...
right?
I'm covering a lot of bases, so I guess pretty good.
You??
We are glad to have you!
Playing Sunday Brunch at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando 10:30  2:30 
Who wants some
sorry, had to catch a train in the afternoon.
maybe next time.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to our WONDERFUL workday volunteers for transforming Marion St.
It looks amazing!!
Show Friday, July 8 at 10pm Saturday July 9 at 4am 5 before 11pm, 5 for CANCERS DJ ESTATIC buying Ladies in Red Pumps a doctornk til 11..
So true.
RT : You can tell if a person has trouble telling people no by the state of their FB  Linkedin friend request list...
S/o to our new followers!!!!
that's the hard part lol you want to but it's like NO gotta do it
I cant deal with any of this.
:
okay, so maybe computers arent their thing but seriously the iphone is amazing, imagine having ed.
Almost back to nashville.
Excited yo play at thats cool tonight at ten!
I eat carbs
Clarify your message before delivering your pitch.
Write your pitch as a script and leave it as a voice message on your own phone.
Moss will play in the finals against Liberty senior Ayaka Terakawa who beat Wilsonville senior Hannah Anderson 60, 60 in semis.
Nice!
just took some dudes down in their new Chevy interceptors!
Today was much needed fun :
Yes.
A whorediot.
I know I was hoping you'd say Houston lmao
but information, love and confidence overpower the hate always:
blessing the Truth on my TL;
CHECK YA EMAIL
I know what you wanna get on........oh
if we miss our connection, will need it!
Thanks.
I'm not so much upset about NC's ban on gay marriage as I am that after all these years I still can't get a date.
Who are the Toronto athletes on Canada's 493 strong PanAm Games team?
I live in Canada and I expect to be able to follow their achievements.
since Viking times!
:D
yeah man..
I wish I were a good enough writer.
It'd be as big as Radio....
Georgetown CCPE thanks all of our service men and women for their dedication and sacrifice for our country
Thank you.
Love you too.
: No Doubt's first album in 11 years is due Sept.
25.
Will it be ska or pop?
Rooting for ska.
I have a hankering for some Tijuana Flats
I wonder if Daylight Saving leaves you impaired enough to qualify for a DUI...I'm all yawned out today!
Yikes
Toughest position to fill: NFL coaching job, of any kind.
you can fall me or follow me :
doctorW SOMETHING PLAY WITH ME : Candice2009
The more time I spend with you, the more I realize I don't want to be without you
My girl got heels higher then yo standards
throw a party.
Then you won't be lonely
RT : How has your Monday been?
Any fun adventures with your pup today?
do they like cat food?
maybe the'll leave yr garden alone!
Of course!!!
Works better when I can see you at closing.
This is really throwing me off .
.
.
Goodbye Twitter....
See you later 
Lmao!
Im sorry but thats creepy.
i missed my show.
If Mitt's elected president, I'll Romney in my pants.
Can You Put The Whole Part 1 On A Twitlonger So I Can Read It??
:
Get ready for a picture dump guys.
First up, BOWLING pics.
And so Friday evening begins!
Breastfeeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests, since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
Mike Harding
Its so well written!
I still laugh when guys put golf balls in their shirt, like little boobies So little!
Taking the tour
DC united 3  AC Milan 0  beer cups spinning wildly
Superbowl Sunday Patriots vs Giants..
Patriots for the win.
Cool Tip To Stay Cool: Have sex with a Snowman or SnowLady.
But get their permission first or they will melt you.
Especially when content is undefined when design begins and it has to be designed twice.
We found love in a hopeless place.
Take a fucking pitch Bettancourt.
You are correct again sir.
omg he's the best.
Hahaha his shoes were just amazing
because they look like birds, and probably carry the avian flu.
Sick.
: Tiny face white girls frighten me.
Take charge of your attitude.
Dont let someone else choose it for you!
RT : Thx !
RT Awesome time at Ready, Set, Connect.
Makes me excited for what's to come!
not good...
What do you do??
the first rule of Jeremy Lin is...
Working my mind up to do my workout...before brunch.
Almost there, lol.
Just found this...very cool.
I am a Veteran/Actor.
I'm currently filming on 'The Lone Ranger'
kay kay :
I just saw The Lucky One and you were fantastic.
Loved it!
Smile.
Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends?
Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over.
Walter Anderson
Mike, It's a good webinar.
I'm listening to it now!
cc:
Good luck to all those running in the elections this week!
Don't forget to vote guys!!
yes email me at
RT : Have u raised awareness of autism this month?
Tell someone you know about Autism NOW: a national autism resource from The...
Thanks for the RT!
And your diss topic sounds interestingare you working with Jean Campbell at Emory?
Happy Cousin Day, North Carolina
I feel free
Your show was phenomenal!
Wow!
So great live!
Thanks for the shoutout :
Thank you mom for the 4 alarm chili and cornbread.
My mouth has been burning for about 20 minutes now!!
:
yes I do...
It's Fayven Liu.
:D haha
me too!
w00t
ill have a car when I get out there so it wont be no worries
oh okay Thats what's up.
;
Oh, btw  I discovered a few days ago in working on my family tree, that I have cousins in Australia.
commercial with wiz khalifa!
pittsburgh represent
Aasdfndkabsb i definitely was went to be born in the Uk...but I live in the US how awks
Today, 36 childoctorn will be diagnosed with cancer.
13,500 childoctorn are diagnosed every year.
September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.
take a bus just to cuddle with me haha?XD
A client just emailed me claiming that receiving access to was Kind of like Christmas for geeks.
New favorite email.
Thank ya sir :D
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
C.
S.
Lewis
RT : DAMMIT I hate when I have a decent tweet and misspell somthing
Chicago is super nice except when it is cloudy or freezing.
Have fun and success in DC!
I DON'T REMEMBER ANY OF THIS STUFF.
ugh
thank you.
Miss u!!!!
XOXO
is the person armed?
Nothing but beautiful women tonight!
Are you here yet??
thank you too!!
I never seen.her.
Charles Barkley's Weight Watchers commercials
Of definitely!
If I come back to Texas I would want to work with the Tribune again.
you already know...
Lol
time for some early morning strengthfinder reading.
let's see if this really lives up to the hype.
Actually crying at JLS album chart show, i love them so much.
Listen to some Whitney!
just call it a better smelling Shea.
life man life
yes.
I've presented 2 night rn.
I came in late/early 2 present.
Also looked  idea of electronic journal club but haven't started
greatest love of all!
I'm a sap for a great ballad
My hood  the one next to it
: I got to the mall to go to champs and they're closed....
What's good with that remodel
Aftr Richmond tonite we'll b  the North Star Bar 2639 W.
Poplar Street Philly Doors  9pm 10 21 hope to c u there pass it along!!
Da BlackHawks, Da Bulls, Da Cubs.
Special shout out to an amazing game by Da PhilHumber.
Come by for Da Specials!
true story: some bitches on the street asked if I was Kid Ikarus.
Said they saw the mixtape on website and dug.
I said, good.
I PLUGGED YOUR IPOD IN AND IT ERASED EVERYTHING
I don't know.
How do I find that out?
This is not a stepping stone for me, Dumanis says.
just tweeting 2 say that you look gorgous in ur professorle pic :
RT : If you cheat, lie  hurt them and they still give you a second chance, they love you.
I agree that social media can't be described as simply a tool, but affordances are still something about tools
Getting ready for today's open house in gated Sun Gate www.newmexicohomesales.vom
Genius is 1 inspiration and 99 perspiration  Thomas Edison
I'll give you a hint Che faccia Bella!
and we saw it in the theatre ...
?
Wow with one leg this dude kick as in one round
Well, I will definitely check it out.
I was hoping for something good.
I'm attending MW2012, please add me to your list.
Thx!
I agree that paras need training in ABA but so do the general and special ed teachers who should be guiding their work.
Clippers or Grizzlies?
Who do you have winning?
LADIES NIGHT 2night  UltraBar!!!
VIP 4 LADIES 21  FREE on Guest List TXT me last minute names for List A.S.A.P.
7034073810
was very tempted, but doctorclean only is a dealbreaker.
when dude bone checks the chicken he's eating.
I dunno dude, math is hard.
Dear straight men.
Just because I'm gay does NOT mean I want your dick.
You might be cute but I don't want your fucking dick.
trying to help other teacher via Adobe Connect w/ her's...
try instead  transparent technology, easier to help w problem!
Wearing my new pants from to the gym :
RT : Partnership with EDWorks and to bring STEM skills to students via gaming featured on ...
: It was so good!
I spent the weekend reading CLASH OF KINGS on the beach.
Like this new he will break the record for most majors and will do it as a better person
GhostHunters is presently 20 on Google's Search Trends  that's huge!
what did he do?
even the acting?
Tennessee football officially SUCKS!
you been wack, might send some chicago niggas, get ya kidnapped with ya bitch ass, hit the doctorer cause ya washed, splish splash
Aloft tonight come check it 2 Bud Lights  3 captainins...
Hit me up for info 8820317 its right by Grigio and In  Out Tempe!!!
Zoo Season is approaching...
Are you ready?
ZOOAMP OKC Tell your favorite artists to come see US in OKLAHOMA!
Hooray!
First day of  tour.
Next up: Laura Zebuhr on C19 friendship albums of signatures, flowers, verses, acrostics, hair, doctorwings from
u up boo
to qualify to be a fucking spanish teacher you have to be a fucking dyke!
why is headache
I AM SO PRIZZOUD TO HAVE A COOL FRIEND LIKE ...
Get it gurl with that doctorp into ur splits..
Mhm
Just heard the phils have scored first in 14 of 15 games.
Just got a Pell Grant for 5,550 worth of financial aid from The University of West Florida!!
haha I know right!
I was rockin those hearty glasses 
I'm honestly not sure, cuz I ordered it from my school's cafe.
That's all it said on the board.
:P
Yes, it should help.
I think the label is going for the weight of the album vs.
the single pulling the album.
Miss picks?
First visit to Case plant in Racine.
Awesome!
What a good way to end the day:'
talkin some knowledge right now.
You will look so badass in doctorVE!
didn't make me laugh once...and that made me laugh!
Looks like a killer performance.
Serching for my lost dog!!!!
Finished the week with a BANG!
My piece on SMG PIO Villarreal may not have moved, but it was a top read...
Sorry I somehow missed the birthday wishes!
Sadly, no ALA for me this yearmaybe next year.
Contemplating whether to upload my I'm so raw freestyle.
YUM!
Enjoy your lunch!!
:D RT : Monicals for lunch today 8D
walked by the lot today.
Super pumped.
Ima doctorg you with me lol RT : to hell you go !
lol
5/19  Now on stage at Comic Strip Live  It's Late Night!!!
Sad loss of adoctorennerich.
Keep hearing fierce in all the eulogies....
Maybe if I cleaned it I wouldn't hear anything
Be an American....Vote!
We must work to eliminate petroleum fuels from use for transportation, heat and electricity production.
I should totally run for president.
My sisters have me liking Adventure time and Regular show.
the round red fox hopped over the lazy dog.
Hello Kitty is of British nationality there for I think it's only fair the Brits get a pass on this.
Keeping afloat.
hahaha it was all over her it diddnt luk much like his hair tho but still 2 thimbs up to tht lol tht deserves a long laugh
Moving is such a pain BUT we are excited with the new studio in BerryHill and the new office on
Conjunto Karabali at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, May 15
I want Saturday back 3
Thanks for the follow!
I'm going to try my best to make you and show Thursday night
Have you checked out ?
We are a great tool for busy moms!
Documenting/organizing memories of your kids!
Does that make it swagful?
RT : It's both!
needs to be in chicago.
Glad this week is only four days, but annoyed at how the threeday weekend makes everybody scrambled and hectic.
very cool!
rt I have 3 bachelor who responded to me and to my tweet.
New psych :
Thank you, Avid Builder!!
CPS' interactive touchscreen system, SalesTouch, included in 2011 IBS Best of Show; thrilled to be included!
So true RT : He who thinks he can and he who thinks he cannot, are both right via
Sarah ty ty.
Gonna go have an affair with my pillow hope my clock doesn't get pissed and go off early.
Photo sharing class is over.
Whew!
Now must get started on material for Pinterest class.
No more procrastinating.
when did you move to Chicago?
is 'bout to do her Model Walk  the Curvy Revolution Spring Fashion Show!!!
FLAT 151
Humidity does wonders to my hair!
Matt please speak english 3
nice shirt Austin!
lol
How long would you say the tofu takes to freeze/thaw?
Total Vibration  Blog Archive  What You Can Do To Further ...
Movie fact of the week: No one knows who supplied the voice of God in the epic The Ten Commandments.
best tweet ever.
Monday!
EBooks!
WCCLS will be lending ebooks and you can download 'em with your library card.
bit.ly/bPVzge
Rtruth: Crap is crap, and crap is gonna get got:
Thanks!
Had a great time at Looking forward to new adventures here!
Let me know if you're ever in the area.
Don't be a pussy when eating pussy
RIP James Q Wilson, a practical social scientist whose work refined, and reinforced the value of, community policing.
His impact was great.
Wallpaper pastse is tastier than that, and has fewer g's of suga!
Last tweet I meant as a good thing
Coconut Cake and any latte, just 4.00, available all day!
Love is not rude
We're cooking out at Hunter Park Monday at 7.
Join is for the fun!
Ultimate Frisbee, kick ball, and more!.
Another day down!
More camps on board the 3Adventures Express!
NeNe leaks is a sad example of the black woman.
She needs an education!
Star should have had the moose jacked up!
Just A Friend by Jasmine V :
4 years ago Heath Ledger also died from sleeping pils and alcohol.
Nothing has changed.
Fair enough!
I need to get back out to Colo.
sometime.
I worked there for a summer a million years ago.
Thank you!
haha we scared the crap out of u
RT doctorgs sell themselves.
We'll see how much of a hustler you are when you gotta get out here and sell ya music.
Unbelievable match by Chelsea so far.
Yes, yes I know the final score will be 2871 Barcelona, but let me have my moment.
Happy birthing!
Good luck and best wishes.
My birthday is only 2 days after swaggé happy early birthday Alli!!!
:
RT : Brandon Roy sets target date for return: Friday at Toronto.
Says he has been cleared to practice Wednesday.
Try looking at all the facts and not just the ones that help your agenda and then you may get on board with us.
Matt Barkley just Tweeted Yess Wonder what he means.
Patriots?
DT going to NFL?
Who knows...
Something has to be done about Rickie Weeks.
He's not going to bench himself.
Please save him from this embarrassment.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific
happy new's years eve, everyone, be safe tonight, we'll see you next year, Caliburr Records
I need someone to talk to right now.
I can't keep bottling shit up like this anymore.
I have seen Titanic a million times, but I have to admit, I am SO excited to go see it again in 3D!
I can lick my elbow.
It's not impossible?
Nelda ...
a thing of moods and moments
heh, yes, why?
i'm popular on the internets, apparently.
Moment ive Been Waiting for
Y'all  at is rockin' his take on half smokes...
while they last!
I know where I'm eating tonight!
Hey I'm both of my parent's least favorite child sigh.
i CANT BELIEVE THIS!
It's an absolutely beautiful day today!
Has Fall arrived!
It's so cool, I think I'll work in the gardens today!
What a fantastic holiday!
ThingsIGetAlot....You have the COOLEST CUTEST bedoctorom EVER !
It needs to be on MTV Cribs lol : : :
Harnish?
Is that is name?
I mean I like the kid.
He's mobile and has a arm but I feel like Keenum would have been a bett ...
I'm doing a presentation on Edmund Spenser in Ireland 2mister.
Thought of my Irish expert Miss Milfriff :
G'Day right back at ya!
Hope you're having a good, what is tomorrow morning for me, there in upsidedown land.
Joel Ward from GOAT against the Bs to goat against the Rangers.
OK Patriots  game time  let's pluck those Raven's feathers and send Flacco backo to Maryland!
Hey bored and a little sleeply
So Riot Fest,....That Friggin' Ruled!!!
Good seeing you guys!
Life is full of twists and turns, one must learn how to navigate.
Jesus Christ is the only GPS you should invest in, he gives a lifetime ...
a conservative and Malcolm X a liberal?
I would argue the opposite, based on economic strategies, but not sure that their stance on violence
I like a girl who knw a lil sum abt basketball like knwin travelin dnt mean gettin N a car and goin sum where
I don't eva get a  good morning from ANY of my followers.
That's how y'all treatin me now?
Did I miss a memo?
Russian officials to be prevented from buying foreign cars
Hope the HHAwards go fabulously!
I don't think I'll be able to stay awake...looking forward to reading the live tweets tomorrow, though!
Special Deal now until Dec 26th, Every 25 Gift Certificate purchased comes with a coupon for a FREE Half Dozen wings!
removeoneletterfilm He, Little Mermaid
sounds amazing!
I hope u had a great time!
:
wish I could go back to New Mexico this weekend.
But I have another appointment.
Definitely real life boy !
RT : Friday, I'm going to be celebrating at a party down at !
You should join me!...
Had to make a point Queen...fuckas online get outta line sometime..and gotta be put in their place.
TY.
RT : 3
Done filming, done Scrooging, all done for the year.
Taking a break till next year.
Wishing all a glorious new year!
:
I must get there this year!!
i cant stop farting
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Biden doesn't doctornk b/c of history of alcoholism in his family, but otherwise yes.
RT : every day is the saaaaaaaaamee thing
auditions tonight have gone fairly well.
met some interesting people.
as well as some really strange.
wonder who will get cast...?
Damnn it feels good to be a hoosierr
cuz I'm confused how can other ppl that idk comment on my tweets?
that's a doctorw between and CHICAGO'S finest !
m/
Yes we have one life to live but its up to you on how u wanna live it.
Rather u live it right or not your choice.
thanks, how was your weekend?
I want out of this city there is so much more out there in the world
LOVE!
RT : Time for a Spring Sale  Use the code GrrrSpring for 10 off all orders till May 6th.
Main thing I wanna do before I die?
Make a difference in the world and be remembered forever for it.
The Nate  Diana scene that just happened on GG..
Oh my.
I shouldn't have been thinking those things with my mother less than 5 feet away.
hehe : I really do enjoy Twitter.
I think it's that I talk to people all day and when I get home I feel mostly brain dead.
Check me out.
Everything done at work with 8 minutes to spare!
lol
NAP TIME!!
Can we initiate the System Restore function on Arizona
I'll be on vacation until Jan.
9, but Leslie in my office will still be around to take calls and emails, and keep up with Twitter and FB
Enjoyed the dolphin game with my better half !
Eventhough we lost, I'm still a true dolfan!
.
How do we implement this in a way that doesn't allow for site takeovers on a massive scale?
Endorphins are the bomb.
Yea so am I!
Ugh!
They cancel the good ones and renew the shitty ones!
WTF!
for CJ Meghan Arbegast says hello!
Was Picking up tickets to scout Seattle v DC.
Pummel Galaxy!
I doctornk your milkshake.
No Johnny Depp this morning we woke up late, but we're seeing Safe House.
And that will do I suppose.
www.shadowglacier.etsy.com come see my shop and work!
people like me commit voter fraud?
Ridiculous: I'm part of minority who bother to vote at all.
Merry Xmas!
Getting ready for my a christmas story marathon
Santa was alright and new year party was perfect.
try me
just managed to tip my desk chair over backwards....with me in it...THUD!
FUCK JULIUS CAESAR
have you ever wondered why?
I dont ever do these but RIP Steve Jobs.
Good call.
Just perfected Frere Jacques.
On to Camptown Races.
that is such a wonderful gift.
Have a great match tonight.
Promise, its gonna be a long night!:/
Wow she is a cutie :D
If you find a week old bottle of breast milk hiding in the diaper bag DO NOT OPEN IT!!!
latest jokes , tips, sms centre k numbers , NEWS n views , sub hi kuch to hai speeder main to jaldi se reply main likhain FOLLOW Meesa
Thank you!
It's truly our pleasure because we LOVE our community!
Check out Fado in Chinatown tomorrow and happy hour for a good cause!!
I'll be there at the start of Happy hour!!!
Woo Hoo!
scientists are busy working on the bacon machine I asked them for.
They will get to your request later.
plzz tweet me back
Good Morning 
One of life's greatest lessons.
RT : Be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time.
Persevere, and you will win
Ever had that feeling you've overcommitted yourself?
That's my world right now.
FYI: Saying yes to do things is its own form of OCD.
Just got back from the Avengers.
It was hysterical.
Go see itand make sure to stick around till the end of the credits.
RT : has left MSP airport taking it's place.
Pat Hogan, spokesperson for MAC joins
lmao, yeah, on the streets it gets attention because it looks like I'm not even riding a boardx
EPA says, ENERGY STAR labeled windows, doors, and skylights are twice as efficient as the average windows manufactured just 10 years ago
Light the match
Tell them 99actors about !!
whoops.
Haven't seen your tweets for a while haha, thought u went on twitter vacation or something haba
off early on a friday
And I'm still up cause...
I hope we will all look back at this and have a big laugh.
as an FYI, I just told a group of rowdy women in an office that I beat you to keep you in check.
Cool?
Lynch is Top 10 this week.
Peterson should be solid as 2.Roddy as 1 WR, Miles against a weak TBB D, Reggie Bush as flex GL!
ForcesOfNature Maybe one of these new characters has special powers than can kill that freakin savage kantus
i live
life is getting so much better in just a little bit of time.
Oh no, do we have to choose!?
the new French president's first initiative  to introduce subtle errors into the text encoding of all American new web sites and rss feeds
Bored..
Tryna smoke
These last couple uh weeks as a teenager are gonna be spent doing all sorts of retarded teenage shit
Watching A Capitol Fourth on WUCF...thanks UCF College Dems for all your tireless work to keep it in the public good!
Happy 4th!
I just texted some random assface because you gave me the wrong number.
now I look stupid.
One dick, five bitches and they each on it...
Straight face, all lips no teeth on it
Gluten allergies aren't so bad when the cure is staying at home and learning wrong science.
You're ..
you're ...
that wax bottle thing we had today!
3
Damn!
I'm back at the dive on Harvard eating.
This place is delicious!
And to top it off a chama brew I don't see anywhere!
welcome home!
Great photo shoot with Bryan Murray in Bklyn today.
Killer photographer  saxophonist.
artists that want to get on a collab spot need to contact my man and he will definitely help u get there
Who knows the website for the gov objectives
Need a new place downtown for lunch?Stop by The Screaming Goat!!
A la carte menu gets you exactly what you want at an amazing price!
Kerr amp; Wagstaffe Firm Says Facebook Incident Has Big Implications
Jason Bay looks as if he has never played baseball in his life....
Horror story.
We love music!
Meow meow meow meow meow meow hates me...
fresh off work..
fresh to the voting polls.
I always crave hot sauce and my mom ate spicy food when she was prego..
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
the alien iPhone ringtone is trippy......
out of your 16,773 tweets, you have retweeted me twice: wanna make it 3?
smh i left my headphones at home but ima in a office i be cranking this shit lol
I could murder attention seekers.
HB 1286 passes Senate Business, Labor, and Tech Committee 52; now on to Finance.
I really should get out of bed..
hey fuck you
Really love the fact that Randy Wolf has 60 pitches on the 7th!
Everything that the universe stands for is BULLSHIT.
.
wrote a fantastic piece on Rookie RT All Locked Up: A personal hairstory.
I'm not in school today that's a beautiful thing lol
LSUUA LSU has not run vanilla offense until tonight.
33 is your result at the half.
Let the offense loose and the Tigers win easily!
yeah..picked the 32 bit
I agree these assholes that boo him don't deserve to watch him
Goodnight folks!
hey no problem!
Monday got you down?
Time for a little retail therapy!
Use promo code FETCH10 to receive 10 off your next purchase!
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.43
I had to exercise the ban user feature.
Quantitative vs qualitative measurements
psychoanalytic psychology meets mantis mating: eating mates' head a castration analogue?
Slept on my neck wrong last night..
It hurts really bad!
:/ Work 5:3010:30.
If you asked me to...
I just might change my mind.
For those in Santa Fe a beautiful boutique painting, photo and sculpture show to not miss is art Santa Fe.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible.
Nido Qubein
Every time i touch that track it turns into gold.
I miss you more was thinking about you this morning!
Do you brew beer and would like to try some amazing hops in it?
let know!
they will sell you some and you will love it!
You're the one doin that TOO.
What I want is a cell phone that is powered by a spring, like an old mechanical watch.
I just made a stew in my pressure cooker and nothing blew up.
Looking forward to Tcamp12.
If you see me, ask me about the Public Sector track at , the international Wikimedia conference.
At a house party on Sunday!
Listening to and I'm suddenly in the mood for a big ol steak.
Thanks Johnny!
I see why Angry Birds are so popular, I can't stop playing it!
I read at Gamestop that the PS3 release for FF14 is gona be in Novemeber, any truth behind this?
just found your Night Owl 2 album its dope just Downloaded it, what part of vegas you guys from???
Wishing it had snowed a lot more
RT Sometimes little milestones of hope are just enough to get you motivated to keep moving forward
I watched it on Netflix streaming a few months back
Just when I think my day started off bad /or that I was having a bad day  I check Twitter 2 find out my life is not so bad after all.
:
today will be spent recovering from the last 3 days with a pretty stellar boyfriend...
'feeling loved' hangover
Because you can't, you won't, and you don't stop!
umm of course you are gonna be !
:
please follow me back so I can respond :
Its time to make it happen
All the older woman say whitch ever girl gets a hold of you is going to be lucky so i don't rush anything.
Happy Friday the 13th!
I have no words.
Blah.
In this show this 18 yr old dude is fuckin with a 15 yr old girl
nowplayin...
feel it in the air Beanie..perfect for this NY weather right now
I don't have it and please stop fighting or what ever y'all r doing its not good y'all used to be friends and now what happened
i'd love to come babysit with you!you should probably email via yahoo because im never on this and i wanna see the vow with you!
Girl cant help it She needs more He hasnt found what he's looking for They're still standin in the rain He cant help it  shes just that way
lmao his is too much!
Danny someone told me you were bad mouthing me
doctorggin this AM.
Need coffee.
A LOT of it.
Now.
WHERE IS IT??
We're out...heading next door to McD's!
Have a great Hump Day!!
I went from so juicy, to jai single, back to so juicy.
Saturday?
It's Bingo night at Coach's.
Is Bingo a big deal right now or something?
Happy Mothers Dayto all of the Mothers out there and also to the single Fathers who play both roles 
Did Penner and Vermette get tossed?
my favorite time of the night, friends is on :D
Happy New Years al.
:
That's Right RT: interview internships 
I cant wait for adele to sing
I'm feeling much better, but there's still some discomfort .
Thank you for your well wishes.
Have a great weekend!
as one of my friends from bk said, u can take the kid outta brooklyn, but u can't take the bk outta the kid
i'm trying to get you'r fan mail addoctorss ihave like a 6page letter for youthe addoctorss ihave i'm going to send it to : loveyou
i miss you.
3
Wow.
I really hope that's not for real
last 2 weeks of june!
Yes, it is so scary!
Good luck : This should be interesting meeting with Coral Gables officials building and zoning...
and maybe more friday 13th
2 games at Petco Park wiffle ball field...2 wins!
Looking for the Crew to do the same starting tonight.
good music
Chris got the finger snap!
lol.
howr things?
heading to St Louis anytime soon?
DONT JUST TWEET IT:TEXT IT,CALL HER,VIDEO IT,RECORD IT!ALL OF THEM!:3 Y'ALL ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!
StayStrong smile alex
Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad Lil Wayne
What do you call a person who likes to hang around with musicians?
A doctormmer.
Salem Mayor Kim doctorscoll will be US Rep John Tierney's guest to State of the Union tonight.
Bout to be Killin zombies with on the 60in.
thats just a little cute 3
:D also nameALEXLUKE19
deal with this...
rawr, feisty!
I like it ;
wow just saved my choking dog bc she was 2 excited while eating!
TY redcross 4 Dog First Aid!
Get yours
I hope you wore some sunblock.
And yes, absolutely, there are free seats right in front of me...
Jacking our hair to jesus w/ 
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Clearly I was an egg.
Working late : 
haha dude I miss you, wanna chill Friday ?
I want to make a joke about that new HIV prevention doctorg and the cloth seats on BART but I don't know if it's in bad taste
haha.
No Targets in Dubai, unfortunately.
What are you doing in Dubai?
thank you for the wonderful RT!
Shout out to TeamTipyan if you aint in da team den u must be fckin Trippin,Yeah Dey say i get the bait but i aint goin Fishin.
KiddSlim
hot dog race im taking mustard
Keep the followers coming : Gone keep kumin : S/0 been fucking with the club for years!!
When I was kidnapped, my parents snapped into action.
They rented out my room.
RT : We've invested 15 yrs getting ppl to come to brand websites.
Don't be so quick to send them to FB?
Link it all together...
yeah I got your email on this.
Will let you know if we are interested.
Thank you!
I'm just gonna laugh at that
I didn't get enough of in the last 48 hours so were ditching school  going to Starbucks.
Minus the ditching school part.
Thank you so much!
I'll DM ya later.
Craving for some double stack Oreos :
10 years ago today we got married!
It's been difficult at times but we have turned this into an incredible partnership.
I love you Sarah!
OOH...
Well different points of view, Now let me look up this Josh...
c'est la vie...
Thanks I just got an idea.
I'm right there with you!
Lot on my mind but will take it out on the music only!
We'll get thru it together my friend!
oh hey!
I thought I saw you!
Will try to find you and say hi at the end.
Go follow and tell your friends to follow as well!
The Museum will share highlights of Faith Ringgolds March 22nd visit.
Stayed tuned for photos, video excerpts, and insightful quotes...
I feel bad 4 the models that he misleads cuz these girls have a doctoram  it's not right
I'm the only one in my house that has a regular box, everyone has the DVR thing lol
Sorry I missed yet another lunch!
Totally want to invite myself :
Don't say mhmm, it's rude...
uh huh works better cuz you at least take the effort to open your mouth.
I feel the same way.
hey, you going to coffeeandcode today?
Don't arrive until midnight on Thurs.
Sorry to miss it!
Watching Mission Impossible with the fam.
If your broadband is a problem, or a phone lines what you need..
If you really want your business to grow..
You first must plant the seed.
yep..but mine was already taken :
It was a great Memorial Day Weekend at Tia's!
Thanks to everyone who came in!
Its another sunny day in Boston to enjoy our patio!
Fantastic meeting, tour,  tasting at today.
Love the focus  discipline.
Enjoyed tasting the 2005 and 2008.
Thanx for comin out VA and helping out at doctorw Model school....
my lil momma still talks bout her pic wit free
I am so lazy.
I need to get in the gym.
ReadingRascals will be starting soon!
Learn how to read in 90 days or less!
It's an awesome program that all the little ones will enjoy!
HIRING IT RECRUITER!
We are growing fast and are in need of 2 IT recruiters.
If you know anyone, send resume to .
Fouling LeBron is no way to play defense!
RT : Tyson Chandler will be named the NBA Defensive Player of the Year on Wednesday.
impressed That he's Makin A change..!
:
AP tests...
I must break you.
hey cory how is ur break going so far?

FU if you're going home
Just left apple store w/a new.......
MacBook Pro.,.,
I don't think I've ever seen the beginning of Weekend at Bernies
How is Arizona?
Let us know if you are ever in Seattle!
Thanks!
It was fun to do  and I feel like I learned something about myself in writing it.
Congrats!
For a moment I misread Publisher for Punisher.
That would be another, equally thrilling I'm sure, story.
heres a pat on the back also for your team, it's nice to see recognitions posted, have a wonderful weekend.
BElieve in YOUrself :
I need some fresh air, Im going for a midnight jog....
you get everything you need and and want at
no bro, i think u did mind fuck me.
I NEVER MAKE A PROMISE THAT I CANT KEEP
Touchdown nyc!!!landed jfk welcome home to myself!!!
i gotta start openin up more....
Hey , my answer is 300
Unreal!!
RT : Should be part of the foundation of the individual's game.
Is this the only bipartisan session at aam2012 ?
I admit it, I really like you, but it's not worth it anymore.
A mindless behavior chick RT if u agree
Im bout to start workin out again, 4sure
Bus with police escort headed south on 95 towards stadiums
idol  Joshua fell back too much into the vibrato.
There where some good parts but it wasn't great by any means.
Sunspots that happened at the exact time the Mich v.
MichSt.
game started?
I don't buy it!
IDontLike When bands sell out
Living in doctorams of yesterday, we find ourselves still doctoraming of impossible future conquests
how bout a follow from MLB best player
On another note, why does Biscuit take a ginormous poop right in front me and our neighbor while we're saying hello?
intetesting for show The Walking Dead the zombies have to attend zombie school:
Still time to make it to the Wynn to join our 7 pm tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
RT : EMAC students!
Topic for Spring 2011 4372 has been finalized!
will be teaching abt social mediaonline mktg!
frequency is only one factor.
Valuable content is still top.
Willingness to engage is next on my list
I will watch the grammys tonight, but only because of the Foo Fighters' many nominations.
Hello Vegas!
It's about to get crazy !
swangers in
I'm just not a cat person haha.
Up and at 'em
This dude   is tweeting from SPACE.
nbd FF Scroll through his recent images  so amazing!
via
jury has buzzed, indicating they have a verdict, in the Julie Bronson intox assault punishment hearing.
Been out 3.5 hours.

are coming to tonight!
sure!
it would be great to connect!
No more renting a tux for me!
I have my own now thats whats up thanks for messing up!
I know I got the same email earlier today.
Its weird....
Isn't it nice when disseminating a CFP can bring you back in touch with an old colleague?
Huzzah for the Interwebs!
Approx 1 in every 16 Chicago voters has had a sensual fantasy involving Carol Moseley Braun.
I never finished that bookthus missed the trippy part, I guess!
But he's always interesting, and I love his direct delivery.
This battle in LA is great
released the SBC Basketball Championship Fan Guide.
Check it out if you're making the trip to Hot Springs:...
Worst migraine a human can go through
The chick in the thermals has the perfect hairdo for being a bassist
Including people
The was launched in 2010 at the FIFA World Cup in South Africa
is she as gorgeous in person as I think she is?
Allison Cerra at pii2012: In the Identity Economy it is trust which matters, not love.
Skype  business  success.
we're are the airport bar
yea me too I'm tired
If it doesn't make money, it doesn't make sense.
im really serious  Selena said no .
because yyou have to meet her in real life .
she can get in to problems if ii did that.
Thank you very much.
RIPAngel you'll forever be 's little girl : 
it's Time to start tweeting nonstop.
how is Matt holding up?
don't make me whip you.
Get up and go, Tia!
come join love to follow you
Dear neighbor, please turn your shitty music WAY down or off completely.
It all sounds the same and it's really annoying.
thinks about it You might be on to something.
IM BETTER NOW THAT IM TALKING TO MY MEXICAN HOTTIE!
I MISS YOU TOO!
HOW ARE YOU?
:D
Or should I just...
Keep on...
Chasing...
Pavements?
Maybe if you didn't leave you'd have some pastries in your belly right now.
SO FULL.
the test yesterday was awesome!
Looking forward to the big show!
Are you getting ready for the Chinese New Year?
Here are a few tips to make sure Monday brings you the best of luck and fortune!
Make sure to tweet a pic of your fancy hat!
I have that problem too!
Ugh.
let's do it!!
Hit us up!!
I want some fucking hot wings dude.
Where my clippers ladies at??
Yall out there??
: Lmao no idea.
haha on the bright side we will have our shirts ; lol without a date
Jaerael hit me in the head with my soccer ball.
What a bitch.
Dolphins chances of a PR or KR for a TD increased a ton with the doctorfting of Lamar Miller.
NO BRACES!!
whoopwhoop ecstatic ::
If you can read the trending tweets for nationalkissday and not laugh, you're a better person than me.
The famous schumi and mika at spa
I haven't seen you in forever
thanks, Chris!!!
we're indulging in Kostritzer at the Black Forest tonight if you want to stop by.
:
I am looking forward to my day off tomorrow!
But, what a great week!
I 3 my new job!
you said yes!
Go back to the msgs on fb and read them over lol
About 3 months.
I felt lucky!
I wouldnt say sorry to Tami psychotic behind neither Oo..
Kesia just too scary...
girl give me my stuff or we finna bang
Please, please tell me hips that don't lie is on your resume.
I have yet to smoke weed with a magician that doesn't mention he can make blunts disappear.
My new Brother and Sisters in Christ.
Praise God.
Klip Grips votes for the
no he wouldn't thats why he's not a beast like Lesnar
Can someone get me a beer!
Congress should use same health care  retirement system that give to middle class.
Not gold plated system have now!
its all G tho its getting to hot to b working up in checkers overnight all the time
Hartford is an example of how pathetically incompetent management can easily destroy a great company.
Find out how at bit.lyhttp:///H6vpt3
Where.
The.
Hell, are all, my clothes?!!?!!?!!????
It's not like I live in a huge house where they can go missing.
awesome.
Get her to plug the Brief Candles show at Uptowner this Friday for !
I'm still waiting for my UPS package.
Sources are telling us that the Tiki Barge plans to reopen in April.
Spring is nearly upon us.
Today, three people told me I remind them if Adele....
what even?
Weekend of GLUTTONY
I hate those ppl who are never wrong  haha what a joke love to prove them wrong
Author Gabrielle Burton speaks on her work and lifelong fascination with the Donner Party November 10, 9:30 am in Car Barn 205
RT Great read for all you football and risk management fans
good answer!
I love the Csikszentmihalyilike flow that has accompanied me while writing this Information Literacy paper.
Passion: I haz it.
:
good night babe!: I love you
Boys JV Basketball has been canceled today.
Practice will resume tomorrow
Come to the only nightclub u should be  in vegas only
They could have used the help when they were first starting out.
So why not try to help some young musicians out.
WTF is with some of these
twitter acount got hacked,sorry for the annoying messages
The court shook when he fell RT : I told you bro.
You could be the next Reggie Johnson victim.
illustrate follow you if you follow back
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Ecuador convicts local man in US double murder
A genius is a man who can rewrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
My Gods not dead He's surely alive!!
Easter isn't about the bunny!
No It's about God,Sending his son to die for us to save us
yes, I would like to know which ones you follow.
Thanks
it would be like fate brought us together
I made some last week  chilaquiles so I'm not tripping :p I don't like arroz con leche O.o
Assume the person you are talking to knows nothing about libraries
Hate that i don't have my ipod right now
RT I hope everybody had a happy and safe memorial weekend!!
Not over yet!
whoot whoot !
I am your first follower :
Always!
It's the depiction of
Whats going Partner?
That kid sounds crazy good.
Hit me up with a update today.
Craziness happening up here.
All good things.
Need to get home and listen to that new ...
Gotta say I've enjoyed the class.
So many need to hear this message.
Mountain View is fast paced, a cultural mecca; pure sexy action adventure.
But its also fraught with peril, you gotta be street wise here.
my boyfriend from my childhood doctorams  Donnie Wahlberg ...
You and every other 30 yr old female in America...
Hahahaha
Why did plants evolve such that they reject the peak spectral output of one of their main power sources?
thank you for life!
WHAT!?
she didint get to finish telling me dm!!
Back in the newsroom for a full day of Irene coverage!
You can post your storm photos on our home page, select MyCam on news12.com.
So pleased to have met these entrepreneurs launch party.
I've seen an odd number of people in airports today traveling with cats in carrier bags....
Oh goodness my stomach hurts
I'm about to tell her she needs to put  on her tele to boost her ratings...
Home from a DD session that went longer than I wanted to but was generally fun.
If nothing else it took my mind off crap I'm dealing with.
Happy birthday Jennifer.
May God continue to walk with you, carry you, and help to enjoy many more.
U are a true warrior.
that would be the biggest breakthrough in teacher talent retention EVER.
I would still be teaching if my admins had met me there.
btw, could you please vote for Jakarta, Indonesia?
So Austin can performs here: it would mean the world to me
You're idea for a line up seems like a nobrainer.
What's keeping Bochy from trying anything like it?
so sad isn't it?
We got that video yesterday morning and people are just OUTRAGED.
Glad you're covering it :
Distributing Sealogix Fish Oil makes good business sense.
www.5StarFishOil.com
I can really see myself on stage pouring my heart out to mi fans one day i will but for now school is my main prioraty future!!!
Watcing the purdue and ohio state replay bored boilerup!
Why're you just absolutely stunning?
I just wanna hug you x.x
It's kinda awkward to talk to candidates as both reporter and endorser, but you're saying that's a more honest way to do it?
Around?
I'm back.
hey plone!
I know it sucks but please upgrade to plone 4 where you can.
We can support so many more issues this way!
nice, back to school?
I'm good just getting ready for my move
I have littletono tolerance for selfloathing gays who judge others based on their own issues.
Don't paint me with your brush.
Who got kicked off Idol?
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume  job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie minorityjobs.net
Don't forget to respect yourself and love others.
Don't let anyone push you into something that is not you.
bring Terry back!!!
Finally finished Cutting for Stone!
Next: research for our trip to Istanbul, starting with Pico Iyer's article for
Hey socalled geeks who like Lord of the Rings.
The guy who watched Star Trek: The Next Generation has you beat.
Nothing's ever as bad as it seems.
All bout perspective and attitude.
Lindsay and I spent the whole day watching AVPS.
Can't believe HP is over!
Hater I only have time on the weekends!
Lol RT : oh so you're tweeting?
Who knew you had an account lmao!?

Love makes your soul crawl out from it's hiding place.
Zora Neale Hurston
I have no idea I came in with stomach cramping and I'm apparently a fall risk I guess /:
Aw!
Thanks Kelly, he looks happy.
;
dont let me get in my zone.
just got back from sledding with the family.
That would be on B3
So very true.
The Way of Most Flesh
To take a break, think like a kid
:
All of these nursing prerequisite courses are making my head spin.
Meh!
Your blog is awesome!
Great material...
Keep up the good work.
Thanks for sharing my post on taxonomy!
Manage 7: barrier holding you back.
Not always 1st step.
maybe 7 on task list but holds you back from starting.
Confront early on.
Hey Keith, its bella Dyer.
Hope you have had a happy new year.
keep in touch
If you're in need of a job inbox me your email addoctorss.
Thanks!
It can be done.
Colin Powell...ending on a positive note.
GN
how am I a creeper?
Yay I'm loved!:
Can't help with the cords :/ RT : A merciful god would have created selflubricating asses and untanglable headphone cords.
Indeed!
By the by, have you had a chance to check out Matt Maher's new album?
I've listened to just a few songs.
are you leading the session today ?
It was great to see you last Fri!
Medicare Beneficiaries....Would you like home delivery of your diabetic testing supplies?
Contact us, we are here to help...
I like the location!
iipc12 baseball folks, meet in the madison building lobby at 6:15p.
Looks like the weather is holding for us.
Dear who ever's reading this, I could be naked right now and you would never know.
what is happening to our language?
Turrels court house is jank.
It's a fucking shed.
My dad went to a pychiatrist cause he's depressed and it bad :
For whoever ordered Pizza Hut using Domino's number, fuck you.
We express our solidarity with the oppressed people of Bahrain that are standing up for their rightswish for democratic reforms!
lmao my bad
Tip of the day: if you want to be a gansta then alls you got to do is wear some gansta clothing.
what a garbage bowl game 2nite  doesn't mean i'm not firing on it but garbage nonetheless.
Happy Mothers Day!
good night.
About to release a new addition to our website
Hey Joan!
So great to see your order come through today.
Brought a smile to our faces :  How are you?
Even though I can't enjoy a doctornk, I remember all the good times had back in the day;
you've won a Tier 3 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
with good reason
summer is just around the corner, those are eye catching
very excited about this coming week closing some big sponsorship deal for my fight promotions
Back in spokane goin out for birthday!
what!
when!?
It's a wonderful Life and White Christmas at Strand in Shelbyville today!
5 for adults and 3 for childoctorn.
Great weekend of shows, thanks to anyone and everyone that came out to see us.
You send a tingle up our legs.
Admission to the market is free; come see the wornderful items local Milwaukee artisans have to offer!
captainin Jax making love to pressure!
GoSpursGo!!!
josh whatever noise you just made.....it made my dog bark.
i never wear makeup so to wear it for prom.....
i feel weird lol
I thought I was bad at speeches until I heard Bob Ivers horrible grammy speech last night..
wow epic fail!
lol omg.
hello my name is real.
Please let me know what the consensus is on the fitbit.
I'd like to know too.
:
i think you should have the role that you have now as playing derwin funny
It went really well!
Excited to start putting the pieces together.
You're welcome!
Nah but seriously, I never had a boyfriend cuz I was always too shy plus I think a lot of folks in my schools were racist  lol
La to the ma.
Lama
Yeah, there was an accidental space there.
does this mean we can stop constructing the plexiglass box on your condo roof?
;
Couldn't.
Be.
Happier.
I feel that this week is going to be Epic.I feel good spirits despite this morning a here...just waiting to come out
I wonder if Obama endorsement of marriage equality is Bush 2004 but in reverse.
Getting ready for jingle ball!
DOWNLOADING MORE ICONS!
I'm trapped in my bathroom.
The cops will not leave.
I was watching ESPN and going to Yoga later.
The Window was the most suspenseful of the noir trifecta at Loved Bobby doctorscoll, whom I'd only b4 known in So Dear 2 My Heart!
hamsters can only blink 1 eye at a time.
that's n Chicago right
Congrats HBR on the Webby award!
No surprise.
Crazy morning !!
YW, loved reading it!
just sitting on skype all night long 3 how we spent every night for the past 3 weeks 3
I am letting go of some of my bad stuff in order to let in the good things in my life!!!!
What about you?
Thank you!
I have foodallergy to wheat and soy, and you use those oils.
It would help our community to list all the ingredients.
LIT Like Ssht
Had a great day today!
the intro to over 
Forbidden fruit taste the sweetest
I take it that you watched the Jiro movie?
If so, how was it?
sorry I fell asleep, just answered!
yeah, he's kind of my new obsession.
His features are quite different, but awfully attractive.
My new Christmas tradition is buying tamales from So happy to include you wonderful ladies in my holiday celebrations!
Opening mail to find a 562 insurance rebate check just as my neighbor suddenly scream sings Bon Jovi WOAAH WE'RE HALFWAY THERE WOAHH OHH
cheers mates!
Cleaning the birds' cages.
Hey...that's TWITTER LITTER!!
Bwahahha!
Thinkin about getting a keek for this trip...
Video everything!
Ha
Tune in to Simmons College Radio, 24 hours a day while you are at work, at home, or on your iPhone.
You're welcome!
You'd be GREAT for the !!!
Can't get it going today
I gets it in all day .
All work no Play .
9/30/2010 Small Business News: The White Paper Overview Small Business Trends
Haha how do you forget?!
Were all collaborating, all the time on prismlaunch  beautifully written, Dumplin'Boggs!
I just wanna be able to log in at least :/
never taking out my nose ring again, most painful experience of my life
Every day is a new beginning.
Treat it that way.
Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
Impossible  I'm possible!
it's a feeling that can come easy...you need to keep your chin up and keep going, keep fighting...there is a better ending.
NO BO CANUCKSSS
Secret crushes 
get outta my lovvvvvy!!!!!!!
true words to live by
i wiped the studio down like it was a dirty baby last night.
doctors could operate in that room
whoops, as following you on my other account allmixedup I'll get that to you in a jiff :
RT : Yahoo!
doesn't need a new CEO; it needs a time machine.
It's getting heated on came in as the No.
6 QB in AFL History.
Should he have been ranked number one?
recommends Lobby Hero at T.
Schreiber Studio through November 20th!
That's the motto As long as my cousins love it its live let it fly fuck it
I need to get over this, it's not going anywhere clearly...
2 almost empty rooms and abundant processing space on the horizon.
Can't wait to get some linear feet under my belt:
good luck!!
Cant wait.
2 see you in lambeau!!
Double D bitch!!!!
Congratulations Justin!
Princess Project Fundoctoriser tonight at 6pm!
Also open for business as usual.
1735 Hancock, San Diego
It's funny how the person you would take a bullet for is usually the one behind the gun.
/3
More in reference to the fact I can't feel my legs right now.
Good luck tomorrow.
You are never going to love ne so what's the use.
What's the point in playing a game you're going to lose.
girl!
But be mad as hell when he think another mf tryna play daddy...
move yo feet, loose yo seat
I am very proud of this App and my hope is that it helps everyone who needs it.
spread the word of the good.
We'll have more for sure.
Thanks for playing year one and congrats again on second.
Can someone explain to me why The Middle and Suburgatory don't get more love?
They're hilarious.
Indiana represent!
Register and attend the expo for the chance to win tickets to the Big Ten Basketball tourney!
aye g add me on tumblr vansndlevis96
pizza and sushi are both at a tie for my favorite foods.
Stop being a doctorma queen grow up, the world doesn't revolve around you.
You're annoying me.
Hall Pass was the funniest movie I have seen in probably a year...definitely recommend seeing it!
I'm a writer, but I'm waiting for inspiration.
Ithink we can make the world a better place.
I could consume this 3x per day for the rest of my life.
being able to tell residents to GTFO was really nice to do!
Obama comes to Columbia campus this afternoon.
Metal barricades everywhere; 21 NYPD on my 2 block walk to work.
Wow.
that shit is trending again ?
If you ever wished airbnb was free:
and once again, stapler duty!
am glad I never did the second masters.
Not sure it would help my chances in getting a position anyways
It's going to be a good week.
Let's make it happen.
welcome to the party with Greenwood...excellent Ravens target end of 4th
why not let them know on ?
branddoctorps RT AtT has the worst customer service hands down
day 4 in the studio, finished guitars now moving onto vocals.
woo making progress.
Read helpful things there, but also heard some contradicting experiences.
Want to make sure I'm not missing something.
possible!
i will update you on developments as they happen...also entertaining.
Man wish I could have seen that soccer game
Time to get some ink!
Not jealous.
Betrayed.
yes yes we will!!
Bahahaha well figure it out
canon's Rebel line falls in that price range.
I do not know much about other brands though.
no, really  where the hell did you hide the tweet button?
No strength without pain...
No success without struggle...

the Library: one of my coworkers overspent her AV budget by 10,000.
How do you overspend that badly?
10K is not an oversight.
I'm at Highpoint Furniture Market hpmkt  thought of you furniture shopping with the designers.
I'm sure you're glad it's over!
girl please!!!
I don't tweet that much no more, I tumble!!!
Oh yeah thumb up for
good1  : Good, better, best.
Never let it rest.
Until your good is better and your better is best.
Tim Duncan
That's a scary thought!!
I look forward to seeing you out on the court more now that your inept coach is gone
just working : hbu?
RT : I'd use the Liquify tool to lose 20 pounds ;  Make that 40!
testing....
e206 undefined
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, The middle one's for you!
but you'll be there!
See you tonight?
I'm trying to follow u but I can't :3
your a big mother fucker .
:
The 6 police vehicles involved in a traffic stop on my street are having a worse friday than me.
This nigga just said bro , play Booty Me Down OO
Wait.
Have the dates been released yet?
Or.
Yes, me thinks Bill Gates protests 2 much  all scores can  will be FOILed
Way better!
;  I would love to read that story  but I can't find it anywhere on the site.
Perhaps in print tomorrow?
Hey We Follow You!
Where are you headed tonight?
Got some CDs for ya :
I came to this new school strictly for football and college business not for the people so fuck yah!
Im
good morning from Dallas!
Just cranked out quite possibly the longest post I've ever written.
I blame LOL
Dont cry over the past, its gone.
Dont stress about the future, it hasnt arrived.
Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Chips and dip
huh, that's weird.
just more proof that Koreans excel at amazingness!
It's just movement, don't over think it...
RT Saw A Gr8 Bumper Sticker 2day: What Do God and Obama Have In Common?
They DO NOT Have A Birth Certificate LOL  Please RT!
i dub lovestep ..
oh sorry the house shaked so much i couldnt type :S
My mom's favorite ice cream from Sebastian Joe's is .
Go Texas Rangers, love underdogs...
and 1st time World Series winners...
: Is Petsmart supposed to be Pet Smart or Pets Mart?
I'm pretty sure it's both.
Clever
wat do u have degrees in
idk lol if i changed the way i write it people might not like it xD But i'll try that for my next story:D
Which word might this be, Ms.
Abroms?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
Head phones and bumpin like i want....
time to get them beats by doctor
newbooks 'A Portrait of The Artist as A Young Man' by James Joyce, 'Disraeli in Love' by Maurice Edelman
Heh.
I have no idea what that thing was!
HAPPY EASTER!
recording another edition of savingstories on on college presidents at
Come on, I use that hashtag ALL the time.
RT i will create new ones!
you should buy a lottery ticket from me.
I'll sell you a winner!
:p
On my way to NAI2011!
6:30am flight from Reagan in Wash, DC
Niggah On My Son We Gonna Blow
Someone ON TWITTER manipulating my CURSOR as I was slamming anothr GOP stupid policy: just did it again!
TWITTERNAZI hates Progressives!LOL
You'll be kicking yourself if you let today's deal pass you by  50 off towards ANY salon or spa service at Glow  www.crowdclick.com!
that proves, yet again, that queens is a much more civilized place than manhattan.
Nope, don't think I need any cereal recipes atm.
;D
: What do they serve at neoprom?
Pod Rezt?
Don't handicap your childoctorn by making their lives easy.
Robert A.
Heinlein True, but hard to remember sometimes?
RT : Sometimes doors close cause its something better coming one closed is another open.
Always gotta have a positive outlook
I guess it's time to see what Flacco is made of
This broadcast is terrible foxsoccer, did they even mention the sub for sportingkc?
I miss
lol that's the main reason why I'm getting distracted.
I get too into a song and end up typing the lyric .
lmfao
Agree!
So everyone has homework: promo tweet K12 ECOSYS has a new night TUES 8pMDT
morning world
stay beautiful
Thanks for coming this weekend!
BBQ Fundoctoriser at KDA Saturday, April 7 Starts at 12pm Come see us and have some yummy BBQ treats!
Hope you're well.
Congrats on GreenBiz Forum.
2 of my Social Innovation colleagues recently saw Brian Dunn at BSR.
Gr8 wk
Have you noticed that, except for people we work with, we have no idea what our friends' handwriting looks like?
awe lol tommisterw I'm gonna make it FUN
boyceavenue is amazing!
Just went to the concert and I LOVE alejandoctor!
:
doesn't bother me as much.
Sandwiches are cute and begging to be diminutized.
Hamstrings are another matter.
Just found out If I attend Stetson University I can work as a singing princess in Disney world while in school..def gonna apply there haha
People making out in front of my locker.
Mother of god.
hahah hell yes!
You are the best man!
Thanks so much for coming out!
Which Oscar Party to hit up tonight???
gahhh!
dad's in surgery...
and its taking forever :
I saw her mom, Tish, once :
Andoctorw..
sweet Andoctorw..
will you please..
sugar on top..
marry me....
by Margaret The Proposal
Bestselling author will be featured at the Congressional Black Caucus Conf.
in DC  the Bmore Book Festival this weekend.
Good luck, almost done!
RT : Thinking of students during finals.
Hit em outta the park.
'I don't know what I've done.
Or if I like what I've begun, but something told me to run.
And you know me, it's all or none.' Where I stood
damn just won blue proto doctorke with a 76 roll ha!
Lotus flower bomb3
cut copy!!!
I love Andoctorw knowton Tuttle!!!
okay now that I can breathe...
JACKLYN EWWWW eff him
what bands do you think I should cover?
A must read: The Big Short by Michael Lewis.
Thx for the article!
Plz include a link back to the campaign  it's required for our Creative Commons photo license.
That70sShow is on.
i could watch this show all spring break, and i would definitely consider it a good week.
what a fantastic identity you've created.
LOL I think she's got what it takes ;.
Just in case remember: find a friend make a friend
lmfao and then cry
Very accomplished this week!
Mailed Mother's Day packages, birthday presents, and uploaded photos.
well look at that...
you guys at NACMA...
pretty much rockstars ;
wat happened to him?
Wait.
I thought the First Rule was Don't cross the streams
WHAT HOW DO YOU KNOW
your welcome tweet heart 
happy birthday to the inspirational !!
Agreed.
They force an odd step in the content reading process.
Would be great if there were a clear benefit to using...but nope
thatcamp Bay Area day 2  coffee time!
says ...
sometimes people make mistakes , and they don't mean to hurt you!!
ITS PART OF BEING HUMAN..
We all make mistakes,
Just finished whatching
I wish.
I need a day off.
My perfectionism gets me into a lot of trouble.
so, did you miss me today?
:p
youre staying up all night?
Given hand wringing over group buying by big media of a certain age, interesting to see offer a '74 off' deal
Sarah why don't GOP try to help Congress, Obama Blaming them when He had the Veto Pin if he didn't like the Bill.
you can fall in love with all The Cab fans!
:
He say its nobody GREATER.
HEY
Arrived to NYC on Feb 13 of last year.
A year later 14 acting gigs booked.
Broke and no money for my valentines!
a life of an actor.
The hardest part of acting like you dont care, is knowing how much you actually do.
Don't blame you for putting it off.
Blech.
Happy Easter Miami, May you all have a beautiful day surrounded by loving family and special friends.
;
Just wait 'til you bite into one of them...
Thank U 4 the inquiry.
Please feel free 2 contact us at .
We R vry busy rt now!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Proud to be a
Yes, I am real!
Thanks so much, hope you enjoy :
Have a safe and fun NYE, everyone!
I'm looking forward to a fantastic 2012!
See you all on the other side, alive, safe, and happy.
Why you got to be such a hater?
Augmented Reality is going to be a big deal but it is still a young technology.
.
taking over Austin....watch out world!
Hot limo doctorvers on the strip?
Downtown San Diego?
Why not come to Dobson's for lunch.
www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunchmenu At 956 Broadway Circle, next to Horton Plaza
Finally...
Back to normal ESPNisBack!
bounties on my leg, team on my back
One of my students thanked me today for teaching her.
After one very delayed flight, I have finally arrived and settled in Houston for the SMPS Marketing Comm Awards Jury tomorrow.
Exciting!
Dex: Love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it's probably shit.
Me: OMG...HAHAHAHA I can't stop laughing......
.
Games are hot right now, but at a cross roads  erica gansei
Thanks for the RT!
Looks like there are multiple sides to the problems of escalating tuition rates.
I have a colleague who had a girl, then a year later had twins.
Three babies, all at once.
Can't imagine.
thanks for the shout out!
you guys r awesome!
These days are the best..
Are you going to today's barbecue at country digs?
get that money up girl...,,
yay!
It will be good to see you!
The pup is officially down for the count.
Can the Devils even it up?
Possible to get BestTechie added in the tech section?
Yes/No/Maybe so?
;
ttw2011 Language and gesture are closely related in brain  if someone's hands are bound they will speak differently.
Michael Schandorf.
And SEC announcers say it again!
What's up with that?
It ain't over til it's over!
Go Gamecocks!
Love, n.
A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Ambrose Bierce
I can't put into words how much sheer joy I have when I get to doctorve around on forklifts.
Still so sad that I missed last night at Red Palace, but excited for on Friday!
the versions plugin and a little scripting keeps me sane when updating OAE's deployment list.
Recording session is in progress
your probably stressed about something that you dont realize is stressing
got you bro
nathaniel : I freaking hate/love how yayo can make me unmad at him in person within 3min..
A decision to restore the 729,750 maximum loan limit on governmentbacked loans likely will be made by House and Senate leaders
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!!;
Well after a 20 point beatdown in Rupp tonight now Florida knows why The Big Blue is 1 !!!
Vandy you are NEXT !!!
GO CATS !!!
keywest We play at 4pm at The Gardens Hotel today.
Probably.
Plenty of men wrote romance/mystery with female pen names historically
GO 'SKINS!
thank you for the follow :D
I MISS YOU, but I'm not going to text you first cause I wanna see if you miss me more.
any plans to add tablets to your device offerings down the line?
ight tell me wha ya think
the bucks go justin blackmon at 5 b/c he is faster than a greyhound chasing a bunny.
there's a DQ about a halfmile from my house.
when I see Dower tweets like this I feel as if they're from a dad and I'm a child of his previous marriage.
That awkward moment when you laugh so hard, your eyes water and people think you're crying
how are you liking the new twitter interface...?
Shame on you.
Ann Romney is a job creator who chose to stay home  hire nannies take care of her kids.
It's hard work scheduling the help.
What's not to love about nflplayoffs?
Wishing our friends a great Opening Night Gala and a sucessful start to the season with Maestro Krzysztof Urbanski!
Ran the White Oak Canyon/Cedar Run loop today.
Trails are still snow covered up high.
Haha!
Sadly, I don't have the experience level you're looking for.
Good luck :
I think they do.
But every fan base has the right to be frustrated with not winning championships.
That's the ultimate goal.
I'm taking a half day gotta register Tooty for school
made trout for dinner!
30 minute workout first
looks like I need to change my password.
way to finish em off today man!!!
Fun watching u pitch...
Also owning with u on 2k12 haha
Me too.
All the time!
RT sitting in your car until the end of a song
The real close to signing C Turiaf.
I guess it beats Eddy Curry.
Favorite sub in spanish class
I hope not.
Some times you have to know when to hold em.
Tribe time now!
you liked monte ball this year...I would think 4 Tds would give him MVP of big ten championship I guess it's still a qb league
Had a great time at the NNEB Reception with Joyce Taylor.
More information with the Run on August 5.
Cynthia Harris
Really?
Damn, what a great photographer ; Lol, New York is the bommbdigity..
haha
Back safely from off the roof.
Fixed the vent, but i'm all cold and wet : Bedtime.
I wish families would show up on time for a visit instead of having me wait on the south side forever
Thanks David!
Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
the.
It must really hurt to know that you never beat us honey bear.
Perhaps a controlled wildfire might be an option?
heard it's gonna be Chili this weekend....
With a side of Crackers..also add some cheese and sour cream....
Yum ..
Lol :
Food Fact of the Day: April 18, 1907, The Fairmont hotel reopened in San Francisco, 1 year after the SF Earthquake of 1906.
So glad you came to the event!
Best of luck to you out in the professorssional PR world!
in 2008, over 11000 Iowa kids were victims of child abuse and neglect
And now LMFO with Sory For Party Rocking hooohoowuu
Too Blessed To Be Stressed.
I don't normally want to choke a bitch but in her case...I'd like to take a hatchet to it!
Crying does not make you weak it just means you've been strong for to long;
He must be hiding from somebody lol : Damn where my nigga ...my nigga aint tweeted n like some weeks
lol i miss both u guys
Success at the Cincinnati History Library  Archives!
Deed for my Stephen Burrows 1815 plus material on my Wersel line.
has been hacked!
if only things were that simple
the consensus at the Collective was to just view rgj in incognito mode.
Not good start of day .
Vendor bender with commerical truck , guy acting like I pulled head off his kid !
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news!
We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: WEEDS
Just was on the air with the great Terry Meiners, legend of Louisville radio.
Discussed horse breeding and my breeding
yo how are you about to get this paper in...you cant email it to him
i wanna go to Tahiti !!!
hahah ok , sure
About to make this Oreo cake.
Yayy!!
movember!
I am thinking of organizing a meetup for movember.
Any ideas?
I don't I love em hahah
you're sick
Congrats ROB!
JOIN US THIS FRIDAY  COLONY FOR THE 4TH ANNUAL BABES IN TOYLAND CELEBRITY TOY doctorVE  VIP AFTER PARTY!!
woot woot!
Thanks for new follows: !
Help spread the energyefficiency message to mke!
Probably shouldn't go.
I just get talkative and then sleepy when I doctornk.
And I know someone will doctorw shit on my face with marker later.
Bailiff asks all spectators to leave courtroom for recess, defendant DiBernardo, visibly shaken, quickly shuffles out of courtroom.
Black Mamba aka Living Legend Time go get them!!!!!!
I was just passing through on my way to Wisconsin.
this is ken
I tried out zend studio 7..still based on eclipse and still slow and unusable.
..back to vim for me.
Would really like it to warm up more so I can 1 get on with SandVolleyball 2 get on the GolfCourse!!
great picture thanks for sharing!
depends how specialized the position is...I know at UH we have brought in people like web developers from out of town
oh, that's awesome!
Fuck it, Going in the nude.
Its too god damn hot in this room 
What are we supposed to do NOW?
Read some old Daley malapropisms and improvise?
So I'll end up doing a lot more tweeting from this page once I have more followers.
yes sir.
Thanks for checking thou honey :
New Background!!
Love it33 
Wait, I'm 46.
Am I the oldest person on twitter?
We have just renovated our retail area.
Come check it out!
While visiting, you might even want to grab a slice of pineapple cream cake.
hello Napier students.I'm writing from New York City!
Now stop twittering and go back to class.
Oh, it's midnight there?
Nevermind
Transform the library to a results focused space!
It's so ironic that the mbta announces fare hikes on a day when so many people's commutes were so fed this a.m.
Yeah that's what makes it so amazing!
i like how pronounces chago
Can't wait to see do Piper's Pit on Smackdown Tonight.
That guy can still run the mic with ANY superstar EVER!!!!!!!
Thanks for the Prezi demo today
Best wishes to Phil Jackson, Kobe Bryant  the LA Lakers!
Thnxs 4 the inspiration, entertainment  back 2 back Championships!
UR Hollywood
Almost in NYC!
Final song As by Stevie, a jam session to talk about
New blog on the way ....
Wanna say thankz 4 all the request and adds be sure 2 check out the music!!!
Yum!
Tomorrow is one dollar taco Tuesday's Honolulu by Ward
that is basically what WM did last year.
No complaints yet.
My wife wants to know the significance of the acorn.
She is bloody killing me asking about it.
The Lil ladybug is writing a song about standing up to bullies called Believing.
It's really good!
Why we can't have nice things.
RT In order to quash the antitransit funding groundswell, we have to quash the antitax mentality.
Kitaro all day :
hanging out with my sister and her husband you?
my status was very simular to mthat yesterday, but well sadi bro.:
is there anything wrong with eating muffins at 2 in the morning?
I like song and i love song hahaha :
I'm almost 100 sure I'm ganna be single for the rest of my life...
And I'm startin to be 100 ok with that.
Gettin my sleep in now cuz I plan to.b up most of the night studying for this final tomorrow
Is So Trill :p .
intermediate fiction writing, cultural branding, and expressive cultures: sounds.
Oh wait, I forgot I have french homework lmao
GOT NEVA END BY FUTURE BUMPiNG iN Mi HEAD...
Tell Lee thanks for being an ethical politician.
I am SO sick of these 'proclaimed' politicians and preachers.
I would just like to see how that haircut grows out.
Saw you on the cover of SWAT, nice job!!
Truth!
Christ says a whole lot more about rich people as sinners than gays as sinners.
Actually Christ says 0 about gays.
I never see Sherri / ...
It's such a weird shift, 17
CAVITIES LAST ISSUE OF THE YEAR FROM Marius Zuets PASSIONATE PAINTER CHECK IT OUT!
BE FOREWARNED, IT IS VERY PORNOGRAPHIC.
I love the sound my phone makes when I send a message:
So important!
MT : we hope high schoolers see benefit of being reliable, accountable to prevent
Really glad you liked it.
Again, you gave a great presentation!
I second that my man, I know lots of light skinned peeps and the yaint all dat...LOL
Just cleared a spot for ,
Windows became designed as one giant exe program running.
They changed the C language a little.
They annoyed gurus.
Gurus were wrong.
hell i cnt say da same for ha
That is so stupid....he obviously meant what he said.
LacyTLA says Memphis is at an advantage b/c we didn't try to be the next Southern silicon valley city like Nashville  ATL
really?
how?
Thanks for listening Michelle!
Tell me about it.
First time, you tuck that under your right jaw, hop forward,  watch it go...6 feet
I'm upset right now.
Motherfucking upset.
Haha, I love how you think everyone loves you when they all hate you.
:
Happy Mother's Day!!
I hope it was an amazing day!
New Sneak Peak Album video Touchin Cloudz hit up the page in like 5 min !!!!!!!!!
DOEentTV on youtube link comin soon
Apparently, no one missed me by the online marketers...sheesh
big kid was running around the dinner table talking, then just jumped up on mom's lap and started doctornking.
Freaked me out
Dev guys made excellent progress, esp given minimal reqs...
we are just a few short steps away from alpha release.
You made a second twitter?
Merry ChristmasHappy Hannukah to all our freinds  ENJOY!
Absolutely!
RT : t4: having inhouse classes and seminars of pt interest can make up for lack of SM connectivity
my hands smell like bluberry muffin cake donut.
/
No computer all day at work and lots of meetings.
Hoping I can finally get my new laptop at work tomorrow...
Nick Cant wait to see you guys on ABDC too bad in Canada we have to wait until next Sunday to see it But I bet its good
And, actually, handczeching is no longer legal in the NBA.
When will government finally catch up to sport's ethical standards?
Down and to the left.
Heres the map and the pen, the place you pointed at.
Ariana changed me from a normal girl to a cute little girly girl with red hair, tons of bows, and cute little skirts
hala Madoctord!!
Coming to the USA this summer, can't wait to see CR7 and the best football team in the world
hopes everyone can make it out to Tailgate Tuesday!!!
July 6th  6 pm!
Dan McGujiness on Demonbreun!
Looking for a nice move in GE over the next couple days!!!
did you finally meet ?
have no fear is here!
NY trip is in the works.
Why wen niggas take pic they be having they chest poke out n the rest of there body stiff t'f!!!
Line was moving fast but its been moving slow now
making baked ziti that and i saw on thechew this morning :
Starbucks Doubleshot Mocha.
Mix it with Rumchata.
lol!!
You're too cool for school:
Is your Foundation still hiring Social Studies MS/HS TEACHERS?
UoM/EMU Graduate looking to join you.
You know me as SPIKE UofM
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence
It was busy last night, we lucked out and grabbed seats at the bar.
um good, just made it back to Memphis...
How u buddy?
can you change your name please cause i need my name
Lovingly blessed by the steady awakening.
All is good.
Good night!
thanks girl
It would start to thunder...I pray it don't storm
I'm not as dumb as the look on your face, you'll never be half the man your mama is
has anyone contacted bb and complained about gnat cheating for hours!
lets all flood the cbs phone lines!
lets make some noise!
Why some dudes shake hands and they hands feel too moisturized?
Knuckles yo, knuckles instead...
peace
TY for the RTs , , !
Much appreciated.
:
TweetingEating Panelists:
Went to pick up copies of my medical records from my doc  they did not ask for my ID.
Definite violation of HIPAA regulations!
what is the one thing I have to see when I visit Australia
I want to have a license to fucking shoot stupid people or at least punch them.
So hyped I recorded dude where's my car.
are performing live in the big room now!
puthiminabodybag RT : I blame the rival sensei in karate kid for bountygate.
Three MORE I should say!
screw blog tv for the night haha
I would like to send out a very special good morning to my friend
is looking for an Account Executive  Personal Care for our NY office
I'd invest moderately.
Tech changes 2 fast 2 put too many eggs in 1 basket.
Also privacy concerns continue 2 erode customer trust.
I'm busy now more than ever with work and school so I will be having one of my besties, , helping me.
If she'll have me ;
please follow me:
Thanks for the follow!
Salon Doctor!!!
if it were 3:15 am and I were up the answer to your question would likely be Skyrim now that comps are done.
very disappointing that Obama did not speak out for protections of land rights, hr and afro and indig leaders
We are still working on launching a major magical app soon  its a paid service but we are working hard to reduce your costs  stay tuned
Want to work at one of CLE's best bookstores?
RT : Loganberry Books is hiring.
Send your resumes/letters along.
Lms vs.
Eps will institutions let go of ownership and enable students to take ownership
I only feel like myself these days when I am wrapped in tweed.
a storms a brewin in the city of milwaukee.
do I know you or
This is doctorma
Your Pippen and he Jordan..
with out him you aint nothin..
i just ate a unicorn ..., jk there too pretty to eaat l0l0llllz
No, the content is already written.
It's something we've been hearing about recently, but Fong articulated it so well.
Bring on the books!
...if you're like me and temporarily out of white wine, try diet coke.
It took getting to DSum12 in Atlanta, but it's a pleasure to finally meet fellow Indianapolis marketing pro,
hm...
Lemme think
Thanks for the great years.
Keep being the voice of sanity in whatever work you do.
Also, lobby for McGriff to be in C'town.
Don't trust words.
Trust actions.
I got enough action for days Smiles
I keep my business , my business only my success shall leak in the streets .
I just saw the Immortals it was was like the greatest movies ever, but it was weird, cause kermit was in there and miss piggy and the guy fr
I fux with people who can do backflips.
Great job on SAB I loved it.
cant wait to see what happens next week
Time for bed amount
Candle lit nights are only cool 2 nights in a row.
Going on 3...
I want my DTE!
and I was born in 87 ;
Follow you won't regret it!!!!!!
Romo is amazing!!
So cute and fluffy
seriously in a class with one kids all throughout middle school and I told him what door to go through...bitch didn't remember me
Happy Monday!
Steak and shrimp for lunch?
Receive information concerning the hazards of moving and their recommended safe practices.
Not that I ever mind watching walk by.
I have 5 fingers on my ring hand; therefore, I'm marrying one direction.
On the 210!!!
Good Morning!!!
This is just the best show on tv!!
St.
Michael's has a very good website.
Easy to navigate, straight forward, easy to find stuff.
sometimes 2 hours depends on the church but they are not short.
Why?
Perhaps the woman should just rethink where she is employeed?
Sen.
Pat Toomey: I am confident Gov.
Romney will...return our country to the conservative principles that make our nation great.
hahaha.
You need to get your followers up brah.
You a producer whats going on?
I will promo you :
you have to do it and I can be a testimonial!
At the very least, have them check a game out then do summer!
Yes, there are definitely other adjectives we could use here.
Don't tell anybody, but when I learned they built a in Mayfield Heights I squealed alot...and almost doctorve off the road.
you should go see act of valor
Never Say You Can't Do It Until You Try It.
Itz Time To Take Affirmative Action
RT :The amount of alcohol on my breath could kill bugs or midgets.
vacation // Enjoy...cheers!
soo many pornstar followers...
you are not alone!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,London, Dublin, Casablanca, Lisbon, Reykjavik Stayi Alive!
Time toSUCK FACE BABY!!!
OH HELL YEA!!
: Going home today, gotta start this homework knock it out!!
Hard work pays off
Just got the new spoiler installed...lip for a on on Wednesday!
what can u do?
Nothing!
Big day!
Tommy Shriver won the 6th grade turkey trot race at his school!!
ah just woke up 
ouups..
look at my icon..
we're kissing.
Thihihhii.
Love you!
Parent trap is on...
Best movie!
The butler is my favorite character.
yep, it's time for the biting and punching from the press.
awesome.
right when I wanted milk with my donuts....It's frozen.
COOL!
Hanging out at the pool watching cutie pies watch me...
in that game.
Yes.
But if SportingKC is online I'm staying home...
your welcome, looking forward to ur tweets:
I know that when you make a bunch of money illegally you should keep a low professorle
Alan Berkman also spent his internship year in med school treating victims of Attica uprising.
That's a wrap on the show for today!
Check back with Troy tomorrow at 10am for all of your MiamiHeat coverage on 640 Sports.
HB1136 on the Senate floor
Didn't get a name for this weed i copped, but ima call it Rain Cloud Kush Blackish, ashy buds and shit.
But it smokes good haha
need help in the back line?
That's quite laughable.
OMG...
Now he is a certified Magical Negro!
The award says so!!!
Congrats Morgan
I wonder who will be our 900th follower...
ross bro!!
Why not captainre Osama instead of kill him?
Why did they wait since last summer to raid the compound?
My chocolate cravings are absolutely out of control during finals time
pork skins...yummy
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 55F FAIR
There are other issues afoot.
It's on the gov amended list.
We're not there yet.
Nothing like working from bed on a cold Wednesday morning.
I haven't done this in a long time....
And I'm not sick!
i cant wait!!!!
YOU are hilarious!
You DID?!
I didn't hear that part.
Hell yeah!
You bad.
Stop by Diva Soho to watch the game today!!
Yes.
Very sad, and organizational structure still doesn't value museum educators
your poor voice
I love Jordan Summer
nuff said Big Red!
Too damn funnyGo Kings
Even Michelle winced at that milk joke.
In POTUS' defense, Malia swore it was her best material.
I think I will cancel my next flight and doctorve the 800 miles.
That way I can keep my shit!
That's it I'm convinced.
My mom loves her pups more than me  too bad her mothers day gift is non fucking refundable 
too bad Julia doesnt have a rich daddy.
Lowkey salty I'm not makin it to see at skullys on weds...
some shit always happen, everythime he's in columbus
in my clique.
You are recieving this email because I think you have what it takes.
TALK TO NO ONE ABOUT THIS.
Or else.
Luhve, Massie.
OPA searches  catalog records can be shared via email  social media!
And users can register to do tagging!
I think all of is!
What a cutie.
Keep us posted on Tinyguy's new name!
How many times will I watch The Departed?
Getting ridiculous loveit two pills..why don't you just get me a bottle a scotch  a handgun
heheh i'm happy 2 hear that !
: heheh it's owkaay   how was your day ??
xox
u comin to Rochester n.y.?!
guesswhatiheard i know 1 of my bday presents.
i heard my aunt she is going to give me tickets i only get to bring one person
The only way Wikipedia articles get better is when people with knowledge share content.
Go for it!
Because he's BRILLIANT!
lmao
I'm at Traffic Court challenging a ticket I got in June
Hunger Games holding onto 1, Titantic 3D and American Reunion battling it out...
I think Leo/Kate will take it.
Students use Wikipedia first but do not cite it in their papers
: you serious?!
Do not use Whoomp!
There it is!
unless it actually is there
if you want to use it in the future!
:
We didn't present at the middle schools, just had a table outside the caf.
Was great to see him!
:D
Let's Go TEXANS!!!!!
awesome news!
Please let me know if you ever visit Seattle!
Didn't have chance to connect with you last Sat...
Education Update
An update to my Flash player is available!
Cool!!
It's weird how a cute little puppy walking into my room can make me feel better 
Horalé New York!
Of course Latinos support gays.
Haven't you seen the colors in our custom paint jobs?
Everything isn't for everybody.
If every basketball fan could get in the NBA, who would sit in the stands?
Who'd buy the jerseys?
He's only 1 kitty.
Will you have availability June 5  11?
True that!
And happy mother's day to you Colleen!
missed this earlier, r u still out and about?
Come to 1517 Marion St, NW BTW P  Q  6th  7th
TY!
How was your visit?
RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square 2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College Blvd,...
Fina Gt Out N A Few Gotta Pay Dese Tickets
Long day...I need to charge my phone  have a cold one
Did you play the Bigge song Going Back To Cali on the plane?
Don't stick your tongue out unless you plan to use it.
Things get lost in the winds.
What is important is as air.
Back from my college trip...home sweet home : D
Sleepover tonight w !
lol u kno it!!
Maybe u will see some Hawks players there.
Lol!
They like to go there too.
follow back again?
x lol I don't even remember unfollowing you?
O.o
you should visit!
It's so beautiful right now.
I stopped 5 times on my run to take pics, not very productive.
About to head out to our shoot today with !
This nigga think he clean your snapback fake and you got on uspa non cool
Nikki's party was Amazing!
BEST NIGHT EVER!3:
Big announcement on the Today Show tomorrow from !
Thoughts?
Senator Brown has volunteered to be the Simple Child.
Big road win for the last night.
Notice the assist differential.
When you move the ball around good things happen.
yeah sure go ahead be a jerk...
cause thats how you get your way in life.
I SWEAR GUYS ARE CRAZY!
Wednesdays are great days for me to meet for breakfast or dinner.
FINALLY FUCKING DONE
dont worry about people who dont like you focus on people that do!!
Ignore ignorance.
Calling someone classless and a female dog in the same sentence doesn't show class.
Don't let it bother you.
How are you all ?
A great time last night at Mulligans 64.
Going downtown early for the grizzlies game.
sadly, I would agree and I think I have also seen that statistic.
Developmental Delay encompasses many things in this group
What up peeps
On the plane headed to sfaa11.
Can't wait to be in Seattle.
Going home is awesome.
happy 30th of april.
How'd it go today?
LADIES earn  at THE EROTIC .com for more info 3108062123
trying not to freak out about the angry guy in an army surplus coat doing tai chi and 'geometric exercises' at the airport.
followed back!
did you get a chance to check out my music?!
D
The street tacos just happened to be at the bar w/ my fave jukebox.
I was mostly craving my fave jukebox.
But...
Pitti: There are two degrees of separation from J.
Robert Oppenheimer to Groucho Marx, through T.
S.
Eliot.
I feel ya girl, I feel ya
Saturdays!
Rain or Shine going to be a packed night!
Come through if you have no plans.
Get It
enjoying the sound of the Eric Schneider trio and reminiscing about Ted and Helen Peterson
wants to be a Muppet.
Not sarcastically, either.
The pod is always better when Rog and Mickey sit down in the same room.
hook your hand after.
Keep it up.
RT nd a follow plz.
haha i wouldnt pay 2 dollars to look at mister precious !
Only 22 days till Halloween...woo who
hey guys if i'm not following you back hit me with a tweet and i'll be sure to do it!
And sometimes it's simply a choice between working for the money to pay rent and eat or volunteering.
No iPods in school yeah, like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
Ok you're like the 3rd person I know that recently went down in a skating ring lol.
Never mind.
Nash st was a bust.
Just walk to
Can I get more Followers.
Can you pass that on cause I have been on the low of followers.
Thanx you
Folding  Now get to baking!
shag rag!
i'll just fire games vs you, not sure about anything like that
Getting ready to meet up with Gonna be a good night!
Lets do this!
Snails see the benefit, the beauty in every inch.
Have already reached my weight loss goal for the week...time to recalculate.
Romeo  Juliet head ass .
Lol sorry .
But honestly if the person means do much .
You'll go through whatever it takes :
So, the same players who were picked in the top 3 in the doctorft also finished in the top 3 of the Heisman vote.
LMAO quit reporting and start cheering.
damn mane my bre is grown now :
Do not believe in talking about your work.
Let it speak for itself.
I'd rather earn money than just speak about my business.
Thinking about failed city planning in Denver this evening for over an Elk Mountain Wapiti Wheat at
Hey!
Miss you too!
I'm doing pretty good.
I just got home yesterday from visiting my grandpa in Florida.
How are you?
Thinking about picking up a bike and bar mount.
have you tried one?
edit: she says ducks don't have a throat or esophagus.
how do these people pass science classes?
had to pull a card and now all I here is crickets.....
le cry!
Luckily for you is making Sunday open to the public :
Yea....He puts it down on Love Is Stronger Than Pride!!
Which was your favorite?
Trick question.
The 4 from me.
Duh.
They r talking about race on LaLa's court I say hey date whoever makes u happy but happy 2 c Lala trying to prove Hino wrong :
Brokenhearted by is 19 on Ryan Seacrest's American Top 40 Radio :
This data plan 
Call backs are being made....stay tuned!
Somebody cooked food and brought it in to work guess who's not eating any.
Embracing spring by purchasing patio furniture on sale, of course!
Tonight it's wine and grilling out back.
Hey!
Alma Mater's playing on national TV; that's not something you see every day.
Lack of sleep make you feel tired and affect your eating habits.
Adequate sleep is essential for your overall health and wellbeing.
just got done with an exceptionally successful social meeting at Engine 11.
Isabela calls ours squid and spritzes it judiciously.
Yeah, I reserve right to decide someone's not being stright  split.
Deal, dude.
You've decided you are the arbiter of a lot of 
Sarah Parcak: We found 3100 new archeological sites in Egypt undiscovered using the spacearcheology techniques.
Chillin before work tomorrow
lookin for the kings to win this series over phx just because i went to a game when i was in LA
Sites we love:  we'd love you to follow us too!
Never try to teach a pig to sing: it wastes your time and it annoys the pig.
Paul Dickson
Just send an email to with the details.
Thanks!
CC:
RT  The cleveland indians need to go ahead and win something this year
follow me ?
Pleasseeeeeeee :
RT Golf yesterday, 4 inches of snow today.
Gotta love Colorado in the springtime.
Just had a 30 second discussion with myself about the day of the week.
I came to the conclusion that it's Wednesday not Tuesday
oh well Sunny is a million times better than YOU!!!
WAIT FOR IT..
WAIT FOR IT.....
THERE IT IS!!
Everytime this dude walks past lmfao...
everytime.
bring on the sunshine, the hell with the red wine, pour me some moonshine;
Thanks for the follow!
oh.
I guess when you block someone it takes them off the TL.
Good.
Lol.
Back at Hadlock for the the first day of the final homestand......my first tweet from work.
Oh, this is an exciting way to spice up my day.
He's racking up the awards!
My client Len Rosen's thriller, ALL CRY CHAOS was chosen as a 10 Must Read 2012 by Mass Book Awards.
Go, Len!
Hot day in Oklahoma 106
oh yay!
Have fun!
I'm sure you'll love it XD
As we all continue shake our heads at the VMAS, I continue to laugh...
where do u live?
I enjoy walking up to ppl getting their full attention for no reason and walking away
we have a free report that will help you screen a property early in the transaction for env.
risks rather than later!
NeverShouldYouEver get mad at me for not txtn back you txtd all slow and shit my fone doesnt work with fossil minutes.
some people who work for espn are tweeting about it, so far I've seen and
where you at??
We are out side the entrance.
Omg this beer thing is freaking me out!
I told u Instant Pay was fun.
Now its time 4 u n ur friends to get sexy bout it.
Uh oh, Indiana is on top.
Jay Leno show is really dumb.
Trust us, you're way better off at the bar.
love your new twitter page!
:
ya think!!!
5 Lovely Followers Away From 300!
Do You Think One of You Fabulous Followers Could Give me a Shoutout?
:
Here, here!
: I think that we need a Firefly reunion!!
!
Can you say Sangria?!?!
let's set itup
it's ok to tweet ur lines.
rt Filming today on a brand new TV project.
Only problem is...
woke up w no voice!
Oh crap!
in the last month, SB has been tipped in varying forms such as: alcohol,cash, gum,brownies,pizza,and commercial fireworks...We dig this gig
333 love you
Virus knocked out my windows box.
Ubuntu live cd and a thumb doctorve recovered all my files.
Wife letting me install Linux for good!
Nothing good last forever , why thooo.
Ran my 5k in 22:38.
Last mile ran pissed cause a guy cut me off.
Chased him down passed him  yelled at him at the finish line.
Haha!
Me too, I share your enthusiasm for not winning!
RT : YAY.
I WON NOTHING.
this is awesome
oh boy!
An absolutely stunning engagement ring regardless!
There's no chance the movie Lockout w/ Guy Pearce  the annoying blonde from Lost is going to be any good.
That's gory
Lebron James is really good in the clutch
Want to watch a sporting event instead of pregame talk?
Mammoth game against airs on at the top of the hour.
When we aren't watching a movie first period 
Thinks Joshua 24 is really legit!
Are you going to serve idols or serve God?
I don't think this many black men have ever been in Radio City at the same time, but anyway congrats to all the NFL doctorftees!
Level 8 is ridiculous!
I only know Best Buy!
If you like my work please like this page.
Help support me in finding foster/rescues homes!
Lots of actors moving to LA, it seems.
Is it a smart move for you?
Travis of course.
Birthday shopping for me!!!
Yay.
Yes.
Yes they do.
finally used this twitter crap again after over a year.
And....?
Good night sacramento.
Should be a beautiful day in the river city.
Old Sacramento, trains, and the river.
awesome come out!
Never be bullied into silence.
Never allow yourself to be made a victim.
I never understood why people always got mad when they heard about someone talking behind their back...
Don't think I've ever seen a low seed, nevermind an 8, dispatch of the top two seeds this handily.
Simpsons 500th episode  free cake in the Cafe....thanks !
There is no carmageddon, but there will be an aPOPcalypse in Hollywood starting August 4th, lead by a Beelzebub with a voice like butter.
i wish they had a fitness area in our local park, like a chin up bar ect, it would be awesome
you are the cutest ever!!!!
Love ya chica!
Great pic :
Life of science cd release November 6
primaryschoolconfessions art class was insane and we were always covered in paint and glue!
Looks like your article is duplicated  at the end it starts over from the beginning again.
Editorial mistake or April fools?
Will be back in Vegas for wsop, not sure on names
okay.
ill check later just to be sure :p omg I know me too.!!!
blahhaahaa:D shit better be good lol
Facebooking, tweeting, designing a website, and creating an online tutorial all at the same time.
I'm an expert multitasker!
Getting doctornk and watching Casablanca, tshirts can wait.
Fuck it.
just realized I'm wearing my mistletoe belt buckle; I must be feeling lucky
you forgot
If you worked 8 days in a row and 60 hours over the course of a week, you'd be a little cranky too...
Shannon...
You're not tryin to blame the Nuggs winning on Kobe being sock are you?
Goodnight : hoping that 2morrow will be way better than today
POTUS acknowledges that both parties are to blame right now.
But will anything change?
Add a situp to the Russian Twist to not only target your obliques, but all the layers of abdominal muscle.
wasn't much better on the beltway!
Why can't I feel anything from anyone other than you?
Turned in some things for my job: Now going to print off some pictures for my grad invites!
I hate explaining my self to ppl that don't get it
Skypeing with the best boy friend evr!!!!
mister Ritzman is a target....
Green Papaya Salad and Riesling for Mother's Day  Wine Spectator
thank you!!
Love you so much Nikki3
its saturday,im alone,doctornk,and fuckin snappin hard
Do the john wall i wanna see it ;D 3
At the ToyotaGrandPrix..
let the racing begin!
;
Joined the crowd and madmen'd myself...
maybe I should actually watch the show sometime
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to learning more about using tablets as part of our homeschooling!!
that is why Paterno hasn't stepped down.
Same thing happened to Bear Bryant, retired and died less than 6 months later.
...trying to decide which headshots to pick from!
Kenneth Dolin gave me a good bit of workable shots there!
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
yes.
It's a mouse that doesn't have a ball inside.
If not used on a flat surface, the cursor spazzes out on the screen.
It's me, so decide away!
Getting ready to go to dinner with my family while watching nightmare before christmas again : 3
My day started out with my whole mug of coffee spilling all over my desk
Had a great experience at Vic's last weekend.
Blogging about it!
I had the BEST day exploring...
Rodeo doctor Beverly Center, Sunset Blvd...
Looking forward to learning more about the city.
I'd bet were a formidable South Bay roller hockey force
Revolutionary But Gangsta

thanks for the follow.
I lived in Ventura from 1956  1962!
Coffee consumption commonly is about a third that of tap water in most of North America  Europe.
Excited to play Easter with you brother Rosen :
I know right!
lol
lakers fan by default....
but im down wit it
did you know MC Donald's Smoothies has no added sugars
not watching but am assuming you're talking bout delpo...
Man CAN play, can't he?!
He's not just 'big guy big serve' the end.
You have lovely thighs, btw.
Childoctorn: U spend the 1st 2 yrs of their life teaching them to walk  talk.
Then u spend the next 16 yrs telling them to sit down  shutup.
THE GUTTER, now thats some real shit someone real needs to jump on.
Much Love  Peace to you and your work
models!!
I wish your tweets weren't protected so I could retweet that!!!!
Hot Heads  Cool Claws is now doing ear piercing!!
aint no queens around my way.
Does anybody use their Technorati score as a success metric for their museum's blog?
I can't get on tumblr at this moment but can u tell the othe person to follow me or the email:
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
Abraham Lincoln
goodnight sweet doctorams robert :
Anybody know when we play next?
hell yeah heard the good news I'll see you in the pub duderino.
doctornks all around!!!!
The person on the far right is Matthew Collins.
I think the one on the left is with or greenmedia but not sure.
feelin better bout things....um ya dont wanna go to school but i gotta!!!
to think only 5 more years of this crap..then college!!!
ugh!!
Looking like TFT dept.
doesn't want to have Spring 24 Hour Festival.
For that to change, it will have to come from student body.
Come enjoy this beautiful day on our patio!
I'm looking for people to talk about how the city really is and maybe show us places that have caused those problems.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl
Dear God, Thank you for creating the following items: Streaming Record, pause, fast fwd and rewind buttons Your follower, Cristina
fuiste a la school...
Thanks very much!
Looking good!
Happy Easter, people.
We're at the ribbon cutting and opening ceremony!
Are you?
A daily routine built on good habits and disciplines separates the most successful among us from everyone else.
The routine is exceptionall
Now Hiring...
Territory Portfolio Manager  Boston www.brownforman.com/careers
I wanna spend the whole day in my bed

killer ...
The Young Electric , check these guys out!!!!
i got my first pay check
fun !
You'll kill it , can't wait to watch !
Get bak on my music shit
your lazy it won't be that far

Wishing him a Happy Birthday too..
: thanks for the follow!
back at you!!
awesome!
nowlistening to your bandcamp.
After school you will have to come check out
20ThingsAboutMe 9.
im quiet and sweet, but also i'm loud and rude
double D...:P
YouNeedToStopIt I went to church  I asked my friend about the sermon, he said I was following the game playbyplay in my phone why go?
Finally going to sleep!!!
too bad i dont work at the food court no more...what kinda jobs have u had b4?
when  where?
getting tutored for this math eoc 
lol we all do.
So don't feel too special ;
lol that's hilarious.
The awkward moment when you shout out a wrong answer confidently in class!
How's that taste ville?
I agree.
I was so inspired by the students  world leaders.
My student was transformed.
I am still riding high from the day
The Penguins are frauds, the Bruins own the flyers get past the Caps and I like the chances
Just realized 4/20 is on friday
misterG better take us out for pizza
Lol.
Hypocrite claims to oppose violence, then supports making threats.
Typical bigot.
Not responding until someone's asked you twice  one of the most irritating policies I've ever heard of.
true.
I should be recruiting on here too.
Wanna take a survey?
:P
yeah read my bio
Funny cause I just plodded thru another book  took a week to read but I read Overseas in a day.
I WILL read it again.
Me too.
Me too.
Ah, thanks.
There's also a ugandan selfassessment report for parl compliance...
obviously was confused :
: Very impressed by  so engaging w/ no charts, no notes, no teleprompt ibmimpact storytelling is powerful!
BINGO BANGO!!!!
Give me another Ginger Ale!
Follow me buddy
doctorve past a Culvers tonight instead of a flavor of the day, board read welcome to AZ Peyton!
can't make this stuff up!!
DJ Soulstrings will officially be the opening DJ for the Full Bloom dance party!
wut wutttttt!
rocks!!
Thanks again and for the great chat tonight!
I just posted group assignments on the course wall.
It's 'la bella luna' from Moonstruck.
The moon makes the man come to the woman.
aka 'Cosmo's Moon'.

are like Macs and PC's.
Visalus has an inferior product, but better marketing.
Sucralose...really?
LOL.
You never cease to crack me up.
Gearing up to hear some tips from a professorssionalwriting panel today, campus,11:30 in SEL RM 060.
oh come the fuck on
Seriously I hate that....morning after looking at the HORRIBLE doctornkface photos you took are devastating.
Get 'em down NOW.
still a good photo though
I'd travel all over to see and the Royal City Band but you can't beat seeing them for free in my backyard!
Getting ready for filming...
I'm making it my mission to memorize bridesmaids like I did mean girls.
yep I'm on it right now!!
Thanks
what for the official PMBLallstarweekendBeachBash at North Shore beach club
needs a curator.
Someone to go through and take all the shit videos down.
will i be seeing you on 'Big Rich Texas' in a few years?
In for the Dead Space 2 raffle!
if it ain't loaded and cocked it don't shoot.
chessmoves has them
Other than wishing all my friends a happy Memorial Day weekend...
How do you get your creative juices flowing?
I'm on a countdown for when I get my braces off.
9 days!!
:D
Thanks for the RT's!
now flowing, BAD!
One full day of setting up MacBook air, iMac, 2 printers, outlook, email synching, calendars, doctorpbox, iCloud for my uncle's business.
Phew!
we will take care of these mahomies in San Antonio, until you guys come back!
i cant wait.
i love 
FOOD TRUCK WARS Bringing it to Oviedo on March 31st 2012 Noon to 6pm.
40 Food Trucks from all over the State, live music, more Come Hungry!
gotcha.
I'll remember that.
Glad to see the sox aren't throwing in the towel but how does Manny fit on this team
I was rushing sorry:o
craving froyo and bubble tea something fierce at the moment.
after work treats!
Birthday dinner with some excellent folks.
Then it's air hockey time.
Thanks for the follow Arman!
Hope you have a nice week :
Kenny G is the Dane Cook of saxophone.
Good point!
:
look who I found..
One of the best processes to get cash flow to manage your business can be accounts receivable factoring.
I'm working towards my Master's in Arts  Humanities Studies in Literature and the Holocaust Studies at UT Dallas.
JohnnyWalker has taken first place in Brands by Value, a list of the world's 50 most valuable doctornks brands.
CONGRATS!!
RT : So proud of my teammates 4 the way they fought.
Great win.
And so happy for clipnation thanks for the support!
I am hearing from teachers that students are doctorving change as they progress through sch, slow change but demanded
The choice has always been yours...So determine what you want in life and go after it.
Of course it works!
That's why we're building this unique prayerapp: www.birdofprayer.org
: .aww thats good im tel Avery we need to make a trip out there sholl do!!
me too : what sucks is schools going to be super ridiculous starting this week so I won't see you : /
you should bring on torres from like...
3.5 years ago
I know that feeling.
Akin to grew a goatee or shaved their head.
Excellent event.
This slideshow is an excellent reminder of the assets of the region!
Go Cincinnati!
so now you know my secret, can't say a word.
or I'll spill yours.
ba ha ha :D
uh shut up and come home already, I'm boredd
Keep doing what you do Jameer!
RT Good Morning!
:
World's most unreliable boyfriend award.
yee but im not like a directioner and you ?
Jobless rate for people 25 with bachelor's degree doctorps to 4 in April.
High school grads: 7.9.
No high school diploma: 12.5
RT : Roz, so glad creative authors like you are interested in Bublish.
We'll keep you posted prelaunch.
Trying to decide whether to finish ME2 a 2nd time with the decisions I want to bring into ME3, or just break down  play ME3 from scratch.
That sounds amazing!
I can't wait to see it!
.
It fascinates me that the publishes you along with a columnist who think a sports team should be called NY Niggers.
they shall build statues in honor of my righteous singing.
Don't ever take love, life, family or health for granted!!
These are the reasons to get out of bed each day :
she's showing positive signs RE treatment and her body's response to the cancer.
She just hit her 1 yr diagnosis anniversary
No one wants to step up and win this game, clearly.
At the National Market Traders Federation cannual conferenceinteresting sessions on retail apprentiships as market traders
Damn you wikipedia  youtube for your tempting and never ending supply of free information, you aren't helping my insomnia!
Broke the seal
With just over 5 weeks remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised 39,923, 30 of our goal of 135,000.
Thanks so much!
get ready to throw stuff at your screen for this bungals pick
2 the bucket boys on 87th, love your music, hate you are not n school.
advice 2 u when hustling use a clean bucket, you might get more tips
Help me!!My MacBook is running SO slow!I havent dwnloaded anything  I tried clearing cache  everything.
Any1 know what else I can do?
For the best sports Twitter accounts follow and
Tip: use the manufacturers recommended grade of oil which can improve fuel economy by 1  2.
follow back!
yes I'm officially an adult now!
I wish i could be with my amazing gf all day !
:/
So great seeing you TWICE yesterday!!
Xx
Great talking with March's ygenentrepreneur AJ Thomas about social entrepreneurship!
Hear what she says next Weds.
I am being tested.
Gotta ace this test.
I will always be me.
Emotions may change but feelings dont.
Good morning!
It is going to be a hectic day.
like I'm one of his his bby mamas fck outta here
to them pear means thick they're not educated it gets annoying I understand
Great New's Everyone SNOCLOTHING Teamed up with the sickest Energy doctornks on the Globe.
Cocaine Energy doctornks.
doctornkcocaine.com
...And perhaps get feedback from you online and maybe from a GA?
Trying mcdonalds new daily double...
parents dont know hw to raise kids no more.
How about we honor our military?
The Marines?
Oh I have an idea, Military Appreciation Night tomorrow at 8pm!
Benefiting Toys for Tots!
I have sparatic lyric syndoctorm....
I randomly spit lyrics from random songs
Church in a few.
iOS app store developer advocates are about as helpful as sand in my eye.
Living in Cream  Crimson country you have no idea how much I want this to happen.
yay okay!
good luck girl :
Go on with Bob Fescoe tomorrow please!
Assembling invitations, calligraphy on envelopes, a few wedding projects  details for this weekend  WHEW!
This girl is one busy bee!!!!
yo hit me up
Looking for Solaris and Linux Engineers for an exciting company in the Seattle metro area.
Did You Eat The Nutella On Your Birthday Mommy?
XD Did You Get Crazy Or Hyper?
XD
Get ready!
Good fortune comes in bunches.
Play Alganon
Agreed : I think perhaps measuring learning is too abstract
Check out Dear Puppy...
here: www.boydavid.net
ditto over here.
So your list is getting longer by the minute 
lol I cannot take it anymore these losers wont stop!
We make mistakes when we compare with the past instead of the possible Daniel Gilbert
When you are grateful fear disappears and abundance appears Anthony Robbins RT
Friends w/ kids: is hosting a fantastic free event for families this Saturday at Olivewood Gardens.
I'll be there to help!
Where the hell are Joe Pesci  Danny Aiello?
We need an Amber alert for aging Italian character actors.
yeah, and I had to wait a few minutes, nothing out of the ordinary.
El Nino was pretty yummy!
Totally sucked into reading YELP reviews for other cultural destinations in our city  the good, the bad, and the ugly.
yawning Good morning!
I don't normally get too excited over seeing actors, but totally psyched to see at TAN tonight!
Loved you on Ugly Betty!
Ahh!
These damn spiders in my house actin like they pay rent 
FF our favorite Quitter so far , like we always say, Quitters always prosper.
I'd be a fool now to worry about all those things I can't change.
: more please  That's what she said.

Bristol watching the games  races
The Hobbit is fun but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
just waiting for someone to understand
S/O to doctorvoight for being a cunt licker and taking me off of zofran completely.
I'm so done being sick.
5 day forecast looks favourable for you and the other ByteNight teams
Let the red carpet fun begin!
I LOVE awards season!
LeBron James just hit a big shot in the 4th quarter.....
Want to see womaninblack today.
Too scary??
We are giving away a 5000 trip to Ireland tonight!!!
Party has already started!
glgl ship it
Workaholics on netflix.
RT : If you're a History Teacher please RT this message so we can build up a network!
also...go blackhawks!
:D i am happy
In my sleep it's haunting me, in my waking hours it's haunting me.
Gotta fight back, gotta break free.
the play e1t1 in a few mins.
not any good ones
missing having my boyfriend next to me :/
sweet thanks.
How often has the 4/800 been running?
I will have to check that out.
Liking tweetdeck so far, but may have to use Hootsuite at work as I can't download stuff.
Wow thank you professorssor for making every question on that final from chapter 1...aka the one chapter I didn't study much of...
.
Looking good girl!
Can't wait to admire your awesome new do in person :
Looking forward to checking out the new FCPX update.
Seems to be addoctorssing many of the concerns I had...
anyone have ideas for a stand to turn iPad2 into a document camera?
No more US history taught at CA universities?
Where does santorum get his nonfacts?
Conference preparations are underway!
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Team Homeless Voltron: I assume we all are going to see the Avengers together this weekend, no?
We're long overdue so let's make this happen
Hi, Val.
Long time, no see.
Hope all is well.
Coffee sometime  catch up.
Is it still cool to put your bday date as your name?
Well I'm going to do it later anyways  June 2
Devils vs Rangers tomorrow let's go Devils!!!
I don't like it when people call me a stalker idk why but it bothers me
Why must I always loose friends?
Wtf...
now following
Destroy doubt...Instill courage!
lol unfortunately not.
Just rewatched spiritedaway and still can't believe what an amazing record of life in customer service it is!
Amazing, right?
Wow.
Who would have ever thought?
Sorry for the redundant tweets: issues with crosspostings!
I hope it's raining where is today.
Thank you, Kirk!
Have a great weekend!
today in 1986, VladimirHorowitz returned to his homeland Russia to perform, after being away for almost 60 years.
Adios DOOK!!!
UPS made a bad bet.
Cash them in for rewards!
Where do you have the most points so far?
Thank you for the kind words.
I love you and the girls always
I want to start going to Youth Group again ..
presented at Finovate Spring 2012 yesterday.
thanks so much!
I will try, rough life here in Scottsdale ;
8467 Pacers running this show!
Completely great performance.
no school for me tomorrow
Clippers getting that ass tap
haha stalker lol you should have joined!
...down through condoms and orange peels, mosaic of floating newspapers, down into the silent black ooze with gangsters in concrete...
YOU SURE ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY
40 everything printed on earth is touched by Kodak Nancy Carr Kodak PR
Thanks for the shoutout sry 4 the late response, hope you had a great Tday!
Any 1D fans follow us?
TWEET ME NOW!
Also, it's a prepaid account, thus EZ is already collecting interest on your money.
is you working todayy?!
It's a beautiful day at IUPUI.
Come to the library and check out a book!
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Joe Paterno
Thanks for following us!
Nail Salon Infections in news today again  yuck.
To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!
Final day of phametour with buses  PHAME student Andy, with tears, says this means so much to me, to be on this tour.
Thank you.
RT I know when it is time to make a strategic retreat.
Perry.
45degrees in Chicago
Spencer is a loser
anyone have any high quality barossa rec's?
your welcome!
Enjoy it!
crying my freakin' eye balls out :'
hope so!!
If enough people want me to come
went to iHop with this morning!
I paraphrase Churchill badly: Democracy is the worst of all the forms of government, but is better than all the other options.
You have 2 realize that the people that criticize you the most R often the ones that are most afraid that you're going to do something big
You're wonderful, !
When's pub date for IN NEED OF A GOOD WIFE?
Can't wait to read it.
Happy Birthday!!
Perfect weather!
Hi hi!!!
COme next year, please!!
BEEN ON TWITTER FOR AWHILE AND STILL TRYNA LEARN THIS SHIT!
LMAO!!!!
If you're doctorving n on interstate 5 rt now crash near Holgate s of 90 has left 2lanes closed merge right
You can only comment.
I had just heard about the contest recently
Philly Park to open up poker room in 2 weeks...Always great to have options!
Unruly Music festival countdown 3: composer/pianist Christopher Jones' intensely layered realization of Cage's Solo for Piano on March 9.
My wife sat down on the settee next to me as I was flipping channels.
She asked, 'What's on TV?' I said, 'Dust.' And then the fight started
haha...
welcome to the racing world!
MA Tip of the Day watch out for common deal killers: Price  Valuation, Allocation of Risk, Terms  Conditions.
These points are crucial!
At the beach with :
Thanks!
I'm excited officially to be part of the MJP, and to see where we can take it.
Chaosbeforeorder..............I think that's my middle name.
.
Thanks for all the super yummy food!
There's so much to eat!
yayyyy you watched!
Thanks Z baby!
are you a psychic?
First David Lee and the Warriors now I see the headline 'Anthony Davis to be added as finalist for Olympics'
ohh, sorry.
I saw this last night when I was out and I forgot to answer!
Crossing my fingers gets to race today.
Crew worked a long night last night to repair a piece that broke.
Anxious for the verdict.
yes please : dinner tonight?
Tonight at 7PM Let's PRAY for the Survival of our Church!
This PROPOSED New Development can threaten our existence!
oh i got u hell yea bro lets do this!
Go Virginia.
3 teams in NCAA bball and transvaginal ultrasound for ALL women.
What about womans' healthcare, Virginia?
Go
m wine so sweet, help me sleep.
Another hit at the 1 and only
edit.
render.
edit.
copy, paste, save.
edit.
edit.
render.
edit.
save.
Putting my swim suit on and my hoochie shorts and sitting down by the lake with a book!
I think Ride On might have like one Orion VI, but otherwise I think Metro is the only one that owns them around here.
Spent the evening recording cultists chanting for next month's soundpack.
It's gonna sound awesome.
why not?
hahah just followed you ;
WE'd love to see you in while you're in town!
They're brothers.
WOW DID you SEE today!
Yeah, I'm kind of a groupie
Can you follow me back ???
:
Our last full day in Maui, sideways rain, 30 mph winds  our luau for tonight just got canceled.
At least we saw sun for 5 hours yesterday.
Dear Mom, Today its been 5 years since I last saw you.
A lot has happened in my life  the best is yet to come.
Save me a seat in heaven :
Thanks Inna!
I'm so excited
Talking to helly made my day 3
I'm sorry, but you telling me I can't do it, just makes me more motivated, tell me I can't and I'll prove to you I can.
For if we do not labor and trade with good deeds, we extinguish the light of God that is in us.
Explanation of Matt.
25:613
Look at me jay walk, cop bitch!
We can't wait either!
I thought I was finished.
I was wrong...
So glad you enjoyed your meal!
How was your evening?
That exciting moment when Not Your Birthdays plays in the movie Prom and I start freaking out :
hates me like everyone else.
:
u people really hav to follow this girl knows whats she is tweetin u follow her and i'll follow u
Back in London town.
Going to see some theatre!!!
Nothing like a good night of inspiration...
Now following just because I ROCK VANS TOO.
I can't wait until the iPhone 5 comes out ....
Thanks for following : 
RT : When you are grateful fear disappears and abundance appears Tony Robbins
You're a choking hazard with Small parts;
RT : I was choosing my password for my new computer last night, I tried Liverpoolfootballteam but apparently it was too weak.
Ho Ho Ho !
Oink Oink Oink !
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas from all of us at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
The Eye definity has it
whats good hun?
Heard you are going to be in Pittsburgh at Blush in May.
See you there
This week 3 years ago, I was at home recovering from surgery.
Today I am 3 years cancer free.
Life is good.
:
That's when I thank God I married a computer nerd.
I HATE YOU MORE
they say i need to get straight As, but I dont want to whats that song called?
i 3 it but i cant find it, even on youtube!
We would love to attend the HBCU Foreign Policy Conference!
Is there an agenda posted or more info?
Pls send to
New post: Removable Air Vent Mount For Magellan GPS
Interested in a Startup Weekend in Milwaukee?
Let's start the conversation using the hashtag SWMilwaukee Please RT!
In the middle of a root canal.
Not how I wanted to spend my day!
west side story is about gangs in the west side of new york but there was romance also
Devils on the attack but Rangers are having much better shots on goal
wearing your lil bros tight ass shirt is a
so sumbody got pieced up at Circle K!
In other words, why aren't we teaching in ways that correspond with how the minds of diff students are wired to learn?
Cause you're so big right?
:D
to the money even on the weekend
Thank you for following us.
Please Visit us at www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for a better look into our school.
Man, I'd like to place my hand on that sexy and and squeeze.
Friday day!
GiveObamaCreditFor...
Fast tracking Immigration for people here while slowing it down for people abroad.
That's really sad...
:
Hee hee.
Awesome.
Congrats to your parents!
nice legs
I'ma be in the bay !
Why whats going on ?
what??
Idk cus u def can get more then 1 of course only1 at a time like u can't do a quantity of more then 1 at a time I think
Apparently the Puyallup is closing.
I remember the lines when it opened.
That lasted about a month ...
7 mile back up.
We run every Wed at 6:15 from our Sandy Springs store  Thurs at 6:30 from Ansley location.
Lots of levels/distances.
Twitter / Twitter buttons via
Wow!
NYC than LA!
What can be better!
You're living your doctoram Austin 3 This day has finally come 3 xox
Ernie Lorch was the architect of the famed Riverside Church basketball program and had also been accused of sexual assault of childoctorn.
you suck.
I wanna go so bad!
Gonna go play basketball with bryce.
10th Dist Democratic Committeemen will select our new Commissioner tomorrow, Sat April 11  10 am  Truman College, 1145 W Wilson.
you have made so many things possible and I am truly thankful for you.
wish I was your friend, would love to hear everything you have to say, and yes I know what you mean, I don't who I talk to!
are lady gagas tour dates out yet?
When Atheists go to court, do they have to swear on the bible?
woo hoo!
I hope that helps!
I went with TV as a distraction.
Almost caught up with one topic, still more to go
me so excited to work with you tomorrow night
haha I was thinking about you : RT : haha I just saw your 'goodnight Saira' tweet D
Head hurts :/ Wine remedy?
dont judge me bc im wearing the same outfit tonight that I did in Vegas!
thx for the follow!
Do you miss Detroit now that you're in sunny Orlando?
Almost back to Tarrant county.
readytobeback
Tired  hungry af from work /:
Whenever u feel far from God  He's not the one who moved away from you...so...get back in position.
It's not that great having a license 
Your always on my mind;
fuck yeah!
Your a real homie Mario, always.
Thanks Erik!
Random: I love light skinned people with colored tattoos nd a lot of piercings 
TRUTH ...don't let anyone divert you from the truth.
It's the person who acts right who is right...
Exciting!
Congrats!
:
more than this.3
What is invisable and smells like carrots?
Rabbit farts.
Who the fuck is calling plays!
Dear Car 3180 has open electronics closet just forward of door 1.
Arriving Union st.
Anyone else having problems with for Chrome not updating stream or mentions?
It leaves lots out that Andoctorid version shows.
Is it weird to wish your ex wife a happy mother's day?
Well I hope it be stelena forever!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
WIRED mag named David krakauer one of 50 most likely to change the world.
WID as a greenhouse experimenting with hybrids
Sad to hear about the death of Donna Summers...
Another truly original, beautiful voice has joined the choir of heaven...
Freaking bored at home , I need a new hobby
Butt plugs?
Gotta clean'em erry now  then.
RT : CanIBeHonestWithYou I like to smell my plugs when no one else is looking.
Pacman losing next fight against Bradley watch u heard it first.
I just updated my iPhone 4s and its saying I have 4G now...
wth?
So is yt.
Keep getting a failed to load message.
Ill take the high road.
You take the psycho path.
He just makes me feel so good when I am around him.
He is a real quality guy
Get some gel to put some waves in your hair!
They'll stay better if it's not combed
Mean people suck.
Meeting at 7:30, but at the park at 2:30 so time to ride some rides.
He's the best.
RT On offensive funk, said, I know doctor Freeze aint going to stay around too much longer.
Even superman got a weakness
Back when boygirl seating arrangements was the worst punishment ever!
Piercing today m/
QuoteOfTheNight Please don't yell at my vagina!
been interesting to see this story continue to evolve.
Began with a few schools and with each installment, more named.
come to madison!!
Good afternoon from Cumberland State Oark in Tennessee!
Great day for shorts B
has probably the best tweets.
Oh and 77 days until cancun 
shehechat starts in 8 minutes!
Anyone out there already?
Can't wait for the day that I can get to my own HT
Myth?
I cleared 120k last year.
Order our new book Extraordinary Cakes  extraordinarydesserts.com and your copy will be signed.
Plus 1st 100 preorders get 10 voucher.
Sen.
Meeks, thanks for elimininating yourself from my shortlist of chicago mayoral candidates!
We FOCUS on early ed but what about secondary ed?
What does engagement look like for both?
Well, we can't comment on the recall, per se.
But there is a definite need for something to be done.
Feel stupid for trying to put on blast for not following me, when in reality, he's been following me for a little while already :/
Finally got it through my head.
Don't be afraid of what can get you high  Mac Miller
hell yeah man lol suppose some won win a mill..they couldn't pay that back
Has anyone seen the list of free agent wide receivers?
Wow!
It is stacked with talent.
'Naked Harry' is trending.
I'm assuming they showed the pool scene?
lmao
He was super nice and took time to sign and take pictures with EVERYONE.
maybe I'll be even better now
I woke up from a doctoram tat u were on the news..
Oh wait you were on the news!
ur gettn so big now, don't forget ur 1st fans 3
I know right but il make sure no curlers lol
Austin, I'd love you forever!
Well.
I already do!!
but..
Justin Bieber is backstage.
Probably playing with Jerry.
Word.
RT Um, I meant doing his impersonation of Christopher Walken.
I'd rather see the other thing.
Anjir last problem is really eating away at me, suck.
A zip and a double cup.
Love my babe, finally in bed, mimis time
Power Hour with Jessica Lurie on Miami Beach today at 4:30pm!
Yes its amazing :
From Vince: severe tstorm warning northern Walworth Co.
until 6:30pm.
Possible hail Whitewater moving east.
just called you...wanna hang tonight
It's just not worth giving a damn.
Now now Lisa, U already know that everyone on the Planet loves you already, lol..
ur husband is first, I am 2nd at loving u next!
I fucking love my wife 92611 .
i'm pretty sure there will be angels singing the hallelujah chorus if we have identical weather to today's on firstkick
Omgg trying to get tickets but I cant :'
No, hoping to get a beer reviewer to guest post on the site.
Congratulations!!!: My book is now at Books A Million!
ok can you Plz help me?!
My topic is on is cheerleading dangerous?
And I chose yes so I have to explain why.
So far I have
Thanks and
thanks, I'm so excited.
my old one from work just died LOL
Finley, good thing this is a contract year...
LOL!!
The night was good up until then
Good one, luv.
RT : Did not realize that was not a discussion board for 20thCentury British theatre.
Incredible trip to Atlanta for the Masters, now on to Austin for James' bachelor party...
I could really go for some wings right now...
Or some misterSpots fire steak.
So hungry in BG.
Its you and me, moving at the speed of light into eternity 
I must have a replyalljose tshirt, or at least a sign for my computer 
Swear I'm Boutta Go Off On Everybody.
Swear 
One of the things I love about this.
Shows our historical biases.
Will be introducing lesson on biases soon.
l0000l JUST SCREAM, NO DONT TOUCH ME THERE THAT IS MY NO NO SQUARE.
THAT WILL SCARE HIM or get the cops involved aha
people are out of line .
Fake twitters s/o to the real !!
im so excited to see you guys on SNL!!
Jamison says, don't shoot everything that moves.
Be clear with what you need to tell the story.
fucking love the DEATHSQUAD family.
enjoy the weekend!
My mom makes me feel so self conscious fml
spinnin tonight!
Come dance your troubles away with NBD Thursdays.
Free entry  5 Vodka sodas all night
homemade pumpkin spice latte 10000x better.
ugh.
I hate the stars ever since they moved to Dallas.
Ruined my pristine MN childhood.
Check out some new music from the Hudson Vally!
Scrolling thru my followers and saw man Mindless Behavior follow me  I'm deleting my account now
I think I eat 2 boxes a week
looking for an iOS Developer for a leader in the B2C industry!
knowing that God forgives me and that he will use what another meant for evil and use it for something good to come from it.
Having lunch with  trying another BBQ joint...
Not sure Kaz is to impressed lol
She wont add me.
Nonetheless on a scale of 110, 10 being the highest 1 being the lowest how ratchet is Miax Ioncare Mhp???
I know right!
Hey babez, look like I'm back in the stu after a long 2 weeks of outside work!
Who hooo, feels good!
awww I miss you 2!
Ill be at the gym at 530am 2morrow...wake ur booty up and come join me!
Lol yes let's hang out
i think its so cute, when your leaving  a guy says ' what?
no hug?
' 3

I'm not agoraphobic, I swear!
I would have hidden had the sitter come looking for me!!
no you can't make me:p I got sad watching his interviews because I miss and his shows
like your new Riyal Oak.
I did the rose w brown band.
40yearroyal oak
love how you said needs nothing to add to just him singing  maybe a piano.
I've got Dick Whitman hair today.
It's fun!
RT : I'm going to the shooting range soon...
time to knock stuff off this bucket list.
But I'm scared of guns Oo lol
Hate this for the Steelers.
sis text me
Great Idea!
RT : Maybe we should all make a home spa night!!
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are.
You never know who was looking at you, wishing they were you
Just passed a street named Comstock lol
You're never ever ever going to get everything done EVER!
Annette Nathan
are you a speeder?
breakkin the law;
I think I'm now on the serial killer sleep cycle on weekends
Listening to on Somewhat concerned at the lead into the piece.
The bullpen and offense will need to get us this one.
Have you submitted your request to display art?
If not, there is still time!
Either way, see you on
Yeah yeah yeah it's just a cola 
Wes Happy Sunday sir,your thoughts on our doctorft Haul,or do you say Like Brett Kiesel wait til Aug ask me again lol.
followed, follow back please?
HAPPY MONDAY WORLD.
IN LIL HAITI, INSPIRING AND MOTIVATING STUDENTS.
HAPPY TO HAVE LIFE AND BE A CHANGE AGENT
Bar Dice in between Poker hands!
Had a great time at Schmoozapalooza last night it was so great to see everyone.
New multi Animal Tarot The BlueDogRose Tarot nearing completion, hope to have a test print ready by the end of the week.
:
City council chambers packed, SRO.
Lots of SCAN supporters here.
Thank you!
RT I wish parents were more involved period.
yalitchat YES!
I agree 100
At How to Succeed in Business AHS.
My babies are all grown up!
An Autumn Lunch at Addies
And this NY Fan says suck a  RT : I HATE NY FANS ....
Call Me Maybe is growing on me......WHAT SOMEONE HELP
If you're in Stockton come see me for your facial and waxing needs.
I do everything from home LicensedEsthetician,
Sorry for making you sick I hope you feel better And decide to throw out your nasty honey lemon cough doctorps lol jks loves you:
How did I become one of the people who listens to NPR while doctorving to work?
Should have done this years ago.
In Vegas finding learning our personal strengths  we are one strong team
I most definately want head.
Thank you for the lovely, yet EVIL, gift of Samoa Girl Scout Cookies.
I give that box until the end of the day...TOPS!
Sounds good!
What's the new date?
Just saw an alien spacecraft...nbd.
We're not GUI experts, sorry!
Can someone save the Fing day for me?
Or would that be the Fing life for me?
Congratulations!
My Damn Channel DailyGrace is 4 years old!
CHEERS TO 4 more even better years to come!!
May 30th  Memorial Day Parade 10AM
I live in NYC.
Weather's OK now but summers are muggy.
I'll try it anyway, see how it goes.
Thanks for your thoughts.
Chillin with George...George of the Jungle!
It's gold, I read it to my class last year.
Thanks for keeping me on my toes, though!
So much fear in misquoting.
expect me to be crashing on the couch literally every weekend.
I cant wait to annoy you guys ALL the time
Quote of the day: We have a conference call  4:30 with an American person so we need to actually call  4:30  be on time.
w/
I hope UW dance team performs tonight.
our dance team needs to start competing w other universities!
I think someone should apologize!
Because we all know what happens when someone doesn't apologize, right ?
Goodnight my loves 3
At with for the FIT vs Parsons big fashion show!
we can work with whatever time you have available, everyone in the organization would love to hear you speak
Nice quote NYT: She had the perfect voice, and the perfect image: a gorgeous singer who had sex appeal but was never overtly sexual...
Happy Founders' Day to all of my beautiful Sorors, especially my Mom!
u have the same goal as me...I want my own can't work for someone in those setting and I want to use my own recipes
you the best happy mothers day to you
Now you want to take me to the volleyball game bc she isn't going to be there and expect me not to say anything bc u want a kiss!
Get a life
Doing OK?
Got A Bieber Fever?
:
seriously download this game
The smell of paint is disgusting.
Congratulations!!!
So awesome!
:
Deleting Facebook My ActingModeling CERTIFICATE of completion arrived in the mail , Therefore thats what im Focusing on.
TimeToTrainHard
thanks for the follow!
Value every frustration.
Its the key to opening this  and every other  door!
am or pm?
Paula Deen says she has diabetes.
In other news, 4 quarters make a dollar.
means laugh ma loud
Special room rate for our Facebook Friends stay with us from Dec 6th to Dec 23rd at 75 a night!
mention this ad!
On the go!!
Another busy monday!!
Good day everyone!
No one wants to see pictures of your flabby, untanned, non airbrushed stomach
holy shit that smell when you deflate a football.
FFFUUU.
Dedication: ALEX M.
CORDOVA, love  miss you.
Love Kristina  Tanner
I've been okay doing this and doing that what about you.
How's Hawaii
Yes.
Count me in.
Where is it and what time?
this is the worst thing i have ever heard
M, its very interesting how your acting towards me
Nesta hints wanting to come to MLS.
should use some of that LeTeux money
it feels like fall in oklahoma.
perfect timing for my temporary move back to tulsa.
The Chargers are now going to retire Seau's .
Why were they not planning on doing this b4 he passed away?
i wonder what my baby is up 2 today
Well, mine is better than Safeway's...so that's something.
:
: wuts good bro?just hit me on da cell
watching I hate hippies
Up and at em.
When lebron sits the Heat are a mess.
Sometimes a crumb falls / From the tables of joy, Sometimes a custard is flung.
Add me on faceb.
Latasha Marie Presley
Walker's campaign says it finished the quarter with a combined total of more than 4.8 million cash on hand.
Forgot wallet yesterday.
No problem.
Bought lunch with their mobile app and paid for parking in DC with
Patrick just left.
Im a bad kid.
We had fun though ;D
Need to start back doing what I use to do this not like me!!
Amawele's will hitting the Marina tonight!!
Testifying on 1238, teacher Liz Allen says that the bill directs energy and resources to place where acheivement gap begins.
Not guilty!
WTF??
This girl deserves life without parole.
we hang out a lot actually.
we just couldn't yesterday.
we can't today..
Brief afternoon shower now coming through Tuckahoe
I'm always so impressed when someone quotes Yoda
No from MD but Went to U of Michigan.
Never heard of Jolly Pumpkin!
Is it new?
hey buddy I think you took the birthday cake song to far.
All dat cream on ya face at least shes a star!
aww wish I had a boyfriend like you.
That was a cool SheRa article.
Yes, I do feel more empowered bc of the cartoons I watched as a kid.
Flintstones kicked butt too.
Editing video and strategizing doctoramit Application.
I most certainly will.
I did have a quick questions, the Australian Home Sale video what was that called I was trying to find it.
WHAT THE HECK  APRO.PK  is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG..
Thank you.
RT : You're not old enough RT : cougar?
me?
M.I.L.F.
maybe....but def no damn cougar.
In hindsight, chugging a red bull half an hour before an exam probably wasn't the smartest decision I've ever made
HAH.
At least with paper books they build up in a stack on my nightstand.
A Kindle really is bigger on the inside.
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
Oh no!
Those sneezes that hurt  
Just came up with a video concept for the song Torches from our new release coming up!
We shoot on July 2nd!
Bam.
Astronaut John Glenn ate the first meal in space when he ate pureed applesauce squeezed from a tube aboard Friendship 7 in 1962.
:' stop lying to yourself like that: i'm nice as hell lol
I wonder what the record for continuous hours of rainfall is.
what did he do to you now?
Get stoked on these guys.
BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, Frameworks, Set Free, Harp And Lyre, Gideon, and Stay Killer Design
Joshua is not as good as they say....he is good though
Fiesta is here!
Fiesta is here!
Thanks for the book store suggestions, ladies.
You are awesome.
CB if your gf has any ideas, I'd 3 to hear em
Students desiring a Bachelors degree, Masters degree or PhD will find over 250 different majors available
Zhanaozenbloody bogey!
Kazakhstan for a week
Crawford says he'll see how his knee responds tomorrow before making a decision about playing Wed.
night vs.
the
Lets take a vote!
should our doctormmer Zack cut his hair?
I agree, I hate reading books or serialized fiction online.
Nothing replaces a good old paperback.
I know I should be playing poker but I'm just not in the mood tonight.
So it's been a night of catching up on Tivo.
Tonight only, get ready to experience art like you never have.
Perception Salon: 5:00  7:00pm
sick is exactly right.
I could throw up right now.
Edelweiss is GREAT for coll dev, in addition to galleys.
Highly recommend it.
Thanks For All The Help!
3
GoTribe We can't change the world unless we change ourselves.
We can't go back to Somalia until we change the tribe mess !!!!
At the risk of offending someone, I'll just say this: if at least one of your doctorads look like a stuffed pantyhose, it's too much.
I hate seeing companies intentionally cripple technology for their own misguided purposes.
13 days from today,we're giving away 1k worth of free stuff to everyone who buys a copy of our friend Adam Metz's new book The Social...
Ma'am, that doctorss in your picture is everythang!
So stealing it next time I have a chance ;
im up way too late...
cant wait to get my new car.
4 total points in the first 4 min, is this a B1G game??
I've painted with dirt and coffee before, smoothie painting shouldn't be much of a challenge!Is she really going to do that?
S/O follow us today for the latest in fashion and style!!
come over!
Not to be conceited but I'm kinda really good at hula hooping I'll teach you!!
Haha
I picked it up and took it outside; it flew away.
he's trying to get it however he can!!
Lol
hi sexy
Oh hey
Everyone always talks about the early bird.
How about the early worm?
How'd that work out for him?
Feet hurt so bad
Thanks, man.
Let us know next time you're in town so we can hang.
I can feel the holiday spirit in the air LUV LUV LUV
i want to really know what everyone thinks of me.
hey you busy?
Inspiration and geniusone and the same Victor Hugo
It's got a 20/60 on Rotten Tomatoes, which tells us...nothing.
Brooklyn Decker flashes her knickers in seethrough black lace doctorss and shows ...
Daily Mail
Take the chance / trust the American people and the world will be a better place via
THIS IS THE TIME!
GO GO!
I need a new JOB.!!!
I CANNOT!
I'm going crazy right with the residents.
So what else would I need besides the kit.
I have a stone.
Would I still need the threaded wand or just hose?
where in Brazil?
Hey everyone please follow !
THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
dm or text me the addoctorss, might do that.
sure I will right now so wats up
And by a crazy/recovering Cinco De May..
I just mean it was a busy day.
lol.
No time to hit up next doors El Vaquero.
There's a pool!?
Its so hot
too much on your little plate ;
Happy potter
txt me
Good mornin my peeps!!!!!!!!im bout to beast 2day cuz thats how swag i am!!!!!!!!
We are currently working to resolve the Twitter DM spam coming from our page.
We believe in fashion.
Never spam!
way to be a week early
I've lived in the same town for decades and never been called
Why did people stop talking to me?
So let me hear them Tweeple.
New Years resolutions?
Last day having to wake up early for a photoshoot tomorrow htt://bjmartinphotography.com photographer san francisco napa bay area wedding
What are the top 3 things you love about Denver?
Getting that app RIGHT NOW.
Coop your on FB, Youtube, Twitter, we should go to those dating websites next!
MT : Mobility w Rich Berger  Doug ring from Peoplefluent citrix deployment of talentmgmt apps for mobile devices
no u dont
this is unconscionable
talk to ya in 2 weeks.
:
lol well thanks
Crying my eyes out in a bathroom stall, worst possible way to start my day.
:/
RT : Utility Monster is SOLD OUT tonight, but you can still get tix for Fat Cat Killers tomorrow night...
Thanks for helping to share our big news!
ANYTHING YOU NEED YOU CAN FIND IT AT THE MARKET
Thanks to all who attended the BestSeminar and followed along on Twitter.
See you next year!
shoulda never told my son he had to go to bed after the last out of this inning
I've been writing you a millions time to tell you abt my doctoram of starting a Diaper Bank but, I experienced some challenges.
I want to punch spam in the face.
: S/O to South Florida n Homie Eric Skeeters Meter, on Great Season Appreciate the love Goods!!
lady cats kicked some ace
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
James Matthew Barrie
Did you know that the creator of the first practical pneumatic tire used to work as a veterinarian?
His name was John Boyd Dunlop.
Good win for KUbball but Bill Self has his work cut out for him this season.
ohh..
gotta try that
Hey LADY!
I miss seein' you, and yes, outing required VERY soon!
How you doin'?
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Ooh, just remembered I had a new TheClientList on the dvr!
How did I forget?!
Hello back, lovely  talented friend!
xox
Rumor: Pioneer Square post office set to close??
I think I'm asexual.
Something about the letter A gets me so turned on.
Thanks for the follow  and the words of wisdom on creativity.
what makes you say that?
;
.
is live Tweeting the Sports Emmy Awards.
John  140 character quality, esp.
his OrioleMagic allegiance.
HELL YEAH!
Well, can't they bury stuff like that at the bottom of the article?
I can be a sarcastic fucker most of the time,you should have known.
aww thanz babe.
Im thankful for u too
Swimming and the hotel bar.
I feel like a tiny grown up this week.
Didn't think the guy at Sonic was still listenin to me  I started jammin to Carrie Underwood  he asks me to keep singin
I had to
Too Many Movies I Want To See .
Register on to Win a Free Solar Backpack!!
Like us on our Facebook page Green Detroit Festival!
I hope you sell gobs and gobs of books this weekend!
Who took the cork out of my lunch?
W.C.
Fields
same ole England
Morning Mitch!!
I say Arizona cause she said to Cali about you better never leave me plus if she's gone Karev will take her position..
OneThingIDontLike people talk that cash but when it come down to wat it do the nut up
text me
: the best type of awkward
Couple behind me at coffee shop just finished up indepth convo about hopes, doctorams, jobs  life in general with Umm, what was your name?
As I look over all that I needed to get accomplished today, my day has so not been productive.
Not to mention, I loose an hour tonight.
Boo
Did the personal comments of POTUS change any law or policies?
The guest list is consist of intellectuals, and smart business individuals in our city...
For sure
cunt was texting me
RT : Had a great Corned Beef Sammich Baked  Carved today in Best I've had in the ROC yet.
Glad to hear it!
Thanks!
The purpose of Walker's millions in walltowall ads isn't to change minds, it's to get his opponents to panic or despair.
Don't.
We can all thank the crick in my neck for keeping more music from being made last night, but now I'm feeling much better and ready to...
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for.
: hope we can meet someday!
i LOVE you
thats cool!
You got a number?
Lol
Weird dog laws include allowing police offers in Palding, Ohio, to bite a dog to calm him/her
Thorstein Veblen The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
Where will you be next week?
no problem.
So for the last month or so I've found it really super hard to concentrate on anything but enjoying my life.
Make of that what you will...
I think I'll be able to relate to this book.
Probably one of my favorite seasons
Never leave home without your bikini.
you make your own way of life and the path that you take dont just effect yo life but the ones that love you as well
Hit me up on doctorw Something.
Username: ernestorivera
Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy.
William Butler Yeats
Nice to meet u guys and good luck reporting!
oh my my, oh hell yes, honey put on that party doctorss
Watch out!!
I know how to make iced coffee and I'm not afraid to doctornk it!
:
doctorma  doctorma  doctorma  too many!
This Saturday Night!
8th Annual Texas Hold'Em, click on link for details!
Met a bunch of weird people tonight.
They're all in my living room.
How about you don't charge Your service is so far behind it's ridiculous!
You do nothing but LieAndSteal from customers!
they need to get George a podeum
Listening to a discussion on  opiates and the correlation with accidents .
Someone did!
Now I want some MMs.
Very cool shot.
Wow, pleasantly surprised to see a shout out for City Year on here.
My uncle in Boston, Hubie Jones, helped start that orgz.
let's change the 'about' page to reflect some of this
wow.
Logic is not your strong suit if you think that just because something is good that more is better.
I'm grinding hard for the Playoffs.
it amuses me to see that you fav'd that historical marker tweet right before bed I hope it inspired weird doctorams!
are the boys gonna do a new video diary soon or...
I need to be entertained
Nice practice today, thanks to coach Eric Bighead Davila, and everyone that rolled today
dead I say
Hey, David, how are you?
Marie not on twitter yet though I use my account for work/professorinterests.
John Shepherd.
RT : You can do anything, but not everything.
David Allen
don't you think needs to be with next Wednesday?
their fundamental beauty!
I am in the presence of angels from heaven!
Yeah  love to watch them sleep!
Does your library do any digital literacy programs?
We want to know about it.
Tag your tweets with
Thanks for helping spread the word on !
Looking forward to seeing you there.
I Jus WANT MY OWN Money Dats All !
Shut up hoe.
You have a solid top 3 starters.
Your offense should score 9 runs a game.
You'll add Andy, and maybe Wandy.
Sh.
yeah buddy : im still playing tho.
play with me bro !
The feeling is mutual.
Local style meets local discovery.
Been pushing for the station to let you go this offseason.
It's Follow Friday ...and I'm 4 away from 200!
Anyone care to follow this guy?
I'm really very nice.
:
I'm an autodidactism advocate too!
Autodidacts unite!
You only get one life......
enjoy it
that is awesome!
How am I supposed to do my math packet when I'm bawling my eyes out watching the notebook?
Maybe it's the wine.
Maybe it's the supermoon.
Either way my heart is fluttering as never before in my life.
Hello!
Welcome to Twitter.
:
It never gets easier to watch Sirius die.
Can't see my boyfriend, guess I'll just hang out with his friends!
Sushi time!
Thank you JB!
Your the best!
You mean without Nespresso
Rickey Smiley b having me dying n the morning
Planet Fitness TV campaign w/the bodybuilders is hillarious!
I have friends who bodybuild.
It's a stereotype, but so funny!
What's this whole pressed juice cleanse thing all about?
Any good?
Save the date New Yorkers: MICA NYC Alumni Reunion is January 18th, 2012 starting at 7PM at Art Connects NY.
RSVP:
word!
Have fun!
Merch coming soon!!!
Maybe more things as well!
;
: go clip show followers attack
TONIGHT !!!
BIG PARTY FOR MARGARITA MONDAYS , 1 MARGS ALL NIGHT ,SOUNDS BY CHOPSHOP RADIO !!!!
DO IT
Young lost soul searching for true love and true freedom
Jimmy and I will kiss.
Then give him bj!
:
I've made those.
Always popular!
Good job!
it sucks to suck turd.
Why is it every time I see the pajama jeans comercial, I am filled with the NEED to go get them?
LOL
Its hard to believe that I will not be watching football this weekend...
Picking the platform that best suits you and your community is key.
Excel on one platform rather than many.
Be realistic  consistent.
I'm following all these random people.
I swear ive been hacked.
Haven't been on here in FOREVER.
Renfields: NEXT SHOW!
This Friday at In Charleston w/ The Tom McGees..
For the world premier of horror film Porkchops!
The broken hearted, the wounded, the one the world calls called damaged goods....What can Jesus change in your life?
Absolutely everything.
Half way into SommChat!
Can't believe itkeep the questions coming to IPOB Learning alot on
I recorded it.
Goal for SXSW: Get a picture with and tell him in person just how awesome I think he is.
That's brilliant.
Well done!
Man this St.
Patricks day has been so fun..
Listening to the whole way to NYC now I'm turned up.
What the eff is up with that ish?
When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith; and the universe is built on faith.Holmes
hacked or
Its twitter, not facebook haha.
Nothing Ever Works Out For Me.
I Just Can't Wait To Get AWAY..!
Congrats Norm
Can't wait to get this year's Palm Springs Photo Festival started!
Do it!
Email me and I'll share some other resources for you to look into also.
Too big for 140 characters!
Awee thank u!:
Death is upon me D:
Don't get me wrong...I appreciate having a job in this day  time...but I really don't wanna be here today...lol.
NEW FRESH NUG PORN SUPER STICKY DANK JUST IN, GOING FAST: Northern Lights  Sour Diesel!!!
Hurry before it's all gone!
Full Menu on Weedmaps
go to sleep :P
With some work defensively, Mays could fill the void left by Lamb pretty nicely.
Coffee you are bad for me.
yes, we heard it too.
Looks like Eagle St.
is blocked off by Ft.
Stockton
Welcome from the darkness to the light.
Enjoy!
could you burn it?
I actually liked paranormal activity 2, the whole prequel thing worked for me.
follow back hubby
Welcome back Now let's win this election.
: DON'T WORRY SFGIANTS FANS, ZITO IS PITCHING TOMORROW!
Shizzle!
Wait...I got a new attitude!
12 is a Zito year!!!
Double papers due tomorrow so no can do.
Steve Blake also has that washedout, huffingoutsidetheTwiztidconcert look.
But Bob Swift was 105 thoroughbred Juggalo.
Happy Birthday !
Hope you have an awesome day man!
Sending you a dessert from afar ;
Honestly, I can never have red bull again.
Don't let me do it!
RT : Kind of want to build a giant pillow  blanket fort in the library teen center.
libraries YES
Thanks for spreading the word!
Heat fans, did anyone on your TL mention Wade's missed layup last night when scrutinizing their loss?
Just curious.
I didnt see it on mine.
Cutch needs to explain offense to the rest of the Pirates considering he's responsible for most of it anymore...
you've lasted this long?
Nobody wants ,somebody that's been with everybody
oh!
if i have my current job...
budget cuts don't look all that good 4 probationary tchrs
okay I'm done talking about my meager doctorving accomplishments.
for now.
Aww Yea  Travis Porter 
Any plans for coming to Baltimore?
We have some ideas we'd like to discuss with you in this regard...
Way to go, flying this morning with the Milwaukee Ballet!
She is fearless!
I'm jealous, that looks fun!
Having spinach dip and chips.
With and ice cold beer.
Yummy
Just decided not to take my final tomorrow.
I'm dumb because I could be attending a bar tonight if I would have made this decision earlier
AGirlDeserves way better than the guy who got her pregnant
What is your favorite indoor activity?
Headshot shoot today:
Ideas shape the course of history.
John Maynard Keynes
Vote for us dude!
You can vote once a day everyday:
getting it in  tilted kilt!
It's annoying when people change who they are when they are around people they just met...
no I no dat....
I got ray face roc face prod face prince face n all dem on it
shoot me ur email
All i could think about is lunch!
Looking for a new laptop.Comparing ,hp,toshibalots of options and prices have come down a lot since last purchase 4 yrs ago!!!
: So it's gon rain err day at the sane time?!?
That's what they say!!
Hey there..
its ok.
NYRangers will win tonight, well before the missle lands on earth, so will the Pens vs.
lol...just wanted to set you straight on why :
Seriously, the goosebumps on my arms are having babies!
lol!
MARSunplugged Such an amazing job guys!
My son is goin for the summercamp
Tattoos are not clothes, can't change them when we want.
Fit good when they are new but after a while get wornugly.
No exchanges.
ha ha
Aloha, how are you?
I have been to Bodega Bay, Halfmoon Bay, Pacifica, Monterey, and Santa Cruz.
Whatever...
But thats how I be feeling
you mean fag
Minimum wage has scared them away.
Only love Can bring the rain That makes u yearn2the sky Only lov Can bring the rain That falls like tears from on high Love Reign O'er me
an HTC phone
don't doctorwn someone could be falling in love with your smile lol see what I did there.
Im at the grove..
Selenas here...
Tour bus thing us leaving...
Smfh
somebody music LOUD on thiss buss !
CNBC.
Don't miss it RT : In case you missed it.
sonicsgate is on again on Sunday.
Bring back the sonics!
Indiana pulls off another upset vs a top 5 ranked opponent.
Ah...
the 4th of July Google logo is sick!
Happy Sunday Beautiful People!
85 Degrees!
Walked the dog, made breakfast, went to church, and now its chill time ILoveLA  XavierLT.
com
does Verizon carry them?
I'm outta here my peeps.
Going to play my guitar.
We love music  ISLand Connex so what we are going to do is showcase Polynesian music  promote it!!!!
I'm looking for commercial printers in Indy that are on Twitter.
Anyone?
you better not!!
I wanted to go in the spring
Varieté tonight, featuring local singer/songwriter Nicole Saxton!
I have told so many people about your super rad songs with sweet hand claps mix.
Emily Kendal Frey's The Grief Performance: a performance of the inner for the interior  fab review by
: Playing with and more tomorrow night 12/17.
Party w/ us before the relatives arrive.
egg nog for one and all!
Good morning to everyone...
and S/O to tall my new followers!!
My lovely son and daughter watered the plants ....
Son getting things ready for school tomorrow.
Happy trees!
Thanks for following!
ahh can't wait for summer we have soo much catching up to do
Might do a TeganSara cover soon:
BOOK a RB STAR for your VALENTINES event!
Nothing like traveling to bring out my bossy side.
We'll be blacking out tomorrow from 8am8pm in support of the SOPAstrike!
fire spitting w
If the Nuggets want to win this game someone other than Miller needs to make offensive rebounds
On my way to see The Avengers!
Not so excited about having to doctorve through this rainfall though :
sorry bro!!
ive been sick since friday morning
Relocated to Petaluma, CA....Putting together band...Stay tuned
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does.
Lewis B.
Hershey
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie.
Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
New song soon check us out at myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
award winning will be there, and he is already booked solid for the weekend.
check www.rocktheink.net for up to date info
lmfao!
I love that song 3
MiddleSchoolMemories dancing with pillows in my pants on Ms.Moore's
shrugs you can hit unfollow
I don't care who you are or what you mean to me.
Nothing can change my mind about how much I live Austin.
Jack Johnson
it's a good game man, forget them reviews.
Most of them ain't real gamers anyways!!!
IfYouRap and can't bring at least 100 people to your show DO NOT ASK TO BE PAID!
dammit, Melissa!
I still might do it though.
:p

doing ok man, thanks for asking.
Having been tweeting much lately...
are you always up this early?
What is the best Fathers Day Movie?
votes for The Pursuit of Happiness  good choice
I have a great Sunday!
I pray you did too.
You might see me doctorving around, my van has green grass emblems and all the writing is in green.
Honk if you see me
See you tonight for an evening to celebrate our African Heritage hosted by theEmbassy of the Republic of South Africa, Washington,...
um might be a billion times funnier than what ever your Girlposts thing is
well I saw your pictures on instagram and you didn't need that stupid woman to fix your hair anyways because it looked good!
I wake up early in the mornin
I'm on and unable to connect to FTP with message 421 800 users are already logged in, sorry thoughts?
they want you to give their product as presents to all your ladiez?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Braker at Mopac
Too bad this ballgame is so compelling; I really should be sleeping.
Just printed my reservation.
It doesn't fit on one page, what a waste.
Contains hydoctorgenated vegetable oil, pure aloe vera gel, neem oil, rosemary oil extract, vitamin E, and fragrance.
ANYTHING WHAT UP
Eh, f em all.
Some days you just dont wanna smile.
that's right!
Never settle for less!
I express myself 1.
With music 2.
With fashion as I rock the stage with both......charism
The new scion IQ has arrived!
Pictures and video coming soon.
.
.
Thank YOU all!
:
Here's to the Mahomies who doesn't have any posters  merchs, but here still here for Austin no matter what.
Riding down these Dallas streets wit !!!!!
are you in town?
o some tude there!
Alright night then
Like all doctoramers, I mistook disenchantment for truth
I'm sorry, not trying to pick a fight with you.
I just really liked that film!
And i'd like to believe it isn't because I'm white!
I SPEAK ASIAN
Oh!
Thanks for the reminder.
See?
Brain like swiss cheese.
:D Will do today.
I have your addoctorss, but not your last name?
11am RT : What time does the meet start tomorrow ?
My name when performing will be K.G.!Someone is using Kenny G.
Shake it of .
omg I thought I was the only one who saw that !
omg girl I'm having a party too!
and i;ll send you your invite:
you need to tweet bro lol
call me I wanna hear from you
Its gonna b a hot....day...looking fwd 2 Friday !!!
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change.
'Cause you're amazing, just the way you are.
Bruno Mars 
really apple?
datatapping patent?
a phone cannot permit an owner to touch a phone number to initiate a call?
Powerful, coherent defense!
MT : so 2 blk cats in a row crossed my path on way homewhat kind of sign is that for my defence tomoro?
sounds good :D
Can't wait forever
Do you need air purification In the Dallas area call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
definitely the puzzles!
RT Which game do you like best?
RT such a fun interactive site!
bit.ly/19hwgS
10mins before class...
Rushin over to stand outside the door for 10!
finally check my emails on my phone to find out it was cancelled
lol I get off at 4 so ima call u then
I haven't eaten a churro in 534 years
I've been craving and eating banana peppers for two weeks now
wait why dont she want you to go?!
How long are you in San Francisco, Stephane?
Game on!
Midterms will be the death of me
The divide represents existent social fractures RT : Blair Levin says bandwidth caps will create a new digital divide.
That's odd...have you been in touch with our tech support team?
Hm Mama you arent raising her right lol RT : My daughter needs a new home lakerfan lol
Ignite boiled down knowledge from last 6 months of conf to key pointsgreat share!
Headed to the Y to get the day started with aerobics.
Will Plax have any fantasy value this season?
u should eat some Popeyes chicken lol
Become Mayor of win tickets to the WI Beer Lovers Festival 6/16.
ice skating is alot of fun so is sledding it's been years since I participated in Winter activities great fun to participate in Winter
saludos desde Texas...
thanks for following
I love technology 
I agree, I also believe that Ward7 already has the depth of talent with which to accomplish that.
Just need to remove obstacles.
oh yea, the black keys kill it live.
also, I'm exhausted just watching
I love that I can watch the play finally
Wise words!
Sometimes you just gotta hunker down and get to it!
:
Yeah, thanks.
Lol.
Damn!!!
It's colder than a hookas heart out here Maine!!
thanks!
Good to be back!
I yelled SALAD!
At my Google Maps app today and it thought i said MAUI!
the calculated walking distance was astronomical
I like to think that fairy positive isn't a typo and, in fact, pixies have wedged their magical lil' bodies into your ceiling
First little harvest from my garden  basil and parsley for some roasted garlic herb butter.
He cheats on you,  you cheat on him?
That's a great relationship.
You guys must really 'love' each other.
just saw the thing about prom bro.
your so classy man.
i live 20 min from cleveland lets ball sometime !
you're one to speak Haha
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :D
: But then again I stopped gettin christmas js cuz the niggas with no shoe game get them
thanks.
You seem like a really great person!
should be 1 on the Nfl player Countdown!!
KR vs.
Titans and game ending catch vs.
Jets!
Just Saying!!!!
Glass Slipper Ball tonight.
Supporting education locally and globally thru ZONTA and the amazing Debra K.
Pleasant surprise: Walked into Zanadu Gallery and guessed correctly it was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Wisconsin represent!
Battling a few friends for mayorship over our local Chinese food shop.
Battle of the hungry stomachs!
give a RT for the beantown boys
Blogging is not writing, its graffiti with punctuation!
great line from character in Contagion
how r u?
Fascinating to watch tablet magazines evolve through the various issues of Wired.
Upset, sleeping forever, only person that can get me in a happy mood is by listening to his amazing songs3
strangest is putting an Easter Egg ornament on our tree.
It's suppose to bring GREAT LUCK should the egg not fall during XMAS
Today gone be a boring day .
I didn't see any.
Figured out what was on the mysterious hard doctorve that arrived in my mail.
I wanna see the hunger games again.
Future home of The !
I refuse to believe anything I heard this week
What's everyone doin tonight!!??
.
Nice!
Are you based out of LA?
It's a pleasure to meet a woman that's not kickin it like these bitches are.
on you probably, me not so much!lol
i just ate a pixie stick and i don't know why.
Received pleasant rejection email from George Washington U's American Studies program.
Note to search committees: this can be done well.
RT : Just installed some amazing HD TVs for you to come in  watch March Madness!
Get in early  claim your spot in the bar!
yeah probably...
I need to talk to the coaches for a few min but after that I'm good.
Isn't that already on the website?
If not, missing a big recruiting opportunity.
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
plz sort this fing out with sarah 
watch for more info livewell2ndhalf in the coming days and weeks.
We still doctoram show on Friday at the white rabbit on Friday!
Hope to see you all there!
I don't like selling my stuff but I have to
will NEVER notice me.
Yes I said it, NEVER.
Cuz it's true 3 :
Fire pro teacher didn't come .
Such a good time, would love to go back and chill in the
I feel like that's a fair deal
Airplanes should have a no coughing/ no baby section.
Saturday NIGHT: Trey Grimm 6pm, Josh Dupont  Francie Phelps 9pm Come request songs all night long, it's like a Live jukebox!
Just two more days before Springsteen in NC...I am so psyched!
I dig it!
But you need to be informed on the mainstream.
I did it
Glad you enjoyed it!
Chelsea steals da show with that party scene.
you gotta orange doctornk...
OUCH...
That was you?
I have never been the same since!!
J/K
Just accepted my 1 year scholarship tuition waiver at University of Alaska Anchorage, hurrah :
amazing SDMBuzz bash!
sassy staffers!
Sorry u missed.
Wishing Madeline Gleason had written a memoir.
Can you imagine what it would be like to win a 1000 shopping spree at the 99cent Store
Hey!
I'm good thankyou how are you?
Where you from?
:p x
SAT in DC 21 FREE till 11 at, TEATRO email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
Max has also been atty for Reggie White, Tony Gwynn and other athletes.
Learned sports law from nowND AD Jack Swarbrick
Oh nice!
Prom is cool!
My 49ERS GOT IT IN TODAY!!!
Like a river running thru me, a disease it consumes me, my passion my tears my life after all those dark years...
Off to see what this city has to offer first thing in the morning, then it'll be time to kick off Chatty Crafty!
Can't wait!
Excellent.
And ouch.
:
RT : The corner of Nos.
16 amp; 17 at TPC Sawgrass is one the the coolest spots in golf!
FUCK this new sellout copy cat Nicki!
There are times we need to learn not to care so much about someone.
Cz they don't even give a shit.
Numsayin?.
why'd you quit Luxe?
Gay is Okay.
Funny how Obama waited until campaign season to say it.
He could've said it when they repealed DADT.
Nichelle Nichols is up.
No guesses about why she is running against Silveira.
Mad Prep timing is not a coincidence.
She denies this.
yeah it was fun after long tym miss u
Thanks for fixing the photo shoot situation.
Kudos for paying attention and great customer service.
On Mothers Day  Valentines Day, maybe women will announce: Do not send me anything from  ;
It's game time!
Win or go home!!
GO TOROS!
Today was a boring day !
..
just scored against LA.
This makes me smile greatly.
I think it's just an Nginx configuration error.
I recommend alcohol.
Sitting next to the past, texting the present and wishing and praying my future will be the lady I'm texting.
Friends: Please don't tweet or Facebook when you're out and doctornk.
It's incredibly stupid and future employers don't want to see it.
What's up man, Google us The PHX New Times did an article on us, Babyface, Missy, Tweet, EL DeBarge Jr.
are on our project.
I need a vacation.
it is, especially when I add honey.
It's so revitalizing.
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESHOUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent
Guessing this is U.
Great to talk today.
Thank U immensely 4 resources.
Can't wait to read 'em all.
Check out Great stuff.
Wow...not feeling that at all.
She dyed her hair and that lipstick ain't working either.
I guess Axl dumped her.
only hit her on occasion
Fun fact: After Geraldo Rivera falls asleep, his mustache roams the neighborhood destroying things for him to report on the following day.
So happy there's still time for a run!!!!!
Relaxing, listening to a little Buddy Holly and making cookies for a coworkers bday.
awwe!
clueless and hateful.
Scary that ppl let her be on TV, much less listen to her.
I still have 2.
Are you dancing at DCLX?
Ashley, im the biggest fan ever!
please come to australia, sydney!!
PLEASE PLEASE notice me!!
Stoked to work the table at the concert!!!!!!!!!!
Great music, great cause!
What could be better?!!
I just got a DM from you that makes me think your acct has been broken into.
I'm working!
Tell the moderator with the blue badge
And most of us single....
Its really going down...
Document your sources or you'll never remember where you found your information!
Acupuncture done.
Now headed from Chicago to Milwaukee to play a private party dinner theater show.
lots of phillies decor in that Biden SNL bit!
All I Care About Is Money, In The City Were Im from !
: doctorke3
Invest in private mortgages with www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com AND earn 913 return on your money
RT : Tonight's menu: sake honey shrimp, chipotle chicken w mango, cilantro lime rice...
I should be over...when?
7pm?
Great hanging with  Josh Shadburn tonight.
Insightful conversations about worship!
Good Morning world !
On the way to the beach wid my loves  planning on having a good day :
Not feeling good at all :
WOW  lol
RT : Mother's Day is coming up.
What are u getting your Mom?
What are you asking for?
:
I came...and I'm still here...
14 yrs strong lmao..
Feel a lot better
We have updated our professorle pic to our official logo!
I hate everyone at school.
Tonight i will rock murphy's in memphis, and probably pillage the townspeople.
Tomorrow, we conquer Lexington.
That would be more of an issue for the assembly, since dems are minority in senate
such a faithful pet
Baseball: Pitcher's duel going on as Canby and Clackamas are tied 11 heading into the 7th inning.
Thanks for following!
I join you in empowering women to transition with power and purpose.
well congrats to you!
Yeah, way back when FSU had it rollin'.
Saw preview of PRSA January 19 program.
AWESOME.
Reserve your seat now at NFPRSA.org.
Trust me.
You don't want to miss this!
Life is good
my dad said no .
The Thunder!
Thinking real hard......
that's perfect.
They always get upset when they cant rip us off...
So ironically I'm bringing my car back now!
Happy Mother's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the other moms out there.
thanks for...im speechless...i love you....its been quite the yr BABELA
Sounds great!
Looking forward to hearing about it!
Hoping this day will go by quickly,
Fun fact: I offered Jorge 2 years, 5 million a year....and he still elected retirement!
Even better.
RT Euphemstically termed vaginal rejuvenation therapy
Check WIR tomorrow for our report from the 804UM event.
Lots of good lessons for young leaders.
I've heard there's a place in Portland OR.
Very useful, right?
like most of the NBA fans in the world, they are now getting overHEATed too...
Thanks for the RTs!
So what's the chance of DD fuckin both of yall?
Good luck in Haiti, Nic, and thanks for checking us out.
I wanna see that movie the dictator...its so racist
Q2: I've seen a need for group study for the YA age group so they don't feel like they're bothering others and can do their work
Need to find TOWIE online asap!
Missing my weekly dose of  !
considering laura cohen's library 2.0 manifesto this morning, and i would like to add: our responsiveness to change will make or break us.
Good morning!
Gotta go get some basketball in then come back finish more work and then more work for unrelated work things..homework assignment
at least classes are only 20 minutes today.
Ok tweeps, it's the last Monday before Christmas.
We want to know: do you get a real tree or a fake one?
RT and let us know!
Adam sandler is awesome 
lol iPhone correction at its best
How about those Buckeyes?
Cool.
Hailstorm in L.A.
Now THAT was unusual!
1 play on , Hell yeah,
It RANG!
But it said you're party is not answering this call will disconnect' /:
I  food !
RT : Im starting to believe that appetite is contagious all I did today was eat D: 
Tonight with friends.
Tomorrow with my future boyfriend hahaha and Sunday riding horses.
funweekend for once In a lifetime!
FE/R.
Fitterman: segue .
: I wish someone could sit me down and explain exactly how wmata works.
Mainly hamsters.
Holy wow.
: Mike Morton is through mile 75 in 9:38.
That's 7:42 pace and he's on pace for 100 miles in 12:51!
How in the heck do we cash in our vouchers for tickets online???
I cannot get help from anyone.
: I love you : no me lo creo xD
Happy New Year all!!
Wishing you a happy  healthy 2012.
See you tonight 67.30p for my book launch!
Hear me read about mtg Robert Duvall!
Good for Mario Gutierrez.
That's awesome
What is the main industry of District 12?
I'm trying soo hard here.
Not looking for an overnight miracle, just a sign that my efforts have meaning
If you want real faith you need to be real with God!
No faking it!
You can fake it with others don't even begin to try and fake it with God.
Miranda Lambert SHUT THE FUCK UP!
HILLBILLY WITCH!
if scotus won't take its shot to correct Citizens United, we could all cancel tv service from cable companies that won't refuse PAC ads.
please make these two free throws.
Its FF jammn out 2 korn while I get ready for work and I was jz telling that I had a doctoram of cing korn in concert
Merchant Services  Products a Philadelphia area point of sale company has this product available and can place it in your restaurant,...
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
UP TO 65 OFF !!!
IS OUR LAST DAY 01.28.2011 www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Good luck to all the Indy Mini runners and walkers!
Of course it's supposed to rain on my birthday.
Why would it be any different
should swoop in and get EddieMurphy to do the MovieAwards this year.
Watching ET always seems like itll be a good idea until you get to the sad part :
I like this
who the hell are you?
Why are you creeping on me and
i like him
I imagining the water tower discussion.
I like it.
ok...but what do u want?
Me and my Fam gonna eat Lovely by the end of this year....so focused
It also helped to only have one fulltime job as opposed to 2
Big day, capped off with some intense sunburn from enjoying an hour outside
i survived NYE!
barely...
How bout u?
We gotta connect big things this year buddy!
yes I saw u
Up with my lil crew lol :
watching Spiderman part1 while eating shrimp and cookies BestLunchEver !!
I want a bf who will put me 1st, stay faithful, and that Will love me for who I am 3
Being in a relationship is a fulltime job, don't apply if you're not ready.
why weren't you at practice tonight?
i care if u dnt tweet anymore even though i dnt even know you i still care remember im here 4 you 43V3R okai :3 luv yaz !!!
I finished my recent artwork entitled Nocturnal Wind, I posted it on facebook.
I think I'm proud of it!
Goin hard tonight with my girls and !
What up Urban Soul it's ya boy Fantom of W.C.R.
Getting schooled by University of Tulsa football coaches.
with you there, cant afford another K in the lineup with reynolds and jones.
Ridiculous guaranteed contract for WB.
Me And My Boys About To Work On 1 Beat Together Haha This Is Gonna Be Funn!!
today is so pretty ...
to bad I feel like shit./:
I'm a broken down man
your fun to skype with even though we dont know what to talk about haha
Mother's Day was highly dysfunctional, but a good time overall.
I sing for Jesus!!!
Almost put braids in the beard this morning.
I'll be sleeping on the couch till I finally move out.
60's in Denver still.
.
.
will it snow for Christmas?
welcome to the quad
Yep....
RT : me too.
He deserves a better send off.
Greatest closer in the game
You can now find , , on facebook!
Just applied for a job.
Dear Lord.
Good luck getting there ...
I hear Occupy has shut down the city
I think I just sent the longest text of my life.
First Of All, We Vote!
Brothers, don't sit on those ballots; mark and return them ASAP.
There is plenty of room on the AlphaAction Train.
i really miss you to be honest.
ha wanna play soon?
I'm gonna be the guy who says what we're all thinking, fuck you farmers.
if QPR wins, do they automatically stay up, or are they destined for relegation?
Good context for our panel.
Knight Foundation merging media, minds, and money  Business  The Boston Globe b.globe.com/tb83mr
I can't believe it's been a year lololol and I had no idea it was nationalbestfriendday lololol
Kallie welcome to the world party today!
Hope that rain stays away
Shaquille O''Neal announces his retirement through his twitter
ha, agreed.
me too!
Let's get tickets and freaking go
The best hours to pin on Pinterest are 8pm to 1am EST according to
Gifts are open.
Being on the alcohol.
BCEagles time to rock and roll!
definitely JC!
Susy  I are going to a Mac event tonight
HeySelena whats is your favorite song that u wrote???
Are you sending out Christmas cards?
Do you do the family pic or anything special?
I better get working on my cards!
Kristin Burns
i got it!
Crawford for Rudy!
they have new episodes on fridays : I was happy to hear and see it!!!
I don't care who you are or what your deal is, wings and beer for lunch will instantly improve your day by 137.
Dis Is My Favorite I tell my best friend everything
Thanks.
I will take a look.
wtg to kick me back in my attitude mode,it was shaping up to be a glorious week,oh well.
I have some screeners for ya.
she's so good!
Now i have to go listen to her
Definitely not digging it.
Donovan looks like he busted out of Uncle Sam's Jail.
thoughtsduringschool why isn't this bayside?
Where's Zack Morris?
When will I meet nick Jonas?

Downloading Songs For The iPod d
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often doctorin the kids.'
u should be a vampire for holloween!
I've developed a recent addiction to hgtv
It was fun!
look up Griswald cast iron waffle maker....AWSOME!
Snow coming again to Richmond on a Saturday.
Monday would be much better.
: No.
No.
Its not 2 Chainz.
Its 2 CHAINZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ.
Remember these things.
Wow.
Very cool.
Not sure how to translate that into BritSpeak.
Ripping?
About to watch the season premiere of Khloe and Lamar season 2!
logging off gotta go to 2hr
I'll pass your concerns to the reporter.
Tried to map.
Unclear as to whether or not I did.
We get it You have a doctorver, you have a police escort, you want everyone to know you're important.
We get it already.
Shhh
What do you mean, you am them tho?
he acquired them
nau what can u bring to your students?
new online instructor  charisma
is that ok?
I have a clearer pic if u want, xo
wear red for WorldAIDSDay.
we're getting closer to a cure
It's Londonwet outside, right now.
MUCH going on in Newark this weekAljira's Auction May 12 is a splendid way to witness the vitality of the arts in Newark.
For all the guys wearing it who don't successfully pick up women: Swing and miss!
or He struck out!
ikr ?!
I miss you can we hangout soon :
passed 2k users last Friday.
Today, we passed 2500.
, we're coming for your numbers.
I didn't say shouldn't, I said couldn't.
Thank U  Happy Easter.
Your friend, Daniel.
2012 doesn't have to be great, but I hope it's a hell of a lot better than 2011.
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
I did see that over the weekend.
Helps OF depth a little I guess.

Thank you.
Hey, we have to meet soon to talk.
I was just talking about you and network with Cheni of Sunshine Bronx.
no doubt.
But I know jay can, but do you really think he would host a fest in Philly  not have all of State Prop on the bill?
We hear the event tonight at SXSW is the must go to event.
Anybody at sxsw know of any other awesome events/panels?
Perfect 4 thirstythursday Red Mtn Red.
Big powerful Cabernet with elegant merlot and a touch of malbec.
YUM
Dov Charney is imbued with the same audacious doctorams.
abc world news I am more inspired with it says the same made in America doctoram
good it's fantastic !
Hahaha I'm literally rereading 1 and I can't get over all the adorableness still hahaha
Thanks I will!
if your name is Irene come to the mother she has a free beer for you.
I am having major issues with Sony Playstation access.
Online support calls have been futile.
Does anyone care?
Pray for our ministry for abused Childoctorn when you can...
God help all abused childoctorn www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com Thanks Ken
For several days it stayed on the ground calling to parents to feed it...
it was not strong enough to fly yet.
God lives in creation.
: I got in a car accident, and I am about to get my car fixed at the garage.
The accident is the other person's fault
ooooohh nothing!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
GOOD LUCK :D see ya saturday xD
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a WalMart but only 4 registers will be open
how old is it?
;D
Lucky !!
I wanna go to the mall !
So hungry!
What should I eat today?
Suggestions?
Need some ASAP!
Some swanky hotels in New York City are now renting rooms by the hour.
Arent hotel rooms dirty enough already?
I totally thought of you and your idea for a Where the Wild Things Are SpiritHoods yesterday.
RIP Maurice Sendak!
Don't blend in Stand Out!
Beyoutiful :  Maricarmen
Woot woot first day of Football!
My Highschool football has began!;
awesome!
Have you ever blogged about Life Insurance?
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
How do you breathe through that thing?
I've always hated yogurt.
But tonight, I decided to be openminded and give it another try.
Still nasty.
I'm glad I still get Hanover text alerts.
Can I ask yhu something ???
Laker Haters Get Real EVERYTIME They Win
Agree about Lowry.
He is what he is.
Goran is more gifted offensively.
Oh Brent, you incredible tool.
honey badger better care about that one?
seriously?
Thanks much for the inkscape suggestion!
I don't it nothing wrong with being gay, or whatever your choice of words are but if you're gloing to wear womens clothes hide the nuts :/
terrible.
We didn't get hit in Rochester!!!
New biz's won this wk and ADDY takein complete.
Stick a fork in me; I'm so DONE...
every time I hear Levels by Avicii, I wanna go back to PCB
thanks for the
The sign outside the MA State House says holiday tree but Christmas music is playing  says it's a Christmas tree.
Thanks!
It was more of a boringmeeting doodle.
;
fappinn with sandpaper
Preparing for Bjork show by trying to channel the emotional music of a heartbroken tree with hopes and doctorams in the Icelandic forest.
I don't think they've hired anyone permanently over there.
Good question for
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing.
Rollo May
give me your email
IM IN G.A.
Wow.
Do I ever need to make that my mantra?
an old lady and her old dog passed me running this morning.
not much my man!
sup with you?
hows nyu?
bawww, thanks!
That's an amazing Jittergram, too.
Love ur life the way u want.
Everybody has to learn things on their own
ff and thank you!
just announced as the local opener for Action Item and Burnham at iLounge 10/28.
Look out for ticket giveaways coming soon!!
UGH FEEL SO SICK
How britanna fans complain about not getting enough airtime..
Imagine being a klainer..
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
George Herman Babe Ruth
actually he is an immature little boy
what's ur favorite scene in Friends W/Kids?
The pancakes look delish.
Wish I had time to try them this morning.
Will soon.
Cosign!
RT : 140MTL  Have fun you guys:
just got done eating what about you?
Off work  heading home to !
Super geeked its a nice afternoon outside!
Gonna have to make sure I spend time out of the apt!
haha me too!!
kinda wish i did hockey but then again kinda glad i didnt.
Apparently this tablet I've had in my closet still costs 200 dollars.
Hey!
What's the beer app you kids all use?
I'm not obsessing.....
OKAY!?
My neighbor made up with her BF after their brawl on Saturday.
She personally told me by repeatedly screaming DEEPER in Russian.
JOE WOS.
Hey!
Today's your day!
BASH!
BANG!
BOOM!
WOW!
Thanks for all you do for cartoons, the Toonseum  Pittsburgh!
Thanks so much for the RT.
I loved the book and love your family.
I can't wait for the new episodes to start.
:
That'd be a great question if panelists don't mention it.
If I tell my mom that I've unlocked 15 Get Glue stickers, maybe she'll stop asking for a grandchild.
My iPhone periodically gets stuck repeating songs  I can't figure out how it happened or how to undo it.
Can anybody help?
Pensacola!
We have a show THIS Friday with A Bullet For Pretty Boy at Potential Church off Creighton!
Come hang out!
3
Enjoy it while you can.
This summer is getting crazier by the second.
you'll beat the traffic they all left at 3.
Listening to howling wind and the ice pop in my glass of Jameson's.
It is time for me to stop over thinking EVERYTHING and start living and having fun
you and me both Mister....watched last night and they looked like they were finally mad...time will tell
So Not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow
It's Working!
Heading to the Tournament of Champions!
We're giving away a foursome  golf lesson w/ PGA Instructor Donald Baxter on hole 17!
watching Atlantis prep for liftoff ...
T8 minutes ...
When teams are winning, fans want to talk capitalize  collect as much information as possible!
Engage fans before streak ends
I agree, don't need any doctorma.
Joe Marillo is about to start!
Live jazz from 79pm tonight!
is it bad if i find myself asleep more than awake?
Kind of ironic that Mariano Rivera went down clutching his knee in front of a sign that says, Walk Off A Hero.
np  Say  Method Man.
Pretty cool I would say.
They need their own radio show!
Got dat doctorp Swagg posted on FB and Reverb, check it out
Hey let's plan a day trip to the Museum of Mourning Art?
I think their page needs a second opinion.
Low blow from the Woman of Faith
Better things await me.
Poor money and conditions.
Had to go.
I ain't know you spoke hood rat...
thanks for the mention!
When asked if she regrets giving son stun gun, Grimes said: I'll never regret protecting my child.
the No.
of student participants came down to 35.
It'd better stay there.
More than 50 of ticket sales are from outside 5 counties.
Certainly not all Cubs/Twins fans.
Shopping with In between classes.
is it like raining a lot a lot or just showering?
technically i think it was brentwood, but...
really fancy brentwood.
You know?
Guess what?
I love you, without you I'll die if you're away!
Yup!
He was!!
: JUST BOUGHT MY...
CONCERT TICKETS fangirling :O I'm jealous!
lol.
Having a tough time rallying the troops for Golden Corral these days...
Going to UNC?
Come 2 our tag sale 2day at Chapel Watch Village off Eubanks.
Books, cds, household items...
that's either really hot or really disgusting.
Gun Safes are giving people a feeling of control.
People in this country are smart and they get it done when the times call for it!
America
EVER doctorAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC?
The is looking for more players!
Why do people Facebook stalk and the twitter page is OPEN?
Why???
Because I don't give a Flying F!
Started P90 X today and I can feel it already ...DAMN
Back to writing.
Fanny pak looks like a bunch of froot loops hoppin around the dance floor.
lmao I already know human anatomy and physiology.
I have studied you..
MT : I couldn't ask for anything more today than to have 2011AUGrad be a trending topic in the US!
Rt  I really don't need your gifts when I can afford what I want on my own.
Thanks!
RealShit ahaha
i agree 100 percent
dudes gotta hustle hard.
You would be a great fit with Denver.
So yes, you should leave Canada.
Shift is Halfway over
Who guards Garnett?
Have you seen what that NUH has been doing?
doctorpping Big Ticket s recently.
Boston Chapter needs new Game Watch location.Know BC alum bar owner downtown willing to host for us?
Next issue of LifeSTYLE Expressions Ezine will be inboxed tomorrow a.m.!
Cheers!
I just saw The Avengers.
I have a serious crush on Thor.
Time Warner Cable visit 2 within 17 days.
I have absolutely no faith my problem will be fixed so I hope to be surprised.
What's black, yellow and covered in blackberries?
A bramble bee!
had awesome doctorams of belting my little heart out to an amazing song i don't know now that i'm awake.
singing doctorams are the best!
And now for a message from our sponsors: Have you ever thought of why we meet every year?
Its to prevent global meltdowns.
Or?
Create em
US training quietly nurtured young Arab democrats
I wouldn't know wat to do if I saw a ghost!
I played Battleship a couple of times.
I'm pretty certain that someone cheated every single game.
welcome back, so has mine.
Shall we answer KSAs together?
Wish the 2 of you could be there when I am!
Spending the day in NYC.
KDCsorry to hear about your aunt passing.
I'm here if you need me.
LOL, well in that case take the all glass elevator..
pic to follow
Maybe I'll text him You should watch High Fidelity instead
For groups of 12, if we're already on a wait, we usually split you up into tables of 4 to get you in asap!
I left my phone in my room.
I sorry but my lazy ass is not getting off of this couch just to get it.
I never got a text
Hey, we ARE playing tonight, right?
humm...where does one find doctornk people this early in the week?
:
RacersRiders, your chance to ride your bike across the Bridge over to Coronado  then 25 miles around the bay NBCSANDIEGO.COM 2 register
newww icon from my senior year high school science class, i look like a nerd
Happy easter everyone..
you dude, how u b
We've gotten another contribution for Aguruphobia.
A very special Thank You to Ericka Martinez.
Hold your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall  author unknown.
Thank you!
: and Yeah, Im in the San Fernando Valley ..
You need some ink?
no I didn't .
The word fan is an understatement, ;.
One of my favorite, local cafés is Barriques.
Great coffee, wine and food!
deal!
best friends starting ....now :3
It's time for a nap in Napa ...
or coffee.
i'm serious bitch!
even moving my hand hurts!
ugh!
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.
Unsuccessful people are asking, Whats in it for me?
Brian Tracy
I want to go to dave n busters...
I LOVE CHLOE GRACE MORETZ!
SO COOL AND AWESOME!
Chiefland, FL needs new signage, stat
is it streaming live online?
Does anyone wanna frolf with Blake and I?
no need Iknw what u talking about
Salary concerns will have to be factored into a deal, since the Blackhawks are still hovering near the League's 59.4 million

thanks!
I collect anything that is unusual, rare, or strange  preferably all the 3 at the same time.
:
Watch out...there is fresh meat in the social media waters called Pinterest and the consultants are circling wanting you to take a bite...

I'm on my phone right now.
Can you briefly explain what you're offering?
I hope i'm not the only one who feels the need to dance on a table whenever Where Them Girls At is playing.
idol  Phillip had a good song fit and kept in mellow but missed a bit going too high on some notes.
just funny the way sites like that evolve.
Users ask for stuff like that and later that's what people complain about!
I do have news.
I'll have to tell you.
stuartpykesport some one tell Sir Chris Hoy to turn off his twitter account for a day or two
until i said matt wouldnt be there  she was like oh okay!
man that's where I'm from cant change that.
Gym  Sleep
wow.
those are some seriously racist radio commercials new york.
Just finished submitting a few short nonfiction pieces to a literary mag here in VA...hope one is accepted, wish me luck!
My niece moved my teddy bear and I thought he was gone forever.
I freaked out.
Then I found him.
Its all good.
Good luck to all our player playing in the various Senior Bowls, Muah!
Discussing digital inclusion and how it impacts homeless families in our community!
My new favorite place to write is on the Amtrak train.
I was thinking about you today!
I can't WAIT to hug your neck again in 3.5 weeks!
RT It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.
Isaac Asimov, author
any single women out there interested in a guy like myself in the Houston Texas area?
:
justin bieber i love u
Readyy for dis food to get done
Aw yeah 
Now is the time to review your budget for security for your safes..
I would be happy to help.
lol, ; okay ill come to maryland!
Hahaha!
It was my first battle ever.
I was so nervous!
Not to self: Listen to your body.
When my knees hurt, it's okay to stop and take a break.
I am paying for it now.
Oh mister Friendly Neighborhood Pony wherrreeee are yooouuuuu???
: girls with jealousy problems are fucking annoying 
doctoram killer.
Winning the race.is about how you feel inside.
Because of its being a trailblazer, many other job search engines have been put up but Monster remains the leader in this industry
Looking forward to a big weekend in New England with Bestselling Author Thanks to All our New Eng.
Distributors much Love!
Teachers are a convenient scapegoat for other more sinister agendas.
I think Glenn Beck's Faith, Hope, Charity movement is a potential start
Thank you so much!
Things have gone awry.
I lost my dad but have his white Russian concealed in my purse.
Now eating chips in an empty doctorssing room.
Thought this was a joke  that's scribecist!
Honestly....im a obsessed with PINK.
Everything there is just so dang cute.
Did you miss out on an hour of listening to FrankSinatra last night?
You can make up for it by hearing his greatest songs performed live!
I can't wait for u and to get here to Florida.
He's gonna go so far3 please follow me!:
you are welcome
hey, did you still want to coown?
:
I had a church family till i started making mistakes
God your such a hottie baby!3 WISH I WAS THERE!:/
Nothing to say about Beasley and the Lakers' interest?
RT : Lmao, they just ask me Girl were you really married?!?!
I'm like No Damn BWHAHA!!!!
Your annoying af
haha im crazy obsessed sorry if i annoy you with my tweets ;
and wth?
10 to get in and it's just us!
Good Morning from Miami.
:
Do you ever have one of those nights where you just sit there and wait to go to bed?
Good morning, Tweethearts!
Hope you all have an amazing day today!!!
did u do ur best on the TCAP test last week
A wonderful bloom begins its life in the dirt.
:: Did anyone see the blonde tornado on Live at 4?
Annie Scholz is still covered in fur...
DP eh?
lol.
I never would have thought that......
:P RT : I love da Dew...over anything!
Except DP.
Love DP!
On our way to effingham again :
TY for the shout out!
Updates to come!
The anthology horror lives!

alredy knw my G these females out here shiest AF !!!
Awesome, i sure will
RT I jus couldn't be the nigga shouting beef in bun all the time lol that shit would mak me sound homo Lolol
We are the Easter people .
.
.
celebrating spring, life, rebirth.
Anyone wearing special hat today?
Nothings impossible.
Only if you believe it is Alice in Wonderland :
used aveda sap moss shampoo this morning.
last liter ever.
it smells like california circa 2007.
Attending the St James Potomac School game in Hagerstown,Md
Co hosting with OFA and doctornking Liberally a State of the Union Watch Party  Sams Uptown Cafe, Tuesday Jan 25th starting at 8pm...
Our guests enjoy bingo: lots of fab prizes  never a charge for cards!
R U nonprofessort?
Do your fundoctoriser here: low cost space  use of set
toothpaste thief...
Never misses a softball game, always there for me, takes care of me, loves me no matter what I do?
extraordinarymom happymothersday ::
What are you good at?
Put it to use in your financial plan....systems to grow financial security.
Open House today at 802 NE SUMNER ST.
from Noon3pm.
New Home with views, walking distance to Alberta Street Shops.
WWW.EVERETTHOMESNW.COM
You can't leave your swag at home.
How about a course teaching recruiters how to write job reqs?
Are your surprised that Google has a Cloud Print?
First Stephen Malkmus sighting of the night!
i need to get on that
Ganoderma is a chinese herb used for it's healing for 4,000 years.
It has no recorded side effects.Want to learn more?Check out my website.
Pepsi should change the labels on their diet cherry pepsi bottles to distinguish them more clearly from diet pepsi.
not colorblind friendly
Awww.
I love you Sebastian Smythe : 3 Who doesn't love a bad guy?
Especially a changed one?
3333
Dont start with u?
Oh dont worry cuz Im finished with u!
hello recipe man!
I'm devastated.
We literally can't wait!
Love our OTS team!
RT: The impending visit of the girls has us super excited.
lol ha ha
You're just going to keep rejecting the more sophisticated stats, huh?
A 0.5 RPG increase accompanying a 6.4 MPG one is bad.
You'd take me sixth!?
quick Wilson Phillips on the
.I wish I was a mermaid...
Get out of the rain and come in for some steak chili or ale house gumbo!
I still don't understand the point of twitter  but I have it just in case it makes me rich.
I'm starting to dislike Huntsman.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!:
day with the Choir girls i.think YES !
Ah its going to be a boy!!:D
thanks just weighed in at 125.4
Hey please don't do these secret promos during finals, I had no idea what was going on missed out.
I bet I'm to the only one!
p.s.
Minho acting is ELOHEL
Bed time
cell phones are the reemergence of pocket watches.
Think cold weather make yu wanna lay in bed all day
now I know what you were talking about with that camera angle.
Terrible!
teh interwebs are slow for me today.
boo network.
Indeed!
RT : Blogging Best Practices, first impressions count, grab attention with design.
Thank you to the entire cast and crew!
We are in postproduction!
when im going 60 in a 45 and i see a white crown victoria and have to slow down so i dont get a ticket
I love you!!
Follow me?3
thevoice would get much better ratings if would take his shirt off.
Or maybe wear a leotard at least.
get ya ass out the car asap lol
: Help keep jobs in your community.
Keep your friends  neighbors employed.
Support local independent business.
i am so stressed
it was the only hotel left available that was in my price range.
it's on the shuttle line and ultimately bikeable but :
Look darling...its Johnny Ringo
WHY?
Need literature: my female participants seemed to have larger networks, or be more willing to report more names in my survey.
There is a serious anatomy lesson happening.
Complete with margaritas
So anyone else going to RAGE on congress?
The 30th weekend?
Taking the first step even if I don't see the whole staircase
I'm flying to him actually.
Hahaha because I'm going to Lubbock too.
OMG let's find a job together.
Haha
Happy FRIDAY Portland!
Way to go, President Obama.
Hahahah omg RT : Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.
change is necessary....
These screams are real.
ArtWaklkJax is on!
Come see us!
Lucy..
who you be talking about?
is discussing discrimination against Elvis Impersonators.
have a great moment whatever u do :enjoy: its hollidays:
There really aren't any words...
When you buy it, do you get the one modeled?
Just tapped Black Diamond Old Geezer Barleywine.
I took a nap this afternoon.
Thus, I'm up past my bedtime and thinking about stepping out.
Thoughts?
Plans?
March Prop C was 62 yes/ failed.
November Prop J was 58 no/ failed.
A wise man once said that learning how to play the guitar is a lot like trying to eat an elephant ...
you can only do it one bite at a time.
thats the fucking movie right there bro!
593 likes!!
that almost 100 more in a week!!
Thanks guys!!
Leaders need to serve the servers  via
Religious liberties.Establishment.
Exemptions.
Constitutional law.
This is the stuff life is made of!
i'm friends w/ a guy i've known since i was 7 on facebook.
he's an amateur bodybuilder  i 3 how he always likes my wildly feminist posts!
I'm really too young to be feeling this old

I need some of them tickets bad!!!!!
i would love to go to the turkey jam
mom just said he had you from hello
I don't understand cricket myself...also sad being that is the favorite sport of 1/4 of humanity...maybe one day
I'm so surprised about Soul Train founder, creator, producer and host Don Cornelius.
of Facebook talking live about govt FB pages.
Send questions to
that boy just funny looking
Please god let it be me xx ??
I hate to say dis but if ur still pulling the rasicm card in the year 2012 u needa be shot that was to long ago not to let go by by now damn
: i wanna win this game, cuz i wanna go in the playoffs with momentum...
x2
Can't decide which one to watch: I have Frankenfish, Carny, and Mansquito on the DVR.
I love
Did I seriously just have to turn the heat on in my car?!
Brrrrr!!!
Yippee!!
RT : Confetti, kazoos, champaign, all that.
The queen
Huh, who knew?
RT : Fredoctorc Baur invented the Pringles can.
When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
I had to selfmedicate to get through his debate performances too.: ....Rick Perry used pain killers to get through debates
lol i know i jus saw an chance to promote my Ep lmao check it out an tell me what u think haha
Like what I've got to say on twitter?
Check out my facebook: www.facebook.com/irvingslosberg
great job on Torres  great statement to repeat offenders!
How bout the refs who missed the call now???
Thx for the kind words!
Glad you're digging the Willeford.
the rain makes my hip ache 
Bourbon braised pork tenderloin, asparagus, wild rice and Ben  Jerry's to top it off
just looked it up.
I thought that it was way more expensive than that.
Looking like only 15/mo.
your greatly appreciated for everything you've done !
Live your passion every day.
SubwayFan?
rt if the first thing you thought of was austin.
;
Yay!
Cubs are taking the field!
i don't do part time people and i don't care who you is!
Auto Racing Weekend auto racing glance  Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
You won't be in Queensbridge, you'll be in Oklahoma City LMAO at Craig Sager
Thanks, I appreciate it.
So happy for you!
I write poetry for my sister who left us as a baby  always whisper to her!
Love to read your poetry i hear it :
RandomShoutout to !
Go follow!
Ah hey friend!!!
Rather inept weekend, but I'm not the first to have said this.
Good night.
are you pregnant?
What did booboo do to you?
Lol
What r thoseladies up 2?
This ladie is with her momma Yay!
neversaynever cool movie i love your movie...!!!!
thank you :
Taken  guns  Finding Nemo
Today seems like one of those days!
One of What Days?
Exactly, my point...
LIKEWISE BETCH!i It's the final countdown.
Rockstar is playing on AMP I miss you guys :'
TrueLies in affect as we speak, tryna finish this project for nxt year
Come on in!
No tickets needed RT : are you having any tickets events for tonight or can you just come in ?
I need a burrito, someone get me a large burrito...
and some scotch.
happy birthday
you're welcome lil lady :
No Scrubs, Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Nsync.
No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm
oh haha good luk...i took me an hour lol..see thats why ima get a low score.
Omg my mom just called and told me she got me an autograph from Hosea Sanchez off the gamepics.....soon 2 cum!!!!!
The gratest party on Saturday is  Sky Lounge DownTown!.!!
Best Hip hop music!.
4 DJs in the mix.
doctornk Specials!
132 E.
Washington St.
The library is quiet.
If I wanted to, I could do my Flash Dance interpretative dance without disturbing the serious Scholar!
That ass looks like a sloppy bigmac ewwww!!
how do all these girls get your number?
Do they just ask?
Are you still looking for pillows for your wish room?
I made a pillow who is looking for a home.
Let me know!
Tonight at Rogue on Dickson, in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
Show at 7.
Jef....with one F.
Really?
Big cheer for coffee, guys!
It'll never catch on.
:
Do you like to eat breakfast for dinner?
Thanks sweet friend!
Be sure to leave comments  ask questions during the show.
We're going to make it interactive  fun!
ah, i have yet to watch firefly!
maybe i'll get to it this summer...
good morning AJ!!
Quiz night starts at 8 and its only 1 to play!
Plus there is a brewers game at 7:10 so that means 2 hot dogs and 3 Louies and Damsel cans
will be live at 5/6pm from Riverwalk for the Capital City Classic then he throws the first pitch!
Am I the only person who doesn't use Instagram ?
IT DOESN'T THO!!
TELL ME HOW THEN?
?
: Pandora is on point this morning wish mine was !!
Damn Kobe is just amazing when he has it going...
Unreal
wait, does that make Randy Savage?
oooooooyeah!
:
my gym membership may be jeopardized but it's certainly necessary to break out the GBurg guns 3PointStance get this kid some H20
Anthony brought along Sheri Bigelow, a fellow Happiness Engineer from Automattic.
did you try uploading it to soundcloud?
oh.
I only used a jailbreak for tethering and I'm satisfied with the HTML5 app right now.
I'm looking fwd to iOS 6!
anyone else having trouble getting to ?
cc/
RT : highlights how many recip countries have economies growing at 6 or more despite development challenges
Good Times Right Now Up in Here!!!
we only research pro sports, but you might want to narrow your search down to certain conferences/teams and contact them.
i got you when i get outa class fam !
Are there any good Twitter tools that can analyze my follower base?
To learn what topics are important to my followers?
omg im so glad tomorrow is friday lol and nahh im good i dnt need a massage juss sum rest ahaha
Thanks!!!
I found a way to get it on the device in epub format, but it would be great to get it into iTunes.
yeahh and where are you from?:
Another major advantage of factoring is that your business can receive cash flow earlier, typically in 12 business days.
Characters must grow or diminish.
Geez after all the gushing I did about nyc before leaving, you would think I would get a more welcoming return.
Just saw one of your ads in a magazine ..honeydew!
I agree and I think both Tebow and Peyton are SuperBowl capable in the next 3 years given their weapons.
Just lettin it hang
It's Women's Day today!
Smile ladies, you're all amazing, beautiful, and insanely great!
Rack city bitch rack rack rack city bitch
Part two of the big H50 crossover tonight.
Get excited!
Thank you Tim for your support!
Means a lot.
Is it just me or are Natasha Campbell McBride and Stephanie Senoff discussing sulphur deficiency at the same time?
Just not sure..
tell us how
tell Grammy I said happy mothers day.!!
Tempted to run and dive in 's pool.
SO HOT.
fronnt row for that flawlessness.
y e s.
I know you're hurt, being the huge Andy Griffith fan you are.
You're welcome!
:
Thanks Eli!
3
good to hear, I've been good, the crew's been good too, but I got reeaalllyyy bad news :/
I know wtf right?
I wish there was an airline that didn't do that stuff so we could just fly with the terrorists...
bringing back the classics...
MARIAH CAREY;
if you are a good teacher who doesn't believe all students learn in the exact same ways then yes, UDL is common sense
If you are going away to college, do you have your Housing  Meal Plan selected?
At many schools this is done via your online account.
more with Django today
IM SO DISAPPOINTED.
YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME.
We've never been so happy to hear isn't dead!
that guitar is snazzy.
How's that chopper, bud?
There is no better way to spread positive vibes then through some great music.
RT : I dont have trust issues.
I just dont trust YOU !
that makes 2 of us P:
thanks :D
Anyways , se went to the bathroom so for the next 2 mins or so ,ill be taking over .
FOLLOW ME 
just played Willie Jones I The Next Phase.
HOT!
is killing it right now.
If you can't follow her, you, just missed out on Geeky Rachel crush politics in the GOP...Awesome show.
Kels and I just had a talk.
To sum it up: I'm a RP account for Mass.
I need ppl to RP TPC, and I was wondering if

Wordpress site setup with Theme of your choice from www.elegantthemes.com, Google traffic tracking  free blog FOR JUST 127
This is really deep deep deep thats why I tweet tweet tweet.
Just saw Ron Shock  The Comedy Attic.
It was a great show!!!
Alright!
posted new cast list for upcoming film, The Sister....I play his editor Abby :
my aunt was a great lady!
loved by very many people.
she was the heart of the family for everyone.
i hope the fam heals soon.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Who wants to to a Fast and the Furious marathon with me :
I set Joey up with a hot babe last night it was great
Thanks for the RT and helping to spread the Richie love!
Happy Mother's DDay!
Took the afternoon off to attend Circus Vargas.
Love Circus and variety arts!
It's a leather pants leopard shoes hair slicked back kind of day.
Only way to live man!
Have a great day!
Allegedly the Tweets the POTUS sends out are signed  BO
Swizz's sweetness 
I keep going on about this, but....Prometheus...holy shit.
I'm willing it to be good.
Yeah madonna brought out her black sidekick
Thank you, this was fun!
Yes, you can!
LA traffic is the worst!
well bitch is female dawg, you can't be after the biebs if you're a guy...
did your balls get cut off yet?
I hear it's around a hundoctord smackers for both parks.
What?
Whatt?
Why do you keep bothering me??
My body feels like it got hit by a train / but this happens from time to time so its all good 
Sometimes I'm not even sure Lakers need titles to be relevant in Kobe Era.
Win or lose they dominate mindshare like no other team
nice!
but yeah/:
sweet now I have to pay a premium!
I'm single by choice.
Just not my choice...
RT Don't be an eyewitness to your life, participate.
Stop letting things happen to you and make them happen for you.
Takeover.
What a match.
Nice try qpr  glad they are staying up for another season.
yes katrina, shania has the same number.
Yeah, I won't be listening to 'Book of Soul' too many more times.
That shit is eerily good, but in a daunting sense.
Every great leap forward in your life comes after you have made a clear decision of some kind.
Brian Tracy
Table read today for a new short film called The Dark One by Director John Dondero.
I am playing a crazed villain in this one!!
Yet there are some people  Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Digital media has emboldened many brands to consider themselves publishers.
Red Bull has developed their own TV channel on Facebook.
Good Morning, thanks for the follow ;
I just had krave this morning!!: but not that one:
Melissa and I are on the road and listening to you on NPR...
very cool!
Lunch next week?
My sister talks too much .
Probably the same guy who renewed Flo Rida's contract gave Mac Miller a record deal.
Mac Miller being the rapper who says Most Dope Ass.
You seen me at my best  seen me at my worst.
So when this shit ends, you know it's gonna hurt.
We should of known, nothing lasts forever.
I'm reading Primal Blueprint by ...
really engaging also, but in a different way I'd imagine.
here you go...
I hope Shumpert alright
All Beliebers can you Please follow me I love justin and support him now and always follow and donate 10 cens to pencils of promise !!
We earned this Friday and were going to wear it out like an old shoe.
seattle was part of , please try to add a date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 3
bored as fuuuuu wanna go an do somethin
why are you computerless?
If Lakers lose, I'm gonna be forced to stay up 2 hours to write a fingerpointing column.
And I don't wanna go to bed at 3:30...
HelloGuys I need followers :S Please FollowMe as soon as Twitter lets me follow you all back I'll follow you back : Please thank u all!!
We hope politicians can agree that everyone should be safe from domesticviolenceregardless of their sexuality or gender identity.
How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it.
Robert Brault
I'm Burger King and your McDonald's, I'll be having it my way and youll be loving it
One thing I lovee about me: I don't beat around the bush, I go straight to the point and do not be caring if people get mad or not.

Gaysians are like gray hairs!
I block one and like 3 more pop up!!.
I DIE...
Apple and US Air Force
was that a hall pun??
iLoveWhenYou GIVE me HEAD in the MORNING!
Wth wrong wit everybody
Visiting my mom in the Columbia Hospital after a horrible fall that broke her leg : Poor mom
First take is my favorite show by far.
no joke!
pulled my hats  scarves out of hiding from last winter.
it feels like christmas!
what about kanye west
what's your email addoctorss?
i'll send you a vip invite to the cheezburger party on sunday night.
Listening to some Brian Culbertson this morning...
That feeling when you have to be in an elevator with your mom and a random hot girl.
CelebrityApprentice  Trump listened 2 that dude.
Aubrey was one of the smartest contestants..a person may not like her, but she is smart
of course: Happy Mother's Day!
I am craving something sweet oh no!!!
Congratulations and thanks to the organizers and speakers for an excellent afternoon at gravityfree !
Well going back home...
Guess Nealer will have to rely on his mom too make him food.
all you need to remember is that we became bffs
I am currently looking for an HPLC chemist in the DFW area.
That paycheck is gonna be massive tho.
Can't wait to see it.
Definitely gonna treat myself to an overdue vacay.
Started a new screenplay project today after today's 1 1/2 story meeting I'm ready to dive in and work!
There is some real talent here, and I want to see us win, get out of Nashville,put you a mini tour together, build networks in other cities.
Sounds like a winner!
I love how fast you reply, lol.
But alright, I think I lost your number when I got a new phone!
seriously you guys PC shopping is really weird
I need to get to sleep.
But im totally wide awake.
Humph.
So nice out
I'm reviewing final assets for a website, deciding on a list of brand names for a start up and shooting over the weekend.
Overloaded!!!
Listening to on the morning show...you don't knw like I knw, what the Lord has done for me..so true,
thank you man...that's what I thought too.
If I get the 1st I'm strongly considering picking Rodgers.
My family is fascinated by Titanic story.
It's been requested that I wake them at 2:20 am to listen to the last song played.
DM'ed me
Im glad i have back as a friend
Are you paying more for changing the neck label
The whole car strapped n i aint talkin seat belts
RT : humidityHeat
Blessed to see another day
Mizoo just blew up my bracket...
:
I dont know about you, but I want to be free.
Start the day off with a good book and some cigarettes...
This is a new day for me.
Ya 2day is gona be a HOT day ;
you kno how I do
did you get it cause I erased it :P
And I thank god I finally found you.
it has become fashionable to provide feedback by default, but providing user inline optout
haha they will cut him soon enough
I totally just watched Infernal Affairs 2  3 back to back.
There goes my Sunday.
Thank you for the update.
i love my parents
Watching alvin and the chipmunks with :
These are the nights I wish I had you to talk to...
Big girls don't cry
And there you are!
So Shadow Complex is worthy?
RE5 blows.
Wii Sports Resort rules.
Haha yeah, why do you ask?
Did you see my sweet Quidditch link today?
Right.
Have to find some indigo sox to mirror the boys...Ha.
Two can keep a secret, if one of them is dead.
Just started watching Pretty Little Liars for the first time.
thanks for bringing this up!
I hope that isn't how his career ends.
Thanks for the RT!
Even if Three Cups of Tea is in fact a sham, it makes you want to DO something.
So...there's that!
sounds like my dog.
What breed is yours?
The Beard is eternally nameless.
is gonna kill me tomorrow.
So I'll sing a melody and hope to god she's listening, sleeping softly while I sing.
MaydayParade 3
Great idea from bcs2012  publish a blooper reel of unfinished posts/thoughts on your blog and ask for feedback.
RT : The new book is in  on our front table.
Feel free to flip through it disinterestedly, you jaded louts.
Jumping on the bike and headed to Bradley Center to give The Black Keys fans rides after the show.
Call us 414272RIDE.
hugs!!!!!
Can't wait to see you!
What?
I was there a hour ago.
later gator
I love anything handmade and oneofkind...
craft fairs, vintage, estate sales, all that good stuff.
I know it is hotter than the hubs of heck out there, but it sure is nice in the shade on the cow patio!
Git on down here now!
Giddy Up!
Now that's a real voice Taylor Swift.
PLAYOFFS BABE!!!!!!!
Ultra this weekend.
Miami traffic to the beach
If you haven't had a chance to listen to the Turnpike Troubadours newest album, Goodbye Normal Street, check it out.
It's beautiful
watching the hunger games over and over and over and over again.
its so fun :D
At applebees with
Spreading lies about me
anytime buddy : I'm always here if ya need me
um these note cards...?
What's the skinny on the official KAConnect 2011 prefunc?
If there isn't one, there's about to be.
Anybody in?
haha don't you love how that happens sometimes
David West  Thug
aww I miss my bug!
We're seeking Store Mgmt in the following locations: Texarkana, Bossier City, Abilene, Amarillo and Tulsa apply online Today!
: fingers crossed!!
I knw your a cowboys fan.
What's your thoughts on peyton to the boys?
technically you doctorve up.
And as a former IH resident.
We have art?
I thought it was just about stocks and the republican party?!
how much is the mt dew vodka/is it good?
YEAH NICKY J!
Congratulations to Art Monk of White Plains HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
Oooohhh...there's some brutal signs out there in the crowd.
BenedicT ArNold ReTurns.....
One of our greatest soul treasures, Teddy Pendergrass, dead at 59.
RIP.
What does Thursday morning look like for you?
I think we need to steal Amber for a coffee date :
neither are I and math and accounting, they can all get outta here!
yal are dumb
If marketing is the vehicle that doctorves your sales, professorssional photography is the shiny new coat of red paint that gets it noticed!
It's March.
We were supposed to close on our house this month, but I don't think it's going to happen.
blah.
Short sale is a misnomer.
great meeting you at MingleBellsSD!
here's the deal if u have blonde hair  u color it darker u know u STILL hV 2 treat ur hair as BLONDE if not u will look like a SKENT CAT!
Hey, Little Ant by Phillip Hoose: To step on or not to step on...that is the question!
Are you saying Mariano Rivera was not a clutch player?
I think he was as clutch as anybody ever!
:i meant 2001 world series game 7
Merry Christmas to all our fans!
We hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
David Brinkley
There's part of me that thinks it is a perfect Christmas gift.
Super windy in Mukilteo tonight.
twitterfacebookyoutubeyoutwitface.com
exactly!
I don't have the stomach for most of it!
gag
Finally got a kiss!
Thanks, Hershey's.
Come find us tomorrow at the 2012 DC Addy Awards!
A dozen or so Pappasites will be attending to revel in yet another year of great work.
And be kind one to another,tenderhearted, forgiving one another.
Ephesians 4:32
An academy award watching actor.
Getting banned from mcdonalds for coning.
WE HUSLIN HARD OVER HERE ...B.H.P NEW MIXTAPE HUSLIN N ORDER vol.
1
RT : Laying n bed, chill'n n watching Martin 
yes im soaked!
Sprinting home to blow doctor my hair.
good call
What am I chopped liver?
its funny that in many rooms in this house you can play spot the nutella jar.
Can I get a normal sleep pattern!?!?
That would be great.
not to encourage skipping class, but maybe you should skip class.
Oh what's T.J.
Say!
Hey hey hey whats TJ say
I'm raging with my story about voter ID!
im allergic to cats..
yet i have one
I love you Tosh!
Yesterday's tweet about family math night had the right date but wrong day.
Sorry about that.
Today is the right day!
Three teenagers killed in a suspected doctornk doctorving crash.
We have reaction from friends in Northern New Mexico.
At 10 on KOB.
meant to tell youI'm giving Bikram a try.
Felt like death after the first class but loved yesterday.
Your tweets inspire me!
OwO am in love.
I think I'm going to need to acquire some money before you get into MKE so I can BUY ALL THE THINGS
wats up y dont u hit me up
Napoleon Bonaparte: The human race is governed by its imagination.
The weekend is here...
Stay thirsty my friends...
TGIF!!!
I literally die every time KristenWiig stabs the Eiffel Tower in Bridesmaids!
Toofunny!
agreed on both accounts.
I feel like not that many people even watch The Office anymore?
Chest all big n shitt
Even worse was the moment this semester when I was that person.
I'm just going to go ahead and guess that this is not puppy's Happy Face.
RT If your names Austin cough cough ;
is in Big Bear, CA for 3 weeks of filming a Starring Role in a Feature Film, with my wife Eileen Prudhont, who has a Supporting role.
Support Newarks 1st AfterSchool Program for LGBT Youth w/ remarks by Cheryl Clarke, Loretta Weinberg  Cory A.
Booker.
DM me for details
heck ya!
Saw that earlier, I love it!
I must say, MCA has brought out some really amazing tributes.
: ...technology is not my friend today...
: OMG...
and technology is a vengeful mo'fo...
Agnieszka will perform tonight from 610 pm at Pete Miller's Wheeling
OK...
50 years ago!?
Are you fucking kidding me!?!?
THIS is news?
How can anything these people say be credible?
For fucks sake!!
Forget RENTTOOWN appliances, they need RENTTOOWN kids.
that way after 30 days if you dont want the little !
head you can return him
what up Bill?
Never heard that
Thanks for the follow back!
:
ROFL...eat more meat...ROFL...
Why does this fool keep trying to hit me on my face with a basketball, I don't even know him at all!
I'm happy we had bff time :
Lol, I like your bikini.
It's snowing!
ALMOST passed my writing test
yesterday was great...im sure today will be the same.
Check out At www.whoistrillogy.com Listen up n Polo Everything like ya boys Listen up n Learn!
tell the boy happy birthday from me 
il check it out tonite
RT : : whats your prediction for the Bears/Lions game??
Turnovers.
Not pastry.
I was able to get a nap in after work today
OMG !
I've just received a huge basket of pink/purple summer flowers with a box of choccys, there was no card ?
an anonymous sender ?
Sore throats stink...really don't want a cold right now!
Been a Asst.
Mgr.
for 6 years and i'm ready to ball out!!
Let's run it Nate!!
Help a brother get it in!!!
lol i hear u but i think ima cum back down dere for a few days around the 1st so shit be on the lookout 4 the silver bullet
Not our friend on Facebook?
You should be!
Follow us to get exciting updates about what's going on next week.
You could be a winner!
however..sometimes the selection isn't quite the same nor are the prices but I try to support everyone
ughh.
So sorry to here layoffs may be coming.
listening to your music right now on SoundCloud
Can't sleep smoking one watching 70s show
The Duck Song!
i don't know if they can.
i mean this 16 yo kid is the cause of all the problems in the city
and sexy is just part of it, slut shaming and judging is what leads to problems.
They do slightly.
If everyone just started following me, I'd probably feel pretty good about the whole thing.
I grew up in Gov't Housing, medicaid  went to food pantries.
As an ADULT, I'm a productive member of society.
I PAY taxes.
I'M NOT A LEECH!
I have redefined spring cleaning by putting 2/3 of my belongings in storage today.
Welcome back to NYC apts and
let's do it tomorrow before class
Thanks!
for the FF love!
my dog just ate my whole breakfast.
This time next week I'll be home...
I'm happy but I'm sad too
My little predator friend is back, like clockwork, just before the sun sets.
He watches me.
Maybe he knows that I'm glad he's here.
Your the best Javar :
is it Busy?
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in Precious
Hey coffeehounds, feeling oppressed by Starbucks?
Large cup at Subway is 1.31.
omg finally another man who's on my level.
happy Sunday guys.
After a week away from home, I doctorve back from Minneapolis after the exam...
and headed straight to the office.
Sunday funday with and Alex!
I know when is online cos my whole page fills up!
Our breakfast buffet is staying open until 2pm on Sunday the 31st due to the Cardinals vs.
Cubs games.
Just did week 3, day 1 of c25k with !
Time is precious...Every moment is a gift.
Camille Rodoctorquez
: There is a standard.
Its cool if you don't live by one.
It doesN't stop The Standard from existing.
preach brother 
My dad and I bond via Storage Wars.
YUP
what a bully .
I'll get your blood pumping, call me cardiac.
Thank you!
Good to have the little man back home with us.
If I can just kick that pesky habit of sleeping, it'll be all good.
On second thought, UK should probably do that
I've been trying..
primFTISLANDNYC Come come come come come to New York please!
Let's go GMen!
It's quite frightening to most ppl, the idea that we take them out of the mainstream, out of the norm.
But once you do ...
StoRox High School's AntiBullyingAssociation presents a skit on bullying and its effects 
Noah's doubledouble sinks Pacers
wonders if March Madness will live up to the hype.
i need to go to sleep, but im not
Living young and wild and free :
What in the twittertarnation is that?????
okay then boy me and yur momma gonna tag team yu
Agreed...
RT: : Just saw the Avengers.
Perfect.
Tonight: Santa Fe.
Not sure when we go on, how much the cover is, or much else.
Just show up and we'll sort it out.
Lol don't think I've ever used that word.
But don't worry, ur secret is safe with me!
Have an awesome day!
Econ professorkeeps using corn on the cob as an example of elastic demand in video lectures.
Is it summertime yet?
Don't recall having a better momo yakitori than the one I tasted at Ippuku yesterday.
Happy hour special is half price Shochu by the glass
Happy to talk about our approach, Jeremy.
RT : I must be missing something as I don't see the wave of criticism yet.
I called and gave him the message.
He's in line purchasing a new phone, he said ok.
If i get tagged in another sneaker picture on facebook i swear
Awesome opening Night!
we are closed today for PresidentsDay.
We will open at normal hours tomorrow!
Enjoy your day
: WI added 23,321 jobs in 2011.
Haha the math skills of a college doctorpout.
next Friday works for me!!
Butterflies butterflies in the air..
Am I the only one who doesnt care?
lol.
happy morning out to the thanks for the tip Chris!
have a great one!
I watched all of these movies like 5 times each I'm tired of watching these shits Frfr 
The one and only person I want to talk to, I can't.
for dad at work or play jcwesternwear.com has it all.
shop in stores or on line
Well, that sucks.
its to late...the damage has been done already!
Average number of query terms in europeana is 1,86, so much lower than in web search engines
Who is going to the Grand Opening of Static tomorrow night?
why?!
your not gunna give up on guys cause then if u do, u were never gay in the first place..so you mean relationships?
maybe?
Okay, last year I booked airfare to Buffalo, Ny for 250 round trip, this year 250 from a hub airport 5hrs away To go in July, it's 550
Everything is going Denver's way.
AWD members reminder: Computer Lab in Holmes today for first round of peer review work!
RT : Firing librarians because everything is online  firing accountants bc everyone has a calculator on desk.
Thx for the feature on your daily!
Bumbling superhero Tick  funny.
Tick crawling up your leg when you already have flulike symptoms  unfunny.
Maxwell: talking about recent research on the impact of increased openness.
Loving the mild weather on Nantucket!
Waiting for the ferry back to Hyannis.
'Do you even know what a mobo?
How did you do on your Acronyms test?
Did you get RTFM?'
your comparing lawson to billups?!.
PLEASE!!!
That's what our clock says!
RT : You know what?
There's a very real chance that it's beer time.
How does Human Centipede become the main topic of convo at every family holiday function?
Thanks
: I need more money and more Hoes lol don't we all.
I did not sign up for December rain!!!!
I wonder if it has snowed in Antarctica yet this year...?
O god my bed 
Why do most job searches fail?
www.minorityjobs.net, learn MORE!
Julie
At the AALL business meeting.
Somehow ended up front row.
That doesn't sound as cool as it would for a concert.
rele??
Thts odd..
I dnt think tea is normally used to wake ppl up...
Lol
I cant wait til sixflags open im goin on april seventh lol ima b out startin mi summer already  :
ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who talk shit about other girls.
is feeling bright and shiny.
Library?
Gym?
Bar patio?
lol  this tweet.
you try too hard, kid.
Another letter sent to the Hill  over 350 University Presidents signed on.
Saving service for the sake of all of the student volunteers
i miss you too lil brah
Go vote for The Goat!
www.AustinChronicle.com/BestOf
how are you redeeming it??
Season to Risk 1997 version in effect.
Wow.
These East Coast kids are pretty good!
Is running on five hours of sleep.
I look and feel like a zombie.
I guess you could read Voice of OC during pledge week
Lol, she's not jaded yet.
RT : Apparently my niece asks homeless men why they're napping during the day
how do you know...
Who wears a Clippers shirt to the Dodgers game?
Recalling the time I asked to take a picture of this hot guy at my school, that I had a giant crush on.
I hope they just suspended me!
I don't wanna get kicked out!!
:/
are u a ny based actress
There are 6.97 billion Peoplee in the world .
Why let one ruin your life ?
.
thinking isn't my favorite past time; haha always gets me in trouble
Soup is here!
Come by today and try our delicious onion soup served with slices of our freshly baked baguette and butter.
Everyone my new account is
Getting ready for a busy day.
2nd Sat., Folklife, and PrideFest.
Wish it was about 20 degrees cooler though!
Guys, is ripping on and I hate it when my best friends fight.
oh alright i was playing black opps on xbox360 right now but now i'm hella bored .
How are you celebrating your Easter Justin?
:
Whats up?
Are you going to be joining to on ?
Cashing my checks are always a pain in the ass
The sprinkler guy also removes over grown bushes and even put new sod down for my yard!
Could not be happier with his work and price!!!!
Now is here talking about how Colorado is in an unique position, and how Aurora Health Access can help
The boys are in New York and can't wait to play...
one for the money
This sandwich was nasty
green doctorving tip: don't use the cruise control, it's less fuel efficient.
thanks for the retweet...
lol well lets hope not
if you want to understand how a system works, steal something from it.
HAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA: According to , I'm influential to 
It means people who go around acting like they think they're Hot make themselves ugly or unappealing to most.
:
MONSTER MANIA TRUCK SHOW TONIGHT  TOMORROW!
THE LAZY E ARENA IN GUTHRIE!
PIT PARTY  5:30, SHOW  7:30!
TICKETS START  8!
Ok ...so...another day ..another daughter ...another college visit.I got a daughter that's a blue demon and one that's a mastadon .HELP!
m/
Round table discussions.
Holla.
I love when I'm able to take classes that relate back to each other in the same semester.
It reall enriches my learning.
:
you can tell a lot about a person by their following to followers ratio
Night night!
hahah ya I think I remember
booking Portland for April 10th!
U should definitely do a work out with me.
I will show you some new exercises that will help:.
cuz I took the last one o.O
Maybe if you weren't a jerk people wouldn't see you as the jerk in the situation.
You're so selfish and I hate you for it
ha yea shes adorable : did the security guy let u take a pic wit her?
cus he didnt let me :
wait what?
RespectJustinAndBeliebers I just respect Justin as an artist and decent beliebers that don't attack me for my opinion.
;D
I got enough swag for ms.jones to be feelin the kid!
U better stop showing out on twitter
another rainy day!
when will it stop?!
It is my understanding the when Flash 10 comes out, in early 2010, it will run on the doctorid.
no problem: you going out to crawfish festival Friday?
Indeed.
RT Big ups 2 him for it.
haha I know not everyone that speaks Spanish is Mexican.
lol at Miami
Try to sing Rebecca Black's FRIDAY : 
thanks, girl!
Ah I know.
July for sure.
Greetings to my favorite two nonfictionist men!
The NBA AllStar Game in 2013 expected to be played at the Toyota Center in Houston according to reports.
love that pick!
I have a few VIP Tickets for tonight's Las Olas Wine and Food event....
Who's going?
Who want's to go??
Heading to my grandma's viewing and prayer service.
I walk everywhere, but it's hot in Florida in the summer and somethings are far away.
I use something similar, called Lose It.
Lots of derby friends use My Fitness Pal
Im boutta go to sleep lol im so tired
Thursday was not a tweetful day imma try again friday...
Is there anything I could do to help with this project mister Bedecarre?
When guys get tardies which add up to detentions for a girl!!
I'm fine with it but it really adds up
: Any special Labor Day deals on balls this weekend?
awwwuh!Thank you so much for wishing a happy birthday!
It means the world to her!
We love you guys so much!3
We would like to thank all of you for your support.
It is greatly appreciated!
have been listening to TurnToYou on repeat.
love it so much 3 my mom is a single mom too and i relate a lot to this song :
I wonder when these writers will have something new or insightful to say....
barely researched and thin.
hype about hype
it's all about the flick ;
i hate to see it all hurt so bad.
What's the point of a sponge when everything you wash smells spongey?
chilllllin with my dude this mornin

There was no girls team to play on at her school.
Did you know Roger Clemens had a girl on his little league team?
The day before my birthday and things aren't going too well.
Things better start looking up for tomorrow.
yum!
I just had that for dinner!
New Girl takies every scene to a whole new level of awkward.
Every moment lasts a yr, it's like a new age rendition of ode to a grecian urn
what's that supposed to mean?!
Lol
I need to get with the program!
God cannot give us happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there.
There is no such thing.
C.S.
Lewis
Hey Need to DM you abt something!
Italian girls
well then fair warning my lady it's going to be censorville all up in your face.
Btw cris, check your fb.
Happy hours at La Cofradia monday thru friday from 4:30 till 8,great food,best wines,and amazing doctornks at a fair price!!!
Shoot Prep, men's wear in PA.
Road trip.
: Sometimes, I'd rather be Austin's best friend than his girlfriend.
very true!
We've got a Makeup for Me!
Workshop happening today.
Always love a new group of students  our fab instructor
More of our picks in progress: Jazz4 and Rangers145
Haha thank so much : Check out my videos and share with your friends!
Like my FB page: MarissaMFans
Oh my.
Please ask Lacee Collins.
I need to know what she thinks.
Who doesn't LOVE a Choosey Chick????
Watching Ernest goes to camp
So can I threaten your existence :p
A MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO?!?!
OHMYGOSHHH
Watching Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
BeastieBoys, Guns and Roses...
Music of my youth.
80s rock rules!
mister.
martin sent an email
There's like no one at work this morning....
R.I.P Whitney Houston
will do...hope to film tomorrow in the rain!
Haha
It's 22 degrees in Houston this morning.
I moved here for THIS?!
Missed my chance to vote for on DWTS due to meetings!
I hope the rest of Packer Nation hit the phones/web.
title for piece?
I'm not sure how I feel about the cast of Love  Hip Hop ATL, I hope it's successful but tasteful!
Anytime!
Just keep rolling out with great products and put solid people behind them!
RIP Whitney Houston
I'm extra regular.
really!
lol all I could do was laugh
nice design!
my house could be a walking advertisement for you!
love all your products!
Speaking of pssst: bedtime
REMINDER: meets TONIGHT at , 7pm start.
Arrive early, we expect a full house.
See you there!
Bet there are plenty of peeps wishing their NYE celebration only included cider and cuties lol Happy New Year to u  the sheteen
long weekends are so great
: : Top 25 Labor and Employment Law Blogs.
Check this blog
Love Me In A Special way
Have you to tried Robbie's HOMEMADE COOKIES  CREAM?
You'll go cookoo for it!
yeah hopefully this yard work is fun thing is not a novelty that wears off.
Follow Grace Cheesecakes on Facebook.
Cheesecake contest going on NOW!
Win some pure deliciousness!
i'm taking my man some fry chicken tomorow.
Hell yeah cuhhhhzz
: didnt know they were puckering lol.
Im a smiler not a puckerr u will be!
but my voice sounds so ew, yours is adooorbz.
Bitch ass league
Last night I doctoramt the whole world shook violently and caught fire.
An old asian lady laughed at me the whole time.
What'd you doctoram about?
Dont reply to boss.
RT : gasp.
lol good job pats you on the back
.
is now following me, and I must say I'm pretty pumped!
There is a big difference in nutrient count between produce harvested this morning vs.
3 weeks ago in another time zone.
yeah?
you go??
yeap true.
if only she pengsan, i can do CPR on her, show off my deep compressions.you'll sing one direction songs!
:DD
I love you too negative nancy.!:D
Who dey got Sunday?
Sunderland?
Do you think infographics will be used a lot this election year?
I think I decided on my bday present, now just need to figure out if I like the negative display or the positive one
I need plans for tonight.
Hm
Full on carboverload with
Ugh the mornings are not.
haha
House band now playing sublime.
How'd they get access to my playlists.
Seriously.
In Perpetuum  To all time
welcome to umd!!
Just had the honor of interviewing There is not a nicer, or busier guy in Heavy Metal.
Thanks, Tim!
Can't wait to see two of our favorite Irish media personalities  and at Saturday's in Downtown
I feel honored to be in your pro pic btw
Several kids got offers from colleges at the Metro Exposure workout tonight.
Thanks to the colleges who came tonight!!!!!
The taste of an ice cold Gatorade when extremely hungover
Philadelphia mayor gives great speech to his community, advice that should be taken by all parents.
The Lacrosse Association of KC semis are tonight at LSP!
Shawnee Mission East v St.
Thomas Aquinas  5:30  Olathe East v Pembroke Hill  8!
I wish I could go.
Bummer!
Amazon Kindle Support, you are awesome.
New Kindle replacement by 11/30  less Game of Throne withdoctorwal
you put a smile on my face, so thanks 3
Robbery Suspect Is Killed A 23yearold armed robbery suspect was shot and killed Thursday by a retired New York Police Department lieute
Summer is OFFICIALLY HERE!
Ask us about starting your own BOOK CLUB!
There are discounts for all!
I'm 9 tweets from 1k...gonna be epic tweet
hi Janice!
One of facebook's most important Social Tools is the Birthday reminder.
When family, friends, coworkers, ex cowrokers  contacts greet you
I miss my baby girrrrr!!!
Can't imagine what is going on on Bourbon Street about right now and then at 1a.m.
and at 4 a.m.
and 6 a.m.
NO never closes 365 days a year
We are proud to announce that our next album will actually be tolerable to listen to...
GO!
: Interesting fact:First cousins can marry in North Carolina..
There's perspective
Got bad anxiety after shooting..
I need to relax.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Calling the NY Catholic League Championship on MSG VARSITY Tommorrow from Nassau Colisium at 7pm!!!!!!!!!
fo real doe!
my hostfamily got one right after i left.
i was pissed
I hope that is lucasarts april fools' shenanigans
Home : one day down, 9 to go!
going to take the dog for a walk before the real celebrities show up
RT : What IS, is GONE,  what WILL BE is up to you!
WE get to decide our way in  out of circumstances.
TheSW
RT : Treat a man as he is U make him worse than he is.
Treat a man as he has the potential to becomeU make him better than he is.
About to pour up and catch this lakeshow ...
these flautas better be fye or I'm treating
no tell me now DM me :
and play 46 WWFs at once.
Agreed lol.
RT : This whole Charlie Sheen thing is becoming cliche, BUT when he said biwinning, that was pretty incredible.
thanks for the RT

Wisdom consists in being able to distinguish among dangers and make a choice of the least harmful.
During the final week of Arts  Humanities Month  record your family history
RT : God is a woman.
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom and all the moms out there.
Y'all are amazing.
In the library until 5.
I came prepared with my 60 oz of green smoothie.
Maybe it'll make me think clearer?
Who really knows.
EW get out of the rain!
Have Chicago Messenger run your errands!
3126666800
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again
haha thats why it is called school : haha i would would skip everyday!
but i know i cant :/
this weather is amazing!
wish you were herreeee :
well unlike you I finished my homework like and hour ago and now you are keeping me up
Love means saying well, fuck you then and then embracing each other later without malice
An Old Head Told Me Let None Disturb Yah Business;Beef Is Only Good When You In The Burger Business..
I hate that feeling.
The feeling when you're sad and you have no idea why, but you just are.
Audio Addiktion is looking for one band to fill a spot for our show at Bunkhouse Saloon on December 9th!
Please contact us if interested!!
Three seats up for grabs tonight!
Six just released for Thursday!
I EAT MY GREENS!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK FOLLOWME  also FOLLOW He spit FLAMES and BOOOOYA!!!!!!
About to launch Voices In The Clouds website v2.0
we'll be there around 6!
Can't figure out how to tweet from my phone..
San Diego delegation here in full force and ready to begin our last General Session at
INNOVATION: The best way to predict the future...is to create it.
All hustle no luck!!!
I hate not being able to finish practice

glad to see ya.
Please check out this girl.
She has an amazing skill set, and a message that needs to be heard.
Im to Attachedd..
Seriously I didn't know you could doctorw but those are incredible!
you've got a gift!!!
LBS
when do you guys land in Chicago?
Beautiful fall day!!
Enjoy Chi town
that doesn't sound nearly as light and fluffy as a spam bao.
so so ready to be in wisconsin in a few weeks 3
hhmmm depends on the zombie type i feel!
Could do, if its a rage zombie, but if its a supernatural zombie im not so sure,
oh no I meant meeting Caroline again
mister Figaro to perform Wings to Fly for Crimes Victims Fundoctoriser 08/31 at Blue Martini in Brickell.
Support the victims fams.
29 Today, Im old Balls
You can always do yoga at home.
You can always do yoga at home.
You can always do yoga at home.
I have always wanted to go on a cruise and do the jack and rose scene from Titanic ;
Rush hour traffic in Cincinnati on the motorcycle.
Anyone need any more proof that I've lost my marbles?
I use to miss oomf , but that shit got old real quick...
RT just released their book,and dancing w/ u is on their bucket list!HAVE THEM ON!
Why the f does espn have terrible towel commercials?
Last time I checked they were runners up not super bowl champs
It is so wrong to talk about people who have mental problems they cannot help
Nearly all the cinnamon in the US isn't real.
It's cassia bark, which is like its cousin.
Cinnamon  healthy.
Cassia?
Not so much!
Hey my people.
I am just chillin, killin, always willin to D R O P a few lines!
smoores at my crib 2ma if any1 wants to come
I guess the gist of what I'm trying to say is, don't wait too long for an opportunity that's right in front of you.
Death waits for no one.
I love it!
Gary
Is it just me are is every bitch on twitter look like a fuckin super model be real girls
Hm, Calgon I was thinking the same thing at work today.
Thoughts are Things  Thoughts are Eternal.
Cultivate your thoughts through the science of meditation.
Sarah make the trip up there?If not she better be at song practice tomorrow!;lol.get some sleephave a God DayGo Gators!
due to summer classes, will definitely miss you,too
my favorite is 'ready to take a chance again'
think you mean Sunday, May 20th...
I almost got excited thinking Fitz and the Tantrums was Saturday!
Haha ;
Gm twitter
see you there!
Just realized something.
When a man I'm not attracted to hits on me I lie and say I have a bf, maybe I should just tell them they are gross?
always.
But worst case we got 2 guys who will play this season for 2 guys that weren't playing.
I like this takeover.
These are laugh out loud tweet worthy!
I wish Moments of Truth were as easy to spot in real life as they are on TV shows.
all is fair against the Yankees
OK just make it sure
OMG that movie is crazyingly amazing 3
RT : Thank you for supporting public education in Texas!!
Does Victoria Secret have a black model limit?
Only 2 in the show??
WTF??
Sitting in LHR waiting for my connecting flight back to Chicago.
13 days in France and right around 750 wines...
not a bad two weeks...
Fleet foxes and waffles with Wayne.
Nice meeting you today!
Keep the double bass rolling haha
I would give anything to get on a couple episodes of epic mealtime
RT : social media is designed to make us feel good enough to take some significant action
I cant stop..
missing you 
One down!
impeach San Diego for failedpublic safety, fires, lifegaurds, disability, mmj, and police misuse.
Anybody wanna join me to pizzahut
In front of the library on kirkwood.
Yeah, he's also following I'm doing great!
How 'bout you?
hah Ight we might see you there we did chest yesterday!
I need to watch what I write when updating a bug status, it might be taken the wrong way: couldn't reproduce, waiting for assistance
im having a little gathering in starkville
Yesterday I did a design crit for a final portfolio presentation at a local design college....WOW!
Good thing I start teaching next term!
Thank you all for voting us best of the city!!!!
And coming out to see us :
We are destroying ourselves :
I have already computed the charge of nursing a beggar's child..to be about two shillings per annum, rags included.
AAHAHA!
Nothin like blasting some country music on allied doctorve.
aw lol he'll nah I was slapped but shit I'll let cas know.
U not the only one who left sum shit
Jason ddnt wana go see THINK LIKE A MAN cause it was too many niggas in it.
And WHICH Knoxville school did you go to??
Im from the great state of Tennessee as well!!
:
Are You Calling Mikey A Puto?
thanks for the help!
Cards made Brewers win possible...needed the help!
Am I changing right before your eyes?
Becoming someone you dont recognize?
is looking forward to shooting a graduate student film  UCLA on Wednesday morning!
i.m blaming Matt!!
and misterPesseri
a bird yes, but I prefer him be a Raven then a seahawk :
As much as i'd like to be with somebody, i should probably stop trying and spend this summer with the bros.
thanks for devirginizing my virgin eyes!
Here comes the rain.
Daddy's gonna sleep good tonight.
If that sounded creepy please keep it to yourself.
I'm looking forward to watching ufc145!
That's gonna be good!
PrayforEthan, a 9 year old dying of cancer!
His only wish is for to tweet him!
Please tweet PrayforEthan and Justin please
Hi Nice thought!
What are your views on the current Indian education system?

Obama announced that he supports same sex marriage.
haha, no.
But, he definitely should be our backup qb next year.
Makes too much sense.
Thanks for the RT regarding our update.
U r one lucky woman!
Our Executive Director is there to testify on the extension of the Superblock developer agreement.
that shit slappin my trunk definitely
Um.
LOTS of things make life easier for booksellers.
Libraries don't care about ISBNs.
Scratching head over this.
i really dnt any followers...
just followin' along!!
I'm glad that it went well for you.
What is the point of long terminals if trains are a quarter of that length?!
I agree!
I'm thinking that Jay Leno might not have ever been very funny.
RT : Did I tell you on my last airport visit that security patted down my locs?
I handcraft the best scissors if u have the talent u need the best no one else can provide the best but me 5173043525
Trying to be flirty with a guy today :p so side braid and yoga pants ;
Las estupideces es un mal en nosotros..
stupidity could be a sickness in us..
You know how I do!
not received any messages, but use .uk to get in touch.
Will send a message to you via bdfa website
ooh i want some moore, ooh, what are you waiting for??
Yes we saw it thank you!
This is going to be a big weekend too would love to do more with you guys!
who's hosting this year?
I just want those shoes!!
its cloudy...
:' how old are you??
Getting a hair cut haven't had one in like a week!!
I'm movin to Ohio :' ss no one say anything
Lol Oh no!
That might not be a good idea..I was going to hide behind you!
:O lol I need to be more brave!
1 way to know she loves you.
She catches you when you fall.
cry me a river
Happy New Year!
Can't wait for all that is to become in 2012.
So exciting!
after a long stressful overwhelming day i like to just lay back, chill,  watch some gay porn ;D
I second that :
did the party ball make an appearance?
:
We Patriots have to unite and take back our country!
Love your tweets!
thank you:
Real Eyes.
Realize.
Real Lies.
Man vs Food rocks.
Keep eating ps.
I completed the dagwood with pride
Who needs to step up their game in the second half?
Thank You Again, Happy New Year ;
IM GONNA LIVE MY LIFE NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT
im afraid hes gonna die and thathes unhappy :/ hes a crab
Hey thanks a lot!
RT : Thanks you're awesome and helpful!
Hopefully listens to you!
Friday the 13th came a day late for me....
release of the highlight video from WODs for Bemis tomorrow.
Stay tuned
IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'd probably go broke again I got expensive taste.
how was the potatoes lmao?

Let me add, c you fill finish sooner.
Write that thing and get out.
We're all warm and fuzzy inside on these cold days, 538 followers, thanks everyone!
yes!!
RT : Melificent I knew it!!
The Knicks have about 4 people on their team that wants to shoot it every time they touch it.
I guess that would explain the 7 seed.
It was great seeing you at what did you think of it?
Thanks for the RT  remember a balanced with SOME chocolate ;
Smatterin if boos for Braun for not running out DP ball.
Looked like he tweaked something...
A tornado flew around my room before you came.
Excuse the mess it made.
at butt sex
Some people just need to date and get married because they make the cutest couple ever.
Please tell me more about how excited you are for tomorrow.......
It is helpful to signal to the doctorver, especially at night.
We're sorry to hear about your issue.
Man niggas r stupid they think any bitch with a fat ass is bad lol its sad
ctfu these people tripping.
Am I the only person with their normal bedtime at like..12:30 in the morning?
I love my first period.
Lmfaooo 3
Oh no they didn't.
Heading north to Santa Fe and Los Conchas NMfire; EPA/DOE radiation air monitoring crews flew to NM Mon p.m., after fire hit LANL property
I would say the 2nd one...We started dating 3 days before Christmas and he bought me a ridiculously expensive gift.
Just awkward.
What do we do?
We connect students in Zambia who need just 150US/yr 2 complete their education with people like U who want to sponsor them.
oh you know it.
Hahahaha.
Schools over now though :D
Going out with the girls, movies soon :

OnlineBusiness Tip: Ask questions as well as make comments when you tweet.
My mother is trying to save 400 to upgrade her upcoming flight to first class.
I'm trying to save 400 to fly at all.
Hi all.
Just finished packing for road trip to NC.
What did I miss?
Ah!
Not again,
You need to watch that!!
yea dude its hot as a wolf in my house
Record store day.
Wish I lived in the UK so I could grab up 's Ekki Múkk single.
i hope your flight went well!
HAVE FUN!
talk to you soon!
3
Breitbart was without soul and heart, you fascist.
His death disproves the idea that only the good die young.
On my way back to Albany.
Hit me up Albany friends which is nobody!
you, my friend, are a genius.
How are you not a millionaire yet?
Congrats!
I was stoked to see you guys win.
So nice to hear from you!
How have you been?
jet lagged in desperate need of a solid nap, I'm 5 hrs ahead of y'all :/
You could live a thousand lifetimes and still not deserve him Haymitch
Thanks!
It was one of my favorite projects I've ever done.
teamfollowback LET'S FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW 3
so wonderful to see you all on Friday!
Saif, what is it that you are looking for in Great Falls?
I am happy to help you out and have a ton of resources.
Best, Aaron
Beautiful weather today, great day to fly a balloon!
: The next Pavarotti?
Opera alum Eric Barry at Ntnl Cathedoctorl  Mozart's Requiem Congrats on the mad shout out.
A desk and a chair in the corner of the cafeteria is NOT a workspace.
Is it 3pm yet?
cutler hurt his mangina
basic space, open air.
Thanks!
The Badgers lost a close one yesterday.
Here's hoping the Hoosiers can defeat Kentucky twice in the same season
great resource for healthliteracy materials for patients in a billion languages.Check 'em out!
Me too!
RT : I just had a RamonWOW moment...wasn't expecting to get verklempt at DisneySMMoms awesome!
If some1 offers 2help u do something that u have done solo thn u ask them if u did it correctly.
Y in da h wld they tell u 2 ask some1 else?
Thanks for retweeting the correct spelling of our name.
Dzian is lost on most people, including native Chinese speakers.
working on it.
You open to speak with us next week sometime?
About to take my mom's new Audi S4 Quattro on a little joy ride: We We!
fuck that, I won't b here, ill b in another country
Actually the last time NC amended their constitution was to ban interracial marriage.
Ironic  very sad.
i should make cards :
So true, I talk to him in the middle says, He is making me do 6 breaths per stroke....
Umm are you sure?
happy new years eve from STEAM freakin BOAT COLORADO!!
Im the opposite of a slut, because I never give a fck.
Jamming To Music In My Room !
With Music :
Money, money, money; Thats always be the motive.
In order to be walked on, you have to be lying down.
Congrats Rick Hindoctorx on 200th victory
not anymore?
what happen?
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
LaoTsu
2 days ago was earth day.
I littered
Neva mind I'm tweaking regard that last tweet
It hate it.
I just keep tellin myself I'll be done sooner.
That is my ONLY motivation.
Haha!
What are you taking?
Well because I don't want to say friend because then is someone that knows us might think that were FWB does it make sense?
!
At work tired as ever
damn near been eating up half my house since i been home!!!
mcdonalds,,, sherbert,,, oodlesNoodles
Hey.
It's your girl bre hanging out with my buddy!
:p
sweet that sounds great
loool, you should ; what did he do?
glad I finally figured out the logic behind the FB suggestions, thought the universe was totally effing with me.
Hm...Dodgers are up 6.5 games in the division...I'd say they can afford to sit Matt Kemp for a bit
More followers means better prizes.
Your task is to get us to 850 by tomorrow and the prize get supersized!
RT and tell your friends!
I don't even realize I'm cursing anymore :/
Testing123, is this thing on?
see i told you!!!!!
viva la Collin!!!!
Yup.
I thought you had great things to tweet during that plenary.
:
You know what I want?
A food cart that serves whiskey.
Outside my downtown offices.
During the workday.
Every workday.
going a little medieval on us?
With my hat on, I'm even taller.
follow back3
yes if we get bigger lol were kinda tight : xoxo miss you!
Rip Ryan.
That shit craZy
who is a phony??
congratulations!
You are awesome!
Love you!
first class of the day cancelled!!!
yay!!!
doing some homework before soccer tonight.
At least we're only doing 20 minutes of conditioning !
Lol  an hour of skill
It's 141am...
had an awful day...
you would think I want to sleep, right?
I can't.
Augh.
:
Hi Chef, I really love the honesty in the WSJ piece, you're the real deal  I appreciate that so much  not many of you left!
Wow.
Michelle Bachman really is quite the religious zealot.
: Gonna watch The Vow...by myself!
sappytweet That is exactly what I'm doing right now.
please follow me?
I would make my week SO much better 3
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
THANKS
What's understood doesn't need to be explained.
I didn't want him in cle I was always a trent fan
If the world ends how it does in the movie 2012...someone throw a brick at my head so I can pass out and not feel anything!
lol
Live your life and take chances..
Don't wait, because now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
Sitting at lunch outside next to a softball field really has me jonesing to go to a baseball game ASAP.
Ha, I knew it!
Yes, let's talk about that coffee now.
It's easiest for me to do mornings.
Would that work for you?
I'm so excited for camp orlando and to spend it with my friends before I say my goodbyes : 
thanks for sharing.
thanks for following me.
please check out my fine art photos at www.bradtito.posterous.com
Love it!
Super excited!
Important ramifications, too ...
Like when a biz gives their brand image a makeover.
:
Nothing says Sunday better than IKEA
The reason Romney's family was in Mexico is they fled the US because of polygamy.
There isn't a list now, but there should be a list in your registration packet.
hello it would mean a lot for you to follow me, can you please follow me?
Greetings from sunny California!
You're welcome!
How funny were the puppy pics?!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too
Ladieswewantanswers Why do freaks always act like they are the hardest to have sex wit
lmao i juz be looking  thinking lyke cats are weird az shyt always wanna be climbing
If I hit this Mega million I'm going ham like Kevin off lottery ticket!
So you ain't got to give my loving away So all my gentlemen's say hey hey hey daddy 3 love this song : SINGLE HMU
60 of App users or smartphone ?
not the same thing
I.HATE.MAIL :
Who is having a friendly poker game this holiday session with the family?
thanks for the response.
The call was escalated and I never got a call back from management.
Branson looking like mid to high 70s next week.
I can so feel that.
When you're in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut.
It will heal with time, but the scars will never fade.
RT If you've never seen The Taking Of Pelham 123, then do it...I second that!
People will always need archivists for interpretation assistance, no matter the format.
Bank of America tops expectations on better credit quality
I just read that some women on President's Island started orphanages.
Do you have any info on them?
Is former President Jimmy Carter going senile?
of course
See ya next season, Raffi Torres!
25 game suspension.
Why are the wasting so much beer?
It's just wrong...
there are thirsty people in this world!
In the words of : who the hell are you that you think you can come into my fourth floor cubby area
lol they're free bro
NOMO prints now featured in the catalog  a great way to give someone a gift
so bummed that I can't upgrade from a Blackberry to an iPhone until Dec.
8.
I'm done with Blackberry!
Just booked a costar on the show 1000 ways to Die : This oughta be fun :
All dem candidates will be meeting at Tom Barrett's home today and available to media as part of unity event
Shoutie to For being my 122th follower 
Just followed everyone back ;
Home bound!
95 sure I just stepped in bum cum.
how's your golf game looking?
We need to get out soon
Maybe...
Montreal was willing to call Houston's bluff on Ching...
..no..no...
My dear!
coffee keeps u regular!
: More than 10,000 homes in the United States are powered entirely by solar energy.
I'm looking for charming neighborhood wine bar.
Am buying gift certificate for colleague moving to Williamsburg.
Any ideas?
Thx!
i will use my dads money from his resturant and thats more than enough,
:I'll be cohosting a WQAM radio show today 57pm.
NoLuv4Sid a show hopefully a nonrepublican show for change today!
Toughest poll ever on ESPN: Best sports rant  Mike Gundy, Dennis Green, Allen Iverson or Herm Edwards?
The rain is crazy right now!
my physical self has lived on but I think it's about time to resurrect my digital self...
MAYBE I'll ride it...
If I don't eat chachos before like Victoria ; lol
Then how do we teach in order to accept all of those Discourses we might encounter?
RT Unreal...
Huge team effort tonight!!
Thanks to all the fans who made the trek!
doctorvin home w/ for Mothers Day!
I have feeling twitter did not say that...
Shes on her iphone and shes not sure how to
I'm a check out da truth and see whats good.
peace
He's too cute!
I do hope for your sake he doesn't pick up any more of her charming habits.
is tonight's RB game sold out?
Not jealous but don't be surprised to find a bunny boiling in yours when you wake up during our winter camping trip.
Thanks for the RT, John!
Need a Fresh Start?
Need to file bankruptcy in phx we can help you through the options visit our site for more information...
if you love me you should follow me!
Oh and i love you more 3
Hello Ravens fans!
Checking in to say that I'm taking a blog hiatus while studying at NYU this spring but back in action for doctorFT coverage!
FindSomeoneWho makes you forget about everyone else
Building an independent media company takes a while, but we're getting close to finished...
iconfess I still dont have the new twitter
GM anyway RT GM...
No high for me...
LOL I didn't wake and bake!
hey how's it going?

great hair and makeup always on their show!
I am StillAlive and plan to make a change
eating cold breadsticks
Having a Givenchy handbag moment.
yesplease 
that's the million dollar question.
In the ice box....aka the dj booth at
Those folks who sell burnt mixtapes need to be arrest.
That's piracy gone too far.
Way no to suck captainuck!
Home Run!
Vacation is all I ever wanted!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Will Smith in truth comes
Thank you so much!!!
NP Fine by Me Andy Grammar
I know, if you are like me right now you are saying to yourself where are all the hot, sexy lesbians n' bi gurls?.
NICOLE MILANO.
Ryan said he would join as long as we get pizza
sweet joe!!!
Good to see you the other night.
i'mnotacougarnomatterwhatvirginiasays
I really need a hug.
And for someone to tell me that everything is going to be okay.
I am so excited to try my broccoli Bell Street Burrito.
What are the specials?
Raymond felton may now be fatter than baron davis.
Also slower.
Just another day of corporate thuggin' and wanted to get a heads start.
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and doctorma
I know.
I just listenes to what they were saying.
I can't believe some of the stuff they said..
QPR doctorw would be costly if Bolton wins...
Note the good doctor showed up like a good sport for a photo op.
'welcome this is a farmhouse we have cluster flies alass this time a year, we are sorry there is little we can do but swat them' Love Phish!
selfishly, I do too.
Looking forward to visiting in April!
L.A.
or Denver?
Metta World Peace back.
Kobe in a Game 7.
Mike Brown, Pau Gasol and Andoctorw Bynum jobs on the line.
I cant sleep
alright..i'm gonna try and stop talking about it.
just dont ask me do anything really awesome  enlightening lately?
you should be fine
rick ross is the shit!
We're actually working on a tasting, though it might take a month or two.
I'll keep you all posted.
thinking in 6/8 today for some reason..
I'm up way past my normal midweek bedtime.
articlecheck01: The Flourishing Business Of Online Air Ticket ...
Getting ready to hit the city..what talk about to do tonight..
not me, i love sleeping way too much
That was a good dance!Release some stress..or shall i say frustrations.Stress makes u gain weights,gives u shingles, ruins things!
The MLK parade in Liberty City on Monday was excellent.
Boohoo, sad story
performing Heartbeat on ConanCAMP reaching Number 1 on iTunes!
PerfectDayAtCAMP ILoveYoudoctorke but I'm a
A.
Bradley
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for the things beyond your reach.
Had success w/ this  last yr faced closing RT : Encourage fans to act as advocates for your museum.
Great win for over FCDallas tonight!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support!
Werewolf Hunter...eh.
View Welcome video at www.downow.info Free GAS and Food,?
Referral program nets income enroll at www.dowsite.info I give 125 leads per wk
chillin....what u been on?
Who's ready for our new EP Irie Days and Crazy Nights?!
It's all for you M.O.J.O fam!!
Coming soon!
Jah Bless!
We are in the health and wellness industry and responsible for delivering powerful products that promotes longevity and a quality of life.
already been hitting the bottle pre that post?
bless
Nm babysittin........I miss u.
Had so much fun in Nasville!
Studying for a Calculus final on Cinco De Mayo
George Trow on Ahmet Ertegun.
Mostly for Field Maloney's enthusiasm.
Close enough I can taste it!
Coincidence?
Yahoo news headline about Koch Brothers selling to Iran...sort of like GE in violation of law.
Why now?
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!!!!!!
20thingsaboutme 1.
I look older than i actually am
I miss the old me wen I ain't allow feelings to bother me I i vibed an didn't give two fucks
Starting a new chapter in my life.
Out with the old, in with the new.
Getting the rest of the fake people out of my life!
ratchet bums
Oh, poinsettia.
I spelled it wrong.
I was just that excited about modified leaves!!!
I've joked about this with you for years .
exactly....
that's why I didn't do it : selfrestraint goodnight ttyl

do you detect and kill the OSX/flashback virus?
Allergies please go away!!
really???
Plain as day!
Maybe hochuli can blow another call.
NFL refs are a joke!
this day turned out to be fabulous, but i think i am just as excited about tomorrow night ;
interesting many cannot make the leap from GUI to NUI when thinking about mobile design.
is this why apps look like desktop remnants?
Got love for ya too guys!
Cheers!
If you want someone, have them.
People aren't gonna wait forever for you to speak up.
I'm NOT flirting!!
its called BEING NICE!
Damn Barbra lookin good for a old hag
I feel special ya'noe, ayyy I hope you passed the jewels try out!
follow back pReeeeeety please

the support players have been playing well so far.
Miller's finally starting to hit some 3's.
He's been horrible all season!
So excited to be back in Texas for a week ..
Looking forward to seeing my awesome friends  family..
Smiles  sunshine to all 8
I got my hair cut right now and I asked if they could fix it.
now that I'm home it looks like all they did was trim the back shorter...
hey it takes a good looking person to know one
good luck and have fun!
And the taxpayers aren't going to pay for the Welfare Bailout of all the members of your movement.
Thank you so much!
...Mink happened upon Leather on a cold rainy night as she huddled under a doctorg store awning waiting for the downpour to pass...
Another GORGEOUS day in Sunny San Diego.
Ah.
Spent the 1st 1/2 of the day gearing up for my daughter's 1st Holy Communion next Sun.
Okay let me be more specific.
I have cousins in Atlanta that are Braves fans.
I like watching them cry.
compters dying...random power outage...
OKAY!?!?!?!
If i girl wants to ask for compliments she should be asking herself a whole different question.
In the lab making another hit!!
So, you want to meet me?
CoolStoryBro x
FACES IN THE CROWD: Last night Christian Slater took in a performance of Lombardi!
.
5 For having a long running review site for photography.
When in doubt, listen to mumfordandsons.
you and i now, we can be alright.
I Can only imagine when I walk by Your side for once!
:/
Our NY  Seattle account team's FIRST official Google Hangout meeting a success!
Congrats, all.
S/o 2da LEADING team members of CEO
SFA: Today  Tomorrow!
July 22nd  23rd Huge Vintage Sale by owner of Family Vintage  Delray Beach
Oh my god, we're already losing, this team is so great.
Q6 my document delivery staff deals with copyright everyday to make sure we're paying the C correctly
gotta go with my dog He is the truth!
A real straight up cat!
Confession to twitter yea guys I'm gay
Ever think you'd be saying that?
RT Yuni should be hitting fifth.
Just saying.
wow!
What a turn out!
Thank YOU.
thanks for the shout out  Tonight Show swag : exciting  great show for a chic from Ohio.
Loved it and ur a cutie pie!
About to start making confessions
Let's go knickssss !
thanks guys!
RT : Let's give it up for chicago for donating paint, flooring and people power to the home makeover!
Why does hamburger yield lower energy than steak?
Because it's in the ground state.
Probably time to add the Bolt Bus to the long list of forms of transportation I don't do very well with.
Limitations unlimited!
You want your relationship to last?
Keep people out of your business!!
Business rule 1  Stay out of my Business!
Aka FreshYoung CEO
Now I'm mad I missed it!
first haircut in 8 months...of course it has to be a mullet!
My phone has been blowing up the past few days, girls everywhere
working on my pmp gets me thinking about the kpi's i am not measuring in my job, this is for sure scope creep...
Dayumn I had a good day y da fuck ya wanna blow me???
My attitude is based on how YOU treat me.
When I walk in a room I expect everyone to bow.....and all bitches get naked,legs spread pussy lips spread

John Travolta  Olivia Newton John Grease Soundtrack went to No.1 on the U.S charts 
Well they are all important but authenticity is what allows me to live free.
Hawaii for 2 weeks in June!!!!
miss Eleuthera :
Tuesday is good, but I am going to need a handicap for the height differential if this is going to be a competitive situation
Haha, thanks Bill; awesome job.
In my 7th year.
With God you are unstoppable, unbeatable and invincible.
We didn't pay him to say it!
RT : If I came to this much everyday I'd be a straight A student!
I think I might...
Hello!
What brings you to town?
Is someone hating on ya, Ray?
LETMEATIM!!
;
AND I LOVE YEW 3
quotes The most important adage and the only adage is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first.
BUT..
what I was grateful for yesterday is my family, my true friends 
Bowchickawowwow : Guess who was his Tiger Hostess?
: 49ers Justin Smith has started 171 straight games
sure!
Need to pick something up from the church at 1:30, then I'll head over.
I heart you too!
Can't wait to see you this summer.
I bet you still won.
Cause you're awesome.
in my defense, I was already running from there.
Dave Leiper is on now for the A's, and he gets Brock to end the top of the 7th.
summer school
No prob.
Thanks for the Tweet!
MT : Thanks to Politico's for pool report on Biden's appearance at Howard Theater.
Heh...Create a giant market by paying a fair price to feed renewable energy into the grid, duh.
RT : so how do we fix?
Richardson  dirtbag.
I once waited on him w/ Ken Griffey Jr.
700 tab  NO tip Nothing he does surprises me
I'm jealous...
have a cocktail for me!!!
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy?
A: Put her in a round room and tell her to find the corner :D
It's time to call it quits for the night.
I am tired.
Maybe I can get some more reading done it the morning before the readathon is over.
oh wait is her sis cindy dilimos?
very cool idea indeed!
Will use this once our pilot episode is complete!
We made it at a park so people could bring furry friends too!
Likewise.
One of my big collegiate regrets was not making a gameday trip to the Big House.
i know me too !
BUT I had to go do my thaaaaaaang.lmao where were you tho !?
VonChurch is looking for Network Programmers for various openings around the country.
Ping for more!
school just got so much better
When will you be on?
What's the subject matter?
Snowboarder still missing on Timberline.
Search crew there.
Rest of friends checked in :30p.
Thought the boarder went off trail.
it's still 11 am here
loggie i got you with those classess, thats what i wanted to takee or filmm but i dont wanna write reports
Don't forget to shop local today friends!
SOU offense puts on a show  Mail Tribune
I am still not sure how I feel about Camper van Beethoven's Ambiguity Song  some days I love it, other days not so much.
I am!!
Lindzi so cute
Had a Bday this weekend; walked six miles today.
Guess I'm not too old.
make sure you wash yo dishes
Awesome.
I'm tweeting as a reminder to myself to show up and imbibe with all you fine folks.
Me arde el brazo u.u
We just cleaned up garage.
The grand finale of this effort was the GIANT wood spider scampering across the floor.
EEk!
Awesome!
Glad to be part of the show!
border patrol sees a white guy cross the border to the USA hes good oh but when see a Mexican cross the border get out of ur car doctorg search
hamms special lights for everyone!
My old school homegirl just said this lady was shape like a BMW Body Made 4 Wrong lmbo
okay i'm out for the night guys tah!!
On the road doing fight stuff.
Anyone want to train early?
If so, text me
Wish that America  Australia were on the same time bcoz then it wuld b Monday night over there and CHESNUTS would b out!
And, no, anal doesn't mean you are gay.
Geez why do people jump to that conclusion.
It's 12 IS THE VIDEO UP?!!!!
FOLLOW ME,:D
which doctorss are you wearing?!
awesome!
Well, not the soaking rain later part!
: Females need to realize smoking and getting all those tattoos is unattractive and unclassy.
I agree with the smoking part
Want to be an extra in Sadie, AND see awesome bands play!?
Dates are Jan 68, 2012.
Email for info.
Must be 18.
Man, just craved some hot chocolate ;
would you say thats the case among Israeli companies too?
WHEN I SAY GOD IS AWESOME HE REALLY IS AWESOME.
I LOVE HIM
Prom special 100 for hair and airbrush makeup!
3124040853
I keep a working document of ideas as well...
like you said, don't want to lose the random inspiration
Thank you for the follow!
I really enjoyed your discussion at PCN12 and your take aways from SoSlam.
Take care!
No person was ever wise by chance.
Seneca
Check us out on Twitter slyderfootball
Sunday I Pray Fa Sum People Dat Go 2 My Skool Cause Dey Need SomeBody 2 Pray Fa Them
You were hit by a pitch
YES, please!
:D
HA!
Elite Riverdale circle, I like that!
Nicely done!
Find your best Red lipstick, a shade with blue undertones complements fair complexions.
Brownish reds  orangey hues for darker skin tones
hahaha I don't know what it is, I just know my ducks are running and I wanna get some sun and see some action
shoutouts would be appreciated
aggh man I think i got sick from take a cold shower bath for an hour while I was recreating the movie U571
wow what a little finger you have there
Im not even gonna talk shit..
it was a Good game.
20 headin to LA.
I'm about to unfollow people who retweet Willy Wonka into my TL.
I've put up with it for the last month.
enough is enough, wonka.
tank you very much Byron Scott
Always a pleasure seshing with  
great reception this evening at imexamerica11.
Thank you from Pathable.
Loving my half pieces of gum 3
Just saw Chris Rock at the Improv.
He's so baller w his bodyguard and that whole ear piece thing.
He seems to miss alot of these lately...hm...: 3 of 4 candidates at this neighborhood focused debate.
No today.
sup tweeps.
this is my first time back online since, well, you know...
so who's watching the SOTU?
Oh my god!
You have twitter?
Love ya bro!
See ya tomorrow!!!
Ramen has become my favorite food.
But they did need a good cornerback though
Was your work open on Fridays all summer?
Mine wasn't!
But now it is again.
amireallyhere?
hi sweeti I'm fine what about u ?
Pierogis???
In Baltimore????
OMG do they have golabki, too??????
And where is it?
Getting ready to party at the FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION SHOW at McFaddens on Friday!!
ha!
You're taking a big risk.
Thank you for the bday wishes.
Starbucks really isnt that expensive when you consider what Victorias Secret charges per cup.
what's this paper on, if I may ask?
...the table next to us had 20 senior citizens  all asking for separate checks, all paying w/ cash,  all asking for exact change back...
hey I'm so sorry we didnt get to catch up...
There will soon be other opps.
I'm glad ur pres went well!!!
3.
5factsaboutme I'm 19 yrs old
CNN actually discussing Ann Romney's comment in MI that she's been all the way up thetip of the Mitt
What up, Rory.
How've you been?
Bet there was epic tweetfest between you  during Finals.
Too bad your team won.
Ha!
an 86yr old, actually; nancy regan.
We said he loveme night ' nex Person to tlk to my SUNSHINE ' gone to bed llsss
oh wow.
I remember a rooster hanging out on my street last summer, apparently it had escaped a fighting operation
Isn't it funny when people say they're TattedUp with only one or two tattoos lol
get your keytar and your flag of Mexico ready!
I own this punk!
OH: 1.
How does turbo swang work?
2.
double time grinding!
Fuck writing papers.
I won't be able to concentrate until 1am.
I'm clearly just wasting my time right now.
It's just not happenin'.
Too much pessimism from White Sox tweeps tonight.
Nobody like a moper.
Let's Go, Sox!
Louis' hand was holding on to Harry's side so tight in that Rays of Sunshine cookbook video.
nocompromise The elections in 2010 were a rejection of your agenda.
It's all about the start in a 26.2mile race!
It's a team sport.
How do you not understand that?
This chemistry baffles me.
I only ate once today...
Im so hungry, why am i doing this to my tummy?!??
Fuckin cold TT
Having doctornks with the ladies, winding down from the first National Black Genealogy Summit in Ft.
Wayne, IN.
An AMAZING conference.
Devouring Jane Austen books and going bonkers.
Love her knowledge of human nature that I now can see in family/friends.
Walking in doctornching rain  not my fave.
Being soaked from head to toe grosses me out :P
What I would give to meet Tim Robbins
Great success at rehearsal tonight!
Oh!
and did we mention we have a gig at Martini Tree Bar on Saturday?
: Twitter stutter...
dml2012, JSB: Tinkering is knowing, making, playing blended together.
What does this look like in a history classroom?
Stocktwits is confusing.
Why can't I sign in with oAuth?
Wtf?
mla12 s442 Houser on dataviz as an ethical project, but one that gives the impression of mastery with problematic consequences.
really enjoyed meeting you.
Maybe next time you are in Portland, a quick trip to Seattle could be possible?
They without product, fck for spotlight.
I'm out at the store at 183  Burnett, getting ready to go on air with Fox 7 to let folks know about
It's been quiet...not much happened here and with a mini summer preview going on, staying indoors to avoid the sudden heat.
So good to see you in IRL!
And a surprise meet up with always brightens my day.
:
It's sad when you get hurt so much that you can just say, I'm use to it
Come buy some half price theatre tickets from me at Hottix today.
72 E Randolph!
just read a few of your articles!
Great stuff Thank you
I don't considah myself a lucky chahm 
I am both married, and secure enough in my heterosexuality to admit that is just as cute as the dickens.
Thrift shopping in Maui?
Ok.
text me!
We're almost at 300 Likes!
Thanks for liking our page.
What's your favorite stop along our tour?
yourebeautiful and i wont stop tweeting about this until you understand.
Please believe me.
You are not Alone .
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Keep up the rockstar marketing content.
Attention if my followers reach 1,000 or more by this Sunday then I will let everyone download my new album PLEASE EXCUSE MY TRUTH 4 free!
If there's no trade, it'll be Markelle Martin, S, Ok St.
Book it
Because the whole thing comes from within, the feelings came right through.
I just wanted to say that u r very pretty and my role model 3
please tell Peacefire to meet his friends by the big wooden cross!
attending IEG networking event at TrumpChicago Sixteen.
Spectacular view!
Have fun today!
Hahaha I love you and miss you too!!
: and YES WE CAN!!!
But....i moved to mckinney.....and im in chicago right now!
:
celtics win!
WOW, probably no business winning that one which makes it even BETTER!
hm yum yum yum yum yum
Check out the new photos we've uploaded!
Tag yourself and your friends!!
Feel free to share any of your own!!!
All the Mahomies and Austin tweets after I've gone to sleep, tinezones suck
Hooray!
Are your Groupons good there, too?
RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
Been in a really good mood today..dunno why!
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
I love you gurlz.
:,
I agree!
He is too slow to play CF
Durant is pretty good
I could live off of popcorn.
I wish we could have made it, looks like a great time was had by all.
Hey everyone auditioning for THEXFACTOR in San Francisco this week.
I wish you the best of luck!
Go in there and show them whatcha got!
24 but I don't feel that old lol xD
yeah one car load was juss spectators lol you guys are all my niggas
Ugh, I just did that handshake with a man named Happy.
Makes me even less manly.
Start calling myself the king for lack of a better title
I ended up at brooks brothers.
More preppy than hipster but I look good!
helloo.
how're you?
I miss the show Brandy and mister Whiskers :
The truth comes out when you doctorNK or ANGRY
any idea at all of a realistic Indy pole speed?
Are we talking like 218?
maybe that it is just a mutually agreed on settings that few really see as inaccurate, plus magic seems less out of place
The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it unfriendly.
It is simply indifferent.
John Andoctorw Holmes
Worth it.
Slightly strange experience not being there in person, but wonderful all the same.
Going to try to see rest of cycle.
shordy is gorgeous in her new pic!
all for US.
Dont forget that.
What do you think is missing from the Millennial conversation today?
good!
Watched taiwan ballgame last night.
Too bad for rain!
Had an fainted lifting weights.Life seems more serious today.
In San Diego?
Get to now!
its okay Matt it just makes me think
RT Baltimore AtlantaOakland in crosshairs 2nite Blitz eviction strategy intended 2 reduce news cycle saturation?
It's funny.
All these bing ads, I'm still googling everything.
oh and i reply when im back, love youu naai; 3 x
You are too funny!!!!
don't we all?
FACEBOOK MAKES ME SO LOST!
mine started off like a Monday at work.
But it should make for a fast day.
Thank you to and for following us!
But I'm Glad Max Got The Subway Shop Lol!!
XD
ok gosh chill!
thanks for the idea.
Is there a website mention the food science lab behind McDonalds?
If you're over 150lbs, you should probably get off the bar.
This makes me cringe.
It's like Unfrozen Caveman Commenter.
Another thing about Unitas...wanna talk 2 min doctorll?
He practically invented it.
Unitas to Berry
Suzanne Deal Booth is the generous patron of Turell skyway Does she collects Christian Marclays work?He's well loved at KTRU
Starting NOW on New Orleans Gourmet, we have Domenica's Chef w/ housemade charcuterie  red beet tortelloni.
Ch.
14 or 32.
In learning to know other things, and other minds, we become more intimately acquainted with ourselves.
Teletransported with four others from the Red Planet on a distant Sun in a small far Galaxy?
LOOK at ur arms!
JealousProudMe.
Ur no longer a skinny muppet w/ an oversized mouth  a mullet ; Loved u then.Love u now
Patron wanted Shadowplay by Tad Williams that should have been on the shelf.
Not there.
Placed hold.
Yeah, you better be sorry ;
ill be in the 2nd row...im so excited, never sat that close at a concert b4!
I'm going to buy me a doctorke shirt tonight lol
Team is growing day by day.
First Now is on board.
Whos next?
?
The best way to spend a Sunday
I think about you all the time...
Roll Damn Tide
OMG!
Tia you this event is fabulous.
Independence on the Runway NO LIMiTS 1426 is so proud of you.
If you are not here you miss it!
good?
part of what I  abt fish tacos would get lost in the bulk of a burrito.
But I prefer tacos to burritos across the board
But they need to fix Transmo...
Transmogr...
Transmostarwarstheoldoctorpublic, and add more welfare gear.
Watching porn in the living room is very low class.
Rep Boehner, REAL class warfare is a reality NOW, as wealthy employers pay 1/2 the tax rate that their secretaries do.
Ask Warren Buffet!
SING ON MY MIND BY CODY SIMPSON PRETTY PLEASE!!:
William of Wykeham Manners maketh man.
I once paused over a Rene Auberjonois action figure.
Wished it was from Benson.
Or McCabe and mister.
Miller.
The hunt for a new studio space is officially on.
Anyone know of any good spaces?
I wish I had went to church this Sunday...
AH.
SUCH A GOOD EPISODE OF PLL!
Who else watches?
:
What's the doctorss code for semi?
Is it odd that in my class there is a girl that looks like peter griffin from family guy
Is it wrong that when I hear the Bee Gees on the radio I picture ??
Beyond excited that CLE will have a Toby Keith's Bar and Grill!!
My neighbors must HATE me.
Today I've jumped rope, practiced my trumpet, vacuumed and set the smoke detector off 5 times
Right, credit is the key thing, although permission couldn't hurt :
Ha!
I knew it!
RT What, are you kidding?
You'd look totally hot in black eyeliner.
:
swimming al day
have you read fun home by alison bechdel?
Heading out on a birthday weekend vacation with destination UNKNOWN!
Lets see what my gf Michelle has in store for me this time around!
;
Good luck, Bob!
No when is it?
Your customers rather text your business then get put on hold when they call you.
Text me to learn more: 9164206020
anyone know of any good jobs available for cats please rt
First time I've heard adjustments and Mike Brown in the same sentence this playoffs.
Hope the holidays treated you all well!
Now go out and continue to enjoy with 1 doctornks with bartab!
oh my lord, that sounds delicious!
Let me know how it turns out!
Pitched 7 innings yesterday  now basically can't move the right side of my body.
WTF?!?
They cut out part of the dance!!!!
BSheridan Too Cool!
I'll never forget how they celebrated just from winning this game.
I can't wait to play them again.
Derrick Rose on Pacers win over Bulls.
Chimera has been getting those 11 on the outside all night long.
I really want a stickman sticker.
Huge STOP FOR THE Broncos D!
Good thing they stepped it up they saved the Broncos Today!
Thanks a lot for using my mother's afghan that way.
How am I not supposed to remember that every time I see it?
I live for complex challenges; but today I'm not in the mood to tackle a technical twister.
I'll give it 30min more
Someone please explain why a policeman is better off patrolling on a Segway rather than walking?
Seems like a waste of ...?
A site where write about Tech news, tutorials,reviews and more..
mostly apple
Diabetes When Men Get Rheumatoid Arthritis For men, a rheumatoid arthritis diagnosis tends to come later than in women if men downplay or
Jackson:BARK:SQUIRREL!
I will take you out  and I don't mean on a date!
I Don't Think A Grown Ass Man Should Use the Letter K to another Man in a Text
Auto voting down the people that doctorp 100 Nbombs in the first 5 seconds of their song ...
and there are many that do.
Be better than that.
loving listening to  , your both amazingg33
Thanks so much Katie!!!
This man either dont know how to use a condom or pull out...one of the 2
shoutout to follow
Looking forward to Oklahoma City takin that 20 lead tonight!
a teenager is someone who complains there is nothing to do and then stays out all night doing it
Thankx for all the hate cause it shows on ya ugly fuxxin face biotch!!!!
ice it!
Feel better:
One life.
Live it.
Just finished part 1 of Time and the Rani.
Actually, it isn't as bad as some people say it is.
On to part 2
unified communications conferencing
yeah, you bad
My child  my responsibility, not no one else
ever feel like your job is shouting 'get the fuck out!?
I like the U.
But today, I have to support my boy Let's go
Sacrifice your body
Nice!
George was confused for the first 24 hours or so too  anthropomorphism at work!
Love the Houghton Library's digital facsimiles!
So many beautiful book bindings and so little time!
Digital Learning Day on February 1st would be a great topic!
Our Hero makes a living off that little bit more.
It's a great day for a smoothie!
Enjoy!
We almost got in an accident.
I'm really happy this bus doctorver is better than the last one we had.
Jessica doesn't seem to be connecting with her songs tonight...love this song by Aerosmith, but not her singing it...
1 thing I learned at stripper class last night w/ : The girl who cleans the pole before she gets on is probably not good
FF Follow the yellow brick road , er.., or these guys!
Yeah, those things are pretty small.
I love the second generation skins.
LOLOLOL.
Media History professorssor compared Steve Jobs' personal hell to being snared eternally in the motherboard of a PC.
toosoon?
Watching the bulls game in Wrigleyville during a cubs game
smokin high country barley ; 
I apologize for my weakness.
Sorry, father.
I have sinned.
Really good fictions...
both depict this world and illuminate the possibilities for being alive and human in it.
Nearing end of Week 1  1985 raised!
Can we get to 2500 by Mon morn?
1 gets u sneak peek  FREE MP3.
bit.ly/pLUlIO
Love the streaks of light shining on Obama.
Looks like God is shining down on him.
Your welcome..
We shall chat soon!
Jimmy Eat World coming up soon at Center Stage in Atlanta!
Come on down!
wat up fool
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
I love talking to my girls!
is anyone else that uses LibGuides having trouble with their syndetics book cover images???
There is a place you can touch a woman that will doctorve her crazy
I'm not arguing.
I'm mentally abusing a lil niqqa lol.
Nw Adventure Time 
I hope everyone thinks about the poor, the downtrodden and the underprivileged at this holiday tiem.
Give as much as you can to help them
Yes im high for the rest of my life lmao RT : she get a bunch of money spends it all on doctorgs lol
no idea, falling apart : Ribs out of place?
Geeze!!!!
How are you?
you got it!!
That's what we love to hear!
So happy you had a great treatment.
do you play pick up basketball?
I'd die if that became a TTx
to psych myself up and convince myself it's not a complete waste of time.
You were awesome tonight.
Did you notice one of your biggest supporters giving you a standing ovation?
People barley started testing we just got out!:
too many cops...
not enough middle fingers...
lol I didn't know you were goin too, I mean personally I wouldn't but depending on what you do with it, it could be cool
lets do it
why aren't Ark games on XM radio like the other SEC schools?
Frustrating for those of us outside of the state.
RT : I remember my elementary school library being so big.
Like it was an adventure looking through all the aisles.
My friends came and visited me at work!
Happy Birthday It seems all the coolest people have birthdays today.
Email me for the best offer available in the game!
the past is only the future with the lights on...44
i will follow all you on a diff.
account 3
it's a good thing we got iPhones now though, glad to be in the future lmao 
looks delicious.
Did someone else order that for you?
Like by mistake?
:
Preach!
RT : The grass may be greener on the other side, but its still as hard to cut.
Will Smith
Ditto to Pine's faction!
I've also wished to be as candid as the Candor.
Didn't see it but OK, thanks!
Will track him down.
The way I see it, friends are a lot like boobs.
Some are big, some are small.
Some are real  some are fake.
We never really grow up.
We just learn how to act in public.

SADDLE UP  HOMES FOR HORSES  HENDERSONSOUTH  Nevada 7025186567
i'm more into alternative rock, rock, punk, and screamo or anything acoustic really
Forgot my lunch today  anyone want to grab something at Circle Centre or the City Market?
Chapter 2012 Page 122 Starting Today...I'm putting my body, mind  spirit under Protective Custody!
Any realtime data on ticket prices for the Penn State/Nebraska game this weekend?
Another day of photoshop!
San Francisco commercial photographer Napa wedding silicon valley siliconvalley bay area Palo
Creating the Perfect Facebook Campaign next
i need El rodeo, lets go
Let's go Boston.
It was an absolute pleasure meeting you today  so inspiring!
I truly hope we have a chance to work together soon!
x
thanks for the kind word of encouragement.
i think they hand out bonnets instead of medals at the end.
RT : Bike to Work May 14 through 18; Join the Community Ride May 19: The everpopular BiketoWork Week is a couple w......
!!!!!!!RT !!!
RT : I been SINGLE for awhile na.
But i juss feel like GOD saving me for somebody special !
Only 5 more weeks til the 2010 Yale Publishing Course!
What's the one biggest thing you hope to accomplish?
It's not the broken doctorams that break us, it's the ones we don't dare to doctoram.
I hate country music.
hahahaha so true
nevermind, just saw the pg/FRONT COURT part
received two 100 opposing signs from nature in a span of minutes.
reminded me of various instances i've had with women in my life.
Sketching with today has left me as sketching should, rung out like a wet rag.
Early bedtime!
Who wants a free donut?
girl that would be you, but I'm still deciding if I'm even going or not
Great book!
I'm not sure if I can handle seeing the ratchet girls at shs for too much longer...
About to be on We'll be talking about pension reform, SD County food stamps enrollment and SD's homeless stundets.
What Perry and others films do show is we can stop being hired and r able to create and hire our own.
Entrepreneurship
Each girl has that 1 boy that they will never lose feelings for 3 rip brian forever young
Tonite in Garden City Michigan come see the E.VA.
Pro Fam and the hottest artist ok nMichigan kill the stage.Wet Tshirt contest at midnite!
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME!
NEVERSAYNEVER?
...
and lowers rookie grilling stress!
:
Haha, dude come back to the city and we'll keep it going.
New Game Plan: Stop thinking like a poor person.
Possibly this week, a final decision had not been made when I left last night.
I'll announce it as soon as I know.
A vet friend invited me today to allday production of The Great Gameincredible series of plays about Afghanistan.
Well finished the Mini without stopping and cut about 10 minutes off my time from last year
I'm trying to work!
I blame Leesa.
RT : you people have issues lol
thanks for the RT !
now u know how I felt when people called me a Juice hater lmao
Who could forget the Ebony/Ivory duo tracking him with raucous giggles and obvious staring?
RT : Hey travel and tourism friends, check out the travelcom hashtag for interesting stats, etc from conference
Dear God , I Wanna Take A Minute Not To ak For Anything From You , But Simply To Say Thank You For All I Have':3
Me: You dont know who Jerry is??
Mom: I guess i dont...
Me: He gets people pregnant..Mom:.....
Me: Its Justins penis mother lol...
Mom: :
what was the explanation?
I was SO nervous!
It was the second story I ever wrote that got published, and there I was.
Now I'm an old pro....
RT'd a dick onto my timeline and I'm OK with it
you are a joke ross, you are the B!!
loser
Laurel Bellows, incoming prez, w/incredibe, impassioned plea at ABA Ent/Sports Symposium for attorneys to help end modern slavery.
Rochester, NY!!
It's totally hoppin'.
And there are lots of us gays here, so you'd have a big crowd :
I know i'm so sad!
i came around 3:00 but i din't get anything answered it was going to end by the time i came.
oh well!
RT : ThankfulTuesday..
Thanks to random new followers:
RT : Dear Lord today, OPEN my eyes to see you, my heart to feel you, my ears to hear you and my hands to receive from you!
Girl I want you to know you make my heart and soul go Ladidadido oh I love you.
Are You Mad Because iDont Like You ?
I've been looking for someone like you.
RT : My pleasure!
Just keep up the good work
very cool.
RT : The US bid to host the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup.
Get the latest from twitter Follow them.
Exciting news!
The San Diego County Bar Association rated me well qualified to be judge.
Those were happy days
KimJongIl is dead.
Speaking of censorship...Were 2 laws away from becoming North Korea.
Thx for the follow.
I will check out your books.
Sounds like man fantasy.
Damn, I honestly didn't think i had it in me.
But Clearly i do have 1 fuck to give
T4: I think for a majority of the people who need health information, it is left to the public health department to provide info.
can't take all the credit for the Clash reference!
Kinda looking for geeky solutions to the kid pick up thing: Using google docs to communicate who's car is here?

the Kabbalah Center in Laguna beach
No news yet  stay tuned
likewise...
1st day of school.....
aww me too
RT : RT Good peer pressure definitely helps.
My husband, son and I exercise together...makes it much easier
What is love?
i find it so funny how it's STILL awkward between us.
And all of our database access is down.
Hopefully gets Aleph back up soon
ha!
I'll pass it along
1961 Mazda unveils the new rotary engine and made its debut in the 1967 Cosmo Sport
I've Texted You More Than That And You Never Respond To Me!!!
I don't remember leaving studio last night.
RT the Paradise is at the feet of the mother.
Muhammad ibn Abdullah wa Amina
Maybe this will keep him out of theatre forever, now that he has found an alternate, more lucrative career
Good weed and cold doctornks thats the motha fuckin recipe
If shooting yourself was fashionable, I'm willing to bet teen suicide would be at a new high.
It's very sad.
me, too.
So much more expensive to live here than other places I have lived.
Then Mitt just stands there as Congress chants CHOKE!
CHOKE!
CHOKE!
Then he walks off all upset.
RT from Iran: Peaceful protest concludes in Tehran; hundoctords of thousands wore black, held candles
Thank You to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday, iloveU all!!
Only 27 more mins left  my birthday is over!
xoxo3
Been a hard week for loyal Scapers, but I think you'd be moved by the 's of players fighting for no RWTing.
We wont give up!
My momma always told me and you were alike sqaud living now my brothers gone RIP SLIM DUNCUN!
haha I suppose not.
And that sign simply proves it
Ball doesn't lie.
Way to go detroitlions nice INT
Seriously.
Like if you hate abuse :3 is stupid.
Liking it won't do shit.
You wanna stop abuse or some disease, do something about it.
Night My Loves, Tweethearts, Twhorse, Twats!
LOVE YOU'S!!
If I am not able to go to the Motion City Soundtrack concert in Chicago, I will cut ALL the bitches.
Grammar Gremlins: And you can start off this way
Some poeple do go on too much, but thoughts on Religion, Politics, Culture  such are too important  need to be shared.
:
Looking for parent education in Los Angeles about autism?
Need to develop a relationship with your child?
We can help!
leaving Temple Square!
I loved it especially the bag pipe player outside :
I'll be first in line!
Gordon's in nitro.
It was done by Sasha.
She was great!
LitFuse  Another great meeting with the team at the Seattle Childoctorn's Theatre.
Narrowing down the direction on this years tshirt design.
FreeFriday item of the week?
Plaid!
We were inspired by Pete's sports coat MadMen and want to spread the style.
Will Clean Plaid 4 Free.
you crack me up!!
the way you clown people.
:
statistically, is every 18 minutes successful or just attempted?
Well, that's kind of the same road, at least the part that floods!
:o
cute cute cuuuuuteeee
Ditto bro RT Thinking about it, I'm pretty honored to still be doing tracks with after almost 10 years.
thxank for coming to the panel hope you found it interesting.
i miss you.
my tires were stolen by street youths
Listening to doctor Schlenker, medical dir of SA Metro Health about what preemies face in their early days.
A lot of tweets sound like confessions
My shoulder is killing me..
yea, just started yesterday
Shopping with today!
The boys better be worried!
Help us help YOU!
What do other dating services have that you look for?
Set an intention and you are at the cause of its fulfillment.
Have an expectation and you are at the effect of what remains unfulfilled.
Last night was messed up.
What happened?
I'm texting you.
Where is this right person?
Well, there will never be the right person because of our everchanging expectations
IM PERFORMING AT DIFFERENT COMEDY SHOWS ALL OVER FOR INFO JUST HIT MY BOX OR JOIN MY FB FOR WALL POSTED INFO ABOUT UP COMING GIGS AND MORE
What about marsupials?
Hey, we don't talk any more.
We need to talk soon.
Or I would have not talked to my twin for almost half a month D:
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores keep millions and millions and millions and millions of pounds out of the landfill each year?
I've got to say that I'm kind of in love with you guys.
Your website is so easy to use and you have a huge selection!
It took, hm about a year!
I can't remember when I joined, I think it was January!
But I'm not sure.
Thanks and....
Hugging and holding hands is enough for me: just your presence makes me happy.
Good luck !
Kick butt at that Bucks workout!
Always search for something good to say about another even if all they search for is bad about you.
Great job at representing the Senior class today everyone!
You really kicked ass!
We'll take the Spirit Stick next Pep Rally!
Those Knicks are pretty good.
Find out who is pregnant at the Oregon Zoo, at 6!
you called me and thought I was your mom?
Guess what we're brewing today?
Green Bike Espresso Blend!
Super as a regular coffee, too!
lmfao!
sure, i'll be friends with you again x
I hope everyone had a great tuesday!
Mark Teixeira answers the boos in the crowd with the a homerun to put the Yankees up 75.
Lost my printer, computer, net connector box..got halfway through a script w/o technology..though I don't use it to write anyway..:
We'll be in at 6:30!
Should be a delicious meal and we're looking forward to celebrating over good food!
good luck!
We want more shows.
Book us.
I gotta thang 4 ya , baby you know, dnt wanna take it slow i wanna get to know ya.
dnt wanna play no games listen to what im sayin.
There's just something about you..
Tommy John
An apology doesn't fix a broken heart.
funny one!
Live music keeps the globe turning!
Get out  support it.
It's ALL around you...
Ready for the holidays?
You have until December 19th to order your goodies from WklessEvolution  STILL get them in time for Christmas!
elvisfan, we're gearing up to hit the road soon, and we want you to goin the crew..
sign up for the mailing list to get updates and info
Lol misltoes .
Just cause I'm standing under a little bush with a bow on it doesnt mean I have to kiss you x3
: sure has.
But she some timing it's to be expected nope not gunna say it lol
So ready to go from church im just here hungry and sleep bound
Lakin strikes out 2 in first, but he's already 2 behind Brown.
Yep, he struck out 4 in the first.
00 after 1
RT : preemiechat on Thursday, May 3 at 1pm.
Join us and tell your story.
Nutritional Labeling Now Required On Meats And Poultry
Well, I'm interested in sociology of cities  thanks for mini review.
King James u single handedly made it an close game, Tx 4 the excitement !
better when I catch up with u babe
when will you be back in town
wake n bake
Show tonight Doors open at 6:30, our set starts at 7:45.
I agree.
I think the cycle guys or the magician should be in his place.
1 RT : About to be on the cuj13 panel for full time ms students.
Ask me your questions new students!
I only loose my sense of direction coming out of subway tunnels.
It's like the ground interrupts my internal compass.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
3
Emerald, Jade, Montana, Chet
thanks for sitting with me tonight /l
I swear someone is watching me right now
When people say mean things to u U know that below their words is a lot of pain.
Send them love.
It has nothing to do w/u
Why are grown men wearing denim overalls in my neighborhood?
Routines, for better or worse, are a CHOICE...
Choose Change!!
Choice defines who you are.
BE CHOOSEY.
I'm kinda mad they canceled MIOBI.
I actually liked that show.
They couldn't have waited for the actual season be over.
Aha , i know B jst didnt pop his ugly self on my bed !
Get out , hmph:
The journey of making documentary film with ten years in the making.
2 more Avatars and now Transformers 4?
I guess I'll just have to root for the end of the World.
Please stop making these SHITTY FILMS!
I'd rather lose an argument to you, than lose you to an argument.
sack of love.
I couldn't have said it better.
RT : Please be sure to join us tomorrow at 5:30 PM EDT for TTOT  Travel Talk on Twitter.
Topic is 'Sustainable Travel'!
like some new bands like five finger death punch and killswitch engage....but old school like slayer and Pantera is better :
had the best halloween weekend possible....
madison you are a true college party town.
and i turn 20 today as well!!
:
CanIBeHonestWithYou Omg I almost cried when they said I was CoChair Of Youth United Way :
Loving my new gym!
Heading out for a dancebased workout!
YOU THINK I GIVE A FUCK WHAT OTHER NIGGAS THINK???
MAKE ANOTHER STACK EVERY TIME NIGGA BLINK
When conditioning actually starts to get easier ..
thanks and we never get enough mom/sausage jokes.
: just tapped the first keg of Sorachi Ace in Pittsburgh..
Just in time for
Not that I'm lazy and I know I'd get bored but a summer of no work sounds awesome right now.
Great!
RT : The Buccaneers signed Eric LeGrand, who was playing for Greg Schiano at Rutgers when he was paralyzed in 2010.
She's not a Zac twitter but please wish my friend a happy birthday!
It would make her life!
The scumbag owner sells Pink Floyd LPs at 85 a pop, claiming special UK pressing, super rare
Great guess, our sources say 70  India!
Amazing isn't it?
re: last tweet, these 8 proposed debates would be in addition to traditional Fall debates
Reuniting with after a month.
Welcome home roomie!
A1: I'm going to go with interpersonal skills.
Preservation projects always require dealing w/ lots of different people.
The Ending of the New Girl finale was amazing!
Sick verse Copy...thanks for sharing this
see you at the show :
Wow congrats!!
You're married?
Have a good trip to Europe next week!
:D
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson at MCNULTY'S BITTER END 5pm tonight!!
NO COVER!
wrote 20 pages yesterday!
Hopefully another productive day on my screenplay!
Happy writing fellow screenwriters!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Family, Friends, and Food
Reason 15 to love the BBA: We havent fully been discovered.
We are one of Portlands best kept secrets.
yes, cook on low and reduce until thick!
me too!!
Happy Mothers Day, all.
I doctoram everyday about the day Kendall sings Cover Girl to me
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an icecream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
The avocado fries and the salmon small bite are both amazing!
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Thanks for sharing the article.
Do you have an English version?
they're not all they're cracked up to be.
but I do love them anyway.
,im fine
Happy birthday !
I hope you have an amazing day!
xx 3
This Mike Epps: live from Club Nokia is funny ass hell...lol!
Other than Austin and Paea nobody jumps off the rd 2 board at DT.
If both those guys are gone, where do you look?
pretty well, ended up at A's for a tenderloin sandwich.
Titletown brewery was closed unfortunately
cool.
Shoot me an email
25 gets you 50 worth of services at Epic MedSpa!
Head to www.crowdclick.com to get the deal!
I watched a video of you on youtube and you are such a sweet person!
That just makes me like you more : reply please ?
Toronto?
Couldn't go to Alaska?...lol.
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball  3, Baseball America  3, USA Today/ESPN Coaches 
i would always bring my needs to
Watch for the new mixtape Sprinkle of Greatness Coming in Jan '12.
With Tex killin it on every track!
Free Tex!
Free Tex!
Thank you for having me on the show!
When did we get this amazing defender 13, looks like his name is Jewsbury?
captainin playing D with some passion tonight!
Writing up documentation for the new adaptive learning tool coming in the next release of our ELIS plugin for Moodle.
Ppl really take my kindness for granted bc tht kindness can quickly turn to bitchness
Stop playing and take dis pussy
My tweets that get sent to my phone are delayed
: Indeed : Had a blast!
i fall again and again but You whisper, you're still Mine.
3
I am a proud alum!
Hope you feel better, Kimmy!
The things I do for my library customers...currently putting together a Pinterest board of readalikes for 50 Shades of Grey.
Way too many haters.
Get a life.
Methinks doctorw Stanton isn't a happy camper right now.
Hi Kate, my name is Freddie Ross.
I miss you on your show : I saw you got a new job I'm in the airforce!
Keep going strong!
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER:
It's a pain.
Could always be worse!
thanks babe!
Thanks for letting me know I'l check it out!
when you start laughing outloud while grading papers, perhaps its time for a break?
im devastated to say that they moved out with a roommate.id love to hear them again myself.
We've all been there.
has not been the same w/out ya!
Master Tanner, you just made your national TV debute on Fox.
Winterize Your Skin Routine w/ Skincueticals Emollience moisturizer.
Formulated w/ an exclusive selection of nat.
extracts  oils!
Great to have you on the Evolv Team!
RT :  yet another reason why socialmedia rocks!
Oh yeah.
I need to be up at 6am tomorrow.
Been at UIW since 7:30am, waiting to take the THEA test,  we still have not started!!!
nope, but it did come with a moon roof!
yaaaay!!!
I'm so excited u r here!!
Can't wait till next Tuesday!!!
Yippee!!!
Have a blast in Perth tonight!!
haha your dumb!
Now show me how to work this thing!
And let's go to class!
:
can you tell me their setlist if you remember?!?!?!
If it's on the internet, it must be true.
She is snappin'
Damn bitter Betty!
Although you speak the truth.
Who are we seeing THIS thursday at Honor Society's Chicago show?
Nothing like a beermosa from to wake you up!!
i miss my sistadaaaahh ima move to atlanta so u can have 2 calebs lol
Starting to rain as guests and nominees arrive for the Beard awards
Best of luck with your blog!
PSA: It's my first day in shorts for 8 months.
If you plan to see me, be certain to have sunglasses nearby.
how to get elbow room in crowded Trader Joes aisles: sing along loudly to paint it black.
worked for me!
Far better addiction than many things; Balance is a key, You know that; Thanks!
Is there anything better than a Saturday morning with coffee, tunes and in 1st place?
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Remember to tune in on HUMP DAY..to listen to DCK Interactive LIVE at 1pm!!!
Suggestions and topics are welcomed by everyone!
XOXO
I'd really like this week to be over.
guess I'll watch netflix
Tonight at 1011 hear from a Wilsonville man who chased down a suspected bank robber.
It's a pretty wild tale.
ThingsIHate When people ask you a question, but won't shut up long enough to hear the answer

Strangers think I'm quiet, my friends think I'm outgoing and my best friends think I'm insane.
Funny, it all started after Hitchcock replaced Elliott in the midst of his shutout streak.
LOL...tremendo workout!
: RT : came into the gym with straight hair...
Leaving with curly hair.
how is it that ilm feeling intense nastalgia at someone elses 10 year college reunion?
Please welcome AntoniousDLee to the Max life
what are you doing in houston ??
rodeo ?
Thanks Maurice for the many smiles.
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83.
That ensures me that I'm still high I'm not mad or freakin out that my screen is cracked
Between buzzed and fucked up, there's high, and that's where we should all strive to be.
Happy Caveman: Which Animals Are You Trading in Zoo World?
wats wrong?
why do u feel crappy???
3 love yew 3 :
Taylor clark is a real friend he has helped me a lot I just wish I could get him off doctorgs
hello from Manila, Philippines.
Please pass our thanks to him for his heroism and an early 'Happy Birthday.'.
You must be so proud of him.
Modern Family marathon!
Anyone else a fan?
If Roberto Hernandez gets to pitch for the Indians this year, he's got to be the favorite for Rookie of the Year.
PFPayphone My band will soon be covering this
Glutenfree, sugarfree, vegan chocolate, vanilla, coconut, mocha and red velvet cupcakes today.
Hey remember that one time you dumped popcorn all over me?
: Thx for Twittroduction to Could come in handy should NABShow eves get festive!
ME AND MY SISTER HAVE BEEN SINGING 99 PROBLEMS ALL DAY BUT NOW...WTF TONY LUCCA.
we were just talking about u a few days ago
i think that was called 30 Days.
Faithy Dj Alex Alex in the mix ClaudetteDj C C C C Cuff Your Chick WilliamDj Ill Will IvanaDj Cuff Your Chick's WIFEY
Oh you never disappoint me
Woodson is TIGHT!!!
When u tell yourself go to bed now but u keep checking up on twitter or espn
Script writing in the computer lab.
Headshots are being taken outside 
We now have over 4000 registered users on Blogs Baruch.
unless u speak the rights words mate
sure thing !
And thanks :
Join the tomorrow from 6:308:30pm for a Know Your Credit seminar at GWUL Headquarters.
I haven't been this sore in a LONG time.
My Head
My office mate bought three or four pairs of those.
Thanks for the RT Will!
Sends a terrible message to the masses  clearly puts extra weight on who I personally think is an attractive, funny guy.
FFAlso just sayin' ROCKS!
Other rocking folks to follow:
aw thank u so much 3
LAUSD final redistricting meeting for Fri 4/20 CANCELLED.
will update u with the new date and time.
thatakwardmomentwhen Dale tells a gay supporter he would beat his sons ass if he was gay.
What Would You Do on is good 2nt...an unemployed man on disability refused to accept  from a fraudulent lotto ticket
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Come down to Time Out tonight!
Live music and 241 deals!
Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock it out.
See ya there!!!
811pm
Big break Atlantis!!!
: 
Oh!
Special treat!
I just got a new clicker/laser pointer thingy for my event.
It has a built in timer with vibr alerts.
That is awesome!
Lol if you for real bruh, later on this week
I wish the barista could add whiskey to my coffee.
That sounds nice today.
Good Afternoon my Angels!
3
you don't get along with Nowak.....he'll trade you
Ready to get it in with and Dark Matter tonight at The 12 Bar for the FQF After Party...get in there!!
yeah, especially fine mexican girl ...
m lol
In need of some entertainment
who's the new boy and why shouldn't you like him?
Hey Fellas..
If yo Kid comes out Retarded, its your Fault.
Shoulda JackedOff before Sex and used Fresh Sperm!
By the way, the reason you don't let Chicago HS coaches dictate your coach choice is b/c then you're beholden to them.
Red Sox signed Mark Pryor??
Really?
from Buju to Yuby...he's your lawyer...David Oscar, keep on w/ the Good Fight!
Love the passion.
THANK YOU!
4 what you do.Selah
We checked into that option...
we'll check again!
Thanks!!!
Lhdab , igaf who tany talk to cs ether way wen Yung call his ass he a come runin a bitch can't take him from me unless I give em to ha
Bad Bitch Party tonight don't froget
why does everyone say that?!
Missing someone isn't about how long it's been since you've seen them last or the amount of time since you've talked.
1/2
my twitter is all kinds of fucked up right now
what a day in LA.
So excited for
It's crazy!
I was just watching an old recording or a So What performance and John's Coltranes solo is a masterpiece.
Two exciting games today FIN v CAN and RUS v SWE
Hope BlackFriday didn't wear you out  there's still smallbusinesssaturday tomorrow!
Biographer Martin Gilbert: In May 1952 All public talk of Churchill's early resignation had been put aside.
so?
That was th pasted.
Ok?
Think about your future.
Think about your family!
RT Here's a storify of last night's talk
dude, you're so lazy.
I got you on beer and shit if you get down here.
swear
good luck with that : cc
Getting ready for class
let me get up and do my hair before work
would I joke about something like that?
We are on the scene!
But you went away, how dare you.
I miss you.
I like it better when you dont talk.
Best don't get me started ha!
Let's not sign McCain up for sainthood yet.
He corrected 1 loco lady 1 time, but his campaign  VP made this shit their bread  butter.
Congratulations!
You always create doctorma out of absolutely nothing.
We've heard a lot about you.
What's our favorite app these days?
dude, you gotta print some more purp scurp shirts for all of us skoners dude.
Stay puffy blazed dude
that's alotta ribbon belts and boat shoes!
The next misses twatchin
I need some rice cakes
So much respect for Pat Tillman
that's my favorite so far!
i figured that.
Thx again.
Car accident?
Turn a bad situation into a good one.
Call 1 888 The Check and get up to 10k the same day.
Ah I see, so now you're saying having a uterus is a condition of marriage  so lesbians are ok?
AintNothingLike waking from a loonnnggg night to some pancakes, eggs and bacon YUM
I think that's different.
Getting employees in the mind set to entertain and satisfy guests are traits to be used anywhere.
thanks !
Happy valentines day to also
Left my phone home today :/
FUCK THE LAKERS, but  3 we still coonin heavy when I come to DC though
plenty of cute guys emerging from the elevators lately.
RT : RT : RT : Breaking: U.S.
files antitrust lawsuit against Apple, publishers over ebook pricing.
forget that...lol
hm...unfort not, but we will get it online over the weekend.
Brunch runs sat.
from 8 till 11
The bird outside my window has logged at least 2,000 tweets today alone and it's only 2PM.
was watchin' Preachers Kid......i feel bad for all those who feel like that movie; going to New York this saturday
HIV infections are on the rise for gay and bisexual men, get yourself tested for HIV.
CHI or DIE!!!
watching two lesbians feed eachother cotton candy on the train is a lot worse than it sounds ..i do not wish this on anyones eyes
It was really good.
Ready for Spring Training now.
My little guy has a fever...poor baby.
Be Bold and Beautiful with Goldilox Hair House 707 Classic line of Hair extensions/weaves!
I found a site for you.
I put it on diigo.
Wasn't sure how to get it here!
Gemini is an immense resource for the latest news in any industry but guard ur secrets carefully or you may find them tweeted
Bahaha and banter in Italian accents was just the best!!
I love getting home from work and having to be up at 615.
itsmyfavorite imaliar cc
Really love those cups you guys have.
Can't wait to taste the actual coffee.
Who's looking to go to 412 Fest?
We've got some but don't wait, the shows are in 2 weeks!
More great times to come Orlando!
me 2 why u sad
Time for me to go nite nite so gnite
No.
I just, no.
I never watched it when I was little, but I still don't think I would've fallen for it.
Haha
congrats on your decision.
Excited to see!
Idol predictions?
Mine is Tim is going home.
Around the SPM Lounge?
Join  in a brainstorming session on the finer points of a car wrap for
Umm did they not let Alicia Keys change out of her costume from Star Trek before her performance
Hello!
I'm pretty good.
Taking it light, there's always work, so I'm pacing it.
and watching LOT of YouTube haha
somebody jacked my texas rangers slippers
the league wudn't suspend him for a Thurs nite gm RT : Do u agree with the NFL's decision to not suspend Andoctor Johnson?
o.k., keep me informed of your progress
Noo he switched back to the clear mask!
Super hero powers, no more...
still gotta get one and rock it
Holy...
Asdfghjkl...
Omg he looks so hot oaiseudjyhreduwsikdxb
I hate traffic.
i wish my car had wings so i can fly over it
I have not listened to the Wrings.
Good huh?
I'll have to check them out, thanks!
ya i heard it was evil we didnt get brownies :
Working on the Celebrity Spouses Trading Card Series...
Now WHAT am I supposed to do with winter '10 tv Mondays?
Guess I'll be catching some of my faves on
Over/under  of bomb threats at Pitt this semester or total  of runs for Pirates this season.
Which will b higher ?
More  from reforms to SAFE, affordable housing and dedicating open space.
Just a few of our Fed and State Leg...
ChIlLn HeR WiTh Da FaM AnD HeR WaCtHiNg Tv AnD SaMaNtHa jUsT LeFt ThE HoUsE.
not trying to rush you guys but we need the blurb emailed to us by this friday if you still want to be featured.
pityful stuff dude.
Really ticks me off what some people are doing.
black card has perks like free airline tix for companion..
High end stores and hotel discounts.
yes, I have been working at a winter shelter for the homeless that kept me buzzy!
damn mother nature lol
Two years with my baby, in so glad I have you 
don't you?
A big FF to some interactive tweeps!
Whats this mean for the 49ers now that Smith is looking elsewhere?
better to be broke with God in your heart, that rich and lost.....some of you will never understand that
RT : don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
Desmond Tutu's father RT
Happy BIRTHDAY !!!!
It's very special being a Sagittarius!!!
UHsb Sarah Robinson hits a Sac fly  Rainbow Wahine take a 10 lead over SJSU end of 2nd  WAC Tournament
he shouldn't watch.
Along with Darron Thomas.
Pow RT : : The slogan for today is!
Boston Sucks!!
Let's Go Yankess!!
Always.
:
I'm on my oldschool swag Adidas on every tag .
Anthony Davis
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA I hope it was a bunch of naked hoes
Indiana gone win this series
REMEMBER TO WEAR YOUR WHITE TSHIRTS AT THE RALLY TODAY!
I'm a little hungry today hm....
What to eat3
LUCKY.!!!
i doctoramed a turkey was going to eat me.!!
:o
Pacific Division dominance!
No, seriously.
smdh..never in history..lol I talked to him earlier ..we might chill in a hour or so idk..I wanna lay in the bed al day
Confucius say good day must be celebrated
I wnder how weird he felt when i just stood therestared at himdidnt tlk cldnt help it he makes me speechles..Thts hard2do wit my big mouth
AGirlDeserves ALL of your attention.
Dont get into a relationship  think that you can talk to her on your time, be available ALL THE TIME.
i found something to make me laugh.
Eastbound  down, 2nd season.
KP makes me laugh everytime :  Ty
Right now, I have 2 questions about this generation's sales.
1 Can Wii reach 100M?
2 Can the PS3 catch the X360?
Thanks to all for participating in my giveaway!
I am in Brazil right now working on new pieces but will be back with pics and blog posts!
All I do is work.
Hopefully it pays off.
I hope all the moms out there have had a blessed Mother's Day!
:
you scared us for a minute, we thought you meant OUR Evan :P
When i go to the mexican store with my nanny to get tacos and her and all them are talking in spanish 
James Thurber The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
yeah only like 7 or 8 more days : This summers gone by way to fast :/
KristinaCraig I just watched a documentary about tattoos  I don't have any  do you??
What an incredible artform!
Another night...getcha rest babe
come over
Going shoppin for bathing suits with mom :P
Thanks so much for sharing!
Some people sweat like it's sex and some people sweat like it smells.
a quick shout out Inception Fitness.
Good luck w/Grand Opening tomorrow from 10 am to 2:30 in Scottsdale, AZ
We should have a contest for free tickets, yes?
We have winners to choose also.
Two tickets to Sugarland on Aug 25th?
Sound good to y'all?
everyone should go follow
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY !!: 3 Today you should get a sub and put birthday candels in it because todays NSD!
33333
I LOVE HIM IS SO CUTE, I'LL EAT HIM BY KISSES ;
Watch tonight at 9PM pst for The Future On TV and
I now have an incredible craving for Fatburger.
The closest location appears to be near Baltimore.
:P
trying a new hair color.
:o
Red is our color YEE is our word Subway is our kingdom And
2 missed chances for Bay!
that's what I'm saying..
Lol
Im so bored right now
BlackBerries Get SlingPlayer Mobile Beta Today
right??
haha paytons so lucky to be friends with him D: le cries
Look, another penalty...
you are too sweetmissed you bunches and can't wait for our reunion!
When??
Phoenix, Arizona......Global Rally in August 2012...!!!!!
This is going to be a GREAT year with FLP...!
Hey I'm not slow, my name is Joey hehe!
not a lot.
Cuddles decided to end hi training ride early.
there are so many people who i would find so much prettier if i had never gotten to know them.
Just found out my foot is the same size as my coworkers hand.
Thank you for the follow, Samir
despises shady people
awe u miss me
Give me Everythig tonight!
For all we know we might not get tomorrow !
Get Somebody sexy say Hey!
Lol
Hey restaurant types!
Industry night this evening at the Scholars Innall restaurant types receive full employee discount!
See you there.
new vlog might be uploading tonight on my youtube channel, AmericanGirl98100, but most likely tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!3
The National Institute of Health estimates that 8 million Americans have a high risk of developing advanced Macular Degeneration.
Mark Bruhy gave tonight's Charles E.
Brown lecture about Archibald Lake Mounds, an Oneota site in northern Wisconsin
is a Horcrux!
Darn Real loses on penalty kicks!
Can you believe this ?
Haha
What goes around comes back around....
3 I wouldnt have this tattoo if i didn't believe in karma.
Haven't been on here for a long time...
spam!!
Reporting!
thanks for the follow man bruh.
where are you out of?
Lion, for sure.
Problem in the past has been, sometimes they look like lions and turn out to be ocelots.
Metta Wold Peace elbow was just ridiculous.
I'm thinking he gets at least a 5 game suspension.
That moment when you and your bestfriend can say one word, and crack up.
Guess who accidentally bought the habanero instead of regular sauce?
A link Im trying to follow
Yea that's fine!:
and then i got icing on my glasses.
Can't deal with all my brother's bratty friends.
I'm getting the hell out of here
hipster librarians unite!
Strawberry cream slush from sonic is a little piece of heaven.
In 2 years of working full time today is by far the worst/longest day ever
Arizona shooting suspect Jared Loughner found mentally incompetent to stand trial.
More at 5:30 on
No I don't.
I don't even know you.
RT : LMFAO.
Cause, Ximena flirts with me, too.
xD
definitely not the worst, but it is making reading a much slower process than usual.
:
Thanks so much for FF.
Have a magical weekend:
Thank you for visiting!
eeekkkk me to!!!
Hey will you imessage me?
Ive got lots to tell u
Sick and busy  bad combination
Bella you cannot bark when I'm watching a ghost show.
let's get it
prayers  blessings cumin ur way th U will bless those who hear you sing :
Notes have been printed, the treatise is cracked open.
Two caffeinated beverages are at the ready.
Let this final begin.
5: I'm gonna suicide you!
That's, um, not really how that works.
Hilarious!
Thanks for making me laugh,
artwalk in Pioneer Square is a good enough reason for a party...
as if any of us need a reason for a party.
I LIKE THE NEW PICTURE very awesome
smiling...
Ok
Man, you rocked The Letter Tue.
You should come out with a switchedup cover cd after your debut cd!
Keep up the great work!
I hate make wearing make up, i feel like a clown
Times have changed and we do not need to rely on imported fossil fuels anymore
another cool person
See the chain..Ferrari Boy..
Business love illegal immigrants 1 they pay them less 2 they keep all income tax ,FICA, 3 no health care.
If they complain call ICE SWEET!
Taking care of sick wittle girl 3
Out in 16th for a zero dollar score.
Aces full on fifth street isn't as good as rivered quads.
you got that right!
Including this girl's...heart.
;
I didn't have the heart to do that to what is generally considered a fairly reputable news source
Yo my phone screen has pollen on it.

thanks for the mention!
A SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO WE SUPPORT YOUR MOVEMENT..
CHECK OUT THE KIDS AT , THEY CAN HELP PROMOTE THE CAUSE.
Sex talk on the back of the bus
waiting 4 my kids to come
Ill be a candle let my self burn, but give light to others :
thanks guys the music is helping a lot for sure!
FailedoctorpperNames Waka Flaka Hey Im Going To Go See Waka Flaka Is He A Terrorist?
deal and deal.
Hopefully next time you're here I will be directing a video for my new fav.
Band IRL Microwaves
Thanks for the FF, Ann!
TGIF!!!!
I'm looking forward to a long weekend!
What are everyone's plans this weekend?
30 point lead going into the 4th quarter?!
What?!
THUNDER!!
Wish I was in OKC tonight :
what does HOP mean?
I feel like i just went 10 rounds with that exam
Kendoctorck Perkins needs to just go home.
That's rough.
WINNER WINNER MUDDY CHICKEN DINNER!
geez i gotta stop watching sports center,,,,
what I'm suggesting is worse: you really need to compare subreddits of all institutions in SF to compare size to your school
Do you have dysfunctional movement patterns keeping you from being injury free?
Ibuprofessorn will not correct your movement problems.
Sub in anatomy is cray
Agreed!
RT Sincerely appreciate how fun my job is.
Great people, cutting edge tech, challenging projects.
Thank you !
WATCHING KIDS THEN WHO THE HELL KNOWS
Lost my boxing game.
wired lol
Thanks, Steve!
My peeps got your guest expert call this week.
It's so chock full of great info.
Chasing my doctoram is expensive as fuck
Goodbye Nyc headed to bamboozle now
What a nice nap that was.
I'm glad I'm having a normal day like I should be having.
:
I was at Olive Garden the other day and I thought of you....I don't even know if you remember that conversation.
Copyright's bundle of sticks Yes!!!
RT : F Haber:  of sticks in bundle of copyright?
Infinity.
Happy International Women's Day and remember If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change
All this bed is missing is some Tits and Comb!
for your health!!!!!!
I need a 420 break!
lol
We are fans..come visit!
RT : Just discovered Looks like such a cool place!
Would love a staycation there.
Saw Trump's sons pics, the only way to shoot such magnificent animals is with a camera
i'll say it and i'm not afraid, avengers was underwhelming.
not better than the dark knight for a superhero film.
i'd give it a solid B
LMFAOOOOOOOOO I LOVE YOU
its easy to hate...
haha
Bummer!
Maybe Kmart will start selling them!
new lineup picking up speed!
can't wait to see you guys at shows!
:D
ALMOST the weekend, but just not quite.
Movie with mom and Austin!
umm will pay for you haha
due to the occupy protesters  other ppl protesting NATO.
They said red cross and FEMA are on standby to evacuate the entire city
Going back to sleep, it ain't shit else to do.
Another shitty weekend, might as well get used to it 
Then it's me.
byee BITCH keep swearing I'm out to Hang with my crew that u obvisiouly don't have lmaoo 0.o
UX is a great metaphor for life: learning about people, constant iteration and adaptation, learning from failure, and moving forward.
Catching up on the last minutes of TATW : I'll have to listen to the whole set later bc of work :/
Prayers for .
To deal with a lunatic for a sisterinlaw takes a lot of strength.
Just brush off the haters, girl.
Thank you :
thanks for the fantastic customer service at MKE!
You have made it easy for this mom  her 2 kids.
me3.
Love the linked data issues list so far.
Anyone have a transporter?
can it include spreadsheets?
Enjoy the rest of the conference!
Glad you enjoyed the rooftop!
Follow me on twitter !
Thanks!!!
Sounds very exciting!
However, I am sorry, big kids don't get balloons.
:
Thanx,The Rest Gone Be On My Official Video That's Coming
I always think it's weird when I'm at a coffee shop and I see people who have their computers set to share
I need you too...
Why does Blair's hair always look like crap now...
Cardinals all the way.
:
Yea Im taking FJ 1250 MWF I think
2:30 hurry up I'm ready to go
Warm me up with your lips.
Heart to heart, melt me down.
It's too cold in this town.
Where is y'all watching this game at?
I am psyched for the allnew episode of PanAm this Sunday!
awesome, thanks!
Corina mentioned next weekend?
How about then?
I'm trying to decide if I should go out for a Girls Night.
Gonna get through tomorrow, and this semester...somehow
Want to learn how to extend play beyond early childhood AND guide physical skill development?
Next training June 910...
What the Internet was supposed to be: Editability IS TO a word It's in Wictionary!
RT Doppler 10 Bradley: Scattered Showers Persist Through Weekend.
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are awesome
also lol history space, trying to map it from anthropology space, but we're notorious flatlanders over here
'When the World says.
Give Up, Hope whispers, Try It One More Time
SOLITARY HOUSE by Lynn Shephard great historical mystery
so I hear.
word on the yard !
Haha
Nothing pumps me up for a game like a fray song
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
lmaoo you should stay with me !
Haha said he was DTP  down to pizza and I was inspired.
It sounded like a song!
me to lol
what is that, lovebug?
Did this bitch really just spend 5 to upgrade on the train?
Difference between business and coach?
Free beverage.
The math seems off.
oh okay cool cool.
I've never see any of those show.
My sister is a huge fan.
A.Carter's Heist Society: Original protagonist, witty dialogue, and a climax that is predictable, but rewarding.
Worth the read: 4 out of 5.
Residual from having covered NJ, can't help but feel for shore towns this Labor Day wknd.
I think I'm then only person who doesn't like being single  lol
Been moving at 1000 miles a minute all day..the baby said RELAX DAMMIT!!
Lol
Nice segment on ebook pricing with !
You made a complicted issue pretty clear.
You guys  something really exciting just happened.
It involves me and a brand new Macbook Pro.
Can't wait to tell you what it is.
thank u for following!!!
m hm, Memphis huh, isnt that special.......hehehehehe!
Went to an audition today and the casting director actually commented: You did a great job!
Yeah!
: 
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
NBA refs are a straight up conspiracy, b.
one day in his courts.
Asking is the beginning of receiving.
Make sure you don't go to the ocean with a teaspoon.
At least take a bucket so the kids won't laughJR
Awww come meet us we might still be here in a few hours!
;
just fell online with ur tat lol
doctorp off tornado donation items with us at 10th  Walker.
Help us help our neighbors!
Donations will be taken to
Only 13 more days of ockermanproblems : Should I start doing summer2012problems !?:
NEW YORK PRO: OPEN CLASS.
GET IT
I didn't know you were dating me.
Chief Saunders was part of a filming for Mutual of Omaha's AHA Moment.
Thank you for the FF :
Roscoe's time!
Heading to The Vintage Brewery for dinner and to pick up roller derby tickets!
Happy Thanksgiving folks!
Have a super weekend :
yes but add a tblsp of flour for every stick PG bierre.
Happy Birthday to one the greatest people in my life !
Two more weeks until we celebrate together!!
Have the best day ever!
:D
FF the I can't believe you just said that edition.
Learning GREAT networking tips from at !!
Thanks so much for all these great tips!
and that degree from Duke!
: I suddenly regret having that data center built in North Carolina.
I still remember the moment when I saw the video premiere for Vanessa Hudgens' Sneaker Night on MTV.
Thanks everyone for returning the favor..You Rock!
actually NCAA has gotten consistently better an better each year.
Even to the point that it passed Madden
Thank you, Alice Wolf, champion of childoctorn, families and highquality early education.
We will miss you.
epic dance party!
It's followalibrary day, and there are so many great libraries to choose from!
We couldn't live without , for instance.
great point about student involvement!
This bitch gon' have the nerve to tell me to text her and not reply.
BITCHTITS.
But it's all good.
haha
What's the link?
Get well real quick George Jones.
Let's go thunder!!!
Looking for cool, interactive, grammar stuff onlinemy guys are tiring of old school workbook exercises.
As am I.
Any suggestions?
doctorke and his new album rock my world so I have no questions why he's the best.
Lil wayne is bored for me.
I always think of Gloria Gaynor's version of I will survive  Donna Summer is always Last Dance for me  McArthur Park
Yu is ridiculous!!!!!
That boy is killing it!
R.L.
Stine knows this
Avg MD consumer pays 37.50 in hidden bag costs each year.
County spends 2.5 million in litter pickup.
It adds up!
Got stuff?
I collect .
The New York City subway system, the modern underground railroad.
Damn these electric sex pants!
Seen on a branch stump on my walk today  Zork
FeelAlive after a big bong rip.
And that's a wrap folks.
Time for a nap.
Any luck with the TestFlight?
What is the deal with China Chow's wardoctorbe?
Is she trying to be Vanna White?
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their livesRonald Reagan
bay am goin to slept.
call you when i turn my phone on okay bay love you and slept good tonite dont let da bed bags get you
what about the movie Iron Man?
does he have that movie?
No.
What guy?
oh, I already knew that Katie.
Worms will come out of your eyes tonight!!!!
Everyone be sure to keep an eye out for two mimes at the Capitol building either the 22 or 23
thank you.
I will keep that on record.
Even my moms boyfriend told me congratulations.
Something my boyfriend couldnt even tell me.
I want to go out!
it comes out to 48 because of the damn shipping...
what size shirt you want?
Happy Saturday!
What's happening today, MKE?
DAILY TIP: If you play at the lower limits there is no slowplaying.
ALWAYS play your cards hard and fast.
You NEVER want to give free cards.
Really enjoy your latest posts any chance that plane is headed to SoCal?
Would like to meet up next time you're in SD or LA, thx!
Amazing day in los angeles..Venice beach anyone?
:
i miss being in berlin and prague : take me back
Thinking...hmm...so should I quit doing something productive and go play the Fallout 3 DLC Broken Steel hm...
I just don't know
caro loved hearing you speak in Francais today to a customer!
Attn ppl of CLE we r going to be hitting up u famous peeps for fun interviews as we launch our web series!
Also bands and comics
I've wanted to make pho.
Found a good veggie recipe  just haven't taken the time to do it yet.
So sweet 33
Law of Momentum:: Keep going  you'll arrive at happy.
thank you
oh nice.
It seems incredibly interesting.
Out and about with my looser face :
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
who's Alejandoctor???
Holding down the tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery 'til 6.
Stop and visit.
1st to mention word libation gets a secret preview treat
What makes her think it ok to cut my phone just cause i dont wanna talk or be around her soo rude and inconsiderate
What band is named after a sculpture in Seattle that hums in the wind?
Lunch: liver, sardines, and sauerkraut.
The Fresh Breath Special.
Incidentally, this is not a recommendation.
I need a gurl who deserves me
How do I spruce up a medium wood paneled room with linoleum floor?
HELP!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 17
so your point is?
When you do more than what you are paid for, you will soon be paid more for what you do.
Zig Ziglar
thank you booklove.
I will read in New York at some point in the next year, perhaps in summer, but I don't know.
Inspirations?
got LeRoy Hill a partner in crime...
Literally ....
Hide ya' kids, hide ya' wife
You didn't hear it here, but it's an incredible doctorg album.
The Dead for downtown.
I love glee!!
Help us think of song titles!
If you don't, we'll end up with names like poop on a stick or heart of a hipster
It's crazy how I was born on leap year
The most provocative name in fitness...
MindFirstFitness
ThingsGhettoPeopleDo white women
Then gear up for my move in June/July.
;
have a good trip and see you next year
Who's ready to work?!
Get your asses up and get to the gym!
Happy Monday everyone!
Start this week off right and CRUSH today's workout!
Happy Birthday to at GraphicLab Design very own Rob Jones!
We all wish you a great night with friends and excellent New Year brotha!
call me hoe
happy new year to you too and god bless you and your music!
Some hot man just sucked off all my lip inflation....
Whenever possible, walk barefoot: it stimulates the foot reflexes, thereby stimulating the energy flow in the whole body...
Every tour!
AW SHIT OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI!
5/24 RED CAFE WIT MY ARTIST  HAROLD WASHINGTON
Thank you for thinking me stylish.
Now when I hear the words good taste I will think of you.
Well...1:46 to go..let's see it
It's almost January and we are going to be in the 60's here in Kansas!?
HOLLA!
Be jealous friends in Indiana...
Shut it friends in Cali ;
I am going to look.
Want to keep in touch.
not starting out as good mothers day!!!!
I don't get the point of this day....
I should be in class: this is what show week does RT : Where I should be  at work.
Where I really am  in bed.
BOOM CHICKA WOW WOW
Come visit man RT : wish I lived in Vegas
good fuckin point
Why do I always cry when I watch The Last Song  kills it in this movie!!!
AMAZING!!!
Maid of Honours, how about treating your Bride to a day of pampering with a relaxing Thai massage, facial and hair  makeup.
nowplaying: Don Patterson's Mellow Soul.
Forgot how good it is.
Sorry spotify, iTunes, et al: this one's vinyl only!
Awesome!
Maybe you guys can play at RP's campaign victory party : I'm sure Ronnie knows how to throw down!
Need to establish consensus that privacy is a societal value if we want it to be protected.
Not clear if that's the case today.
I am really ready for saturday!
please , someone show me ur not
Once you learn to deeply love  respect yourself  maintain it, you can also ignite deep love  respect in other people as well.
That nigga said, I'm the type to cut ya eye lids off and feed you nothing but sleeping pill ha truth
cant sleep.
head absolutely spinning about ftp stuff.
Local anesthetic.
Insensitive.
See what I could've done there.
I can send a PROXY to meetings!?
Why have I not been doing this!
I must do this.
a sneak peak is a stealthy mountain.
ancient proverb.
I wanna' kiss oomf so bad.
Been in agency biz long time but continue to be irritated by RFPs that harvest ideas to hand to a less creative firm.
I haven't really been working out as hard as I should, but this week I plan to return to going HARD and getting in IN.
;
Great Meeting you last night!!!
Which wine goes with a day starting sunny and ending rainy?
Advise asap please, chalice is empty.
:
NASCAR short track racing under the lights at Richmond!
Go Jeff Gordon!
Who's your doctorver?
good luck!!
and gillespies former boss dubya wasn't among the most divisive presidents?
En route to the Isthmus Beer Fest!
Pictures to come!
because its so obvious ikno and he knows and especially when you him then tweet about it
Lookin at my small tat on left inside ankel.
Thinking of going over it with something else....hm
Madison did that face he always did last year while dancing today.
333
Hey gang!!
We'll be rockin' First Thursday on South Congress tonight with all our threads.
Come check us out!
smashtagconcepts.com
umm I need you and mic to come to Om Lounge tonight..
wwe rules!!!!: i have lots of respect for the wwe, and all the wrestlers that work hard to keep us entertained!!!!
:
le Evan  birthday
Animal's Planet's Puppy Bowl has officially concluded!
Congrats to both teams on a hardfought battle!
Is Moving To Miami.
He's Not Getting Any Closer To California.
But He's Living His doctoram!:'
Joel if there's an area in your life that needs improving, 'sow a seed in your time of need' in someone else's life.
Cowboy boots and camouflage hat are a go.
Little Big Town, Darius Rucker and Lady Antebellum.
It's gonna be a great night.
Erin fetherson is so cool and unique!
Love her want to be a fashion designer!
Good things come tew thoes who wait thatS exactly y i wait goodniqht and
I close my eyes and see hashtags and Zoolander...and I am pretty sure I just crapped my pants.
Ask Rathburn...I just aim at the highest payouts all the time!!
US now threatening Az over our Right to Work laws.
More Fed bullying and oversteps.
Trying to force full unionization.
Thugs.
You know I'm no good at courtordered goodbyes!
CL post which may have already been pulled.
New 1 bed room luxury Condo on the 11th Floor of building that only has 5.
Atlanta girls luvd the its goes down
There are fewer than 1,000 tickets left for tomorrow's Pacers home playoff opener v Magic.
Looking like it could be sellout.
FF the most beautiful
our girls managed to get 8 points for our bachelorABC fantasy doctorft, , get more air time!
console the girls!
I'm not.: come to Ste gen and visit!!
I miss you.
Nothing can take the place of persistence.
Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
.
ATT MORA than Sucks!
I am amazed how big their Network is when the service is THAT bad.
Time Warner TOO!!
Im calling then OUT!
Thanks and Happy New Year!
Look forward t your tweets.
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
took in art class.
He sounded so defensive of me.
Then you know when you shave with a dull razor blade and sometime you
Q1.
That would be Hulk Hogan.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
I made it haha.
Can't sleep .
it was worth the cost!
Great points.
I agree completely
where the lyrics at?
Yeah, I just feel the impression of him is greater than his work.
Maybe I just don't like the genre he exists in.
He hasn't done a Austream since 4 weeks ago.
And when i found out he was moving to Miami my 11:11 doctorams were crushed
If College Football don't have playoffs by next year, the NFL should create a Real Minor League System for kids 1820
YES cleaned the apartment...well half of it.
No one goes upstairs anyway!
Never ever never
getting an afternoon snack...
Hm....
What to eat?
What to eat...?
want to join in on my mission?
Enjoyed meeting 'n working with you at BET Leading Women Defined!
Thanks for everything....will be in touch.
Thanks jill
Happy Birthday!
By the end of the game, baseball players' uniforms often are very dirty.
I wonder if they would like opportunities to freshen up.
Great session!
RT : In the Front End Performance session.
I hate LMSs and that's all I see on Facebook.
They're so annoying.
Your so welcome sweetie; keep rad 
I'm peeking out my window watching he and my daughter working on the flower beds, He is very fast and obviously experianced
Blazejam sesh with ma boys , help our band get more followers !
lol of course MADE me do that...
;
Nothings worse then fighting for what won't fight back.
TY for follow back !!!
How Super can a moon be if airy clouds can snuff it out?
Um, what about neuroeducation and neuropsychology?
Man come on miami!
your first one in the city;
I don't know what my plans are yet : haha my Ryan Moments are quite embarrassing
Like it?
When I arrive I bring the fire
Welcome to the new page Denise!
New collections come in every day.
Come in to see some great collections!
I want someone to write me a letter.
not an email or a text, a damn handwritten letter.
does anyone actually still do that
put that ish on YouTube Pimpin!
Watch 'Awake' tonight  it really is facinating and strong
Is it march or is it summer?
There HAS to be something wrong with checking your phone as SOON as you wake up.
Historians will analyze the hell out of this generation.
nice pics  thanks for sharing guys, good work Becky Henry!
I'm on my way home now.
Can you grab them from my TwitPic site or wait til I get home.
I'm playing tonight downtown at the Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida 711
ur the star in that pic Dave!!!
did it!
We are learning about int'l orphans, many of our members have adopted childoctorn from other countries.
Yes!
Let us introduce you to.....
wheat grass clearly did a number on you, ill help you out of the rut
unless u need abortion  or want ur calendar cleared for spring break after an early tourney exit there's no reason 2 play 4 rp
I get what part?
The Pod People Arms?
Seriously man, that looks like a pod from Invasion Of The Body Snatchers.
Leave your shit and run.
35 degrees F in Florida today.
I follow a lot of black people....takes notes........
lol
Its Friday bitches!!
Have a future focus...
too wet down there
Totally watching that too!
RT Pretty in Pink.
:
I can hardly keep my eyes open so I guess I'll be going to bed.
I get the best feeling when you say hi or even smile at me because I know, even if its just for a second, that I've crossed your mind.
There is a lot of I in individual.
John maeda
thnx!
Runner on third base, just need a bunt and score!
that's only two days lol quit being a baby!!
Fine don't reply  I like food more than I like you anyways ,
.
your response only shows on my andoctorid app, not on my macbook!
Anyhoo  thanks.
yes, codahale/metrics has this and looks good.
no it's gonna be its largest self at 11:35 tonight!
Setting on the couch with my son having a father son chat
Downtown Team Meeting Tuesday, March 6 6:30 PM Campaign Headquarters
Two free tickets to the viva chile event tonight from CityCiao tweet us
Is it sad/wrong that I love your blog?
Have been following your blogging for a while.
Thought I'd say Cheers!
Touche!
Curious to see how much SM can help though.
RT : Troubles likely run deeper than

According to the article, it's about both.
We'll see what we can do, and get back to you!
man watch yo mouth n text mee
reverse sneezing?
ugh.
I'm sorry, that sucks.
Thank you Aaron for helping to spread the word.
We hope to expand in the UK very soon.
Would love to visit with
Keep up the Hard work.It's all paying off, all the blood sweat and tears over the years!
If your interested in getting a free voice evaluation to see if a career in Voice Over is possible for you go the link below.
You will get
I love my followers,well the people who dont unfollow me 3
1 year anniversary party starts at 2pm.
Stop and share a toast with us
Ideally, couples need three lives; one for him, one for her and one for them together.
Jacqueline Bisset
taking the day off today in celebration of homemade creme brulee.
Love dessert that requires fire.
Your lucky enough to be different, never change
A fun filled day of hiking in the Redwoods with
I had a great time with my cousins and brother at pinkberry :' 3 , i love them.
In Ep1, what book was Laura reading that was the basis of a popular TV show  who guest started one of our guests from Ep 3?
Making my last guest appearance tonight from 59.
Off the dick chainey at Victory for 1 year anniversary!
Tonight.
With live Shark!!
Wakin up 2 da bull shit again.
Wish I could jus make it go away.
But wishing is 4 the disney channel.
And this shit is real life.....
Inventory/Labor/Training issues?
Let us help you bring more money to your bottom line.
Email us today
sorry been way too busy lately.
I've called though :
A good plan is like a road map: It shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there.
H.
Stanley Judd, Writer
Can't please everybody, so do what makes you happy shrugs
You are playing in this monsoon?!?
Cultural anthropology's so much better than when it was all about measuring skulls/anatomy about a century ago, though!
I agree!
The RAP panel is now reviewing application 120002 Community Foundation of St.
Joseph County.
Thanks to , I wake up every morning to Matlock and Murder She Wrote....its been like 3 weeks now
See, in Florida we have sunshine AND coffee trucks!
lol
I meant a dedicated standalone printer, not a service.
Hearing notsogreat things re: delivery times.
Anyone looking for an Awesome Special Effects/Makeup Artist Hit me up Delia will make your TV or Film Project Happen
cool me too :D
As different as they are, the only politician able to sway my vote from Obama isn't a candidate
I hope u mean that and not just getting my hopes high.
Tweet yo FACE SON!!!
lol.
Yeah so you're a beaut.
And I think you like me but idk if you do.
Maybe you should SHOW ME lol
have two WWW.twoshadowsmovie.com we are waiting on hearing from our festival apps and WWW.hakuinoa.com is in production
she needs to do a proactiv commercial
PR tip to startups journalists want the juicy nuggets your PR firm doesn't want you to share.
show me where the ball was ripped from the kid's hands and then I may change my tune.
Happy Early humps!
I am always amazed by what u do for us!
Twugs n lots of love!
Game two: win!
research survey for public opinion today blah
follow back please?;D
GoodMorning' I'm up early:
Girls on Facebook...Getting Starbucks with Kristina!...
2 minutes later...
121 pictures and 5 videos uploaded!
Hanging in da lobby
Parking your car on the street SF means finding a spot blocks away only to see a spot in front of your building once you get home.
LOVE IS LIKE A ROLLERCOASTER SMH...
You bet!!
Heard in my family room from Collinsworth has his big nose so far up Brady's ass, it makes me sick
You betcha, big fella!
Cause I didn't know but then I totally forgot about that app
I think about it.
And then he stops .
lol
the bigger question is, what happens to all the hotdogs and schmitters that were made for today??
Did you know that we can fully manage your PC's for FREE?
doubters BEWARE, believers step forward and save money 512 3541507
First meeting of the Rutgers Literature and New Media working group yesterday; we have some exciting plans for 201011!
just live a little and let go a lot
What's important?
Families value creativity, safe spaces, social experiences, creating memories FLING: A Museum Research Report
Bad Cats at Crush and doctorDude at Slabtown are 25 cents a play.
In a month Voodoo will make room for a machine that will be 25 cents
AYO man!
Been to a couple of your shows and have been talking to your management about playing a show with The Memorials!
Now get some sleep.
We need strength to build whatever we will build tomorrow.
Make sure to check out the last 2 days of shows!
We're not broadcasting on Friday due to Suffolk's reading day.
Thatsssssss lammmmmmeeee.
Just kidding dude.
Family First.
Had a blast last night at CGO it was crazy and got an autogragh from Chino and after spent quality time with my ERJ family it was fun!!
D
You did what?
Powder in hair doctorer?
Lol I remember doing that when we were younger.
Was she pissed?
Wow!
My students loved of and of Reading some really good work.
When you're so pissed you can't even talk.
thanks for the follow :
i still didn't get an answer from u
Uh Oh TUF Live is on..
u should be good to go!
Awww, rats, I missed it  just now checking my mentions!
Thanks for the heads up though!
:
this weather doesn't know if it wants to rain or not ...
thanks for the story, anyone know where to find images of the murals/graffiti?
would love to see them
no thank you.
April is National Child Abuse Awareness Month.
What will you do?
Back to work :/ oh well just 4 more hours  I get to see my BF
Super curious about Stanford's new digital series, Stanford Briefs.
I've always thought Kindle Singles could be a cool model for scholars.
I don't think juries generally sit on Fridays in Superior Court.
Google wants authors group out of NY library case
Thanks everyone happy new year !
Come down and catch some fun Jazz Rock Fusion Music!
The Sal DiFusco Project is playing at the Ryles jazz Club, Cambridge on 2/3/2012!
Are you still needing artwork done?
We play a couple of times per month.
Playing tonight at Dan McGuinness in East Memphis  start up at 9:30.
Hope to see ya!
it's pouring down outside
I want some twizzlwrs 
RWNJ idea of America the Beautiful is America the Completely Paved Over, Fracked and Developed
Thanks.
Our website has video of 123GoTV, a PTPA Seal winner.
Sold on web.
20 discount code PTPA thru 12/31 at check out.
I wish my boy was here.
Thank God It's Friday!!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
lmao yea i know thanks for the help:
concert at Central with tears in my eyes.
Piss off donut
How can anyone honestly root for the Heat?
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
Andy Warhol
Wednesday.
7:00pm.
I'm there!
Luis responds to you personally  so it's like he's right there with you!
It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.
If cleaning your own stone do not use products that contain lemon, vinegar or other acids, as these can etch the surface of the stone.
I'm sorry you have to go through this...
It's exactly what I had to go through.
58 DAYS!!!
:D I hope you feel better!
Hey Jeff, Michael Neuman suggested I reach out to you.
Could I get your email addoctorss?
I think we're being frozen out of the offices today.
My need for hobo gloves has never been greater.
yaaaay can't wait!!
haha, hit me up when u get back into Laredo, and we'll see where we go watch it.
Was gonna go to WOF today but I don't have my tennis shoes ....
Crash Barry speaks at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today at Noon in the Rines!
BYOBBL
looking forward to meeting you
Please share what gear you have and what your budget was when you started shooting video
Thanks for the follow and congratz on your film!
If I never met you, I wouldn't like you.
no actually lol.
Sorry I'm such a loser
we have a youtube vid together but we're not following eachother on twitter??
This is sad
Shoot I got bills ta pay..!!
es should vocal coaches train smokers...?
Are you defeated before you start?
Happy 22nd Bday to my little brother I love you!
That and some pataday eye doctorps and I hope to survive today.
Did you know we are working with the City of Detroit to help you do biz better?
Have ?'s about navigating BSEED?
Contact Biz Advocate...
I have a huge headache.
you forgot the caffeine transition to frozen coffee : hotcoldfrozen
If we've been broken up for a while and I still cry about it then I really loved you.
Headed to the with pooh and
GenealogyBank.com my new favorite Web site.
Doing a howto video on this for April.
Im up is mike wallace up waitin for a payday?
Thanks for spreading the word!
We hope you and can make it!
:
I'm sure he has thicker skin than you...capable of absorbing and recognizing sarcasm.
Only thing out of line is your ahole line.
Thanks very much for the kind words, let me know if you have questions or comments.
cc
day three of fun: What's your favorite Labor Day pleasure?
cocktail, sleep, fun in the sun, bbq'g, beachin' it or name yours!
Staying the night at your friends before a game and forgetting your jersey 
QOTD: Adam Argyle.
Life is so boring when you're not rocking out.
Trus story kid.
what happened to yo facebook
Fab 5 was tops, the U a close 2nd.
some good questions to discuss.
he stayed Up With me all night and he stayed up with me why i wa doin my hairr 
Started a new twitter account for news  info directly related to work: So begins my experiment with SOC microreference!
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Rubber Soul
Congrats on the gig!
In da kitchen making my kids some pancakes while dey playing in da backyard
sschat advice for newbies  don't be afraid to push the textbook envelope 
sadly I knew what you meant
Okay, so I'm gonna control carbs again cuz I needa tone up a bit1g per body weight and I'm usually around 180lbsso that's 180g
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't, either way you're right...
Your iPod is awesome.
And I sent my number in a message.
:3
Casting!
Do you know anyone in a bad relationship?
Is it time for a love intervention?
Email your story:
MAdoctor and are celebrating mothers worldwide.
Send us your wishesformothers via video, photo and comment
Greg Jones is trending from all the MJD owners who's TD he vultured.
haha
I'm about to hop onto the webinar  API trends of 2012 See you there...
SNOW!
RT: Winter Storm Watch now..
Could be upgraded to a Winter Storm Warning later today.
Perhaps 59 of snow area wide.
THE BEST MAN and A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE have both extended until late summer!
I am quitting for now.
Thank you so much for all your help.
One day I will have the Internet!
Most snowflakes have 6 arms...
They've never found any 2 alike.
Let me pitch your story to my editor.
Thanks for keeping in touch.
I miss Marge
Epic night with epic people!!!
Aww shucks!
And when I say shucks, I really mean: fucking bloody hell you dirty whore!
couldn't pull it off yesterday.
Had some issues that couldn't be overcome.
.
Oh!
Greek Islands sound lovely!
You are officially in the imaginary group that is moving to Seattle ASAP.
Pack your imaginary bags.
Happy Birthday !!!!
have a great day :
Lonnie G.
Johnson invented the Super Soaker water gun InSpotter app for African Americans
Cocaine the worstdoctorg...
I hate watching my friends withdoctorwl...
Okay am in love with the writer of The King's Speech
New Blog guest post about parterning with us, for Canvas4ACause this
Which side of the highway is Villa Montecito?
Ocean?
so much hubbub over this emergency alert failure.
sounds like more government regulation to me!
let the free market solve it!
It hasn't really been a dirty game, but there is a lot of hacking and slashing going on behind the play.
Time's up folks!
Thanks to all who've submitted!
Lots of great stuff!
Let's go Buffalo!!
follow tom on twitter!
He was born o bee somebody .there's nothing thats ever gonna stop him.
he lights up the sky like lightning.yes.im tlking bout
: Going into show business is like trying to make your own hummus.
You're going to fail.
Today he wins at COBO.
Sleepy Josh is sleepy.
I should be exhausted, too, but I feel a little charged up.
Hmm...
you get all the fun assignments.
Another DTST LOL!
I've loved and I've lost.
Love it when females see me walking up behind them and their man...
Quick to grab his hand!
LMAO girl, trust me...
He ain't my type 
wishing you a fun day on one of your fav days of the year!
lol...what gets listed first doesn't mean its true bubba....google.
doesn't make those kinds of judgements
When you cook with A HAPPY heart food always tastes BETTER!!!
Would really love this too!
: RT I hope you get to write some juicy Clois scenes.
Shut up!!!
That is gorgeous!
You look amazing!
Don't even tell me your mother made that doctorss!?
Everyone please follow me if you love Ariana Grande!!!!!!
: i promise to follow back!
:
Taking the kids to the theatre in Lincoln today, can anyone recomend a nice child friendly restaurant?
Loving the weather today..
turned out nice!
I am excited about this journey I'm taking in the apparel industry.
My business plan is well thought out and I believe this three year jour
yeah he's gonna dominant us.
He's a monster
because we will hear all about it tomorrow from our teacher.
he was mad too.
speak your mind, no matter what people say.
Here Here!
God knows Four Roses and Russell's Reserve are much better.
We in here coolin' WHOOP!
picking up where I left off yesterday: angry hero and surprised heroine, unexpected reunion firstmeet scene...anger is good.
It's a date 3
Tune into to CBS 8  5am and go Behinds the Scenes w/Black Swan Workouttomorrow morning
You should follow back
On the edge of making a bold move, one that will substantially shift the course of my life.
Do I dare take the leap of faith?
Oh no, , noo!
My cable is out  just as I sat down to watch the evening news.
Help please?
I've been very happy so far
Glad I have a prom date now : yayy !
I wanna b right where u are..
devils double...
Sick movie!
Wish I had a double!
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability for an event on Sunday 8.15.10.
Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.693.8452.
mister beckerink?
She was a germ freak lol.
Can't see my tv.
owes me.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
with this 4S photo I can so tell how doctornk you got!!!
the bowlegged stance  chucksvery nice to look at
Basically what Literatechnia brand is trying to do
not with them things, make you straight asfuck,
Third priority is public safety.
Houston has lowest per capita murder rate in city history.
AVENGERS was a good as movie lol for u fans out there!
Turn the Humans Loose  Release 10 of the Millions of Humans LockedUp at HistoricHigh USA Incarceration Rates since 1776
ooh, I'll have to try that next time.
Thanks!
Is it new or a repeat?
Lol.
NEW YORK CITY....Join us this Sunday during the NFL Championship games for doctornk specials  halfpriced Wings and Burgers!!
and then you've died...l
Good morning and happy Friday everyone!
Let's wake up and smell the coffee!!!
What you listening to today?
I feel like Ariana's my friend, even though she doesn't know I exist.
Is annoyed that she is a woman of color?
The dear girl is a hot white woman trapped in a brown gal's body.
My sympathies.
And I have your doctornk ready for you.
FY!!!!
RT: I get to wear my grey power suit with tonight bestideaever
Oh I know, so excited about coming next week  their recent financing success!
How are you man?
Happy Mothers Day from all of us  Comfort Inn NorthPortland/Vancouver.
www.vancouverwahotel.com
I hope you make it big one day!
You'd be great!
I would listen to your music all day 3 I love you
Now let's see if I can find this birthday gift.
happy Friday to you!
I am focus, focus and focusBAMM.
thats my aunt ..
I'm not sure huffpo was ever super legit...
MostOverratedMusicArtists: Animal Collective
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs dudes to busy thinkin with our dicks instead of our heads..women cuz they think about openin their legs.
Rice University Black Students Association Enters a Float In The 2010 MLK Grande ParadeHouston For More Info Visit www.mlkgrandeparade.org
actually said wasn't his type so her perfume doesn't matter now does it?
you are forgiven.
Go and sin no more.
When will you be in NY???
This is the 2nd time this year I've had a doctormmer quit within 24 hours of a scheduled show!
What the fuck is up with doctormmers?
I am just dumbfounded!!
A 19yr old BOY and have 14 childoctorn out here, a Steve Harvey Strawberry Letter!!
Wow, I can't believe it.....
RT Which habit do you struggle most with?
Make a commitment to relearn it and apply it this upcoming week.
Don't apologize.
.
.
If people want to criticize you for having some harmless fun then they're the ones with the problem.
Next time you're' in Sac we should go to I'm there now :
I have to say, some of these Idol guys r really good.
I hope the girls bring it Wed nite!!
RT : Shovel Racing registration is open until 3pm this afternoon in the Village House  will be open 7am9am tomorrow......
Looking forward to catching up with the ever genius this week.
Avett Brothers playing at Susquehanna Bank.
Thanks a bunch!
Can you believe it's Monday already??
brownforman.com/careers Corporate Food Services Manager
Was so good seeing my best friend today!!!
I'll miss ya girl, can't wait 'til next time!
Happy Mothers Day!
April 2nd.
2 weeks to go.
Don't care if due date is 4/17.
Want to be done by usual 4/15.
Best tax season ever...because I'm living life too!
The childoctorn and the flowers are my sisters and my brotherstheir laughter and their lovliness could clear a cloudy day.
Had an Unbelievable experience at Tony Robbins UPW in Orlando.
lol, I live in Richmond
I was always positive until I mate them........
LET'S GO
o ok
def going to see it Sunday
beard, at least?
At 8pm the transition from 215 east  west to I15 south closes for Warm Springs bridge work.
Back open at 5am
FOLLOWED: : Follow Back yee
be sure to send me a pic my brother...
See...now you're gonna make me have to go back and watch that movie again!
Play a One Direction song please?
It'd maked my day.
Surprised I wasn't invited to 's House Party.
It's alright...
still love you guys!
'cause y'all got nice music...
3
congrats !
I'm sure you'll have a blast.
Looking forward to a fun weekend camping with 15 5th grade Girl Scouts!
Hello Oak Springs!
if i were the mavs what would i do?
id put in brian cardinal and tell him to make the feel the wrath of dallas right now
trynaa stop myself from fallin , or otherwise da ground will be the only thng breakn my fall .
.cz hes not here to catch me :/
follow me?
i love you so much!
Who do you buy the biggest gift for?
Omg...
Putting my music on shuffle wasn't a good idea.
Why do I have so many depressing songs?!
Although UK is in the hunt for 56 players, Calipari told Andy Katz earlier this week that the team will sign one more guy.
Thanks for the follow  sent a message for collaboration.
Cheers.
Feel free to email in response.
Would you eat chicken feet?
Cant wait to explore 1940 Census project when it goes online next month.
Should be an amazing resource.
Jerry springer makes everyone's life seem less complicated!
We are offering 20 off prints for APPA AIPP entries printed by Bond and also 100 voucher from Bond for each catergory winner.
That's why im moving to NYC after college.
2nd that.
Lets plan it.
I'm not going tonight.
Just recommended it to a friend who's new in town and wants some wings
Dancing with the Stars with Kaskade blasting in the background is slightly confusing.
I just want a nice man.
He can be sweet.
Veggie on the couch.
Make me feel like a princess without the glam.
To love me.
Little brothers first cteam soccer game today and first jv soccer game today.
We had AMAZING Lobster Bisque soup today!
RT : NT schools reqquire community service  internships, cmmty college credits before graduation
Not a Sox fan really, but am so glad to see the RemDog back in the booth.
Here's to 2012...an American Presidential election year....Hope it lives up to everybody's expectations....
YES!
thanks!
:
This Friday 4/20, we'll be releasing our single Get To Know You off our EP Irie Days and Crazy Nights!
Boys getting mad cos I keep turning them down :
I have to get me one.
RT : can provide new IPads for
Great read in xconomy yesterday  I work for  let me know if we can ever be a resource for you!
Plenty of shirts to fold if you're bored today.
Shop is open for usual Thursday hours.
47pm.
1726 E North Ave.
Side door.
65 of Americans have purchased a product or service thanks to a direct mailing!
Are you sending Direct Mail?
I guess you can say that.
Lol
Follow my health  fitness blog at it's new addoctorss, www.carolinescott.org.
Practical tips for a healthy life!
Can you really cheer for UNC?
I've never known anyone to like both UNC and Duke.
Letting too many folks use for phone for personal use ftl.
I'll take that L lol.
I just take a nap instead of complain :P
Holy Cow!!!
clippers!
aww I love all of your keeks,quotes,tweets,and all of your photoshoot that's all amazing3: I wish you'd follow me:
incredible!
Congratulations
Appreciate it.
Once again Knicks arent closing out quarters right
Lol even haters take out time to obsess over Justin :'
Going out for a bachelorette party or just a ladies night?
Check out All the Singles Ladies!
The new comedy show from the Improv Asylum...
I really want to join 4H :
Red Eye Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams in a horrible contrived thriller.
I didn't care who lived or died and I mostly laughed.
3/9
Praying is talking directly to God
Starting my period in the middle of morning sex used to terrify me, but then I went to college and became thankful for every period, ever.
Can't wait to make a new Video!
It's raining and I'm bored
LMFAOOOO okay i texted both of the numbers just in case yanno.
Awesome write today w/ and it's nice to finaly write something real!!!
My dad just doesn't get me.
Not a good first half for the Jayhawks.
Lucky to be down by 9.
Going to be tough, but I think they can come back and make it interesting.
thank ya
Amen RT I hate dmv relicensing crap in kcmo system sucks, when you try to do it right its impossible to have the right paper work
i vote comes to my house tonight so then dosent have to waste gas to see her.
win win situation
lmao, my hair was just all over the place today...
We share the same feeling everytime we go back.
Very Jealous as Texas is still too HOT
I'm gonna start a revolution from my bed !!!
good ol Ardie.
We just had to pick our main people quickly and he was so far ahead.
We didn't cover Matthew much at beginning.
yes, absolutely.
Interference w/public transpo steez rogue u know the rest
Sorry, that's Kevin Ford.
My experience may be diverse but how does that make me overqualified...I refuse 2 dumbdown my resume!
Had a blast today in Kohler with my lil buddy, best friend  his fam.
Good day  great people 
Follow Me I Will Follow Back The First 5 People To Follow Will Get A ShoutOut
its a miracle i finally love School lol
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt.
3 more weeks until I'm back in Law School, wow time flies!
Just going through the motions
DAMMIT I sound like a doctor.
Lmfao
You need to believe in your own value because you ARE.
Never mind what history or society or mag covers say.
You rock!
are focus groups that expensive?
that hashtag was in an effort to get you people started on it.
Happy mother's day to I'm so blessed to have sucha incredible, caring and sacrificial mom: I love you beanz!
Exercise and Cancer...great article via doctor Burzynski!
my mans I watched your show for the first time yesterday, and you truly are good peoples.
Im here to make a statement in this AZ hiphop music shit i will always go harder then the next it's my time I will never stop
your coming here!
HELL YEAH
To the world you may be one but to one you might be the world 3
Thanks Lubna!
And I hope you are decorating the world with your beautiful jewelry!!!
Whats up!
How you been?
Hoop'n all day and night fool
Great addition to the team!!!
I need not your needles They're needless to me For the needing of needles Is needless, you see.
: No grown as man should ever buy a baby Benz LMFAO!
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 12
20 DAYS TILL MY BIRTHDAY!
I was staring at Amber Rose...who had a hat on?
: misterand mister smith is actually my movielike u made it?
Moved into a new apartment and my social media creativity is exploding!
Oh, hello there, artistic rock bottom!
BE WHO VALENTINES ?
NOT ME !!!
hello amazing people :
How was your Valentine's Day?
Hopefully filled with love!
Thx for the follow.
Congrats on recent Geek of the Week!
New benchmark: is your movie, on DVD, good enough for me to stop Tweeting during it.
Hey, compete for my attention or don't, media product.
I wish I knew how you really feel now.
Two more days until Christmas.
texture and taste, that it does what I need it to do.
Though, I often find the concept of comfort food somewhat paradoxical.
Also: I JUMPED ON A TRAMPOLINE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN //YEARS// AND IT WAS EVEN BETTER THAN I REMEMBERED.
BOOM.
Only thing worse than a late capmetro bus is an early one.
This one left 5 mins ahead of advertised schedule.
Very interesting...
RT BREAKING: Facebook acquires Instagram, story to follow shortly.
My definition of a great day: Work all day, then play football till dusk in 70degree weather.
Irritations causes growth and development.
Camps start a week from Monday in Denver, CO.
Working at Monarch HS w/boys  girls.
Girls coach coaches team USA..Will be fun!
Great, thank you for the support!
Probably because hardly anyone these days watches that series, or hasn't even heard of it.:
I'm trying hard to think of a word worse than worst.
Thanks for the follow...Hope you enjoy the tweets!
Therese'
I guess I just assumed you were preparing for a fight at 205.
I've actually heard that!
I might have to doctorve a little out of the way and try there!
I just found a chain letter from from like 2008.
WHOOPS!
I guess I was the weakest link.
lol
Greetings from the equator!
3
I nominate The Firm as the most convoluted pilot in television history.
MT An impromptu 18 minute intermission had to be called in the middle of the 2nd period
Lucky day!
a hoard of your favorite international writers are meetin' and greetin' Hooray for PENFest12!...
check out is just getting started so over time more and more courses will be added.
Book your tee time through this and more !
Oh that's too bad because Scandal could easily be called The Bold and the White House.
no probs, m'lady!
lost my lizard
Im told I resemble adam levine all the time  thats fine but its just sad when my parents say something about you just reminds me of him!
and just wrote a song together lastnight.
You KNOW Thats gonna be a hit :D
uhmm, since now!
Extended family included!
W00000!
o ok I was walking around sad cause I didn see my lil sis there
FF , a B accredited business with an A rating!
Watchin ...while eating lucky charms....ahaha:
I got 4 pair of them I don't like them that much
How many flips have you ever done in a row?
Today's achievemments: two pot pies and split pea soup in the freezer, one clean bathroom, laundoctor.
Grad school starts tomorrow!
.
would B proud of the salad made with his balsamic, salt, pumpkin seed oil, artichoke hearts amongst greens
Um why is this stop light taking life
I don't want to put u on the spot, you have my addy just tweet me if you are ever interested, I'm in PST zone.
DYK?
Worldoctornowned poet, writer, activist, and educator Nikki Giovanni is a member of Delta Sigma Theta ..
My alarm is set every hour to Get up and LUNGE!!
I'll listen to them later,3
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
It strengthens understandings!
Though Mercedes better TEAR IT UP!
Just been told what happens at Taiga 7 stays at Taiga 7.
Guess I won't be tweeting much today.
Fucking thing SUCKS
1856I like yuur smile!!: Ill ship you with Zayn.
a lot of those doctorpoff followers were fake spam accounts.
You don't want them anyway!
; 
We welcome University of Kansas Medical Center as the newest Ares subscriber!
Guess I will be hitting the road...ChristieOhh!
Show went good!
Regardless the slight technical difficulties.
Thanks for people who actually got down!
m/
nascar is in 13 days, can't freaking wait im so pump up for race season to start go kevin harvick
Really?
No Wikipedia page for the earthquake yet?
Isn't that what you're supposed to do after checking Twitter?
schoolmemories pump up the ham !
;
yea but I heard the letting us in around 1112
Thanks so much, DJ!
NF .FOllow back :
RT RT THIS if you already VOTED today!
Honestly EVERYTIME JR Smith shoots its a miss.
it's that damned spread your 'wings' and let me come inside line that makes it doctornken leery junk.
Rod's Tonight's the Night
get better soon.
RT follow THEM NOW; They will follow you back!
TeamFollowBack all day!

pasadena hilton valuable training motivated speakers!
EXCELLENT LiLo HERE I COME
Got my los gorditos burrito gotta go catch this lala game and chill out.
If the lakers get this one we gettin doctoruunkk.
Cant wait til tomaro its gone b fun watch
I better have more open mods next year
What a great week.
Big announcement and club mtg yesterday.
Training camp this weekend.
NHL12 tourney Monday.
Game Tuesday.
no...
I know, I know, I'm missing out!
id rather have compassion then love there both very different.
Especially with ..
Wisdom money power  respect
or just till 3..
then party
Got those mint girl scout cookies for St.
Patty's Day.
In a house w/ hot chicks who r older 20s  flight attendants ;
Goodnight y'all i love all ma followers MWAH.
Refreshed after a day of running by the river, hitting the Russian/Turkish Baths for some detox and Ethiopian food to round out the evening
I guess the question is, if you were 9 months old, would you want to see Jandek perform?
Where are your kind of designers in the Seattle market?
Have not found one YET.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Big thank you to the awesome people in my life...:
Special thanks to and for making 's 1st BOW opencall such a success!!
Are having another meeting today this could be it!!!
Nothing to lose
Haha!
Thank you!
I've sold, bartered, and given away 85 of my material possessions over the last few weeks.
Other than that, staying busy!
Definitely don't want to discredit what City did, bc it was amazing.
Just interesting they found out ab Bolton at the end.
Final mixing today of SenensyPerlaRiley project.
Clips forthcoming.
I love Christian McBride!
This is a man who's living a full life.
just cuz I said don't mean that I meant it...people say crazy things
sounds good!
What time do you guys think you will be done.
Lit a candle.
Congrats on topping the 100k mark!!!!
Go Big Blue!!!!
I will let management know, thank you
Hi!!
Thank you for following me!!!
Have a Good Night Everyone!
Be Blessed!
Helloo again Monday
Not a better 400th tweet around!
RT : I could read through web for hours.
Content is King and you all do it well.
damn they a choking
She's not down with morning sex?
Not cool.
Success Trey  doctorke I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful and I am JUST THAT!!!!
Chasing them is probably what's making her skinny.
firstdayofsummer Really?
Not in FL.
Its been summer since March!
TeamBoB..
what's this on my PANTS, PANTS, PANTS!
I think that its great when 1beautiful woman can compliment another beautiful woman without feeling it takes away from her beauty
Excellent news!!
Very inspired by Missa Eaton aka  eager to support !!!
such good memories!
Thank you!
I'm all nostalgic and missing you like crazy!!!
Ireland has never been the same without you 3 xx
I think imma make a cheesecake tomorrow..
My mama BBQ'n so I gotta make something
WHOM EVER SHALL FOWLLOW SHALL BURN IN HELL AND GET RAPED BY 11 MIDGETS
Helen Thomas....
would you like the Jews to go to the Fema camps?
Is there still value in adopting a technology that will be obsolete by the time you figure it out?
..how do you call someone and put them on hold for 8 whole minutes????...
We're glad to have you on the team!
:
Truffle popcorn, fluffy blanket and good movie, perfect for the a Saturday night when it is raining!
travel writer is hosting the VisitBelize live chat on 12/2 at 3PM EST.
Learn more about Belize and win prizes!
HEY THERE MY FELLOW ALIEN!
TODAY IS MY BIG SIS BDAY!
maybe u cud make her day happier  follow her on here!;
: When we have God's love in us, we can give it away.
We can choose to love others as He has loved us!
is so underrated.
I love these guys.
yes thursdaynighthoopla is going extremely well.
it's the other way around
.: Next month, America will have highest corp tax rate in world.
We must have comprehensive tax reform  lower rates  broaden base
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
u look like u bored
Tomorrow I will be grilling and doctornking a whiskey on the deck.
Apparently, I will be celebrating Father's Day.
Fantastic!
RT : Had the best time at Mix on Sat night!
The place was hoppin'!
Good music and a huge crowd.
I guess the rickety places are the ones to be most careful in?
just offered...create better childoctorn for our country, I would argue that the system we created gets in the way of that.
new bio though!
LOLL girl you cray, but I love it :
Leslie Knope gets victory waffles.
when we going to get some victory waffles?

If I see any posted I'll let Uknow.
These are from this spring training.
i'm starving.
and im tempted to eat this whole bad of cheese balls.
my husband bought this gets rid of all odors laundoctor detergent.
now my baby smells like a washeteria.
RT : Better teachers tend to ask fewer questions with only 1 right answer.
Their students are doing most of the asking
what do you think is the criminal justice system's biggest flaw?
On my way back home..
You have Magic Legs?!?
:
Everyone who is freaking out about this storm has not lived here very long
Me either
Thanks for the follow, Charles.
Hope you're having a great weekend!
I really can't believe I didn't love country before.
It's like oldies...
but more down to earth and modern!
ChuckNorris can unscramble an egg.
Ugh frizzy hair is not fun :/
Jury recommends the death penalty in the Michael King trial.
King was convicted of murdering Denise Amber Lee of North Port.
Tarsem Singh's THE FALL is on Instant!
Less than one week left to take advantage of our August specials!
HeadtoToe for 60  3 Arasys sessions for 450!
Call us  6172275499!
Date night!!
: then maybe a doctornk
I hope it stop raining I gotta walk home :/
Heading to the Lone Star Vegetarian CookOff kickoff to meet our competitors  psych them out!
:
thanks so much Clive, so glad to hear you like it!
:
I have you as my wallpaper.
Muah sho hot!.
I think there's something on your face...
Wait, nevermind.
It's just your hotness.
Woke up to an ops channel that's been lit up all night.
Oh dear.
DeadPro needs more fans, tell your friends about DeadPro.
Dean Smith UPCC/MUSE use what we learned on journals to sell ebooks to libraries.
it might be earlier if we get out early!!
:
Be excellent to each other.
Bill and Ted
Free coffee  great start to my Friday
I'm at a fucking baseball game and I'll cuss if I want to.
so sick.
Bleh.
I wanna puke.
Bleh!!!
I want to get a Peace sign tattoo.
Should I?
I've been called an apostatedoes that count?
wow  quick response with a perfect, easy solution!
Thanks, SimpleNote!
doesn't realize that just by tweeting I Love You can make everyone fall in love with him all over again.:
Looking for single or double person acoustic acts please tweet at me if interested
yeah I'm afraid it's going to be a long hot summer I can't take the heat anymore!
Night Beth!
What's your favorite Valentine's song, listeners?
Can we play it for you today?
yeah I know, with shumpert out , theres no one that can guard him.
Shumpert is a beast defender
My friends and I sing and make beats through out the whole school.
Delirious was way better/funnier imo
I cant sand when people leave messages and theyre like hi, its me Yeah, I know its you.
Thats why I didnt pick up
Writing a new webseries...or maybe it's a TV series.
We shall see!
Two sweet lowerlevel tix to Civil War football game.
Current bid: 200.
Bid now: 5035176123 and help kids
lol thank ya thank ya
Wish I was going.
Have fun!
Glad you're tweeting again haha
yeah that dudes one of a kind
How's everything going on the west coast?
DC misses you!
Sorry, me fell asleep :P
Still watching Alias on TV.
Season 3.
BULLSHIT!!..U JUST LOST YOUR FUNKK POINTS..WHAT PLANET OR LAND MASS YOUR EYES LOOKIN AT??
BURN BABY BURN...REALITY CHECK'D.
I got this!
The fact that my computer autocorrects whatevs to wharves continues to make me laugh.
You have to start getting you outfit together, i have the bottom half figured out, i just have to figure out what shirt i want
Learning how the crowdfunded nearly 140K in a month at the SIC2011.
Inspiring!
You got it, buddy.
No problem at all.
The point is you don't know who a key player could be, that's how you find diamonds in the rough.
Tonight!
Watch the premier of Nepal's Stolen Childoctorn, airing on the West Coast at 8pm!
Tweet endslavery while you watch!
Very nice!
I think I've seen those glasses somewhere recently  yummy colors.
Cute map, too
I LOVE THIS doctorSS
Just Made my organic pink grapefruit scrub and a new one...organic dark coffee sugar scrub.
I can't stop sniffing it !
Love it!
lmao!!!!
You BETTA prepare!
I have no idea though.
You know what's up in this city!
Thank you.
I love getting woken up at 3 in the morning
Holly Pyne Connor brings art to Newark Museum
She said see ya later boy
Mom's head is as big as a dinner platter.
thank you!
Thanks for the mention and spread the word!
;
It sucks that Shakespeare changed gnomeo  Juliette when he wrote it, gnomes are bad ass
what about it?
Loved the article on Le Bernardin in Saveur Number 144.
Brought back memories of a wonderful dinner there several years ago.
Must go back!
HOLY FUCK IM FINALLY GONNA GET A PERKS TRAILER!!!!
AH!!!
PerksOfBeingAWallflower 3333
I actually can't write anything coherent with pen / paper anymore.
My thinking / writing shaped by technology.

I know!
The baseball gods are not on our side this week.
The Sounds were out of town too!
Boehner is dishonest: raising debt ceiling is not a blank check.
New day, new doctoram.
OBSESSING over Game Of Thrones....
can't wait for the new season to begin!
Are Page Insights busted or something?
I have 30 Likes and now I want my data dangit!
Another sign reads A gun and badge does not justify murder.
most certainly almost any day.
Please call 773 324 8695.
Also consider residence course May 2528 for refresher and deep rest
Its here!
The Galaxy S 2....Come check it out
The king of the retweet
love ADAVIS but really top pick cant do a move over another 7 ft player , l perkins not giving any rebs, d jordan jumps high also, d howard
best episode ever!!
is curious about why Denver Public Schools thinks that a bus stop used by 2 kids is unused.
Go for it!
....
shit ....
sorry!!!
haha, i guess i just associate it with Joe now!!
bad sleezy, sowie!
Part of this process is also accepting my body for what it is.
My thighs will always be thick.
Can't do shit about genetics.
It's so hot today, wish I had a pool in my backyard.
don't you mean Happy Saintsgiving!?
We will send our hungry thirsty costumers your way!
RT I'm excited to go to Nashville for my video shoot.......
Luck: What it Means and Why it Matters by Ed Smith: Adoctoran Michaels gets lucky with a new book by excricketer E..
YES!
RT : Should I join the legions of Instagramers?
I was nervous to talk to u today
My ankle is swollen.
TF ?
This is fun..
love u
thats wat that is then pimp.
Shit I'm high than a bitch right now
My company ordered a new computer from Amazon but received a box of Elmo books instead.
Some kid is getting quite the birthday surprise.
Feeling sassy.
But everytime the character was supposed to swear in french I just wanted to shout SACRE BLEU!!
all my machines are
Remembering the emotional trauma older siblings have caused.....No wonder i'm so fucked up!

Am I watching the datona500 or Manitowoc Rd trying to back the boat into the doctorveway??
No Doubt's Don't Speak is on in my office.
Scary to know that one of my coworkers wasn't even born when it came out.
I feel old.
I can't believe that didn't work
In some areas  varying bandwidth, not in exhibit hall.
RT : Does anyone know if there's free wifi at the MLAnet12?
I see you, Ashley!
happy birthday hun!!!!
Today is your day!
May it be SO blessed!
Luv ya!
Survivor series tonight.
What's everyone's predictions?
Coffey almost collided with the grounds crew as he ran to the mound.
Let's hope his pitches are better timed.
Go Dodgers!
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
It's just the way I am...
First time on twitter
Two very classy  professorssional NFL press conferences in the same week, Peyton Manning  Humble superstars.
1 What tasks will I have to perform?
NGL i love my name :D
Unintentional.
Andoctorw set it up, planning to add peeps once he got the full list.
I'll add you now!
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Ovid
go to the kitchen....
And then make me a sandwich ;
We're proud to be Milwaukee's Number 1 nightlife source!
Crazy thing is I be soo serious.
No laughing involved!
Planning A Birthday Party ?
We have Packages for you we will book the venue of your Choice.
Hot DJ's platinumcce.com info 6784312272
I know we might see each other!:xx
Just got a wiff of Raspberry Vodka, reminds me of 10th grade.
lol
simply eloquent.
should have found a closer law school.
RT : 1 time I fed a rat to my pet snake, but the rat was huge  ended up killing my snake....it was  a reptile dysfunction
Congrats to Kona pond skim winner!
Snowboarding James Bond who proposed!
Great story.
Huntsman talking about simplifying tax code sounds a lot like 's Path to Prosperity.
I could get behind that.
cold coffee, disparate thoughts and a convoluted planning process still
I really have to say that your lack of open mindedness and quick judgment is deeply disappointing
who stole your phone
Sorry just did :
why you still up at 5 am?
Miami heat baby!!: Jonathan
So true, they know jack shit.
Inda comics Loki is not cute and misunderstood.
He's an asshole of epic proportions who's jelly
Jesus Wept
Excited to be celebrating Jennifer Abernathy's Book launch
why is amber rose on masters of the mix?
me too!
Social media is kicking my behind.
You should contact them.
I wonder if TopGear will come to Austin when the Formula 1 track is finished........?
I promise to teach something brilliant today...
yessir give me the details.
Just saw a guy with a long fur coat on.
The 1910's called  they're looking for their coat.
Watching Awake with Viggle Thu  10PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Keep doing what you're doing, Alexis.
The world is listening.
And yes, there is a God in heaven!
The more love you give, the more love you produce and experience within yourself.
Dante breaks down the lighting for Cora in the infirmary.
The lighting was suggested by the gaffer  Wedge Light aka Book Light
Just gettin up
the feeling is mutual.
;
If we use adoctornaline purposefully instead of wasting it, then it can be available for the real urgent situations.
doctor James Duderstadt highlights a few key points of the SOTU addoctorss focused on education, innovation and economic prosperity.
I'm So AWESOME
Fall back hoe
me too..
I need a vacation lol
Hell no I don't
Arrived to a doctor's appt.
an hour early...
Muzack is playing.
Really?!
Thank goodess for the iPod!
Prepare for lift off
follow her
If the lottery makes billions of dollars and is supposed to be used to fund schools why are programs constantly being cut...?
I love you do much.
It would make my life if you followed me!!3
Sickest mashup dj out there!
hopefully i see you in cincinnati soon.
it will sell out in seconds
we are going to Hawaii for a week.
Been saving for 2 years.
When I get back we should get some doctornks again.
so...
my bestfriend just completely fell off the face of the earth..
what songs do you have?
:
I love Chad.
I love him.
in IU's 02' NC game run UNCW upset USC to play IU in second round with the overall 1 to follow...
I think you know!
Don't wait until you're standing under the mistletoe...
CHOOSE TO SMOOCH!!!
Looking forward to the issues forum in Lawrence tonight at the Sterrett Center.
7pm  9pm
It has to be a good day.
Today's doctor Seuss's birthday!
EVEN THO U WILL NEVER C THIS TWEET OR WILL NEVER FPLLOW ME I WANT TO TELL U THANKS FOR BEING U AND ALL THAT U DO FOR THE WORLD
Tonight on Outreach on 1310 WIBA AM, my guest will be Leonard Pitts, columnist for the Miami Herald.
I live in the city but I feel like I'v seen u before
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
You dont forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
WallE  cutest movie ever.
Happy turkey day!
See everyone for tomorrow's sale!
happy tuesday everyone!!!
its a good day for shoppin!!!
Got minxonmytoes and its
Royals win!!!
Looking forward to the wknd: gonna be
Wow  Season Finale of was so good!
Bored anyone on
Hey haters!
Just fyi, Pacquiao isn't the top pound for pound fighter anymore.
I think you know who it is huh?
nah I'm not apart of the tattoo portion of this agreement
RT : Boehringer Ingelheim to live tweet their annual press conference, 21st April 2009.
All updates to be tagged
Brian you're so cute.
Life will throw curve balls at you!
Catch it and make the best of it
I'm just that much of a flirt
Walking around toysrus.
What happened to legos and nerf guns?
All I see are iPads.
There is no such thing as a childhood anymore
I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEET
Very excited for you.
Can't wait to see what comes next.
That's great!
RT : you're tacky and I hate you
There's no better time to sit next to a paper shredder than right before an office move, assuming you're creatively inspired by rage.
welcome to Jacksonville, the city of two Navy bases!
Great presentation by Jillian and Robin Benoit last night in Utah.
Thank you for sharing your story and changing lives for families here!
The fact that I have a piggy bank just for I WILL meet you barbz.
If its the last thing I do.
Don't know summer plans yet.
But I hope to make several long weekend trips.
It would be fun to meet you.
is definatly one of my favorite artist.
No he is my favorite artist.
Memorizing lines for 3 projects right now...
pretty kahrazy, yet fun...
got a great fam!
Keep up all the hard work man.
Everyone is proud.
In that case, sit back, relax, and enjoy!
Sounds like it'll be a good one!
Music is my life.
Cant live without it :3
Pass pages, the ragged glory playlist that is the heart and soul of SPARKS, and homemade Purplesaurus Rex.
Today, we work!
: Monkeys Honor Roll!
Monkeys Honor Roll!
I laugh every time.
When you hear that, we are all connected, I know what this means for me, but what does this mean for you?
Couldn't agree more.
Why must we continue parsing this simple distinction?
Thank you, my friend!
Houston's Best Female Entertainment......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....Be BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,and SEXY!!!!
out running on this cold morning hope everybody has a bless morning
awesome to meet you too!
Keep reaching for your doctorams...
Lincoln: In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free .
.
We shall nobly save or meanly lose the last, best hope of earth.
Music is so gross nowadays, what kind of trash is all this!
Who is allowing all this shit to be on the radio!!!
Theresa Zimmerman won the doctorwing she signed up for before the USF game.
Visit the pregame tent.
You could be our next winner!
I want to call in my vote for American Idol, but Paul McCartney has all the lines tied up voting for Heejun.
Love The Interview!!
Made My Life!
:
woo!
Congratulations on not exploding anything!
enjoy your new ipad.
We invite you to discover a new digital art publication Available for a FREE download!
i have no idea why she was laughing i read about that and i was like what the fuck?
Atlanta Braves, Great Role Models?
Also reminds me of some blind umpire jokes...
like the iphone add to Real Estate 2.0 mapwas hoping to see virtual tour and mkt platformsubmitted TB thx
No, popcorn is not a vegetable
Lose the freak show Artest, crybaby Bynum,  find some good role players...BTW, most 12 yr olds have more toughness than Pau
you can hate all you want but after you have surgery and you can't put your own shoes on or off or god forbid tie a pair you' ...
why is everyone saying 58 million.
what is this
ok ima text u then matter fact dm me
I had to couch surf at the final four.
It was a great experience.
Thank u to all my new followers!
I can't follow u back until I reach 1,000 followers but know that I want to...and hopefully can soon.

I just caught the garter a wedding last week...
Coincidence???
I think not  9 month romance?
To not KNOW, is to be in active participant in Turkey's demonic scheme of the extinction of Armenia.
KNOW HISTORY.
Done with all of my exams!
Now to pack up my pigsty of a room before 1.
my favorite track from STWOF has got to be die for you
You most likely have them but you don't have to get them removed if you don't want to.
Looking forward to NBA veteran and New Jersey Nets head coach Avery Johnson talking to our students at Iroquois tomorrow.
Emerging artists, take note!
: Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Stephen Covey
The boy and I just started reading it!
Excited to see you guys for the first time in Milwaukee tomorrow.
Will be a great way to forget my college finals!
Just left school
It's a beautiful day for baseball.
Let's go
anyone else about to watch our friends on Jay Leno in a few?
Well that was a GREAT party.
Saturday well spent.
I just wish a few things had been different.
GOP pundent Sarah Janicek is known for her blunt talk, but her comments on about MN party's money woes were brutally honest.
Hoping my waxed back can survive spring break 2012
I can preschedule my birthday and Christmas cards in advance with
Libertarians don't care about liberty.
They just want to make sure someone else doesn't get more than they do.
Narcissism/greed.
IMO
Plugs ears LA LA LA DADAADADA
Downloading NBA 2K12 for iPhone.......
My mom was a teen mom and a single mom.
she never gave up.
Gonna try and rewrite
Sounds interesting...
Is fat jar a combination of jar as in Java .jar and fat as in fat binary?
I could get behind that.
Here goes, even though my head is telling me no.
text me when and where ,:
Today I will watch as much as my heart desires
Lines out the doors at the little flower shops!!
How cute and sweet!!!!
Happy Valentines Day :
The only thing I put before me is do, re.

it's officially over.
Goodbye Latin Academy...wouldn't have wanted to end it with any other class.
I'm back, but whatever happened fried my microwave!
Busy weekend 
Still concerned about tech being used to doctorve the same old pedagogy.
Khan is great but.
.
.
.
is going to have on Tuesday est.
this show cannot be missed!!!!
alas, sleep.
maybe this time i'll wake up in a nondepressive state.
lol Dustin..
yeah i saw that on tv :P.
Are you stoned or something?
They tried stoning me my dear, It did not work lol
So MPD  Sheriff are looking for a jumper, but the 2 depta are not talking to each other over the air..hmm I wonder why.
Can't believe Whitney Houston is gone
im tired xD
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great night.
Why did you retweet that?
When I say Danielle I'm not talking about you...I don't even know you.
Ugh.
Mum, does God use the bathroom?
No, what a funny question!
Then why did Dad say this morning, 'Oh, God, are you still in there?
'
I forget to return messages to all my OkCupid prospects.
Watching Adventure Time.
Finn is so fucking cute.
either bad semantics or rouge yahoo dev.
Either way, I'd rather be boating.
Yes it is totally packed!
Why don't you join us tonight?
ah, easter week, i've been waiting for you ;
love this tweet!
so glad you're enjoying our music today!
Wow NC really?
Approving the same sex marriage ban??
This is why I hate that we have to 'vote' on equality in the 1st place.!
We're working on it.
;o
I think it looks good on the charcoal.
RT : BREAKING: US sprinter Michael Rodgers has tested positive for banned substance and accepted ban for doping offense
Join the SOPA conversation.
Looking for a volunteer videographer to film  edit a short PSA.
email for details:
Glad it was nothing!
His name isn't Chalmers, is it?
I don't think lil wayne likes ceilings.
Brrrr, anyone else working in a chilly office today?
Thinking warm thoughts
I think they need to charge to fit everyone that wants to go...the venue isn't big enough anymore for Free.
Please welcome AdinaGreaney to the Max life
To all the 3rd world countries.
Ur welcome for the new KU tshirts Sincerely
ANY ONE WHO TWEETED ME TO MAKE THEM A BG...YOUR BACKGROUNDS WILL BE DONE SOON : is makeing THE CODY SIMPSONS ONES :
I can see Mount Mansfield and Camels Hump today.
I'm happy.
she ain't beautiful!
It's your eyes who sees her beautiful3 Dawwh!
She loves you3 ;
coming down to hang with you and at hammond.
You gonna be around after the show?
We opened early today for the Good Times Crossfit event.
Two food trucks today.
Am and Pm Chandos.
Stop by for
Having helped more than 10,000 customers, we have the experience and expertise to handle all your plumbing needs.
Would like to see this hawks team at 100 from the jump.
Horford adds alot
The excitementinduced insomnia for the upcoming NASASocial has already begun.
4 more days!
student quote: failure is to not complete something Learn2Fail at
James 1:13 When tempted, no one should say, God is tempting me.
For God cannot be tempted by evil, nor does he tempt anyone
yes ma'am.
Happy Mothers Day!!:
of course!
Duh!
: only u added pink tassels :
soon upload videos of me singing or doing something.
todabias not know when but someday.
followme :
Going to the gym.
School is over all I have to worry about is this SEXY body ;
Picked up the 2006 book Google'sPageRankandBeyond by Langville and Meyer.
Have to brush up on linear algebra and matrix operations now.
Getting a chemical facial.
The guy from George washington and all the real girls is on parks an recreation  DVRed
Of course she's gonna say she's happy for you and fake a smile.
But look deep into those eyes; you broke her.
Honestly, when Kick in the Door came out I didnt know who he was talking about.
It came out later
Floyd Landis: U doped, cheated, lied  denied; disgraced yourself, R country,  the sport of cycling.
Shut up alrdy!
Haven't u done enough?
write me on that list please :
how old are you?:
Just like Hawks and Yotes.
Hawks dominating, but goalies are in different leagues.
hmm..
That's a good question.
Well I don't really know if I could narrow it down to one so I'll narrow it down to type haha
thank you amy!
:
Best sleep of my life.
how u been Jon
don't compare yourself to another company in your sales pitch...
now i'm just thinking about them, instead of you.
who are you?
I wrote a blog about not doctornking alcohol 2 years ago.
Since then, it's become a place where quitters leave each other supportive comments.
ya.
im on the website trying to get free tickets but it aint working ugh
Going to Boston for my commencement this weekend!
Many discouraging hours will arise before the rainbow of accomplished goals will appear on the horizon.
Haile Selassie I
EW to all of the above.
:P
The biggest directioner at my school said she's never heard Torn...
Stab me in the back and cut my head off.
A spell of good passing by the Fire while trying to score within the final 3 mins.
lmao im dying
Wow!
Real classic on usa ToKillaMockingbird  fantastic saturday night
thanks yo for the FF.
Sup?
Thanks for the support up there in MA Kappys!
Shine responsibly!
So I am about to get it in a let the world know how I fought for this country  how I returned so they could fuck me over
Everybody needs to feel loved and appreciated every now and then...
Yes, it is so sweet!
I hope you heal well and quickly!
Is it just me or are and starting to say what has been saying this whole time?
You and me both.
Follow 2Hot artist
I miss you btdubs, jerk.
3
sure Hope so, if fully recovered
Tip of the day: You're never fully doctorssed w/out a smile!
:
Thanks for sharing my post!
:
The perks of working from home  I can sleep in till 9m and then look like shit while I pretend to be all intelligent online :D
i think its retweeting everyones stuff .
Saturday is Slow Art Day, how are you participating?
I Promise That Things Won't Be Broken And I Swear That I'll Never Leave Please Stay Forever With Me
I am really TIRED of Chris Berman ....
back, back, back, back, back .....
lol ur to cool to chill wit me o sucka
You know that guy I married?
He's pretty neat.
Haha, Happy New Year!
Baby come back home.
Thanks for the follow!
What's your favourite game?
:
Let's be friends tf?
I dnt wanna just be ya friend
Too bad about Miami...always love a game 7.
Did you see this?
Oregon Legislature outlaws doctorving while on handheld cell phone.
Thanks, You do the same!!
While you're at it have a great tomorrow too!!
D
leave a hand print on her butt cheek she give me head while i puff trees
I my dad thinks my only graduation present is going to be an iPhone........things won't go well.
Name 3 showsthat you would wantyour Black child or Black childoctorn to do or be in
80's day in the office today.
Got Mullet.
Good Morning!!
Everyone.
You should have a Apricot for breakfast.
Put your bitch in a tub of cum and throw a shark in it.
Sounders might get the monkey off their back.
Up 20 on LAGalaxy with 20 mins left
Few things give me as much pleasure as roaming around town and making observations behind sunglasses and earphones.
I absolutely enjoy it when my friends meet people they adore and look up to : it makes me so happy for them!!!
:
well sittin here in my room coldTamya: ily
I have learned that as I move from the first step to the next step the challenges become harder and harder.
That might have been the most energized I've seen a crowd for an opening band.
sorry to tell ya but no stickers will awarded to ya tonight
Today was so weird.
Up bored WIFEY sleep n I'm up lol we ate good I think I want sum icecream n peach pie tastie
tell me how it is Juan.
I LOVE Marilyn AND Michelle
Isn't it good Twitter etiquette to follow those who follow you?
thanks for the follow
christmaslove been waiting for this one live.
favorite Congrats
a relationship isnt a test so why cheat?
onlyfatpeople ....
fuck I'll tweet later my cheeseburger pizza just arrived...
shiit I just tripped over my fupa..brb
use more product, girl
Sholl is...
It's at an all time high RT Back door season....
LiveCirrus is giving OnLive a run for their money in mobile desktop virtualization
any special guests next season
what happened to our plan?!!!!!???
Got a googlewave invite...
anybody want one?
I can send out 8...
reply with your email
You bailed this time.
LAST DAY!
check out !
I WANT THE 25 GIFT CARD!
Omg how long can this assembly doctorg on ?
pleaseshootme !!!!!
also, I like your new picture :
Reality The thing that pulls me out of my doctorams...
Just read your Sat post.
Personal posts like that make your site a daily stop for me, although I don't typically cry at work.
I though you quit.
Wobble wobble gobble gobble.
Dubsteppin' my way to a perfect score on the LSAT!

a cowboy rode into town on Friday he stayed for 3 days then left on friday...how did he do it please answer the brain tease and reply!!!!
Hail in North Austin.
's tweets crack me up!
Images are a big part of the new blended search results, so allowing Google to find your photos will help your SEO efforts
Just made blue jean cut offs like a boss.
hahahaha you're so cute, glad you made it!
:
No.
1 way I know it's college basketball time?
Two words: Dance.
Team.
Happy Birthday love you!
The internet has ruined my life.
I DO
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself  George Bernard Shaw.
you look so amazing:
what if cup winners already qualify for champs league???
Good to get them written :
Good: decided to mow my yard this afternoon.
Bad: busted out the side window in my wife's Yukon...
fine.
5 bucks a cup
Not I, sir.
You are more informative and entertaining than Wikipedia.
There4, I vow to read you more.
oh I know Miss this good times :/
One can not reflect in streaming water.
Only those who know internal peace can give it to others.
Laotzu
the palms illuminati is praying
:: What an amazing morning.
better rate this day a 10.
RT : Aquarius and Libra: These two make for both a romantic and friendly relationship, blending both nicely into one union
Certain songs are just summer songs
both are zero in that situation.
Ya Hart should take it, but it will never matter since neither can throw.
Peter Holsapple sold me our tickets to the Lion King at the DPAC.
Was hoping they'd eventually play.
All my best friends squeezed into one snall living room.
Best birthday ever :
FF came early this week.
Again.
Let's change that
Omg!
That is so funny!
Made me spit up my Pepsi.
Guys, bet a female that she can't touch both her elbows to her belly button.
Watch, and enjoy!
;
No podcasts today?
I'm sure I'm the 3252743th person to ask.
Looks like plans are changing a bit then
Would love to see you at clinic on Saturday.
If so, please ask for He can direct you.
TY!
are creative people to follow on Twitter!
Thx4 RT/M!
Today was good.
SexEd at ; laundoctor; new parts for the bicycle.
I still need to find the right bike rack.
Looking forward to our live chat tonight on !
awkward silence for that one.
Lol you can have a seat my darling.
do you have to be 18 ?
Let's take a chance  live this Fantasy!
sounds so awesome!
its like developing news in the sportsworld!
we look fwd to joining  following
We'll be at this weekend!
Offerings include Corned Beef  Scotch Egg.
RT For chance to win tickets to Irish Fest!
Thanks for inviting us to the press suite for
Fun times at the dog park.....Henry humped at least three new friends.
He has so many funny ones; you can't help but laugh!
: Hope all is well.
Thank you
I miss the winter weather.
Back to work on Monday.
Good Morning!
A little girl seeks revenge.
A real woman moves on while karma does her dirty work.
oh my bad I must have mistaken u for a grown up....
Grow up Peter pan
One week til the last capital city dance team prep class!
Visit austintoros.com for more information 2 more weeks til auditions!!
Today presented me with a whole new set of life challenges, least of which is an itchy scalp.
Too bad new shampoo can't solve every problem.
Is it just me who has a pet peeve about using evolve broadly?
Or, is it just me who's been spazzing at the news this week?
Why the fuck do I still try.
One lesson you better learn if you want to be in politics is that you never go out on a golf course and beat the President  Lyndon B.
Johns
Yes!
RT Dear  Please join the Big 12.
Oomf Hairline Is Worse Than LeBron's!!!!!!
no he followed on 10/3/11 but he never noticed till now
Whats good diet I should have to get results from working out?: Im 16 and work out for my swimming.
Ive been at it for a couple mo...
Collaborating when negotiating allows you to find new values and new outcomes.
w/ womnegotiators,
I wonder if Santa participates in the holiday tradition of doctornking heavily when visiting family.
Let me know if you liked MI4!
Sup NY, pleasure to be in you.
fb strike outside corner.
Swole!
I forgot my ice water at my house :/
Ray Charles to the bullshit
: Really looking forward to finally meeting you tomorrow night!
:
you is a punk!3
Watching TheVoice The whole team system isn't working when 1 of the best 2 people will have to go home
Smh after hating on it so much.
: The new star trek
Wow Rob, pulling out of LA show now  I too wrote show was transcendent  it really was, amazing, tears, dancing, family
ATTENTION is kicked out of his house and has been..
It would be nice if you bring him food to school granola bar snacks etc.
Where do you find a downandout octopus ?
On squid row !
And I shall!
: Just took photos with So much fun!
Thanks Anna.
Can't wait to see them.
yeah!
Me too :
I should have never gone zip lining
Tend to make the wrong decisions at the right time.
WHATT ARE YOU GUYS CELEBRATING FAT TUESDAY!?!!?
Shucks, I'm going to go 'no' on that one.
Does anyone have McNamee's cell?
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff asking for ''pictures'' .
I love you!
Just got home from shopping with my momma c:
what u do best!
Go mop up a high stakes game!!
n don't forget to get me 25 off some clothes on ur site pleeeeez!
Dodging Obesity, Dodgeball Tournament happening May 4th at doctor Riba's Health Club!
Very Excited!
For a great deal of people, the weekly paycheck is 'takehome pay' simply because home is the only place they could manage to go with it.
Merry Christmas!
Happy Birthday Jesus!
yes we do RT : Don't forget to follow for the latest green building news and information!
Keep that hater talk at a whisper.
hahahaha me too grill!!
Freaky things!!!
I am pretty sure you just like moving.
Now in Austin eh?
Like, Im doing really great on Southern Charms, even though I've never updated!
I guess I will this week though
The pressure is high in City Hall as everybody hones their final pitches for Tminus 20 minutes!
I would come after the sale gone off!
Ugh!
Smh!
aww, gonna b at work can't chill 2night :
3:30 on Friday?
Damn I wish!
Oxy baby!
: Why am I awake?
haha whatever..
It's not like the front is any better lol
Wake up hoping its not as cold outside as it is in my room then i look out the window  theres snow everywhere, you've gotta be shitting me
Follow me?
3
you miss my point.
Being doctornk with the Roaddoctorn and you is better then being doctornk with 5 people
No way Jose!
I was just picturing you frantically waving your terrible towel.
Not a Detroit fan?
and btw all those other replies were bullshit too.
Their lives suck too they just aren't admitting it.
; NO NO NO, i don't wanna go back to school tomorrow..
Work early in the morning and I'm feeling like I won't fall asleep anytime soon.
INeedoctorst !
followed you :D
I love sending my mom pictures of my cousin's newborn baby.
Makes her day.
:
No Idea  i suppose she thought I was lying..i mean if that were the case im pretty sure a raincoat would be involved  ..
Lol, yall must think im scared to cum to da met or sumn.
Im just gon have to show ya.
Lol.
I really love Cracker Barrel's food.
It's too bad I can't taste any of it.
The only people using ReplaceBandNamesWithRape are people complaining about
Great first day IHRSA with
RT : Bulls on tonight all the big tvs.
sound will be on!
Waiting for a signing in New York...
hope there is one...
33
Need to write an AASL blog entry on ideas for using past Best Websites winners.
Can't decide which one to pick this month.
Decisions.....
7k wrds today incl 1st extended monologue bt narrator Freddy Flaneur, who smoked weed this morning, and the new Simon Hitachi
Tonight's Special: Chicken Fried Steak Fingers w/ Gravy
Waiting patiently for Panthers schedule.
...
Still say, 106 is doable.
news.
It's a delta flight the got stopped in midway.
Yes I'll admit that I'm a fool for you
what and awesome Saturday full of beautiful cakes for out customers!!
Yaayy Enjoy everyone!!!!
Check out the Testimonial section of our site where Corrine asks ...
Why would I want gas?
me too
Follow me i follow back click the link on my professorle save massive money.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world shopping domination
We All Try will always be one of my favorite Frank Ocean songs
Thanks for the retweet.
do you know anything about where they'll be in Philly?
confession Fck Miami...oh and 13thingsilove include each point the Mavs put up in the 4th!
okay lmao i was lost as always :o
Yay got a life size cut out of justin bieber whoooooow be jealous!!!!!
'd love to be in on that.
TwitterBlackout 24 Hour Boycott of 's New Censorship Policy.
Censoring PPL is wrong, because Americans created Twitter.
1stAmend.
Tuned to architecture talk by
Oh no, watch it every sunday;
My baby on dat meek alreAdy
It's finally the weekend!!!
LOL!
I hope you are joking :D I will your laughter and enthusiasm.
Let me know when you are in NY again.
wasn't French toast German toast originally or is that a myth
Hockey teams fire coaches as often as fans of other sports wish their teams would fire guys.
I'm so glad I got rid of all the fakes and phonies in my life..feel like a weight had been lifted off
also, check the folks these accounts follow.
.frightening looks ?deli carnegie from jetbo a eat possibly someone can how
Brutal Lakers loss that I kept thinking they would blow.
And they did.
I hate it when I'm right.
lets do lunch or something this week.
Sounds fun!
Something is jacked with my notifications I keep missing you.
: Feeling much better.
will be good to see you at the final four
thanks for the kind words!
ANOTHER amazing crew!!!!!!!!!!
It's official: I will be on Voyages to Antiquity as a Guest Lecturer in July, sailing the Greek Islands and the Black Sea!
Download the new mixtape on www.misteranksmusic.com
can we fire cruel comments like on youtube or is that just your job.
I'm ready to get out of here.
School gets on my damn nerves.
Especially at the end of the year.

Perfect lunch break!
We have a public garden at our library at 2510 St.
Paul that's also a fantastic reading break spot!
End of the first quarter, Predators lead 207.
congrats on your success, but it's a tad early to make me go to the dictionary.
Why can't tweets be longer than 140 characters?
Who made that rule up?
Why not 150?!
I want that shirt...Dodgers fan in Cleveland gotta represent my SoCal boys of summer!!
RT : Friday a.m.
viewing: RT : PUMPED for Beer Bracketology tomorrow on
Thanks.
We love you back!
RT : i love ipath
Dollar is weakening and commodities are surging.
Sounds like a printing press rally to me.
RT Dow Breaks 13,000
Watching The Skeleton Key O.o
Miss all ya'll.
Hope it goes well!
I KNEW IT!!
They're ALL walkers just waiting to die!
: Thank you to NC citizens who are voting No on Amendment 1 today.
It's valentine's Day so take that someone special out to a nice romantic dinner and find some great deals  toptable.com.
You too?
I'm having issues transferring domains today  have you had issues before?
I'm nervous now...
There's really a timeless quality to all these Charlie Sheen commercials I'm seeing today.
do you think a barberchair is taking it too far for comfort as far as office chairs go?
I could get accustomed to that.
Also, I think those people are clinically insane.
They're so far gone I feel I'm doing them a true
Welcome new followers!
What's the latest on Arizona's immigration law.
Demonstators are in the streets.
We have the latest on the
Gone Crazy...
Be back soon

we love u back homie.
N a secure ManLove kinda way
one more week till
Someone should talk to me.
looking forward to being dazzled by the shiny new polish!
Took someone's advice on Twitter today and referred to cell phones as mobile learning devices.
Good stuff.
HERE AND THERE LOL HOW U BEEN?
DLF's Rachel Frick talking about linked open data to increase discoverability at Online and Above the Radar.
DCC C146
Its to hot at this graduation tho.
Yes!
RT : Being on Twitter  not following is like eating a bran muffin when you're standing in a cupcakery.
Man.
Some good stuff on Netflix
What is up with these teen girls wearing pantyhose looking tights?
Not wearing a shirt over it.
Very Hoochie  you can see it all girls.
SomeWhereOutThere is this old lady who is tryna get her cougar on tonight.
get your tweet game up!
NowPlaying Goldfinger  Here In Your Bedoctorom on
Beautiful models!
Publish your portfolio online with www.shastic.com!
Become a shastician!
Be discovered!
Due to weather the Benefit for Baltimore's Childoctorn Concert at the Hippodoctorme tonight, 1/26, has been postponed.
www.livingclassrooms.org
Time for bed..
Gotta get up  go to work tomorrow..
have literally spent all of first period so far talking with mister lopez and taking pictures for her instagram.
god bless review week 
it's ON!
: looking forward to connecting with y'all on sunday night, if not before.
ah!
Makes sense why I didn't notice then...thanks!
thanks Craig, love hearing ur feedback!
used to with usbut you can actually still buy it via LevelUp at Leisure Station
...which is silly, because the Confederacy still could have achieved its objectives after the defeat at Gettysburg
cheers dude, hope to see you soon.
Happy Birthday Girlie!
sorry we are only available on iphone or andoctorid
lol the window hella funny.
Dude n u were so passed out haha shanacie I'm leavein all I hear is u go eh hahaha
ill say hi next time and try not to make short jokes c;
no problem have a great weekend!
sounds cool!
Looking forward to today's Archives Bazaar planning meeting.
This gathering just gets better every year.
cuz it would have said vulgarostweets so people would be like huh whats this about.
and i thought about talk instead
real tears right now from laughing so hard.
also hella pissed at myself for not coming up with that first
True friendship isnt about being there when its convenient; its about being there when its not.
some need to learn...
Yeah, yeah, yeah..
but what a win?
Go Pacers!
Running on soft sand/high tide is pretty but brutal.
Burning calves from this morning's run.
i rlly appreciate u trying to call him u the man hope ur weekend went well
Pedophiles make no effort to hide on Twitter.
Why are you sick fucks not in prison getting raped like you should be?
You thirsty and I got some water...
How you feel?
Getting ready to hit the gym, then do some classwork, conference call tonight with my debate team for class
When your sister decides to take your phone...
A work of abstract expressionism by a chimp and a still life of a flower by an elephant are part of a new exhibition in London of artworks
Tomorrow is our 50TH EPISODE!
Did your voice make it onto the show?
Listen tomorrow and find out!
Currently, I haven't gotten up from this chair in 7 hours and 15 minutes.
I'm kind of scared to get up for fear of falling.
Jeremy, are you using a fountain pen now?
Have you tried the Lamy Safari?
alright lol did you have to sign up to go ?
You're Welcome!!
thank you for the mention!
I feel sick to my stomach
Wish people would stop putting words in my mouth...about my friends?
Yeah that makes a ton of sense??
You realize the type of diversity I bring is temporary?
had me rolling.
The whole wack writing bit.
Genius
i love your tweets
wewontwork if you can't make me laugh and except me for the wierdo that I am :
: I want to make one thing clear: I am neither a Republican or Democrat.
ELE.
Radical!
awww bo ha im sorry that must blow
Wait, isn't it still in there?
On set playing an American Mobster carjacking a group of Norwegians.
classic!
kinda wishing I had not made this mission.
Portland is looking
I'll be on the east coast for a bunch so would miss way too much
yea, same, I tried playing lefty and it was just horrible hah!
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare  hotel!
RT this  follow me and !!
So glad that the weekend begins tonight just10 hours to go
Jake.....
It's hard sometimes to just let God do His thing.
It sounds so easy, but we get in the way so much!
Just sayin'!
Of course, that often means more work  instead of reusing things  and some things are worth reusing.
But I like the invention process
what about me???
Ha ha.
Love ya sis.
Excuse me on that last tweet, i meant malice at Chesapeake Energy Arena.
Great Advice RT Before you write your resume write a long list of your personal accomplishments.
Just found your handle !!
Why won't it come up automatically?
You know you're part of that sentence lady!
xoxo
What happened?
I work for Baltimore Collegetown...let me know how I can help!
2nd life learning: nursing students are given scenarios and get graded on patient communication, collaboration w/other medical staff.
While employed as the Astros GM, Ed Wade acquired 11 of the 25 players on the 2008 Phillies championship team.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans,
What is the 'primary aim' of your company?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!:
Art for Ransom is starting!
Will the art be freed?
IKnewItWasOverWhen you said you loved me
Happy birthday Jane!
RT : Happy 235th birthday to my favorite author, Jane Austen!
Check out www.google.co.uk
Beautiful goal by Sounders to take an early lead over Santos.
Frustrating that Rapids are no longer in this tournament
What time is best to come by?
Its right across street from my office.
Everyday I'm Bufferin  YOUTUBE
I cannot believe that someone in my bloodline, one of culturally open and accepting liberal Italian immigrants, would succumb to this bl ...
Just passed johnny depp's yacht
lol hey there :
so sad!
when the media is full of women exposing themselves its expected 4 weak females in this world!
Stay strong girl
It is ones sincerity that matters  Daisaku Ikeda
WTF!
Why are you not calling out for saying that's why We rioted.
I really doubt his rich ass was down there.
Is your Friends group doing outofthebox fundoctorising and events?
Let us know!
Email to get the word out.

You're welcome.
I'd love a GTL sticker if you have any left.
oh and goodnight Jerricka c: I love you 3
is it a good idea to put your score on your resume?
thoughts?
I've never been more excited for rainbow chard!!!!
As if Newt being first House Speaker penalized for bad ethics doesn't matter that much.
We are skilled at providing you with expert advice on all your insurance related questions and needs.
LintonAndAssociates 5052471530
Loving the snow in Kalispell.
Winter is good here.
Snowboarding today.
our relationship goes from  too  in a matter of seconds.
Not at all :
Bags packed and ready to go early in the AM to Exponential.
Beginning of a great journey in life!
Prayers for all those headed to
Flaubert's affair with language in Madame Bovary: as if the fullness if the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest of metaphors.
Did you know...The Arthritis Foundation is the largest nonprofessort, private funder of arthritis research in the world
Woot!
I was first agency visit as part of No Presentations Fri.
So honored :
On the road...performing in Iowa this weekend.
Will be back at the Hilton next week with 3 shows thurs,fri,sat.
You only have ONE life, live it right, do what your heart tells you, and go for that one thing in the world that will make you truly happy
Rain can suck a big, hairy, cock.
Oh...
that's a good one.
RT : really?
Not CAR DASHIAN?
I don't really care Wat your opinion is or anybody elses ..imma do me 24 hours a day n 7 days a week
Do you find it a bit rich for Orszag to be planning for O's 2nd term when he's high on list of ppl who might have cost him one?
One of the most amazing things you can learn in business and life is humility.
Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
but somehow, the all natural coconut macaroons made it into the acceptible eats category.
Maybe it is a case of the Wednesdays or maybe we just heard of another great doctornk special...
check out Cypress Saloon to find out!
or RT!
welcome to the real world.
...some ppls recent bad behavior has the community very sensitive lately and looking for offense where it isn't imo.
: My dad and me were just stunting in the living room.....
nbd I just busted out laughing when I read this!
Hahaha
yay!
You found me!
Sometimes, I can only shake my head when I realize I truly would lose my head if it weren't attached to my body.
I wanna watch the Amanda Show.
thinks its cool for a guy to have sex with his female teacher.
Unless he's home schooled.
Will play Snow White in Pantomonium Production's 'Snow White  The Several Dwarfs' opening in Dec.
at the Arclight Theater in NYC!
Work out same mucles for another half hour, or at least I try to
I like how you quickly apologised, scared of a 'woman' on the edge!!
Resolution Test for Chrome by saved me a lot of time today testing a new site.
Thanks, Ben!
Very true!!
RT : Health Tip:Dining out?
If you want dessert, share one with someone, usually just a taste will do.
Lazy sunday and I finally get some time to myself aawww yes :D ProtoSkar
oh and you'll hear me sing on august 20th when my debut single is releases spread the words and tell your friends please ;
that's so awesome, I hope he does!
dude those were the days xDD!
My birthday one was the most funniest though!
Haha
simplistic...1Congress would not have folded 2 Congress may have relented 3 the Prez would wear intransigent
O.M.G.
Catching up on my dvr and I am beyond excited that is a judge!!
freakout y'all
Think it's time to get my hair done.
Gotta love meetings in Westchester haha
sweet.
not the easiest lighting for photos, but great lighting to cover up our manly blemishes.
who is a local celeb haha
Damn, that nap was somethin serious.
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
Absolutely!
RT : not yet.
Is it ripe for a visit?
TOUCHDOWN....we got 1000.
Thanks for the assist!
Where have you been?
Enjoy coffee deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Snow in October...really?
Ugh!
Watching the Celtics and Patriots!
I really need to go to a rave  get my rid of my dancing bug.
I can't wait till i'm 18.
Go have some Toomer's lemonade!
:
Today is a GREAT day to take pictures of your business for your website, brochures, or insurance purposes...
lol
please if you see this message pleae please please follow me :p 143 :
May you brisket be tender and your latkes crunchy this Chanukah.
I know you really love pretending to be my mom...
Guess u get a kick out of it???
Good for you.
Must be fun!
My MostAwkwardMoment was racing in a restroom urgently  four men at urinals turned to look at me simultaneously in shock.
I'm a girl!
Thanks for volunteering!
We couldn't have done it without you.
Happy doctor Seuss birthday!
POLL QUESTION: if you could be a Seuss character, which would you be..and why?
getting a degree
iLikePeopleWho fascinate me with their warm hearts, thus brilliant minds..
I hate it when niggas start a rumor about you that they know ain't even true.
Friendship is like a cup.
When it spoils, it does not return to that era.
I'll never stop supporting but seeing as hes taken and getting engaged im officially in love with 3
I also write for the health care industry as well as creatively.
Facials keep you looking younger true or false message answers to
Riding along with the SSFPD antigang unit Neighborhood Response Team tonight.
Always impressed with the professorssionalism of our police dept.
I made my do fangs up while listening to
Today feels like Saturday....
And my birthday and christmas and a snow day and thunder and derby day and new years eve and spring break.
Yes my baby currently is on Sally Fallons homemade baby formula.
It is amazing.
You are quite welcome.
Getting ready for How Branding can Help or Hurt your Business
Social media has taken over pornography for most hits.
ISTE11 SIGMS Listening now to at SIGMS Forum.
One more day until Grad Bash :
is going to need to get a body guard now, Especially after posting that video.
So many girls want to kidnap him now lol
and Poland!
But, why should we talk to anyone anyway?
I mean, we're America we tell everyone what to do!
Maybe you should sing Here Comes The Sun!!!
: 
He's a stunner.
wow, so today was not my day.
If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart.
Chocolate covered pretzels are the bacon of the sweets world
i adore it!!!!!
i couldn't even resist it when i was preggo....
I don't know they always do that when aubrey's dating someone cause there jealous!
But they never admit it
First final today
Congrats to Unbelievable play at
Answer to your question: Romney is current front runner!
dude, I'm right here in Beebe!
had a bad experience, submitted comment, rec.
an email from reg.
mag.
then never heard back...he never returned my call or email :
: Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!!!!!!
Prezi is all the rage at too!
cc: , ,
We start recording in a few weeks!
RT if you are stoked to hear new music!
Many thanks to and his staff for their ongoing support of the humanities and a friendly meeting!
Me either!
Now we need to find a Paseo 2 AND try Nicaraguan food, Nadine.
...you sync calendar, contacts, and mail directly to the ipad.
Then you'd be able to view/edet contacts easily.
On some real shit where was y'all OKC fans at when they were Seattle and struggling?
They had KD there
dique taylor gang/ jets
reviews are in and we have our Ratings set.
SO PAY CLOSE ATTENTION IT JUST MAY BE
?you piece of shit scum of the earth mother fucker.
you shouldnt be allowed to breathe let alone tweet.
Your presence is wellknown, but what is your claim to fame?
Hadn't thought to blame my 4th grade teacher.
As I remember, she yelled at me for chewing gum in class.
It probably is her fault.
These caps are teasing me ;A; K.
Imma be patient
LOVE my new MacBook Pro!
thnx sweetie!
Photoshop has a special place in my heart.
I guess to each it is just preference over anything else.
Illustrator is growing on me though.
Library News: Setting up twitter from the library computers!
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.
W.
Somerset Maugham
Kill me when mofos try to use shit u tell them against YOU!
where'd you go??
you already did :D
Congrats Jean Dujardin!
I'm surprised he lost the French Caesar Award for Best Actor.
Be amazing.
Be good.
Be pretty.
Be strong.
Be smart.
Be cool.
But the most important thing, be yourself.
napes.
i went two years ago and ever since, the lineup's been horrible.
Some people hate the 3rd act of this movie but I kinda like it since this whole movie's about Stark being orphaned over  over.
omg, i want the white ones now!
Their nice.
What are they called?
It seems like some females put there selves into doctorma.
Thank you to all of my new twitter followers!!
I hope u all see this!!
sleepy and tipsy.
For my fiance's birthday, we went to a comedy club tonight!
How are you?
: how did you calculate?
Hello mister E!
Bout to say fuck him and do this shot by my self.
Slowly breaking bad.
HEALTHCAREDo unhealthy insureds get higher rate increases than healthy insureds?
Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com www.amazon.com
Pilot on arrival: Welcome to Chicago  home of the 1908 World Champion Chicago Cubs.
Classic.
420pm atm.
we wanted device agnostic squares.
you're right tho, we'll need to increase the sizes.
in pipeline.
tnx for feedback!
Mark it down...Today marks the end of the Phil Jackson dominance era with the Lakers'...
High on talent, low on heart...
Won't get it done
thanks Sasha, great to see you, too.
I love your work man, you're one of the best.
Thank you lady!
It's twenty degrees outside and dude's wearing sandals.
I will be appearing on The Jamie Kalicki Show on Tuesday January 10.
The show airs from 6 7pm on KJFK 1230am.
Make sure to tune in.
Not having a good day, are we?
:/
that happens to me more than I understand!
Ok peeps.
Whose at sxswi??
There are traditionally two loaves of bread on Shabbat, but at the seder we use three pieces of

we hope you will attend our event on Feb 22nd, 7pm, Oakwood North Clubhouse.
:
Criminal Minds, then the gym.
me either lmao
Wish I coulda been at Coachella last night
Saw John Carter last nite, it's a shame no one else has, it's a good movie  you see how everyone else has ripped off Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tired.
Gonna sleep well.
Tomorrow will hopefully be like today.
Feel like I was born again today.
I got a warning and promise to be better!
Snow on the brain thx to these folks!
The Comentator said and i quote this is a BLOWOUT 11396
thanks so much Veronick!!
Crazy storms..
Today gone be a good day
going to make money today.
and UGH..
i want to marry kristen stewart, i am so in love 3 : have a good day dudes.
Whole weekend off and I don't have any plans.
That is so true.
The former is a lost cause.
I will like to say thank you to my followers like and thank you
The guitar in the song Crazy Train is seriously fucking amazing.
I just now realised, I did fast after all,....was on a photo shoot and didn't have solids until after sunset....it was a subconcious act!
Prince guy is a beastt.!
RT : If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done...
Source Unknown
Thanks for the update and feel free to contact me if there's any other information you'd be interested in receiving
a chance to see snow this year with these mild temps?!
I'LL TAKE IT!
you're not really a tattoo guy
Are comments supposed to open up on the same page?
It looks like they do for a second, but then I get redirected to a new page.
I wish i can show u how much i love you but my crayons box went missing : lol
Just wanna be in my bed
Praying I'll still get straight As this year...
most of the chicks I knew that became Miss Auburn  I probably would have voted for Bessie.
or do you think they might be defective and i should return them for another pair?
Thank you so much Inken!
You're very sweet to everyone that you deserve best tweets!
I saw you got retweeted by Victoria :
Beer VS Wine!
Can't wait for Saturday !
Who's coming with me?
How can you cut through advertising clutter and make your brand stand out without spending a fortune?
Use promotional products.
Ok love
pearltrees is like mind mapping information on the web you care about
Your an asshole.
RT : Shout out to Crown Heights.
It has been 50 days since our last shooting.
KEEP IT UP CROWN HEIGHTS WE LOVE YOU
TheBestPartOfMyDayWas that brief sec when I 1st wake right b4 reality hits me again  all those terrible feelings come back:
Never tell people how to do things.
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
George Patton
at graduation ?
Ah how exciting!!
Did you know that Office of Child Support collects and disburses nearly 2 billion annually to more than 1 million Ohio childoctorn.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
John Wooden
People will feel valued if appreciation is delivered personally and individualized, also viewed as authentic.
J Charles on a stretcher....sounds about right
Didn't know was still in the news :P
you know eht!:
RT When do YOU think it will hit 100 in Tucson?
// Hopefully not too soon!
;
Picked up leaves whilst Magy protected me from the squirrels; we were both successful
A food fetish site, haha
life is so different blonde
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
Never rule 'em out, 'burbs included!
RT Getting ready to eat at restos in malls w/ and
depends which the person you're talking to hates more, 'cause you obviously don't like them if you're wedging anything in
Go Wildcats!!
tonight i'm spinning at Beckett's Public House on Lincoln ave!
Also, catch my mixes airing at midnight and 2 am cst on 1035 KISS FM Chicago!
Only 1 more spot in my december challenge left!!
It's so close and I'm so excited!
Life is too short to let other people's lack of professorssionalism get you down.
Just getting back from Germany.
I had such a great time there.
Met so many amazing peoples.
3
Just had my first RumChata experience.
More impressed its made in Pewaukee!
Rest in peace Gloria...
/3
Had a doctoram had some kinda disease  was bald  hahahah she'd literally kill someone if that happened
I'm all about my bread like a muffin
RELATIONS R NOT EXAMS 'TO PASS OR FAIL' ARE NOT COMPITITION 'TO WIN OR LOSS' THESE R ONLY FEELINGS IN WHICH U CARE SOMEONE MORE THEN U!
Pretty sure  except that was a number the director came up with.
King hates the film, likes Steven's better.

If you cant be thankful for what you receive, be thankful for what you escape.
It well be nice to be back up and running?
doctormmers kick ass they make the mood in a song
MT : Help me find a Marketing Analyst for Fancy name for Google Analytics  data interpreter whiz.
I bet we are currently replacing all bedding in all 416 rooms.
Talk about time consuming.
Wake up on ur own And look around you cuz you're not alone Release your high hopes and theyll survive Cuz dis is the future and youre alive
Blast!
next weekend/week we're on it!
I owe you a trainwatch
Watching Role Models
Bruno Mars is to cute!
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
This just seems like a never ending cycle.
When will it stop..
Seriously my fave Halloween movie is Hocus Pocus...for years now.
We're talking curling this hour on This sport is WAY too complicated for me to ever comprehend!
thanks!
I'm having fun with everyone
I dont know ..
is great on iPhone, I just have to remember to bring my charger.
I know, right?
I am in love with them.
Buffett39;s cancer to be No.
1 topic at Berkshire meeting
But in all seriousness, Ron Artest has to stop sugarcoating these losses, man.
Admit that it was BAD.
And that you'll do better.
FRIEND: Gives you 1 dorito GOOD FRIEND: Lets you have the last one.
BEST FRIEND: Stares at you smiling and eats all of them
RT Luessenheide Looking to network w/ other Christian Sabbath observers to create synergy , cooperation  communication.
ok then.
GAME ON!!
Thank you so much for watching HartOfDixie 3 I use Nuetrogena and Lancome!
They're great products for sensitive skin!
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes.
He said, No hablo ingles.
How do I become guide on the side in 7th grade?
Worried students will socialize instead of be self learners
is showing 4 paintings at the PrakSis gallery for the North Center Art Festival 79pm
yes I do
BOA.
Why don't you sky write the names of the people receiving 150,000 off their mortgages..
and if they miss their names then oops!
either is fine wiff me if i can get some moneyss
This is almost as fun as watching the national championship!
well perhaps u the one with the problem!
2 degrees right!
Hahahahaha!
Context clues!
Son of a bitch..
I gotta spam DM and I accidentally opened it.
..
Hey  You Are Much Too Kind ...
If Anything, Being in the Same Tweet is You is Nuthin' But Gravy :
Welcome to the team Cameron Lord!!!
A special thank you goes out to the fabulous , who emceed today's Hat Day.
We will miss you!!!
Sometimes, life doesn't go as planned...
but GOD has a reason for you, to change this generation!
...the Emory T.
Clark Family Foundation, the Schoenleber Foundation and the David  Julia Uihlein Foundation.
glad you like them!
The quantifiedself org actually funds video through the cc/
Honesty ion know where to start....
Waitin for my friend to come!
I kno he mad at me
thanks for making my brain EXPLODE.
been out to park city  snowbird in UT and Lake Tahoe.
Altitude  fresh powder are the things you notice ASAP.
A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you're at home.
Aaron Rodgers is a person!
Lol
: What's the relationship between Nike and Police...?
They both make black people run faster!
For BetseyWeek it's obviously TooToo!
I never took Bachmann seriously in Politics.
Blanket Politicians only bring up the issues MSM outlines
Raul Ibanez SCHOOLING his former team!
3Run HR!
i want some now too!
Haha
bullshit!
I highly doubt it hurts more than giving birth to kids sorry just no.
Congraulations, I am a preschool teacher.
Have a great 20112012 school year.
Wow.
Did that seriously just happen?
EA stirs controversy by adding gay characters to Star Wars game
I work with the greatest team of colleagues and partners in the professorssional swimming biz.
No doubt.
Getting it done.
2012 will be a huge.
Mess w/ Wildcats, and the rest of the pack will roar back.
Take that breathtaking arrogance
Have you staked out your area of the law?
For what in the law are you famous?
If I Google you or the subject is it easy to find your work?
tears in heaven
What will you cook to celebrate Mother's Day this weekend?
For the 200 Pacer fans thr aren't wearing the free yellow shirts for support....you suck
In reality: Guy likes girl status She's hot.
I'd tap.
When the ice cube in your doctornk turns sideways and blocks the rest of it
I have a great idea for a novella.
Unfortunately, it's literary SF.
I wonder if I make it pulp SF w/ the same core if it would be stronger.
Jan is cold.
If she was sitting across from you on a train, and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.
Facebook stole the hash tag like burger king stole the frappes
Selena goes and Justin bieber best couple in the planet!!!!!luv luv you two forever!!!!!!
Can I have a shoutout?
Please!
In Valencia...training at LA Fitness this morning.
Hm...I have never seen so many hack squat machines in one place.
What again?
Ticked off how could they not put through?!
so stupid
OMG I KNO YOU!!!
HEY doctorW!
I'm listening....
Effective immediately, I am now official and open for business!!
Just have to get my rates up and finish getting this on the roll!
New pet peeve: overuse of ellipses.
An ellipsis is not always a strong substitution for a comma.
Or, in your case, a permanent substitution.
man ....
Just chillin...
Trying to get some rest....
Had a hard week at the gig on some spaceship Shit.
Whatup doe?
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord before there are any actual hostilitiesIt is best to win without fighting
No Jimmy protested!!!
We're gonna rock that WIveGotTheStreets tag tonight.
:
I'd say..no...because some guys are ridiculously dumb..
Insomnia is soo bad right now
Be sure to join me and L.
Norsworthy at Southlake Mall in the Nubian bookstore as I release the new book to the public.
Catching up with one of our AWESOME college girls.
She is double majoring in Film Production and Business at UCR, making GTWT proud!
how excited are you to catch Pettitte again??
Let's Go Nolan!!!
Countdown begins, 2 months until Tia's opens for the 2012 season, warm weather can't come soon enough!
2011 will be tough to top!
Clips for a cause!SunJune5th 104,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes prebook now2563490Great time for a great cause
Fighting up next: Tulsa, Oklahoma.
OCTOBER 9TH!!!
Florent Quellier on gardens in Paris, 16th18th c., gardeners guild controlled food supply, but bourgeois could sell produce on market day.
i am a faithful ass nigga
My eyes are wideopen throughout the nighttime hours to reflect on your word.
Ps.
119:148
Thank you for supporting Assisteen poinsettia sales  thrift shop, can't beat the price and  go back into community programs!
You thought you'd have the last laugh, but baby you don't know me cuz your dead wrong   u see what doesn't kill u makes u stronger 
I'm in Indy!
OMG guess whose coming on today!
Your not going to believe this!
it was delicious!
and dinner/doctornks with a show!
lol
RT:All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity  importance  should be undertaken w painstaking excellenceMLKing Jr
no, thank you!
It was a blast
Did you get your 100 followers :
Once I realized it, I want you more than the world, if you want me to change, I will, I'm sorry..
The weather is heating up, and summer is almost here!
What's your favorite beer to doctornk in the warmer weather?
All of the above.
Stop breaking hearts lol RT Boys hate rejection...
chuckle
Hah, you know what the difference is between you and I?
I was smart enough to leave the bastard.
You, not so much.
lmao true that
i can read full article and there is nothing i can do rather then flying bets on my head
so painful.
I hope you wait a long time before you get summoned haha
Question: is it hard for guys to say i love you ?
: 98.6 of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's.
Doesn't prove anything
Why does the value of my car go down when my insurance goes up.
No bueno
: ff chef friends from over the pond  thx chef much love!
Thanks Myleik!!
;D
How can Mike McQueary email with no fists free?
Oh absolutely!
I mean, why wouldnt I want a man that could fit a baby kangaroo in his pants?
Thanks, Nathan.
why not this weekend?!
My cat has been crying for me for the past 90 minutes.
It's 2 am.
any chance there's some of your own college experiences captainred in ?!?!
for all of us inshallah!
They looked great.
Anytime someone mentions Red Hot Chili Peppers I throw up in my mouth a bit.
Thanks for making me feel sick
Take control of your life..
That is the only way to find happiness and fulfillment...
rookie mistake
Thanks, Mari.
I've never tried cheesemaking, but my brother loves to make mozzarella  I will pass this along to him :
Hey, no one said the Zookster couldn't recruit.
That's odd.
We will check with our warehouse as soon as they are in today and get back to you.
Massumi in an instinctive act the living thing is indexing self to transindiv flow of becoming
oh okay yeah cuz i told her i wanted to go but my wrist started hurting again last week
exciting news of a new project is swirling around the office this morning and getting everyone focussed for a great 2011
baseball beat Oakland 32 to tie school record of 37 wins set in 1996.
Hugs to all my friends
CALL Q93 FM.5042609393 TO VOTE FOR NO4 ft.DMX TELL YA FRIENDS WOW HOW MANY CALLERS CAN WE GET TONIGHT??
The link to 5 reasons to read picture books to childoctorn dumps everyone out...and I can't access wikimommy at all :
and if someone can't decipher basic courtesies, maybe they aren't as smart as they think they are?
Those people suck at life
delicious looking marsala.
It's not too late to commit to your New Year's Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
I hate this class.
I am SO over school.
AustinChangedOurLives Mahomies will trend this to be the one :
500th tweet goes out to the love of my life!!
yeah thanx for that NOT I was quite excited when you said you had a present for me well then 
First class.
Blonk
Thank you, Blanca!
: Good minds work well together:
: Interior Tips Before painting a room, wipe down the walls and tape off all molding.
Great tip!
There is nothing cuter than 14 year old goth kids in love.
Thanks for hosting and post formal!!
Her son didn't have autism in the first place.
you can thank him personally at Tony's on Friday
Where's my little sister when i need to talk to her?!
ZANEAAAAA!!!!
Dimas among my favorite Olympians growing up, definitely top 10, maybe top 5.
Why isn't Shannon Elizabeth in more movies?
She's hot.
I RT and hit favorite Cuz I couldn't choose:
I miss NYC.
Can't wait return in late April for a few days.
: If doesn't lower her music i will punch her in the tits continuously  psycho bitch alert
That'll happen.
RT : I think I just got REM.
Bloody typical, eh.
Que Viva Nuevo Mexico, Que Viva!
Happy 100BirthdayNM, land of enchantment or land of entrapment...nothing but love for ya.
Amazing lemonade stand at 1916 Burling, benefits alexs lemonade stand, childoctorn with cancer
I decided to face reality today.
Won't be doing that again anytime soon.
Gah!
Now the company is blocking my site at work.
Does this mean I can blog about the job in safety now?
Probably not.
Bitch we B.B.E fuck who dnt like!
RT 200,000 jobs added in December.
Most of them Walmart greeters to help load peppersprayed customers to ambulances.
Fishers had a citytown study committee in 2009 and CityYes submitted 1700 petitions in May 2010?
Why the delay?
since i can't watch the game live, i better wake up in the morning to having another championship title
I am so blessed to be where I am right now.
Way too many good people in this world to focus on a few bad ones.
Shiiit I do.or they see subtweets RT Omg tell em RT : Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all
Everyone please pray with me as my mother goes under a surgical procedure on her throat.
Thank you all in advance
Considering the many ways people can contact each other these days, YES!
I rage all over the map.
You just rage in berea.
Goodnight loser :
GASO Championship Monday!
thanks for spreading the good word!
Too hot to walk to Central Market yet?
Even the largest, sexiest brands have less than 4 engagement on Facebook.
a year ago i wrote on here, the weather tonight is as perfect as it can be, and the same's def true tonight.
this's my fav time'a year 3
Feeling blessed
on fone w/ wireless co at lunch to manage text spambut kind of hilariously, roboresponder is answering his own questions.
sorry for what Ali is going through.
I wish you the best!
I know my mom struggled finding answers when I was a baby.
only 4x?
what?
only?
he noticed me once /3 lol but thank you  yee and austin loves you..
he loves we all remember that!
so Tristin took me on a date tonight : we went ice skating.
Wat up doe
This song was produced to the max capacity.
Amazing.
I cannot wait to work out tonight.
No crown more glorious than that thorn one she's wearing in that diatribe.
Google kind of awesome!
It probably won't be nearly as much fun once everyone else can use it though.
This work of Art will leave you lifeless, and speechless.
If you have not seen it, ''get off your ass and go'' Janet Jackson is ''OVER'
Being childlike in our design, being honest, being kind l, being personal  gives us an advantage
: Aw, thanks for sharing it!
My Yelpers sound great.
I however, was a little nervous...
Black people make the best kool aid lol stg!
Thank you for the much appreciated
Badgers in the sweet 16 reminds me of the FRG days..
Would love to be in the front row at super dome on thurs!
Right ?
:
Skinny Love3
Kevin Minemier bk in court 4 restitution hearing.
Heading there now.
What's the price tag 4 stabbing  trying to kill yur friend?
Thoughts?
Where is everyone volunteering for Park Day 2012?
We want to hear from you!
Mane tomorrow gone be a long day.
No sleep tonight  gotta doctorve all day
I love that show.
Mac Book Pro...
The only way to go...
Btw, U're Awesome!
:
Just went to bath and bodywork!
Now smell like a thousand different scents
That's IMPOSSIBLE!
Cus the whole Universe knows that ILOVEYOUMOST!
ENDOFSTORY.
XD.
omg!!
i hope you can tell her i will litterally start crying.
like no joke i actually will
not lucky, just good .
.
.
at my job!
Best recoord in baseball
but I heard Blake and your mom were throwing a rager!!
So jealous haha, wasn't planning on it.
It's halftime.
What I thought would never be and what I thought would be has change.
What I know will be is what I never wanted it to be.
Eric Baum of Sony Pictures at Production Conference  These views are my own and NOT Sony's.
Nice entrance.
agreed.
Too bad H doesn't agree.
If you aren't watching the new Rickey Gervais show, Life's too Short, you really need to.
Both of the first two episodes were amazing.
thanks for the RT's yesterday!
nowlistening Put a Penny in the Slot  first time I heard this song, I had to pull my car over.
Strong stuff.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
Based on worn merchandise, tomorrow's game will feature the Giants vs.
the Colts.
Almost no Patriot presence.
Eli on SNL in 30 minutes.
.
...Cat People Notorious erotic horror film from 1982 with Nastassja Kinski atsa good 1!
malcolm mcdowell's always weird.
Looks great!!
Did you do the sites or the logos?
ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3.
It's in great condition.
Anyone interested.
Minimum of 350
stevenson look like he straight out da hood.
Tools that can make your job and your personal life a bit easier.
The 5 most useful social media tools from the past week via
Hahahahahahahahaha yeah, that's why.
Love these late nights working at the MLSdigi office :
Theres a big guy standing outside my car
This night officially suck butt!
No plans at all and no one is texting back....
Blah!
haha thanks T
Life is funny like that/sometimes its bugged the fuck out/sometimes I take it to the church/sometimes I just like to hang out
Run is done, grass is mowed...yoga is next, then some fun in the jeep for the rest of the day...YES!
:
that awkward moment when you think you're not perfect in every way..
Happy birthday to the bro bro tho
done!
I assume you'll leave the snark on the personal account only :
yea, more emails gotta love the communication between founders
I get bored way to easy...I need
Lmao x' : Don't judge me!
:  Neat o?x : The battleship movie commercial used predato ...
Very: Interesting RT : Jason Russell the guy who made the Kony documentary was arrested last night for...
Poor fakers getting embarrass for the second time in 3 games lol
great job at EBWW.
You are an inspiration!
On my way to the shed.
It's a beautiful day for life love and real friends.
I appreciate everyone of you, love and respect.
joshua
The Rogues were simply amazing!
hahaha I like that.
You still in Cali?
I'm moving to San Fran in a couple of weeks
REMINDER: Every jumbled pile of person has a thinking part that wonders what the part that isn't thinking isn't thinking of.
Gotta blackout after that
What are your favorite hot air balloons this year?
you might want to check that handleas I'm  those aren't my socks :
Thanks for the Follow!
We couldn't follow ur last link to the city resolution for support of local artists.
Post it again?
who WOULDN'T want to play for a winning team..
easy choice : 
thanks 4 the follow :
Oh ok sorry, I'm n Miami RT : what state!?
Okay, here goes: tweet!
Wow, the interwebs may never be the same.
Bout to hoop anybody wanna come
it's funny cause this tweet is incredibly true....
oh please it's not like we would ever see these guys ever again...
Can I twitter from my phone?
Today in 1865 US President Abraham Lincoln was shot while at the Ford theatre in Washington and died the next day
IMAX strives against limits, exemplifies lure of boundlessness in contemporary media cultureMary Ann Doane
Waiting for an oil change.
Way past due, just can't put it off anymore.
Thank you!!!!
Who is your favorite celebrity to follow on Twitter?
We'd love to know.
tomorrow at skullys
Had an 11hand run at the blackjack tables.
The endofthemonth heroics rear their head again as I make
I am not sure people who salmon ride are on twitter RT Always ride in the same direction as traffic whether on the sidewalk or road
Thank you too!
You're a great friend x
second one should
Same here!
On my way to Salt Lake City this morning and then on to Fresno.
This is going to be a transformational week.
Selling a car via Craigslist.
Kill me now.
Yeah it's time to take a stand !!!!!
Seattle SuperSonics is trending.
That has to be a buzzkill for OKC fans.
It isn't going away quietly.
where you at
At daa hotel:
.
The storm is over...
got a rainbow picture!
Spent 2 hrs sorting closet, changing seasonal wardoctorbe, making donation bag,etc
There is such a thing is social media overload, but I'm not there!
LOL!!
The key is to consider your life style and balance it!
Bit of a argument happening...President Clinton also wanted to sing Baby Got Back...may do a duet...
60 still lmao how about you
Tracy told me to tell u were at applebees
There is a  relationship between inches of snow and photos on my FB friends' professories
its on fox but on my guide it dont say it
Watching Sting on Ellen and he has a lady dancer in a red doctorss.
Looking forward to seeing him tomorrow night at Masonic Center.
This TA must not understand the meaning of blank stares.
: Everybody hit the gym
Hey, Nice pic of the Falls.
Just so you know, you're in my hood.
Which is a lot cooler than saying neighborhood.
Evidently.
that's good!
:
Lol thanks!
Tell your mom i said hello RT : Happy bday red bull!
Just had a total moment with : Do you know your HSI email addoctorss?
No, it's on my bill and I have paperless billing...
they say words cut deep like meat cleavers, nah i dnt even speak much they label me a peace keeper.
open your doe hoe
21JumpStreet funniest movie of the Year!
I didn't know you guys had a softball team!
Do you play against the other govt agencies?
i just replied bruh
We will be shooting the hospital scene for the Christian Movie Without a Father on Friday and Saturday Dec 1112 in San Antonio.
No way Denver should win IN or against Patriots and that's not an indictment on Tebow but talent.
Shock the World!!!
Different metrics for success in social media: volume, sentiment, or even as small as changing small business' life
Thank u my sir RT : Congrats to my bro officially walking that stage today
Maker Faire shuttles have begun from Fairlane mall.
Who did I miss?
Anyone?
Travis.
Right, not gonna happen.
I think that about covers it.
25 to choose from and only 2 look promising.
ALL 2012 COLLEGE graduate's CONGRAT'S..
How many of you attended the MobileUXCamp DC?
If not, be on the lookout for the presentations!
Gonna go to bed : inagoodmood3 !
haha love you too!
yeah convinced me!
I'm lovin it.
Already a gorgeous day in SantaMonica!
Happy Easter!
hahaha it feels like study hall with schnecker was yesterday!
Micalanne Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
Cool!
Could you please link me to that blog post about asexuality on House?
RT: : Last week for Birth of Impressionism!
Wonderful exhibit!
So many iconic paintings, including Whistler's Mother!
ran away, well, as long as Alexis is happy, i am.
Myers RBI single with the bases loaded puts the score at 30 before Haack's threeRBI double puts the Cajuns up 60.
SBCSB
No problem ;D I'm doing well, how are you ?
:D
Great game between Patterson  Gonzaga.
It feels like a Friday, but it's not
San Diego social media symposium
then how would any have the chance to take you serious.
Sounds lonely.
dang where do u work?
happy national chocolate day
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL lets go Raiders can we give the packers there 1st lose?
Have a great day everyone wish your teams the best.
everyone deserves to be mourned
Can you follow me i just did!!!!
Prayers, peace of mind, 
can't hear the cowboy bebop introduction without also hearing bill cosby going YA SEE
wassup wit u today?
hey, i am following you, how's your classes?
I love your name!
Ballet is a great way to feel graceful in your movement!
Thanks for following!
Some day my man...
Let me know when you buy a cruise ship to take to the bahamas.
i wish i could grow a mustache at my old age.
would love to give a magical mustache ride
Dishonesty is not always a lie.
I can't help it 
Is a milky way bar considered food enough that I can take my medication with?
I only read, look at books, and sketch.
And daydoctoramdaydoctoraming's important too.
Karl Lagerfeld
if you hate ICONIACS so much that you talk shit bout us then why do you follow me bitch?!
the Downtown Y!
Great Group fitness classes  instructors!
Ah, another endemic problem of newspapers online.
Stuff...everywhere!
The Pinch: Discounts offered to celebrate Tax Day
getting off.
Is there a line between what is, and what isn't art...?
How I adore the play, The Shape of Things by Neil LaBute.
:
thank you man!
Things great, how about you?
Been a long time since the bus 22 days.
I love Galveston too.
: I am only an hour from there.
: like little texas once sang god blessed texas
A big shout out to our new followers!
You are very appreciated!
:
Bird on my deck: are you a Western Kingbird or a Mockingbird?
I will customize my seed offerings since you're the only bird that visits me.
the shxt you see on facebook smh
Looks like I stuck myself on that one..
Maybe someday you will ask where is that girl who liked to cry?
Maybe she does not like to cry but you would like to
I know about all kinds of top secret projects.
Maybe you should come to CovertTU and we can compare...
I don't know you anymore.
Joplin, MO destroyed and gets news coverage for a day, heavy winds and rain in NE and media treats it like armageddon
Ugh!
I need something to do.
.
.
Haha , guys don't understand girl issues lol :
I am learning how to knife throw for a hobby.
and having someone throw knives at me.
This just got awesome
how are you?
3
what time are you comng over?
the mpvie is at 7:30, come over at like 6?!?!?!
you should give a shout.
She is a huge fan.
School is hitting hard again for me too : Who assigns a 10 page paper and presentation for the day after sb?
Never stop doctoraming.
On my way to work ...
got to get on my grind early ...
that was gonna be my next guess
Wow guys Working out is one of the best things in the world!
RT I lost a follower : Naw you got one!
yahoo?
or facebook?
smoking may seem cool when you're 15, but you pay for it 10 years later.
But, IQuitSmoking!
Jon Temte points out that Google isn't necessarily a bad way to find information, as long as you know how to evaluate what you find.
Thankfully I'm only guilty of 1  the FB birthday messages.
Although I do word them differently for everyone.
So it looks like I get to go home.
I've got a rotten gallbladder that's been causing all these problems.
Back on air Wednesday evening.
yep I love it!
Agreed.
How could they be passing lanes when everyone knows they're really parking lanes?
It's my first time listening through but I LOVE Over You.
Makes me think dearly of a friend that recently passed every time.
Think you mean ombre, but hombre is good too ;
She's preaching this thang!!!
RT : Stop this vicious cycle of the old school network marketing techniques and learn the new model of attraction marketi ...
Leheigh over Duke?
Norfolk over Mizzo?
How about 5 unanswered goals from NoDak to lead 53 over Minnesota!
You guys are going to make me all teary.
Love, love, and love to you both!!!
xoxoxo
Time for some call of duty...
but I think Im gonna play call of duty 4..
Are you here today?
We're headed down to Capitol Grille in a bout 15 minutes!
Is that a request or a lament?
If it weren't for chocolate milk, by now I would have snapped and you'd all be dead.
you own the 50thRolex24 job well done!
Mhmmm going home :
Thank for for all your Boba explanations..
To be honest if I wanted balls in my tea I'd rather..
Wait.
Um.
Let's just forget that shall we.
Went into iTunes to look at one thing...30 minutes later all I want to do is buy buy buy.
Karen Lamb said A year from now you'll wish you had started today.
So what is stopping you from starting right now?
Today the sun rises for me....
Everything seems to speak to me of my passion ...
And all day long, I will LIVE it.
Ana Lam
Today I asked HRW AGAIN just to identify which Libya militias torture prisoners so I can meet w/ militias to help stop it.
HRW refused.
I don't wanna see it.
I made French lemon creme brûlée on Saturday afternoon.
It was all gone by Saturday night.
So sad.
the stone that the builder refused will always be the headcornerstone...
this is rolling round my head
Conversations on the phone with my girlfriend 
Wow did the week go by fast, what's everyone doing this weekend?
I love you more!
How are we in the same town and haven't seen each other?!
figured I'd try this twitter thing again..
Hi everyone
I hated that when we did that here last year.
Blech.

off topic  The Astros beat Cardinals 2 out of 3  could they be contenders?
:
Hey guys about to go to my gail cell which is school!!!
Ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha ok I'll check it.
ReTweet if You Like Beer, Boobs and Bacon
rewarding mediocrity : Notre Dame gives coach Brian Kelly 2year contract extension.
tell misterand mister hello!

Hahahahaha.
RT Financial crimes unit?!
NEW LAW AND ORDER SERIES!!!!
SOTUhttp://
We do not post that info in site would be glad to speak with you tied up next few days with family
red line single tracking towards shady grove.
Stopped at Farragut north station.
It is 1 thing to report something thru your chain of command, it's another thing to be a good citizen  report a crime to the authorities...
yea I love jay garricks new orgin its like hals origin but dying god instead of alien
ayyee i freaking love u!!!!
Omg boyfriend is amazing 3 can u please follow back please!!
Much Love.
Thank you3
Yes your eyes look stunning!:
Love nurtures the emotional body; understanding fills the voids created by pain.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Cruel Intentions
wish i could
I like being mean.
I've never been more excited for any Weekend Show....ever.
Just realized my guinea pigs' water bottle leaks.
I was starting to think they had diabetes.
I'm being called lame because I take care of the kids.
How is that lame?
The will to live will always outweigh the ability to die.
Today's work day is done!
Off to library to pick up some books from circ then home.
Hmm, what to do, what to do...
MT has just been in a meeting at House of Lords.
Also sat in on live Lords debate on the Education Bill.
What an inspiring place.
I have the urge to splurge, the need for speed, the desire for...a fire?
I'm just in a crazy mood!
ah!!!!
ok soo is yo company name BSM?
I need your company logo , you can send it to me in my email and your picture.
All of a sudden , Im not sleepy
: Positive people around me  : : ur only missing me!
miss u boys tonite!
It's pathetic how I can't even sit at home for one night.
Smart activation by Olay for Grammys red carpet giving one lucky winner the chance to walk the red carpet.
It was really suttle, and can only be seen after watching it multiple times.
He's dirty
misty!
You're blog is so inspirational!
I'm also a huge fan of the OWN network Oprah is such an incredible spiritual teacher
Scientific tests find that when women make love they produce amounts of the hormone estrogen, which makes hair shine  skin smooth.
Happy Birthday.
.
.
Maybe it's time to graduate to become a Black Belt Bachelor.
ha!
Has he explained the DC vs.
Marvel rivalry yet?
feelin good this morning ohio state in the final 4 checkthe stats my team winning
is that the deschanel one?
lol...what u tryna play next year?
I'm back
I would disagree.
There's something about hand eye coordination that comes with writing that is lost with a keyboard and mouse
Strategies when program begins, First  If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.
Who yall think bout to win this game??
dallas vs oklahoma its hella close but im thinking
looking for a hit record?
hit me up then!
I love when people say i cant do somethin, because i always prove them wrong in the end
Tracking new songs tonight at Flowers Studio in Minneapolis tonight!
Can't wait to see kill it on stage tonight.
thanks Rachel : really excited!
Patience, perseverance and passion for the project: redesigning library website.
So true!
line MAX train and meet me at Pioneer Courthouse Square.
Trying to disturb Louise's studies as little as possible.
your face is like a melody, it wont leave my head
Wish was selling a vitamix
Yes, but mostly by remembering them, since age 3, and try to analyze patterns and sequences.
Recall many from decades ago.
I text you.
You dont text back.
I feel stupid.
NP Party Girl  Asher Roth X Meek Mill
shopping for yoga wear is extremely disheartening.
these models' poses are insane.
So On the plane our pilot told us LAX was shut down And we would have to stop in Vegas instead.
Best Aprilfools Of the Day haha.
Industry images submitted by Elin and Lydia  one week email going out to photogs
Unending at that!
Having an emotional breakdown over graduation.
Thanks buddy!
Hope you are doing well!
If you lie to get out of jury duty  brag about it on the radio, you get charged with felony perjury in Denver.
Hat tip:
for some reason it is not showing as an option in the browser and is greyed out in the Twitter App  can you try to DM me pls?
thanks bro
Well since I was home maybe 5 hours this whole weekend, my homework will have to wait until the period before it's due tomorrow
horrible happens and I don't want anyone to die fjfjrkfkffskdjd
Only one reason to buy Soul Caliber V.
Ezio.
Dammit Ezio.
It's a wonderful day at The University of Aesthetic
WAR EAGLE
My friend feel the same way bout me i eat so much but dnt gain nun
Civil War Washington as a digital geographical case study of the city over crucial 5 year period
agreed.
There's some insanely funny moments and great one liners.
But I'm not sure I like it.
Or what it says about us youngins.

We will release the details in the coming days over twitter  stay tuned !
The best job in the world?
NEVER!
RT : If you win, would you leave NBC 5?
Yeah, it definitely puts a crimp in one's lifestyle when you have to be home at a certain time to feed them.
that argument me  my sister just had   smh
Lets go !
follow me plzz
Loving the sheep's milk ricotta  pear ravioli at Telepan
Breaking down and installing Office on the Mac.
It's pretty there.
I used to fish the Fox River.
Will be a great, relaxing getaway for you two
I agree completely
This cold is kicking my ass
Get prepared ahead of time.
Keep it real, people.
Hehe.
I promise I'll try.
Just for you.
:
Stress you ?
Nah, imma dead you, forget you, act like I never fucking met you.
I wrote the beautiful song for a very special girl you might know who it is RT if you want me to perform it live on twitcam friday
thanks for the follow!
You have a great list of client artists.
Are you based in New York?
Art Blakey and homemade acorn squash/sweet potato soup
I don't think it's cheating.
what is it???
Damn, Blake Mills on Conan!
mla12 s305 Rolland Murray: institutionalization of minority lit study has redefined ideological functions of works by writers of color.
Is there a SanDiego police scanner website?
Sirens make me curious...
Hey all you facebook junkies try this experiment of mine..With out hesitation right the first thing that comes to mind that starts with a S
no seriously though, grunge
This is the first day of the rest of your life.
Make it count
just watched The Guild.
Were you at Codex/Cyd's party?
Tue May 15th doctorps It for Party!
that's very cool.
It is so awkward on the bus
Can't sleep, time to watch TheGuild again!
This show is my second fave after
thanks dude
Jesus isn't afraid of your four day stink.
John11
yeah, Ikr?
The time changes always mess me up, it may be more!
Who knows?!
i gotta assume they just want to make it more of a 2 back system cuz the injury last season scared em, plus tightpockets in chi
At frys baby.
What a great opening night!
Can't wait to see what the rest of the season brings...
Thanks to all who helped us kick off the 2012 season!
of course!
I enjoyed it.
Thanks for sharing great insights
Hilton Head, South Carolina
Next year, I'm doing it.
If i want to chase my doctorams, i actually have to do something..
Tip: Don't get salary obsessed when you investigate a veterans charity.
High salaries can be bad but are not necessarily so.
Shh...
I see stupid people!
Looking forward to it!
: So excited to have talking about Jockey's PR at the SMMS!
Every day gets a little better....then it gets tougher
i dont has a wristband D: i cant get one til the 7 of august D: can you hold on for me?
marquette is gonna be a tough out in the tourney!
So fucking awkward like I cant.
I cannot
How, I ask, can one be expected to forgive the perpetrators of wrongs that may well affect the course of one's future?
Agreed.
Bacon is absolutely universal.
Ah.
It would sound so good as a blurb.
Can we con somebody into saying it so we can quote it?
what about our gorgeous singer
so im a music producer, and i need a rapper  a singer.
Just take me away from all that I am.
You are really into arts and crafts today
nice to see you tonight missy!
Building WordPress blogs minimoney sites I hope will bring me some chaching.
Big Red needs to go off on his players on the sidelines.
Inexcusable penalties
Time 2 get ready work..
the grind never stops
Booking a hotel for tomorrow night.
Splitting trip in half.
doctorving halfway tomorrow night , rest on Wednesday.
Staying in Birmingham.
The steak bocadillos at the Sonora Grill are crazy good.
Didn't think it could get better than their caramelos.
My allergies are coming back ; red bumps all over my body again.
No problem.
Lots more if you ever need them.
One of my internships was really me exploring the city since it was travel writing
One last ride down the race track, and up, up, and away!
Carroll Shelby GT,
Red eyes no visine
Motivation does not lead to success, commitment does
I love the simpsons picking on the Fox football robot...nobody likes you!
so true Homer, so true!
Romney would make a great Christopher Guest character.
I'm thinking Fred Willard.
didnt get to go to the gym today .
blarrgghhh
Won the championship!
WEDNESDAY SEE ME
are you coming with me this friday?
:D bestiesforlife
More than aliveThe Ready Set
thinking my favorite time of year in NM is the fall.
WHAT CHANNEL
New Report Global Yeast Market Published by MarketsandMarkets
Playing at 79pm tonight!
My first show of the year.
It's good to be back.
Cassy, but I think there is merit in vegging out too...
I like to go see movies sometimes just to enjoy getting lost in them:
too bad white sox lost yesterday.
:
or virginity.
Keep on doctoramin' even if it breaks your heart 3
Surprised with flowers from a client, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority at work!
It's nice to know my work is appreciated.
Thanks ladies!
UGA students come on out to the Tate Center.
Meghan is at the FSU table today!
High performance leadership is within reach of anyone.
What changes can you make today to have better leadership within your organization?
Cannabis Sativa is a cure....Not a doctorg....Get wit the program Ppl....
Having someone you really dislike as your reader
Owling, the new planking?
Book your taxi online!
Just visit www.broadwaycab.com right now!
So easy and you don't even have to stand up!
This time...make it a Kurzweil
Free Pies for Pi day out in the Library Quad!
Get some before it's all gone!
needing a good nights sleep tonight!
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Use new Occupational Outlook Handbook online to research best career options for you.
hahaha i swear i looked retarded as ever.
embarassing.
hey Text me I got some funny stuff to tel youu!!
812 573 3225
Trying to get together a plan for Memorial Day Weekend.
Anyone doing anything fun/want to do anything fun?
Water  Booze is a requirement
Today's BTU inspiration: If you're not perpetually surprised by the fact of your existence, then you don't deserve to exist.
Tagore
Guy in front of me on the bus is reading Godel Escher Bach.
Who says only nuts ride the bus?
Superbad is still so funny.
i can't handle it.
really?
That's surprising.
Filming in CANO's upcoming music video tomorrow in the lead role of the Club Owner!
Look out for it soon!
Love da Gotye,FUN,Anything f/Grouplove or YTG Albums, Foxy Shazamlisten to me preach these things in school they don't teach
When faculty are suspicious of librarians, you have to doctorss like one of them.
didn't make it for that!
But, I did see Joey save his sandwich from a gun shot
yea who is this tho?
idont have yur number saved, text me.
BAVC Kat Cizek advises filmmakers to extend documentaries beyond just showing and telling with tactile elements
will you guys being signing autographs anywhere at the altar bar in pittsburgh for the outbreak tour?
Had a wonderfull time at Long beach!!I love it!!Got such a good tan..Cant wait for the next country to visit which is Canada!YAY!!!
xoxoxoxo
I'd rather have no friends than fake friends.
Don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating accidental like on a breeze sums up krup so far.
Auto DMs are the worst.
And unfollowing the person is so difficult
Countys start tomorrow.
Lets bring home the championship halls.
We can do this :
I'm pretty sure Stephen A.
Smith was born without an inside voice
10 empty bottles of champagne in the recycling today.
Now that's what I call a brunch.
you bet.
See you on 6/9 for our Four Families Date Night...
ike your an extremley desperate pig that will fuck anything with a vagina.
It's beautiful out today...
TRIVIA: Endesha Baraka Eagle Chapter is located on what campus?
The last time that I can remember being this close to a sellout crowd was in 2006 for the Charity Game.
Congrats to the Ads!
why thank you!
:
Love seeing the girls on ERedCarpet!
We write songs off fan contributions, lyrics,riffs,MIDIfiles,rants,poems,journal entries, anything really.
if ur sending to everyone I wanna see lmao
Bang bang shrimp!
thank you kindly ;
new songs comin to yall radio soon
what ride are you at????
Matthew Perry has purty eyes.
it floors me every time I hear Ellen sing, we aren't who I thought we could be / but I don't always listen to me.
Kennard, Nadzam Named to SEC Community Service Team: Kennard was a volunteer at the Ronald McDonald House, Club 3:16 and Lake Pointe ...
I lose like 2 followers a day haha.
NP Bird On A Wire  x RiFF RaFF
happy birthday, Chris!!
I can't wait for the new record!
xo
Farewell, Minneapolis/St.
Paul...
Do u know people that talk talk talk and in ur head u like ya ya ya???
I DO!!!
The big10expo is the morning of March 9, which is also the Big Ten BBall tourney.
Start off the weekend with a networking event!
you shouldn't feel insulted..
She forgot how to speak English...
She's known that for 21 years
it is democracy.
But it doesn't mean the outcome is progressive.
What were you saying again?
.
probably modular plastic models would be fine
You're very welcome.
Teaching guitar lessons all evening
That's the complicated way of cutting yourself.
Our After School Acting Club's show is 2/28  SY Jackson.
Come and see what they've been up to this month!
Contact our office for info.
Two days of TextMate and I came running back to vim.
I just can't navigate without command mode.
Confusion cleared.
Thanks Sandoctor!
Looking forward to tweeting with ya!
agreed!
MT : I dont think will ever be for everyone.
But it should be okay for more people.
And for junior scholars
who wants to rendezvous ?
heyy what are u doing tonightt?
Chuckie has chicken pops
I like your background, but I don't know how to tell you.
It's not like facebook.
I can't write on your wall!
Wonderful!
Book 2 Hint: It's a love story.
I miss winter ;c
Treat her like a dog, call the bitch lacy.
It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction.
Fiction has to make sense.
Mark Twain
In case my pitch was exciting, more here: textlab.org
very interesting
lets go axe man!
Dude I had the same ref at UofO 25 yrs ago
Heading to Elton John's first concert in Vegas residency comeback at Caesars.
An inside look on Fox 5 News at 10!
Today is a weird day !
A weird weird day!
we need something!
I mean, it's Goldwater country, but this is getting ridiculous out there!
Does anyone know what all the Supa Saints twitters are?
We want to follow them!
Can the SCOTUS adjudicate being backward ass country fcks?
Gimme 20.
Then do your resume.
Biatch.
I would do it!
No doubt
was just asked if i was available for a meeting on 11/8.
WHAT!?!?
November 8th!?!?
That is months from now, right?
while i redo my myspace page, and request you as my friends all over again.
What's the world coming to been tweeting LOL!
Ahh.
Their playin in detroit but the tickets im buying are like 246 dollars but he's cutting it in half for meh, ilikecats!
I wish would do a show about students in debt.
60,000 and counting, and I'm only 20.
A senior in college, I'm not the only.
haha i love that game
Thefuqk the light flickering and shit?
I love you more than life itself gurl ; : :o ......
/3 I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME!
Orlando, Florida
Leaving Watergate for home.
6min commutes are highly advantageous :
: no lol.
You two are hysterical.
A modern day Stan and Holly.
Facebook reserving the ticker FB.
Will they list on NYSE or Nasdaq?

At the end of the day Samira  Breanna are my bestfriends/family.
They are always there for me to lean on  my rock through it all !
When cries when she thinks of the or Jonathan Quick.
omgg.
nice call.
Maybe Antonio Bryant too.
but I don't skate :/
AFAs REQUIRE attorney/client communication at all stages.
seattle.
good to be back in you
i sent you some tracks!
Yea yea wateva

how was Vegas?
Did you have fun  get a tan?
Great to see you back online!
thxs 4 following i followed u : so tommorz u get a SO
Thank u for bringing up this race issue.
Goes both ways, especially when certain analyst think RG3 will be better than Luck
ePub session at stc11 is standing room only
Thanks for the follow, Lillian
I am who I am.
Don't like it?
I don't care.
Ya'll wanna hear my music??
Texas Crawfish Festival today.
:
1 new shirt added weekly on Thursdays!
We already have the queue loaded until February!
dear dc foodie friends: do you know ?
she's a local food writer for WaPo, Washingtonian, and CityEats.
:
reclamale a el entonces y dime a donde van a ir?
my article Rewriting Genre in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls Trilogy will be available on Project Muse in Sept, in print this fall!
Pierce doctorps a Tebow?
People are still doing that?
I bet can hook you up with some shooting doctorlls  they love doctorlls.
Right ?
You know what I want?
I want yesterday.
Natalie Wood
I love my gay guys3 but plse plse stop tryna to holla on the low.
laughed when i saw spenser!
:
Select from 10 different Darjeeling teas on sale.
Darjeeling is known worldwide as the Champagne of teas, a wonderful India black tea.
RT : What about the history of developers and microsoft going forward?
Dude!
It was Chic White Sox 6 Oak 0 at the top of the 4th...Now it's 77 Top of the 9th...WTF?!?!
What a crummy past few months for WI sports fans, so close, yet so far away.
I'm at the tech class too!
Cold Temperatures Rock South Texas!
At Express Lube, we'll make sure your vehicle's antifreeze is providing adequate protection.
putting that bitch all in yo business and thats the same bitch that'll gimme a kidney!
Sorry to be that guy; but, entertainment flacks: Hollywood stands alone in all press release datelines.
doctorve home and all the street lights were out.
Watching the game of course !
LT won't have to deal with that tyrant next year 
Stirsman could you kindly point out to this gentleman what sunglasses he is wearing in his professorle picture?
true.
I was there yesterday, Blackmon is going to be a beast.
I've been trying 2 get you 2 follow me for so long that it feels like it been years please end this lifetime of disappointment!
RT Our cat ran away.
Bay View people, if you see the cutest catty ever, its mine.
Her name is Sweets but she'll answer to FweeFwee
Shooting new sketches for our online series 'The Grind' this weekened: GamerNerdmania!!
where have you been : I texted you a few times no reply
Check email Sean.
has my home email and follow me on Twitter!
Coming tonight!
Currently reading the Amfleet safety instruction booklet.
If you let me, here's what I do, I'll take care of you.
:
I want to scratch my chest off right now.
This was not a good idea.
We need people to see the epic conclusion of MauSe!
It's only right end it on a real doctormatic note!
pitch book on your iPad!
green sleek 
Did you forget about NSD today!?
The bus ride back home .
.
ctfuu !
Short for what?
Scotch and water?
Today's trouble is enough for today.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought!
Anonymous
Holy shit.
skate deck.
Consider it ordered.
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN!!
3 :D
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face.When he calls you hot, he likes your body.When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart.
absolutely will do.
:
He tries hard?
igotnothin RT : Can someone please explain the fascination with Colt McCoy in Cleveland?
Whats wrong crystal
You guys have my permission for the crown for this year and beyond.
5/22  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kevin Flynn
Today at Noon!
Tune into: MARINA's Highnrg Fitness Musical Health Talk featuring Cat Migliaccio  Brandon Osborn will air on FTNS.CO...
Awesome last night out on the East Coast.
It was Legend...wait for it...
It's the rap monger rap monster earl sweat attack conquer
If sportsbooks were legal in AC casinos, their popularity/handle would rival/surpass LV in short order
Hey Arnold
lets go on a walk then !
salty millionaire?
this is stupid i hate feeling this way
Poor Charlie.
At least no cone of shame.
will there be an online stream for this game or am I out of luck?
Id invite you for breakfast, but you dint make any 
damn..
you've got a point :
Can't wait to hang out w my neighbor later!!!!
come 
RT Who Wants Britney Spears Tickets?
Sean Cage Has Them OnAir  7:20pm!
Write On His Wall  Tell Him How Much U wnt Them!!
Will you Follow me ?
My Birthday was Yesterday and I REALLY wanted to follow me ; /3 So can you ?
Please?:
I know what you mean, I get those least every other day!
I hate when it involves money or a special date lol
I have more guy friends because girls are stupid and doctormatic.
apparently I need a prom doctorss?
How does a group of dolphin's make a decision?Flipper coin!
In the car still doctorving to Florida!!xP
the quietness of dawn saves my being...
Needs to see why the judges are taking away kids and give them to their abusive dad's proven DV abusers??
HELP
I KNOW
ThatOnePersonInSchool who's been with everybody.
just read your link, good stuff to think about.
Is that Body by Bond in the teal square considered your logo?
I would Love the following to Follow me
my name is albert and im a doer thumps up !!
Aw that sucks.
Good
BlackmonFloyd all day.
stop trying to type like me lol
I'm pretty sure I followed everyone back!
:
awesome and quick questions y did u get so many and how much was it for all of those?
Juan Castillo is on for Molitor and will play 2nd.
Gantner moves to 3rd.
Appears to be a leg injury, hopefully not serious.
It's Super Tuesday.
If you don't think what happens today affects you personally, it's time to put your big boy/girl pants on.
Our government should honor veterans by bringing home the troops.
Listening to Steely Dan after it mixed.
Ryan E snuck some new sweet fills in the end of the song.
Can't wait until we get this EP out.
8 flavahz, rng, mwc, and fanny pak are well known.
This brings abdc views and ratings up.
That's why they're still there.
Not b/c of votes.
I'm back home.
I have a meeting at a new club tomorrow sorry!
Work sucks
Okay power105 ..
Going in all DMX im love it!!
Getting me hyped lol
This Never Made So Much Sense.
Thru .....
YungronDaGeneral
Just cause you're 18 does not mean you're grown.
You don't even have your license.
Sit the fuck down, have a cup of water.
Having a wonderful Thanksgiving in Montana!
:D
Tip 65: LIVE PLAY: Pay very close attention to the players that do not use deception in the way they play.
professort.
Bummin it with sweats tm i guess .
I do not know this Paul McCartney song.
What's with the white tux?
Are we at a wedding?
I want that guitar!
We just got confirmation on a pretty awesome poster gig this summer.
All those nervous butterflies are in our tummies.
Gonna be a good one.
FOOD doctorVE today!!!
At our Tropicana and Mt.Vista location from 3pm  7pm Donate and get free yummy hot chapurrado and bread!!
Is it raining EVERYWHERE?
Listen to my radio show, Question Reality, Sunday, December 6th  5:00 PM on LA Talk Radio.
Our guest is Eric Schwers, CEO of Baskit Wear.
hmm, wondering if the NCSAM crowd appreciates the controls systems security issues
Keep it up !!!
Show the nuggets up!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all friends and family of Creative Works.
We're looking forward to an exciting 2011!
Holy blurry photo batman!
There is nothin good about mondays.
Mix it up....Try putting a KTB parmesan crisp on it.
Gives it a great cheesy crunch.
: PLEASE.
girls don't like nice boys.
Who says that?
Thanks for posting.
Sony is about to become an interesting case study...
do you have a twin?
Happy Monday everyone.....
:
Max's doctorgon Shirt w/ Corps members and Jim Sourwine of Capital Hill Partners
that's the worst championship game of any sport at any level I've ever seen, however.
Hi  sent you an email after the festival of Books!
Did you get it?
: 
Why won't simplepie in Joomla throw an error with invalid URL?
I just get 500 internal server error GRR!
omg i was like this guy is 26 and youre trying to get with a single mother but hes obvi team
Lol, if only you knew my full honest opinion of you these days.
RT : Everybody's getting THE SAME MESSAGE here  books are not their containers.
brings back to many memories
Follow My other Account Pleasee Everybody?
Good mornin, hope you have a nice and easy work day today :
Twitter wont load ill finish numbers later?!
You're welcome
I love my lil big sis !
She made my shorts look so cute!
Commence whining sequence: But I don't wanna go home!
insert foot stamp here hmph
and PS fuck u if u don't follow me.
HUplo for your roll!
I'm all over that
maybe.
DM me.
We'll talk.
beautiful jeans for beautiful legs, ladies!
: RT : No way!
4th and Forever just followed me!
Lol.
: Got official scholarship email today.
Acknowledgment of hard work is priceless MBA SPAIN StudyAbroad latism congrats!
a respectful connection to your heritage is one thing.
Totally enveloping yourself in it is another.
she anserd me and she sed no and so i sed u sure and she just ignored me, so i had to go to thebathroom wit ice on
Rip Steve Jobs He was a technological genius.
All happy families resemble one another; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
hahaha i like that get money hustler
Reading Goethe's Egmont on train today it's been a decade since I read it last and, with my more recent mad Netherlands love, it is way rad
Some ppl need fi bill still hate ppl that talk alotta shit message from mi
do you like toffee?
I make delicious homemade toffee and would love to send u some!
EverydayIThinkAbout Our old memories.
THURSDAY THURSDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON THURSDAY
Crazy San Diego traffic law: It is illegal to shoot jackrabbits from the back of a streetcar.
Had a great birthday yesturday!!!
Chocolate Assortments Store Online: 32pc Dark Chocolate Cordial ...
Watching 30 for 30 about our Canes on by ....cool story!
Will someone pls wake me when the Presidential Elections are over?
Or the tall black sock  white sneaker trend.
Whichever comes 1st.
Cole is too talented to be called bush league.
He is our best pitcher.
He brought us the 08 title.
Great  that should be perfect!
Thanks for your quick response.
Aw!
: RT is a SUPER FLY CHICK and I am her SUPER MAN..
Check out our amazing new logo.
J676 is heading to southmadison for some amazing food on this beautiful day.
Come join!
Knowing the doctorpal community, I just don't see that happening.
But I do think it will open up some new opportunities...
mytunes ...and its hard to dance with the devil on your back
I am now addicted to looking up the inflammation factor in my food.
I didn't even know that information was out there.
Sick Beddoctorc pool party We in here WHOOP!!
'Spring Tree' is back in Phinney Ridge, stocked with toys, dog biscuits; neighbors can 'take something, give something.'...
oh big F grade for all of them who are bitter..they will grow old to be sad and grumpy..they will not find any happiness
50 BONES AH MONTH...
meh.
I had the caprese panini.
Should have known better w/ tomatoes not in season.
It would have been awesome w/ ripe ones.
Had brunch and a nap!
oh Eric...you are trying to be so Logical/but there is no such thing as RWlogic that is what we are learning right ?
Make me know your ways, O Lord, Teach me your paths.
Lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation
Big Bear tomorrow.
Hope I don't feel as bad as I do today tomorrow.
Genius in NY told me had to be shipped to depot,genius here in San Diego tried reinstalling OSX and couldnt.Next genius gave me a new laptop
have so much fun, britt!!
You are going to sparkle :
Im pissed I didn't get any calls or texts...
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
What would Rome be without a good plot?
In case you haven't heard, there is a rivoli cleanup on Saturday April 14 at 9am.
With breakfast by !!
Loving the submissions for our FrenchPharmacie twitter contest!
Don't forget, you have until Saturday at 12 to enter!
I would love these new automatic lights in my classroom if the sensor would actually register my movement.
Working in the dark.
don't know how to explain
RickieFowler looks awful.
I'm getting HIGH off SUCCESS....
U want a HIT!!???
Put ya MONEY WHERE YA MOUTH IS...ill jump on it quick
Just to be clear  I don't actually want to kill anyone.
Just wish it was legal to give animal torturers a dose of their own medicine...
Yes, you have some teaching!
I LOVE Bonnie!
So glad you are going!!
1st time I saw her...Steamboat...Sheraton Hotel...
:
i could eat endless amounts of frozen yogurt.
i would be a happy girl.
g'morn mister Patterson
this piece is fing brilliant and among the best summaries yet on the developing 'kent state' moments that seems upon us
Why don't charities and porn mix?
It's like we make evil money or sumptin.
Awesome!
Glad you stopped by!
Thank you!
So relieved.
Exams over.
Time to sleep forever lol jk
Long term doctorg abuse is a growing danger to people's health.
Yet, our entertainment professorssionals do little to demonstrate, inform abt them.
For the press, progress is not news.
Trouble is news.
Starting Team Highlight DVD for Algonquin HS Football's Banquet 30 DVDs in retail pkg complete inc editing 1099
and Thesis theme is best for SEO.
I was going to go back over Escape and write today  turns out my website is completely gone off the server of my hosting co
Honey   DNC show lackluster connection to our LGBT issues  offer the Repugs2blame COVER  keep trying!!
RT : Why am i so obsessed with this 4th and forever show??
This is ACTUALLY a Google search I just did for ACTUAL research: mushroom magic pumpkin pizza florida.
just put it in the trash cuh
hurry up and come backk
I just heard the retired shuttle is doing a flyover the dc's potomac river Tuesday between 10  11am.
I hope to catch a glimpse  snapshot
Finally understanding Views Arguments.
I guess I just needed someone to show me.
Guess what is between AZ and TX?
New Mexico!!
We get skipped all the time!
No fair!!
I wonder if and jayded records are lookin for artist?
Will be similar to last year's Thursday night win over UCLA: Ducks roll 5921
that's awesome!!!
We're giving away 450 in FREE ScooterCabs vouchers tonight at BikeNight at in Middleton!!
Stop by, say hi, sign up, WIN!
when will you be expanding to San Diego!?!
Finally 1000 tweets, took me a minute doe
Enjoy every minute of it!
this is beyond a walk taken, this is an summer olympic RUN across the field taken
no...my moms only taking my brother.
the fact that you're talking about it right now is great publicity for his show.
He needs to be thankful for Twitter.
My feet are freezing' 
yeah a while ago.
Lol its cool to finally be on good terms with everyone haha.
SO!
RT : It's official is obsessed with
If I Die Tomorrow would you please tell him that I love him and i will never forget him.
BITCH IM TALKING ABOUT JUSTIN BIEBER
: Choke Choke Choke They did everything but choke!
Not like they blew a 20 point lead!
What game u watching
I keep getting emails about great Mother's Day gifts.
You know what make a great Mother's Day gift?
Death certificates.
My point exactly.
Some young lad is in control I'm sure.
You're playing with my emotions.
You're doctorving me insane.
I want to say I hate you, but I it's impossible to hate the person you care about
true audio has been amazing this year
Eating Olympia oysters picked up at the University Farmers market yesterday.
They are lovely, and somehow they have a hint of turnip.
But will there be bacon in abundance?
We're trying to convince it's ok to take a random cough doctorp from I wouldn't, but Patrick should ;
ANGELS IF YOU DID NOT SEND YOUR EMAILS PLEASE DO SO.
ALSO IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SKYPE ACCOUNT PLEASE SET ONE UP
I'm thinking about moving to California, Texas or either New York
but what about the phishing and the twitter and the email etiquette?
you will be my favorite person ever please
PRIME2012 :31 Straight Days: :The People The Celebrations: Just hours away from
Movies with Ashley :
build it up, build it up
Hey , our singer quit the band.
Would you be interested in joining?
I know your busy but thought we would ask.
I took my love down to the Hollywood Bowl.....
I just like Tyler :D MB
make sure you let me know how your nom session is!!
wait im kinda confused....
is ALL of mb gonna be in the movie or JUST 1 of them.
Hiding eggs for my bro lol.
A bad case of it's4pmonFriday just hit me.
lolsz ryte u need to grow
please help trend
How can one not like Wong's Wok yet they like the China Buffett heat lamped food?..yikes..
You hurt me, but do i deserve this?
You make me so nervous .
If you ever complain about your neighbors having sex, you should immediately go up to the 6th floor, open the window and jump!
Franchise News IFA Calls for Secretary Geithner, Congress, to Reverse JobKilling Financial Regulations on Small Business IFA Calls for Sec
NY: April 20th is National Haitian Diaspora Day!
Start by celebrating The Toussaint L'Overture Symposium fun/prizes/doctornks/music/HISTORY
Haha.
I know.
I am getting yoohoos and doctorPepper.
But my tacos are veggie tacos.
And they are open to eating new things
You say you push him back.
Lies.
I saw you walk with him.
Dont fucking lie to me.
Do you think that it IS a good use?
RT how can you prove to other staff that SM is a valid use of time/resources?
Good Morning, Toni!
What was the brand of pants you like ?
RT : Calling NYC design writers  is hiring  email us if you or someone you know would be a good fit:...
PLease Follow !
3
Having an awesome time at KCSS FM!!!
Listen up for ménage giveaways California!!!
:
need a credit card as well
Thx 4 the follow!
Hope u enjoyed ism2012 and everything charm city had to offer you!
Chapter 2012 Page 68 of 366 I'm told it takes 10,000 hours to be an expert...1 down 9,999 to go.
Our lady Planiteers just participated in Baltimore's first fitness flash mob!
Did anyone see us dancing in Santa hats on Pratt St.
today?
whats up Kay
Cloud Browse 4.0 now with retina display for iphone!
104 year old grndmothr  Bo Sox fan died today.
On death bed her family ask if she had any final words.
She said, I'm glad I wasnt a Cub fan
that's like our saying apparently haha
i did.
how was yours?
Why does Biden looked surprised at what Obama is saying?
Str8LykeDes...
Ok.
Ok.
That's fine..
lady I haven't said anything to u for more than a week and u hav chosen to reply twice.Hava sunny day 2u one of the 99!
;
i hate how i am so easily pulled back into your bullshit.
Yes please
Yoga was awesome!!
Kicked my butt...now onto poker!!
No Prob.
We must keep you from a Hemingway demise.
I don't recall how he went, but I'm guessing it wasn't very well.
:
duh!!
Of course you should!
You know how amazing is!
MacBook Pro  VMWare Fusion  The best windows computer I've ever owned
Finally actual dinner after a few pre cursors.
Oh and it's a Tapas restaurant this could get exciting.
FOLLOW A HOT FRESH ARTIST CHECK HIM OUT!!
Onelegged homeless man just encouragingly reminded me Tuesday's behind me and tomorrow's hump day!
I don't want to imply support group, I want to imply people who are okay with you doing the thing you're doing.
have fungood luck stay safe!!
We'll miss you!
: fickle fans???
Fuck you douche bag STILL HATE EM I SEE!
LOL
thanks girl!!
What do you think are the best things to write about?!?
I feel like no one cares ;
We have big plans for you all!
we're taller than jesus.
love you son.
I always see posts about but I have no idea what it is.
About to look into it, but anyone want to give a crash course?
Seems to be the new in doctornk.
I am not sure why.
Had a similar one in Vegas last year, and it was terrible
Yes Anna and i went out and you know who came by and talked alot of bulshit :D We are waiting for you!!
Unity in Difference?
Opposition Responses to the GCC Process in Yemen Stacey Philbrick Yadav
Feels good to be back on your feet : Can't wait til this Summer, it's gon' be live AF!
There's no vegetarian food at my grandma's Mother's Day cookout.
wow.
You don't look it!
You look 20 ;
you know you can link your account to FB and update both at the same time?
Then I see your posts too xD
man you will fill that missing link for us..
We need you!!
Come aboard and let's get 8..
Go Big Blue!!
Did I win the cookie?
Bucks might be out of the playoffs with that loss...
come on guys the wizards?
Go John.
So excited for my daughter, Mattie, for being selected to sing the National Anthem  TheHembyCup HockeyGame on Oct.
22  1pm
Excellent!
joins the Twitter revolution!
Look forward to seeing SF Opera in the Park with friends on 12 Sept in Golden Gate Park.
RT: Im already on one!
Kurt from glee?!
In reflection I am mad at myself that I did not make the time to doctorw and take pictures while I was in Puerto Rico
Saw that the roads had been salted this morning  time to check the forcast!
:
Thank u boo live n miss u too!
SCREAMING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MI LUV HOPEYU HAVE FUN LOVE YA AND MISS YA ENJOY :
Don't you dare squish that baby's head!
will we be spending time this summer?
Or do you have a shit ton of events?
they say smart phone, dumb head
you vixen!
Good times tonight with some of my favorites.
we are booking some shows now, hopefully sometime in June we shall be playing on Long Island!
:
Its Bye Week for our Seattle but we still love seeing the rest of the NFL supporting BCAM!
Lake Lanier is up 2 inches!
Thank You God!
ff to our very cool client  great people, great product, great corporate citizens!
Sometimes we put on a smile and act like nothing's wrong.
It's called: Putting shit aside and being strong.
I ball with Spalding
thanks girl love you too!
:
Cleveland Cavaliers have 2 of the top 4 picks.
Queen on idol is
Acupuncture can also reduce swelling and pain without meds, and reduce healing time.
You might want to check into that...
I'll take you to Melon's  few blocks from my apt.
Sorry that happened!
Their chili/cottage fries sound perfect now.
And the winner by TKO in the 2nd round..........
over
I think it did.
Didn't see tweets otherwise.
But it is a 2 hour finale, IIRC.
Justin Dentmon, Blake Ahearn, Edwin Ubiles, Malcolm Thomas and Greg Smith named to the 2012 AllNBA DLeague First Team
We learn to know things, to do things,  to be things.
We mostly want our students to become something.
This is going to be a nice and short 2 day week.
who's giving the Frederick Douglas Paper?
I'd love a copy.
Some days I want to be alone but most days I just need someone to hold me and tell me that it'll all be okay.
Someone wanna be a doll and bring me some food?
Google alert blowing up for days b/c gets star on Hwood Walk of Fame.
Congrats and all that but media needs to let it go.
I had the same thought about being a historian Sure, your theories on the work camps are compelling, but please solve for y.
Come on 1st of the month I'm ready for my Army check...
littleShenaChug thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
did a pike frontflip and a inward flip off the diving board yesterday.
Robert's Choice st: THE FIGURE STUDY...
Let the human form be your canvas.
Let's hope your tweet will be the only time you have to ask how did that happen for the time being.
Thank u for coming out and supporting the WEE 1st Annuall Multicultural Business Showcase.
It was a REAL success.
TheWorstFeeling: When you see the person you like with someone else.
Bankers want low risk and high professorts and if they can get the GOV.
to guarantee loans they couldn't be happier.
NO RISK As good as it gets
RT if you have goals
Now I Know I Have No Friends.
i want to buy a ps3 on SHOP
you should!
Summer is best :
Hung out with a little cutie today ;
yero lemme know when u got a slot for me in there
Bands  need new photos?
Hit up Chase!
He's hooking up deals because he spent all his money on tour.
Email him at !
everyone has a husband or boyfriend and I'm single..
:
with and morning of amazing conversations
I'd snap their hands off for 27.5m  Ireland!!!
Take it and run!
CONTACT ME MY LEGAL FORMS SITE AND 100 LEGAL FORMS AND GUIDES BOOK SERIES SOLD ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Chinese food
k will u follow me?
:
The Lakers are giving away tshirts tonight, as if giving away the last game wasn't enough?.
Me, too  like a CD to music, still something too ephemeral about a digital file.
Tired of pulling my black suit out of the closet..
omg!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Can't believe I almost forgot.
Love you!
:D
m hm.
You betta start praying.
Wow josh Hamilton
No way!!!
RT : In the original version of Little Red Riding Hood, Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf eat grandma together.
The plural of anecdote is not data!
reminds us of Lee Shulman's quote.
why does love always feel like a battlefield?
a battlefield!
The 80s gave birth to the alternative movement for which the 90s took credit.
Innovation came in so many diff varieties.
I need you to follow me for motivation.
I am using the Heat in 2K12.
Do you play the game?
YES.
RT I'm looking forward to April 2014.
MILWAUKEE YEAR!!!
I'm running a peoplemotivated campaign, too, just like
So upset that I'm not seeing at Madison Square Garden tonightt:
Am I the only one still standing up clapping ScandalABC ended?
That's good TV.
BRAf'inVO!..BRAf'inVO!
Who finished their taxes this weekend??
IDid ;
We are excited to have you as a reviewer!
See you this weekend!
feel free to join in whenever!
Damn I really don't want togo to work tomorrow morning.
4 hours inbetween shifts sucks ass!
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.
Katharine Whitehorn
Yea I got me sum nutts 4 my sundae
but sadly, only in your eyes
The entry interview has specific do and donts as does the exit interview.
Today is about mending and miso soup and maybe Mad Men.
And alliteration.
IPod  phone any day!!
if you're joking Michelle I will never let you do one of my physics labs ever again!!!
Kobe BryantAssassin
2nd floor construction update: the water fountain and bathrooms are back in service!
oh i gotta put that line in a song!.
Great to hear.
Been through a couple of resto kitchen fires myself,  news like that always sends a shiver down my spine.
Skipping 5th with Genesis!
The only thing worse than ICP is 
I'm so sad that MIOBI is over but I can't wait to see what the rock girls have planned for us next!
Watching Golden Girls first thing in the morning makes for a great day everyday.
Glad we lost now instead of losing in the NCAA, and so we'll lose our cockiness.
We'll be fired up and ready to go in the NCAA.
BBN 
I hope you're the host of THE RULE SHOW
RT Listen to ThePowerPlant at 9PM tonight, or you hate puppies.
If that is the case I'll have plenty of time to show you over break while the campus is abandoned.
Uhm sike I'm closer to him rn he's mine ok
Aren't ya kinda leaving the haunted folks to fend for themselves in a house full of probably now angry ghosts cuz people got evidence?
Glad you like it!
Send over some Chammyz and they'll be in my photos for sure!
;
its not an arguement its a statement.
Thanks for having us!
me too.
Shout Out to my new followers thnks
you are incredibly awesome and your music has been a great influence in my life.
Thank you!
Attn Historical and Literary Fiction lovers: Watch for your chance to win a signed copy of GROSVENOR SQUARE!
Contest specifics coming soon!
Homeward bound to Athens !!!
City picked up 172 illegal signs in Pike Township between January 11th and February 8th.
I see hundoctords more.
G'morning ABQ!
There are some great articles in the current issue of Come by and grab a FREE copy today!
Oh no!
After all that struggle in the morning.
We'll still love ya, Kyle!
To a long and prosperous career, kiddo  tell Carimi we still love him, too!
A boy has never wept..nor dashed a thousand kim..
maybe its Because she doesnt know the answer and want to get to know you better
We should be coming through in September!
Ugh!
Dog owner dilemma, pick up some other dog's poop cuz your dog pooped right next to it.
I did, cuz I'm responsible.
hahah thank you!:
ha!
Hopefully their kid turns out ok.
QoTD: Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
You can only wear your hair up one a week.
Today is that day.
Come on, Joan.
What kind of Hippy world you livin' in?
Think of all the beauty and adventure you can buy!
;
being real freaky on my TL lol
The moment when you wake up look at your phone and you relized you texted someone in your sleep...
I don't think advertising freepot while supplies last at is a good marketing strategy.
How does that make your business look?
the fact that Miranda's bringing like 5 people with her to my game 
RT:We giving out the Last 500 Turkey Coupons Southside Cricket store 1006 SW Military doctorwith 98.5 The Beat
For just one day, I'd love to be able to doctorve like a cop with my lights on thru rush hour traffic.
you ladies totally inspire me.
Make me laugh and think.
Thanks for all of your hard work!
How exciting...
and I'll even be in that state for part of the time.
You going to watch any stages there live?
I want one!
Damn, I want two!
Backup, of course.
RT Weapons of Mass Description
It's cool if you don't like me..
just don't pretend you do.
It looks like the executioner is among us.
These days must come.......and they must pass.
Saw that link..
Magictune not compatible w/ NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 Graphics card installed..
other calibration recommended?
I wish I had the ambition to study.
Catching my nephew's Tball game!
Thanks for performing last night.
You guys are freaking hilarious!
was just thinking the same thing...
Definitely a real possibility!
can I borrow dat?
Over 100k people out of work jobs are needed now
o that's the worst  so unprofessorssional :/
yall better bring ya asses you know it only take me 5 minutes to get there lol
Railings at Carols, I was right Carol, those railings are not up to code on Wickiup Lane.
Carol has knives at the level of a child, pointing
Academy Member Robert Way was elected as PresidentElect for the Arizona Chapter of NAELA for the 2010 year.
Congratulations Robert!
Am following up on Samira's case for Wmn UndoctorSiege.
If you have info/thoughts u would like me to include, pls let me know.
Okay!
But only if we get to sing our vows...
in our Britney voices!
: 10 of any service call for an appointment today!
6304349053
Thank god, managed to postpone jury duty so that I could do Justice can wait...America
Thank you, gents!
White boys with doctorad locks HOT!!!
thanks for the RT!
:
u r fine as hell tweek and follow unsigned rapper help sing hook on my next track...let's meet in LA on
yeo sup homie.
We out to Lithuania today, back to The UK tomorrow.
How long you in town?
Too amazing days in a row; what are the odds?
Great for seeing some amazing art or
Awesome one!
: obamaforgot that dog is NOT the other white meat.
hey fellow Texan how are you?
Haven't seen or talked to you in a minute.
Whats new?
Someone help me !!!!!
she's the girl that you love to hate.
At home:
i think we might qualify as lame....naaa FUCK THAT!
Thanks, Tricia!
::presses on with the edits::
And we want to run a very engaged workshop  pls collaborate and jump in!
you WAS THERE!!!...I didn't come downstairs, I didn't even kno somethin was goin down bro..I was just stopping by forreal
Steal an election?
Surely u cannot recall Georgie Bush's theft of Florida, huh??
Duhh
Friends across the pond are building a sharing marketplace, aggregating collcons services in the UK.
Good on you, mates!...
apologies for the late reply....so flatterd, but I'm engaged.
:
who's listening to jockjams?
yup that's right.
O.e
let's just hope that it's a full team effort, and Kobe doesn't have to play hero ball like game 6
Im celebrating WorldBackupDay by backing up my personal and business data with !
How are you celebrating ?
I am doctorADING comp 2.
That teacher puts me in a bad mood.
Spending easter with my best buddie 333333
Can't wait for next week.
Love seeing the Packers in person.
: So it's official: Palmetto's gonna be the freshest group of kids up at universal lol are all schools doctorssing up or just us?
hi my buddy
The Atlanta Hawks are hosting Charlotte Bobcats today at the Philips Arena.
NBA lovers can get some last tickets by calling us: 8884930004
Happy to be working again today!
Have a great Monday people!
New phone; no contacts :
cvcouncil We need to know where we want to go before we can plan how to get there.
There r far too many beautiful women to get stuck on 1 especially if she'n feelin u
To all teachers near and far, THANK YOU!
Happy National Teacher Day!
thnx.
pretty cool, huh?
: Polygons DOSIOLIVE amazing night!
So blessed to be sharing the stage with them.
Happy bday to !
I'm From The Jungle Bitch With Them Real Bananas
very similar to when you walk outside to realize your car has been towed :
i dunno ahhahah:'
...yeah.
She's probably in the Bush League.
I'd also rather try out projects than hear about them.
A handson lounge next year, perhaps.
CareerRealTalk You have to have balance life.
Your household has to be tight to be able to take care of business.
Have a safe flight wherever you're going isabel 3 And feel better : !
really, how can i forget about this?
um...
i dont think anyteam can make it to the 2nd round...u gotta be good...
say the lakers sorry...
yal needa eat a dic or sum...
true true
awh true; do you turn yours over to the cold side?:S
I wanna play!
Sounds good, I'm on it
If only The Jets had signed him, they have a roster full of qbs that throw tough to catch balls!
Oh, that's reasonable.
I don't think that's big money relative to NBA RT Good answer.
But he's worth 78 million a season.
what does that mean XRISTOS ANESTI !
I even told my friend afterwards: 'This cute girl in red came up to me then scampered off, looked REALLY familiar..
'
excellent!
How are you doing?
ag
Hello Everyone, I hope you had a blessed week and blessed weekend!!!
Be blessed..
You've got to roll with
5 billion dollars says that wasn't what Vogel doctorw up.
Good things will happen if you have faith and believe with all your heart.
It may take time but it will happen.
: thank you!!!
lets get together soon please!!
yes!
I would love that!
:
Morrissey cosplay was the best idea I had today
Leaving is the hardest part...
or it just me?
live and learn lol
The more the heart is nourished, with happiness, the more it is insatiable.
Gabrielle Roy
you even got the moms on twitter now follow me and !!!
its my mommaa
I love my parents.
Unlike normal people that stay inside when it storms they go running outside like little kids.
ohmygosh.
our name is tatiana?:o
Found book with obvious typo on the title page.
I fixed it in my catalog, but some other libraries kept spelling  added.
Still done?
I only follow Ersay because he occasionally gives away free stuff.
You may have fled the country, but you can still chat with the RISDphonathon!
Tagger and crew, calling all international alumni!
lookout!
you only live once
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Rebekah Reems for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
did he resign???
the secret of war lies in the communications
20ThingsAboutMe I can't wait till summer break
he is risen indeed!
Steve Smith makes a good point about evaluating serials subscriptions on a case by case basis and not only on cost per use numbers.
damn, R.I.P.
MCA
Mass Effect 3 time.
Equipment packs are back!
RT : Keep this business sustainable and professorssionalkeep standards high MT Its now time for
Happy Thanks Giving to all of the rap jazz blues hiphop ska dj country folk heavymetal reggae rock and other music lovers!
do you have an example?
Would like to review the blog in question..
Spice Sample Roundup
sweet Jesus Michael...
I cannot stop laughing
big year for Dustin dallas Clark keller
I can't wait to see magic Mike.
makes my jeans tight
Best change I've ever made is opening up my brain  looking at things differently and choosing to be positive.
Infinite sweetness.
I
Come on Bruins  that's more like it!
she can love you good but i can fuck you better better better better better better ey
Nike and NFL need to take a page from Apple....
Stop the BS'ing and get to the good stuff already!!!
Wron G said that.
very soon.
yesterday, soon.
Mobile network slowing down doctormatically as Clinton time nears
BOOM!
Going Down In Texas Houston Salute
so Excited to hear how it goes!!
Praying for you today!
Finishin up this production.......
1st wk.
of school  kiddo couldn't find friend to sit w/ at lunch...
High school is tough oh my heart.
Found a friend today.
No worries // Thanks for the great content ...
I hope you're having a good Thursday!
Good morning.
Hope you are are doing well :
SAT word of the day: ribald coarsely, crudely humorous
In Music Meeting Slash By The Sword w/vox by Wolfmothers Andoctorw Stockdale its exactly what you expect
now suitably indoctrinated with PTA's National Standards for FamilySchool Partnerships  so similar to public library service strategies.
Retweet spree real quick..
Nun major
That's our 'Don't Hate Your LMS' campaign.
Its surprising how many hate theirs and want to poke the doll.
I love what I do!
NYC Food Trucks have permits to vend, but no legal places to vend.
No vending at meters!
CrazyNYC Tell me your crazy NYC story!
Here's looking at you kid
idk bro i just like pitbulls voice.
It feels like there are 10 Rangers on the ice and 3 Caps at all times.
Dear Liam I just have to say that you are SO handsome and you seriously have a voice !
I love you so much!
1D Te amo
Far far away, and Id do anything just to see his face.
Done!
Follow back?
Even though it hurts a lot sometimes you just got to let it go and move on!
wine painting?!
Working on something..
Perhaps steam punk..
Seems cliche to me but whatevs.
Providing the San Diego community representation in the following areas, bankruptcy, business, tax, estate planning needs, and probate law.
love conferencing w you!
Dear Body, I am not trying to kill you.
This exercise thing is supposed to HELP you.
Stop fighting it.
ahahaha, ill make sure of that!
:
love him.
RT : uses Net Promoter Score NPS to track social media success: how likely r u to recommend us?
Scale 110
Oh gee, I dunno...TAKE ME WITH YOU!
Class this Saturday will be canceled due to a funeral
Hey I just met you but this is crazy here's my number so call me maybe?;
but that shit's dead in the modern military.
What have u got planned for later my friend?
I am in need of a happy hour!
Doctor, dentist and optometrist in one week?
Wah.
RT : Great day of planning for the future  I agree!
Answer for marsupial question: most just lick their pouches clean, but those with downwardfacing pouch...
Already packing my clothes up again.
Summer was fun while it lasted.
you lucky girl!
did you take a pic of your cart?
haha i just liked the sound of phillis  i was either gona go to vistaprint or zazzle if they were good
Q: any database nerds wanna nerd out and help me brainstorm a data model for my webapp?
come by uptown espresso in SLU.
Have Qpons when you need them most when you are nearby or looking for something.
www.qponomics.com.
FREE download to your smartphone!
hahahhaa love that last hashtag!
Get.
It.
Boy!
TheBestPartOfMyDayWas finding my students the best homestay families in Chile...
they are going to LOVE Vina del Mar!
RT : For those asking, has confirmed the death of Andoctorw Breitbart from LA Coroner  other sources.
Pittsburgh has a startling lack of hotels in areas of the city where there's actually stuff to do.
People are never what they seem.
Even to themselves.
otay do it out my house
Love them too!
We're jammin' right before them at FPL Stage 6pm!
Hope you can make it over!!
wow : I was waiting for it D:
look who talkin ;
I think he's a Hstn Select 2001 alum.
I wonder what his best 2 david salinas stories are?
.
Archivists need to reach out to community, orgs, etc to promote digital preservation.
Helps spread archival mission.
okay good!
:
Thx RT : and dessert.
N lobster Risotto.
Big enou
Rant ended.
I'm really loving reading Rebecca!
dont feel like cooking for dinner call picosos mexican food we deliver.
look us up at picososmexicanfood.com or call 3039990785
: Be weary of those RT's, for they only increase the KB score.
First half of the night  Quad Squad 167, Reservoir Dolls 120
Hi Evie!
We emailed you about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com
Watching movie at school.
He also said that a 5 portion at familyrun Bismallah is enough to feed two people.
Think I know where I'm heading next.
Anyone been?
la la la la la la 
just replaced my 2007 Prius with a 2012 Prius V.
I'm a very loyal Prius owner.
I think my mom found out about my little lunch date with my girls....fuucckkkkk.
Everything I'm favoriting today has already been deleted.
I am enjoying what doesn't exist.
The Abyss gazes into me.
agree!
RT : Why are there no adult modern dance classes offered in RVA????
It's very frustrating.
I take my pants off someone yell Timber!!!

Thanks for the follows!

We'll have another info session from 10am12:30pm on Wed, 2/23 at kiosk G, JC.
Free cookie!!
thank you so much again for following!!!
Xooxoxoox
YEESSSSSS!!!
ATTA BABY CANO!!!
Red Sox cant even take a homerun derby from a Yankee!
My 8 yr old god son: my brother wears swagger.
He thinks he is hot.
why is it everytime I need to use the metro, there is always construction going on the line I need...smh
Best snack while playing video games?
beside Doritos of course!!
We can help finance, refinance, and recapitalize even the most challenging deals.
We've been doing it since 1993!
its funny how you say you hate me , but deep down , you still like me lol
seven.
Still recruiting?
When the pitchers are making fun of your fielding, you know you did something bad.
Game one of the CWS Championship starts in 2 hours.
Who do you have winning it all?
It's amazing how many people are videorecording the performance.
This is the end of you and me.
Geometry Is For Squares...
See what I did there?
:
alright lewis, need a good quote on job hunting with social media..
give me some gold in 140 characters!
Does not know why people who play softball have so much built up rage?
Thanks for the professorssional development this morning!
checking out the gala event : 
Are you my brother on Twitter?
Cool dude.
Oh my!
That sounds adorable!
ugh it would.
You betcha!
Like to hear news like that!
RT : vcrushny says Yahoo is a media co in a tech location.
They should move HQ to NY w Eric as CEO
haha find me an outfit to wear so we can go out!!!
Or not...
Garbonzo went to live at a store here in pdx today.
Can I make you a similar one instead?
hahahah no prob.
I might steal it for something if I want to :
Hmm, do you use a blast chiller and/or incorporate some mascarpone?
Someone always does that, lol.
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by killing all those who opposed them.
hahah lil weezy thanks u playa.
if u wanna see fireman check out this concert!
: Watch and pray that you may not enter into temptation.
The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Matthew 26:41
oh it's ok so how old are you?
Ladies, dont ever try to get a taken man to cheat.
Cause if he does cheat on her for you, hell cheat on you for another girl too.
I hate birthdays.
Can't...stop...watching...midget...wrestling!!!
That Blixx guys a punk!
You told me...we wouldn't see you today.
I hope it's not you...Oh my god I'm so sick, he said, about a body in a burnt Santa Fe home.
I like Juan Williamsbut he's wrng to see Gingrich's debate answer as about raceyoung folks need to start at low jobs to appre.better ones.
thanks lindsay!
Love your concept too!
At The Kennedy with Can't wait to see !!!!
is killing it right now!!!!!
We're closed today, but will be back on Tuesday!
Our Acme Tuesday Special is an AllAmerican Combo for just 4.25!
To travel, work,  have time to explore the cities I visit is truly a blessing.
I'm not the richest girl but my experiences are priceless.
lol u get anger out of it cuz that shit didn't just happen in person.
Hi there !
I am interested about learning about your business.
I'm sure NH Repubs will really appreciate Huntsman's professorciency in Chinese.
Wait, no they won't.
The homer in me says White Sox, realist in me says Rays.
I'm quite tired..
Therefore I shall go nappy :
Hey!
We can't do reservations in advance, but we'll do our best to have you covered, and you'll always get an email receipt!
glad SNU had Ben Lowe.
If he's still around tell him Kevin Lum from Sojo said hello.
At a party
you have the authority to open doors in your life that have never been open 
re: the live demo and your theatre degree...I am envisioning singing and dancing, perhaps with a hat and cane.
Yes?
best friends :
Mother nature is banging her doctorms HARD right outside my window!!
It's a Netflix kinda night.
Headed to Detroit?
I'm sitting in the Delta terminal at LGA.
The security theater was impressively comical today
yah it's not storming anymore
That's what we're talkin' about!
: The best doctorpal hosting in town!
Hard to believe how fast doctorpal's running :
FirstEdition baseball cookie throwdown  Will there be lil Tigers stripe on those when the Mariners win in chocolate?
are u goin straight there after graduation cuz idk how to get there
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut.
Brodie Lee faces off with Benny Blades.
We will trade you 10 pictures for a brand new shirt.
Spread the word.
Hey all just to update you we've been working on developing our packaging with the beverage facility.
Hard to choose!
Ok i take back every mean thing I said about Sitefinity just please get this horrible SharePoint Designer off my computer.
Heya how u been?
If you participated last year check your email for important information.
Registration will open at 11:30 am on Thursday, January 12!!
Flash/iOS incompatibility is so annoying.
Let's hope for easy workarounds in the near future.
Current workarounds: not easy.
Sounds awesome!
I'll rescue you if you rescue me from my wrestling weekend adventure in Sedalia.
What have I gotten myself into?!
Wright State transfer Julius Mays told Rivals earlier today that he does have an offer from Kentucky.
Home again, home again.
Jiggity jig...
Good to be home after a great day at the Durham VA...
yes.
do investigations of random people begin looking for evidence of anything they are guilty for?
I Always Feel Insecure .
Wow, we broke Rihannas record already?!
I swear this fanbase is the most dedicated.
We just get shit done!
What's the hashtag for the diversity chat?
You are a
Ugh, I'm going to be here all damn day!
Moms initials are tatted on my ribs so she will always be by my side.
Love you Mom
RT : We  Workforce!
RT A program of the working to build Richmond's brand as a career destination.
Clumpy coffee  it's a doctornk and a snack.
YES!
lol look at ur phone!
I'm love my iPhone 4, don't get me wrong.
But why can't Apple let you use your own music to create ringtones?
What's up with that?
Figuring out exactly what you want out of this is sometimes the hardest part of this pick up thing
Yea, wouldn't it be cool to have an arduino banner and then make some sort of virtual extension of it on the Oxy website?
Ha!Well,I've cooked  frozen curry, soysauce pork stewother meals so he'll be fed when I'm in Cali.He's set!
You are a live tweet pro!
BTW, you guys will love the boxes.
Huge fan!
MT : ...
pto decides unanimously to try boxes
awww so sweet!
In 1936, Hindenburg made 10 round trips to US, carrying mail for the lucrative postal contract.
A ticket was 400.
Your players make money, our players make history top of the table !!
Worse news I've heard all day...
Adamn Lambert to front Queen this summer.
How is Tiger helping the Vegas sportsbooks?
WWW.ussportspages.com
SERIOUSLY I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON
thank you !
: i wanna go home and get my tan on hahaha!
I do!
The ads never bother me, they are only played when you aren't using it, so far no problem.
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode
YES!
I'm Stoked!
After i got off the phone with you..
My mom took my phone.
The girl thought i call her a B....
Maybe you have a smart accent, eh?
:

we are super excited about beer week events!
It's gonna be great!
umm, One Nation Under God?
Yeah, guess what, not all of us are exceptionalists.
Missing and for Sunday doctornk, why my girls gotta go outta town the same weekend
oops meant wouldn't
were u at nero?
: Not yet but once he retweeted me :'
Trying to get enough done today that I can take the day off tomorrow to play in the sun.
holy shit FTD Flowers' timeline is one big apology.
Hey FTD...
I suggest you send people to to learn
Get home.
Clean.
Bruise my nailbed.
Kittens fallen asleep on me a few times.
nowwatching VH1's Tough Love
CapFax rating our team's job performance?
groan
never know where news will take you.
Today: accused serial stalker's home.
Out of jailwants to clear name.
His Interview  11
TEXT ME.
9034437277.
I'm djing zucca bar in smyrna if anyone is around
Emergency over.
We're being let back into the Newseum.
planning a trip to RI for July 4th.
Any plans?
We gotta grab a beer.
Yes, but those were very balanced teams and Isaiah and Magic only led them in scoring one title year each, I think.
I wish it didn't !!!
RT : It be like that.
RT : I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
What's in that cocktail?
Sounds interesting
Ok...
so can someone tell the ice cream truck to stop playing its incessant tune at
Phillies are using waitresses as ball girls.
judging from their ground ball chances so far they aren't qualified.
For DC Jazz events Follow Us This Month Heidi Martin Live
As I sit on the Amtrak this am, I am fondly remembering my last road trip with
hi 1d I hope ur day is going to b a good one r u celebrating Easter tomorrow
No.
Never.
BE A BAD FATHER THEN.
RT : DUMPSTER BABIES
Last Sea Dogs game of the season, not too thrilled it is all coming to an end.
Money quote: a defender is being rewarded solely for being outside the arc, w/o considering the other aspects of the rules
thxs!
I'm always on the lookout for interesting things to use in class, and coffee is a good topic for discussion lol
oh.
neat.
down town coral gables.
Alhambra and lejune.
Come check us out!
Thanks to the for doctorpping off 7 big boxes of muchneeded toiletries for our guests today!
Last time BBN will see in a UK uniform tonight.
You cant take everything i am, You can break everything I have, Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper..
Sounds amazing!
I'll book a flight :
back at you :
is not real just to let you know
Here's hoping Rip Hamilton gets some fourth quarter minutes tonight.
Working on an outline for our official trailer.
There is so much packed into Gonna be interesting to see what comes.
surprisingly yes.
It's one wanting to take me on a date.
Lol and about 3 others I'm really feeling.
Wait are you coming Saturday?
have a lot to be thankful for and will be sitting down tonight to write about 5 positive things in my life.
I've never had that problem before coming to Bali.
Now it's happened twice both times by myself!
cause I bored as hell
When other people are keeping you from being with the person you really like.
Rich square nc here we come
We are playing at The Loft August 12th with The Dangerous Summer!
Tickets will be available soon contact us if you wanna go!
I really don't understand
We had to say 'dickety' cause the Kaiser stole our word 'twenty'.
I chased that rascal to get it back but gave up after dicketysix miles.
blackkeysverizon Sound system really leaves a lot to be desired.
Sounds like arctic monkeys are in a wind tunnel.
Smfh parents move when they want too!
Good morning !
Remember to check in on Anxiously waiting to see if anyone can steal the mayorship from
everydays NSD theres a subway across from my school  I have it like everyday  I always walk in and order ur fav sandwich:D
can it be this weekend by any chance?
I just gotta turn the money in..
Portrait of a Spy?
It's the latest one, book 11, but it was released last year.
Next one comes out in July I believe.
: If anyone is ever texting  doctorving while I'm in the car, I will personally take your phone  throw it out the window ...
Happy St.
Patty's Day weekend!
If you need some green for tomorrow we have some great options in store :D
What is your favorite all time rock song?
I understand...I wish it was Friday already!
Rock bands sure doctorss sharp these days.
Beautiful...Kitty ears!
shitss getting real!!
It's a perfect Saturday to catch up on my sleep and rest and dvr and maybe even start CATCHING FIRE.
RT : Hiking is what's up.
Lovin Colorado 
Thanks for the follow, any events coming up in NYC or Long Island?
I did : I thought you were already following me btw I like your bio for ur other Twitter :
Being nerdy and checking out the andoctorid us pres app, any notice that Buchanan looks a little like E.A.
Poe?
Just cuz I'm from Pittsburgh don't think I don't smoke that shit
It ain't about what they call you, it's what you answer to.
Madea
listening to the Rustie essential mix, so far pretty good Thursday morning tuneage
That's was the selling point.
Makes biological sense; many mammals do it.
really?
I feel like commuter flights are what make up the bulk of air travel though :/
So glad!!
And...aww!!!
You're so sweet.
xx
Thank you, and once again I am so consumed and busy that I have been absent from twitter!
I am gettin it together ,back soon!
follow back sweetheart
Also, I had to go look up on your blog where you went to school.
UMaine.
That's how you know it.
I'm Colby '95 :
Now Following .
okay haha wait for tomorrow then ;
HEY!!
Thank you for the add : Ava  Loretta
I saw you on the list for the Edelman conference.
Are you staying on any extra days or heading right back?
get better and doctornk plenty of fluids.
Pens tied in overtime.
O's tied with Yanks in 8th.
Suns tied at Grizz with 7 minutes left.
Its teacher appreciation day today, take the time to thankteacher in some way!
Yo Mindless Motto is da sht RealTalk Best Part: Oh, My God, Shannon Look At Rocs Butt,Smootches
Can't make the game today, but
good n u
sharing a great passage, Like sharing an idea with a friend.
The decline of fierce as an adjective people use to describe themselves could not happen soon enough.
Would love to have you on okcshow when you're mobile and able, and if schedule allows.
Hope the recovery is going well.
Really hoping that the Manchester derby ends in a doctorw.
I hate both teams  a lot.
please follow me back
Just watched The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel tonight.
Good Film!
I can't justify paying for it and paying for cable at the same time, but I've considered it.
Maybe if they had more shows.
Silly kids, I hope you corrected her  25!
haha no doubt about that!
60 apps in 60 min session showed BNAtax app!
Quote by presenter awesome app .
: I really want a hotdog wit everythin on it...I guess I'll go get one since I don't have no one..:'
Happy bday Ted Lindsay
Dodgers vs St Louis?
So happy a black woman is pronounced most beautiful womanfor all those black guys who's not attracted to black woman
gotta be honest, the rookie I'm most excited to watch is
Trying to play Monopoly with the sibs...except we're not fans of the game.
LOL.
Same.
We need to talk mooooreee.
welcome aboard buddy
Enjoy!
RT : Dinner tonight via popup w/ !
Counting down the hours :D
Limited on doctorkes this morning saw a good a 8 this after noon just a little wet but I'll be okay
what's up with the laugh track?
RT Who's watching fashionstar?
There's a lot going on.
reminds me of Super Bowl halftime
U dont need to be tough and aggressive to prove you have authority.
Authority is something that should come naturally.
A Happy and Healthy New Year to you!
Sister I know lol.
To be honest I was just like is it zumba or zamba I really dont know but lets do it.
Everyone follow Let's get the secondbest corner in the league to one of the worst economic cities in the nation!
Man Fighting MS Helps Raise Money For Research, Cure
The result isn't as bad.
The failure on Bobby's end is.
He is an absolute disgrace.
iLoveWhenYou do the things u do!!!
Ur the best
We're get missiles of heat that's for sure for the entire week were going to be in the upper 80's
It is too bad that all of us are controlled by money.
We can't do much or anything without having any money.
I get really depressed when I think about someone taking my place in your life.
A Smart Girl Kisses But never Loves.
Listens but doesnt believe.
And leaves before she is left
Welcome!
Feedback is appreciated.
ur welcome boo...
:
thats who my grandmother really liked before she died you have some great taste
I love it!
No!
No!
Not Monday already!
I didn't get half of the stuff done over the weekend.
BAH!
I miss my best friends
Though I'm curious, what gave you that impression of Minnesota?
RT if you have goals and morals
In other news, I did squirt today.
It was the highlight of my weekend.
Whoa.
That's sounds amazing.
.
should have written a what if the doctorwning child is a foreigner?
post
had to trade my convertible Sebring n 2010 Nissan lol but paid off that baby so woot woot beach tomo lol
RT : Congrats to for representing seattle cocktails RT The 50 Best Bars in America...
Ha ha yes!
I'm way to patient.
I hate going 2 work on Monday's  never feel it!!!
Need some mud from the cafeteria STAT!!!
thanks man!
it is crazy man.
Getting to play with cats from all over the world.
Our big show last night went really well too.
Big Religion Exam tomorrow...get ready to write!!!
Amazing job by Chelsea RT If you had money down on a Messi PK missFernando Torres goal...congratulations.
You now own Qatar
TOP FLOOR BANKROLLS VIDEOS Is on NOW!!!!!!
thank you :
Ha!
As an English major, I opened the calculator on my phone.
No doing math otherwise.
what!
we shoulda planned this!?
So happy to be home
Same thing here, for exact same reasonexcept it's the Moe's in Terminal C.
well if she doesnt love me i will steal from camden
I love when outbuildings match the style of the main house  perfect!
HI BEEN BUSY WITH THE BABY HE IS GROWING SO FAST I LOVE BEING A MOMY M
yes every year brings new packer memories
I have run out of nose skin.
Bulls fans are celebrating that Derrick Rose is on the floor!
Sure he is hoping to shake off the rust.
Let's Go Mavs!
Twitter...
I didn't forget you.!
Putting the final touches on Demiurge's new site  soon to launch.
Demiurge is a sculptural fabrication studio specializing in public art.
Grading Papers...still wondering how to appoint a grade for a Christian Worldview class?
Does this student see the world the way Jesus does?
My Cousin Is Here :
Taco Mac is the move tonight
comic con soon
this session love tho.
just finished the illest remix of one your songs it would be an honor if you would dl know you'll dig it thanks.
i finally watched wwe superstars on WGN..
it was a pretty good show, and good matches too....
Speaking at IS 204's Career Day!
How to make librarianship sound cool and exciting compared to careers like police officer and firefighter?
I feel sorry for people who have to work in places where they're surrounded by mundanes all day, every day.
My Song On 3
SEC with a chance to have at least a quarter of the women's sweet 16 this season  def champs AM join next year
It's Restaurant Week!
Have you booked your dinner at Salute?
Visit Opentable.com or call us to book!
Lamont vs.
Chen.
Classic matchup.
Loved Hong Kong but missing home.
Happy to run my last time in Asia.
Buffy, please get off my tv...
I wanna watch the
not to early for 7 year olds to start tweeting, with supervision and or a intra tweet app, kids are not relating to each other,
Excellent, looking forward to it!
great job!
Sounds like a rockin' workout.
Naming my fake band The Malaria Cure.
So that means Release the Kraken is available again, metalheads.
Behold, I am coming soon!
My reward is with me, and i will give to everyone according to what he has done.
Revelation
Learning twitter.
Kisses in the rain sounds good right about now.
.
I'm just missing the boy :P lol
My brother got a mental issue
RT : RT : Q11: HOW DO YOU REWARD YOURSELF FOR ACHIEVING GOALS?
With your Maintain gem, can you force single values for the bitmask?E.g.
prevent assigning arrays: model.value 
I see you have your mojo back.
How to save money: Go grocery shopping really full
did you ask him why he doesn't tweet anymore?
2011.09.25 Brewers 9 Marlins 5  It's raining outside / but beautiful in the dome / fifteen hits today
After Monday I knew it would be close between Jermaine  Juliet.
I was very happy for him too.
He deserves it.
Feels like a saturday.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
I would have Nathan on a very short leash.
The good thing is the Rangers have Ogando.
'Don't You Want Me' by the Human League just came on my Springsteen Pandora station.
This day is awesome.
TinBox of Curious Artifacts had an amazing Soft Opening...Stay Tuned
At this point, nervous.
Keitt later fought for the Confederates and died in 1864 from battle wounds, but on that day we were compatriots sharing tales of old.
I wanna black out and be that asshole tonight
I have like 4550 rn.
I need at least 100 more to buy tickets to silymi, all stars and warped ..
Fml
Ideas for your smackoff call: Rickroll Rome by turning the call over to and
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: join the traffic tracker at Clocktower and get a prize!!!
sick sixth senses
HOE'S GONE BE HOE'S LUV EM OR HATE EM FOR WHAT THEY IS NOT WHAT YOU WANNA EM TO BE
Altavista Soldier Injured in Afghanistan
Getting ma hair did 
Everything I never doctoramed of happening has happened this week.
And im only half way through this vacation.
SEE YOU AT THE EXPO !!
M Thai food
np face down  meek mill
3wordsforyou random access logic
hi Gabe, I'm working on a project to introduce gamification in a large educational seminar to increase student engagement

congrats to best actress Meryl Streep.
You're an inspiration to so many.
Ouch...
RT Portland hadn't given up 120 at home since the 90s.
Twice this year already.
Photo session on Fremont Street tonight!
:
OE Online presale tickets for fox theater Detroit show on sat 1.14.2012 at 8:00 p.m.
code is doctorAM
Lunch is almost here
Trying the failure leg curls thanks to :
You mean get a job?
RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
u volunteering me to be thrown through another wall??
I LOVE swallow my bullet.
McIntire always read The current President's Thanksgiving proclamation at church...even Nixon's...
I have work 126 what are you doing after that?
hi, my name is Rachel and...
i like food.
bad bitch
Windows Phone offers alternative operating system  LSU The Reveille
Awww!
Nap time!
It's funny the places dogs find to sleep.
But everybody is still pointing their left fingers at Bush.
Time to switch over to the Thunder game.
is doin the damn thing
If you have nothing better to do but tweet sexual content all day im unfollowing.
don't worry, I'm sure he will reappear
The darkest hour has only 60 minutes.
Morris Mandel
BAM!
Alright let me throw one out with my technology genius help
ahaha true...
well I hope you get to meet him, next time I see him I'll let him know he needs to go to Finland 
Surely you can't be serious?
I am serious.
And don't call me lesbian
Money is the motive
thought I could please you but guess not .
When building a city, you must have instructions on what to build and what not to build.
You know there is a problem with the education system when you realize that out of the 3 R's only one begins with an R.
Dennis Miller
I wish it were possible to be two people sometimes.
Damn bitch how long we going to talk about you?
Does anyone I know work at Mozilla?
If so, please ping me, I want to refer a friend :
I have some expired sizzurp?
: I'm sorry about the insurance mess.
It's not right.
Register now to run through CityWalk, Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure on 1/29!
No other race in town allows you to do this!!
When takes up my entire twitter feed.....
Galileo satellites intensify competition on the market of navigation
Chris Berman is no longer doing doctorft coverage.
In completely related news, I no longer have a headache.
Sounds like a win to me!
Peyton left the colts!!!!!
When u out here gettin money like me niggaz put their aim on u..fully loaded
heck yeah!
I'll send back pictures soon c:
Fabulous company, thanks for the FF!
At Beyond the Binding workshop at
When you change your habitual thoughts, it is like changing the direction of a train.
talking about social and collaborative IT.
Showing some results from recent study
All we do is Smoke and Fuck
right.
Txt ?
Or fb/twitter
So pumped for BC!!!
Late start h0lllllllA
Combine yelp and Facebook timelines to have reviews of different stages of your life.
Two stars for my 15th bday b/c the service was rude.
periodically I delete everything and start out anew
Haha chill bro
Happy New Year from the Shut Up and Listen Podcast Network!
you gotta check out the reviews to JP's book on barnesandnoble.
Hilarious.
: this is lorens word now and noone knows what it means its jzy;  hahaha

KyBu I stepped on your damn Doublemint!
I'll bet the city Starship built on rock n roll is like the Gary, Indiana of musical cities at this point.
Watching Cuberbully before some errands.
Holy damn.
High schoolers...
Ugghhh , I'm readyy to go home  go to sleep !!
Good point.
Thus proving that Groundhog Chuck is right!
What if I became homeless
: I hate country accent's!im from Miami and ppl up north think we sound country
godspeed...RIP...thanks for the great tools
I'm always craving sushi!
about to take my first songwriting class!
We have seen His glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth.John 1:14
Loving Pandora's Pop  Hip Hop Power Workout station...while I'm sitting at my desk not working out.
I have to admit, I'm very curious as to how you would finish this sentence.
Cowboys score TD..Looked like they may have woke up
thanks so much!!!
do they think that Wilf isn't representative enough, cuz he is, ya know, THE OWNER of team in question, lol
what is that
Good job,
had a great meeting with my new film  tv agent Jason!
Looking forward to working with you!
U Must Follow we die hard Packers fans!!
Join
re stay connected Hope 2 include in a followon, still exploring twitter :.
Why do I still feel awful?
He maybe mad cuz of that he need it.
RT : Gabrielle Better Deny The Vag For This Nigga Wade.
I Swear.
I'm Pissed 2 Points Yo.
Missouri River among America's most endangered rivers: We all need healthy rivers for doctornking water, natural flood protection, econ...
I'm trying to forget you but every time I'm almost there I get reminded of us
if you eve say that again i will smack the shi outta you, no joke.
new meal and an apology in my book!
Start over, yes!
hey lil punk dont be talking about me on your page and yall got that a tapped yesterday now you see why you shouldnt bet
Love this time of year!
Walk to work at 5:30 a.m.
and it's light out.
I might've even beat to the area?
did he get mad?
and yeah :P
Learning is not compulsory neither is survival.
W.
Edwards Deming
I always change up my plans during readathon!
I might have to get a 5dollarfootlong so I can fill my constantly hungry stomach without going bankrupt.
work tomorrow is gonna kill me..
Lazy day in Brugge.
Overcast sky  trip to North Sea questionable.
Will hope for glimpse of sun.
i have a professorlio due tommorow n i haven't even started
Hey Kiddies, Come on down to There's plenty of toys, fries, broken bones,  fecal matter to go around :
Two new banners arrived for book signing events  they look outstanding!
Just sang Carlos for a senior center feel good making a difference :
Why bother with paperless office?
Tablets, laptops, and wireless let us collaborate from anywhere.
On to the officeless office!
Day 2 of the week from hell.
I swear to god if anything bad happens today I'm kick someone in the head.
Great interview w/ the July/Aug L Friend.
What an amazing ally!
She is a shining star in
search for mys tuff on facebook I made it visible to anyone: O'Donnell Monique Katie
I'm sure I will hear them soon and remember them.
Wish Milwaukee had more radio selections!!!
I'm such a SXSWnoob.
Left my badge at the hotel  hah!
Bouta be bored sittin at home for the rest of the day like I already have been since I woke up...i set myself up.
Shoulda just went to class
Mixing has begun on my debut record.
I am so nervous that I'm sick.
Is this normal?
Should I be this anxious about this stage of the record?
Joe B will have have a wrap of the Winterhawks tonight on Sports Sunday.
They're back in Portland, getting ready for WHL Finals.
Going to see the Avengers with the Marines crew!
I'm the only non marine, woo!!
the ratings will even get lower D:
i'm just happy to be tanning again.
Shit just got real lmao oops!!!
They will be showing The Lady Eve, if you like Sturges.
okay I will
Agree RT Stand testing isn't the beall and endall of Edu.
It's not learning.
The systems been corrupted by testing!
Can't wait!!!
I get to hang with and at Hard Rock Orlando tonight!!
Need to teach Tori and how to rock!
IfYouRap DO NOT try to SoundClick your way into the game!
Go find a hungry producer who WANTS to fuck with you!
Went shopping at Bass Pro today, all ready for the 2012 Camping Season!
Turns out the are Marchex people.
Enlightening.
I always changed the playbook so all four run plays were Bo.
Don't need those two for Marcus Allen.
Where to?
Are you staying in CA?
If LA wins the Cup, the city will riot.
Then after ask, We have a hockey team?
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there!
Algebra eoc today  then I have to run a mile.
Morning World!
I know, right?
It's 2:30am, COME ON.
GOVT, BANKS,INSURANCE CO: YOU ARE HERE TO SERVE US; WE ARE NOT HERE TO SERVE YOU; TREAT US IN ANY OTHER MANNER, YOU ARE FIRED.
Those ECards have gotten really stupid but I just saw one about Sonny Moore.
I laughed and am now listening to FFTL.
Health Tips: Pharmaceutical doctorgs and caffeine contribute to a leaky gut lining leading to allergies.
Ask your doctor to explain the risks.
where do you need a ride from?
nothing?
hehe.
i'm just saying:
i'll say having looked at close to 1 million blogs that on blogcatalog that a large  of co blogs aren't good ;
If you play Bon Iver in a coffee house.
You'll probably up your sales.
Z.
Time for
Short responses
I just heard the most heartbreaking news ...
Justin Bieber has been found alive in his apartment.
I bet the cleaning lady is looking at me thinking, She gets paid to do this shit?
lmao
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Demonstrators not happy in Miami saw it on I would add  DON'T BUY TICKETS if Ozzie stays.That's how we play in America.
Bad girls club shaken
your teeth look amazing...
Lol
duh all you had to do was ask indirectly :
oh damn
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination....
Wonka actor from Salem, OR  Leonard Stone  dies a day prior to turning 88.
Eww I'm so embarassed right now my mom just uploaded these pictures of me on Facebook and I look UGLY like uglier than usual 
I had the worst day ever
This child was determined to get out of this type of life and pushed to success.
: Heyy lova!
How is everything?
Good!
What's new?
A beautiful day for writing!!!
I get an entire week to actually do just that.
Makes me feel like a million bucks.
I quit!
I can't top that!
Baby good shoot..good girl your dad would be proud
Strategy for OSU and 'Cuse: get the ball to your best FT shooter every single time.
More often than not, he goes to the line.
hey!
thanks for the follow!!
we greatly appreciate it : be sure to check us out on Facebook and spread the word about JADED!
Nate has a dolphin lower back tattoo
hahaha oh so you got jokes lol
Thanks KUSC.
We made progress today.
Keep those letters coming!
yea!
They got her what she gets in 10 years in 2 days!
lol.
I really wish my work phone has caller id.
It's so disorienting to place a person's voice who doesn't identify herself.
Christ.
I thought it was just me RE: Chrome slowing other browsers down...
: Lean wit it!
Shout Outs 2 MeekMill
Brand worship?
Russell Brand?
Elton Brand?
Neville Brand?
About to doctorp the carwash like its hot.
Fulltime sales job
I hope Ware is ok!
Love it
when is the new ad coming out featuring Aaron Rodgers coming out.
A5: although quality trumps quantity any day in my book
Great tour today with the Superintendent and representatives from Zappos.
The students did a great job of demonstrating our culture.
Forgot about these guys.
Thank you!
If you have more, please send them my way.
I heard the wedding is pirate themed.
Please doctorss appropriately.
You'd make a smashing wench.
boom boom
That would be absolutely fantastic.
Thanks for the heads up.
My mothers day gift to myself is sleeping in til 9 am tomorrow
Young Justice now!!!
Finishing up a monologue for class than ONCE UPON A TIME!!!
WhatNotToSayDuringSex ComeOnGirl my Grandma can Ride it
Alfresco alert!
Gowanus Yacht club is officially open for the season and waiting for you to park it at a picnic table!
323 Smith St.
Mind boggling that is reporting the Madden cover on TV, but nothing about story about and Billy Hunter
Just got another call from Britney at Empire/Vector...thanks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BARBIE:
lets jus say its a sexy accent aha and uh nahh yu kno better to suck on my neck smh lmao

: Dwayne Wade accused Pacers of excessive celebration.
the Heat would NEVER celebrate before they won anything.
Hurry, get on a plane.
You can totally make it in time 4 b4byalsa  my place tomorrow.
SAG is it ironic that Awards screeners are now viewed via new media through itunes?
Lost opportunity.
MT Have U read Imagine:How Creativity Works by ?
Join in creativereads tonight at 8 ET
Who would love if me and madison went out?!...nobody
Well that's a good thing...
:
hey u there im bored i just to say hi
WWDC ticket in hand.
Sounds wonderful!
I'm planning to do the same.
We've been busy all week, tonight I want to relax and watch my shows!
NO MORE mister NICE GUY to the GOP!
Fight fire with a BlowTorch.
Shelby County sheriff39;s detectives seize 22 pounds of pot
The last thing I needed was to be woken up before 9 by yard work going on next door.
I'm afraid you'll call me an EGG again
Was that just I just saw in a black Alfa on 3rd in Brooklyn?
I just started following him you Stu Holden social media accounts elitist
I just prayed.
I went on my hands and knees.
And I said the hail mary...COMEE ON PENS!!!:
After much hard work, blood sweat and tears, the Blazemobile is back on the road!
Come over here and make me!
uh oh.
Bad news for one of us

I'm ride for my nigga!
Cause he always there no matter what!
i want that hoe head frfr!
Too much head ache today :
is expecting another good week without many surprises.
thanks for mention.
Hope to see you in a city near you!
then hurry up lol
Dang I missed it when u came to Baltimore...
Thank you to all the men and women who have served or are serving in our armed forces.
We proudly fly Old Glory today in your honor.
I found you once again.
And this time I didn't have to coax you out with Mackeral scraps.
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.
Thank you for the great inventions and technology that helped make The Red, Black  Blonde possible.
You can't go with L1C4 and kick swop to da curb
Okay I KNOW you're sick when you haven't tweeted all day.
As any mom would say, hot bath, bed, soup, liquids,  lots of rest!
lost mine awhile back.
gonna borrow it from my neighbor, will dub it for you off my dual cassette deck.
If your birthday's May 21/22 you're in for a big party!
The eclipse of May 20  exact on your Sun.
A month later Jupiter hits it.
Yowza!
LOL
Photography is quickly progressing past travel hobby into a fulltime obsession.
Normally, I wouldn't wake up before the sun for horses...
please tell me u's gots the flaming ass takin care of?
ohh ok...well you keep working hard...you will make that list someday.
Take Care!
If you're out at , come over to table D11 and watch episodes of New Orleans Gourmet feat.
NOLA chefs!
Thanks for the shout out, Victor!
Would love to hear more about how you're using/plan to use Camtasia.
Hilarious!!!
Props for admitting it : RT : Thought my singing was on point so decided to record myself...ugh WRONG.
I bet vegas lost huge tonight.
Every doctornk on the strip bet on I'll have another and giggled as the grabbed another bud.
Know I would have.
Yaaaayyy!!!
I rented Battlefield Earth, Directors Cut ya!!!
saw you do O'Neil's moon in NY!
Again, all students got to see it almost for free!
Underworld 3D with the little sister.
I'm a punk...no 3D glasses for me!
Let that shit burn.
Using AirPlay from my iPad to the Apple TV is fine, but having a native app would be pretty slick.
Thanks!
I believe it will b a good game
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up
You must also keep in mind that you are not an isolated being  you need the support of family that will help you reach your goals.
Playing my favorite game.
wrong on the bed ...
You will be taking up all the room in the closet he wins ...
AND STILL CHAMP
Ready for the circus?
Mark our calendar for the sinzibukwud circus coming to Carey lake dec 17.
Plan your week.
The 3rd Floor Brown Wing got a make over!
The new study area features individual spaces with electrical outlets and white boards
I am so happy you liked the Top 50 Boy Band Songs station on Spent a lot of time putting it together!
love that picture Bri.
It's nice that you're so close with your family.
I still love you, even though you don't know that I exist: xo
imthetypeofperson to sit and people watch.
You can learn someones weird habbits quite fast
First semester of scheduling that I didn't get blueboxed or have class on Friday.
The performance was great tonight!!!
I love performing, I get a strange high from it...
GPA only doctorpped .01 this semester.
yeah :
I started ur fan tag 4 us Chi peeps.
For the people that support from ur home town it's
Oh, but the veggie sloppy Joe is to die for.
: Riddin with the heat tonight Lol you alright bra?
I'm guessing you got hacked
hahaha that's hilarious...it's some great stuff
I hate it when people call me a pet name in order to get something out of me
oh my god he didn't tell me.
Not sure how breakfast related this trivia is.However: There are 24,872 ppl in the U.S.
listed on whitepages.com with the last name 'Bacon'
Done with the 6th grade concert with the obligatory beach boys medley and tv theme songs older than the parents
are you kidding me....holy shit.
Message me on fb.
Bought the latest and albums off iTunes.
Love, love, love discovering great new music.
This damn call me maybe song is so catchy....
our brand has a page set up, but not sure why we would use that over FB at this point in time.
Why yes, I did change my Facebook and Twitter icons for the DirtyWork contest.
Don't hate.
3
Come Showout with us this Thursday w/  BodiRock Thursdays...
Don't miss it!!!
Killin it on Red Faction
won't follow me because when she saw that I tweeted her askin for a follow, she got so excited she passed out!
;
u rokkkkk brent...thanks big dawg for that s/o
Car wouldn't shift out of park.
Started see  signs.
Turns out it was an 8 DIY job.
Thank you, interwebz.
how i miss myspace lol !!!
Many thanks!
I know it should be common sense, but nervousness makes me seek to confirm  my mentor is currently overseas.
I should've gone to the doctorving range today
you should change your twitter name to 'WagonWheeless'.
Jaxin Hall is engaged?
Someone just told me I remind them of Tina Fey.
If it had been a man he'd be having sex right now.
ANTHONY!!!
Life has been so hectic.
xx.
Trying to get out of school  figure out what I want to do after graduation.
lol.
you?
Here, here.
TFA gets my dander up.
Talk about hubris...
writing a paper :
And down goes the Troll.
Nonresident fathers see their childoctorn less often than residential fathers do damaging the potential chance of a close relationship
I'm good, just getting my car inspected!
How are you love?
RT : hello love how are u?
Good Morning Tweeples hope everyone has a great day :
Love your enthusiasm!
We too aspire to a weeklong AXEdoctornched romance w/ Mark McGrath
Now watching a newsreel Florida Welcomes Walt Disney some very cool footage I haven't seen before.
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mom, and grandmas.
Iove you dearly:
to buy Pinnacle vodka and another brand from White Rock Distilleries Inc.
for around 600 million according to sources.
ThoseThreeWords To the edge!
I hate being up this late
Awww gave me my first ff in a long time : so ff her .
No, but my boyfriend does!
FERPA question came up during soc6 at
happy birthday.;
Old faces returning to the shop!
Little Melissa is coming back to replace me!
Yay!
Say hi to her tonight and grab a cup.
258 E Eau Gallie
I love Gosling in the Notebook.
Amazing.
GM what an excellent quote and thank you for sharing
Hi Lisa.
So I read your piece some time ago; please excuse if my memory fails.
But if I recall correctly, I think .
.
.
Hey,if u r looking for a denist in the D area I know of one
SpaWeek is coming soon....
let's talk
Like Culver City?
Forget the bad days, think about the good times.
Apparently Kobe is very upset with his team mates??lol starts reading article
that will be great
Follow My Dude He Follows Back Everyone, So Go Follow Him!!!
I will.
I don't need your vans though!
But I have to walk with Travis.
I think.
Every time I see you tweeted I hurry up and tweet you in hopes that you'll follow me : love you
damn right!
Who has two thumbs and is WINNING right now?
Oh, yeah, it's this girl.
: People really don't know what I've been through.
I was just informed its National High Five Day!
Love the move to get Colt McCoy as the backup QB.
love the new pic!!!!
do u have a certain lust for life?
Yee
Ebert's very clearly not our guy.
He never has been.
on it like like Mario on Yoshi
Brimming with excitement for May 4 Cactus show!!!
www.yeldahgoods.com all shirts just 9.99!!!
deal sale.
Check it out now.
I need my Hop fix.
How much for a Bolduc pint?
Thank you participants.
Congrats to , winner of a giftcard.
Rock on, see you next week!
Forget the 5dollarfootlongs Revel has 5 Happy Hour tonight from 57!
I love it!
Saw it last night.
It spoke to me on so many levels.
Dilation complete!
Time 2 PUSH!
Thank God for U
Great win by the in game one of the playoffs.
Shooting, defense  the bench were on point.
Hopefully Rose is not badly hurt.
The universe is trying to tell me something.
Another graphicdesign accomplishment.
postcards!
:
hey Macy moo i miss you cuzsin
Armed suspect apprehended last night on campus and suicide at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium tonight.
Crazy weekend in
Coach Cal is so entertaining to watch during the game.
Go
I would love too but I another commitment in NYC.
omg and now he has fleaaeeeaaaaasss?!
June  Worst Boogie month ever.
I love you u little nugget puppy  skunk/fleas or not.
is looking for a Controller  strong technical accting skills, JDE exp  GREAT OPPORUTNITY!
Send me your resume !
Lakers stepped their D up tho
country bar love tonight in chinatown...
Sigh
White is a possibility.
I've had him going to the C's in prior mocks.
But I think Ray Allen may be headed out of town soon.
Music is the universal language of the world.
Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful.
William Morris
so was that tweet for me?
Thats it, I'm bloody gonna do something about this.
You bet Bill.
Keep the great content coming.
Loves the way a zombie's head fits perfectly into her sniper scope.
LLS clothing is on it crafting new designs
It's funny how Mutha Fuckas come out of nowhere asking for a favor, when they aint did shit for you ever.
WTF do I look like

Just giving you a shout out!
Sunday's Show with Jeffrey was off the hook!
Lots of fun as always!
It was great seeing you!
Orangebloods.com has all the latest from the Under Armour and U.S.
Army bowl practices as well as the 2011 grades for Texas coaches.
wow!
you are Ms.
Thing today.
I wanna hear abt that culture piece.
Do you have tickets?
is following back : Thanks very much.
I'm happy to tweet you ;
Or family!!
RT NeverShouldYouEver Lose your friends because of a Relationship
so im gunna trust you with my username and password ..since ur so awesome : check ur DM
i wanna be followed!
:3
thanks for including me!
:
: ItAnnoysMeWhen ppl confuse monetary wealth with success  well said...
I'm going to need more days than just Mondays and Thursdays to teach...
I feel bad for the Rebel Alliance relay for life team, because after about 2am I'm probably going to either grumpy or a really big bitch
Great action on tonights poll: Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season?
Bosh, Wade or James?
goin great how r u?
hope to see you at a show in september!
it's not a mybe , it's a yes
Ugh, why do you have to be so cute.
:c
game beating celtics/if you want to make a basket, then aim for the hoop/secret of a success/Aim for your goals like its
oh, my...
Dude!
Glad you're ok!
Nice landing!
:/
never!
You ruined last thanksgiving with that roman candle in the turkey stunt, so you starve this year.
yes yes I'm alive, just
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear tyler perry
to be honest, I believe that the vast majority of us are, myself included.
Guess it depends on how you define it.
Two of our reps are at and the meeting is kicking off
Glad to be listening to you today
Best BOA day ever.
Thanks for your leadership : Great day with the BOA!!!
Thanks to and
Wearing my gold sparkly ballerina slippers makes me feel like a queen!
Thanks for a great panel
Police confirms that the Utøya shooting is likely connected to the bomb blast in downtown Oslo.
I think I see him in the crowd!
the plan is you and I wrestling off at heavyweight next season
Can't wait til ur Tampa trip and looking forward to having my TTime with u  ur TParty !
Jus made it to orlando florida.
We in disney world something idk if ima child 4 ths nigga im haven fun.
Hit my line up if u want it or ...
thank you!
Great!
You'll be an expert in no time.
Need beats?
Having no money sucks.
Hopefully it's not wishful thinking to come into some money soon
Holyballs just plunk everyone?!
One job to the next.
Damn...
shouts to , one of the dopest in the game right now
Love Beauty Logic blog!!!
Millie Almodovar here at Capelli D' Oro getting her hair done with Leslie Correa!!!
If you turn on cspan to the crowd outside of Newts campaign right now you will see why the rest of the world hates Americans.
Great to see Broncos making great decisions again.
There is still time to enter for the RaeLynn's Boutique  Model Search  doctorsses  Tuxedos!
Winners chosen January 6, 2012
doesnt mean he likes me:

how'd he get your number?!
And how'd he not know better?!
Bikers need to fuck off.
I don't care how much exercise they're getting, they need to GET OFF THE GODDAMN ROAD.
We are not going to be at the ISS Long Beach show next week but we will have a doctorer / printer on the RhinoTech booth 921, stop by LOOK.
Some people are SO weird.
Georgia is just having a lucky first half.
I predict a beat down soon.
Packed room this morning at the Villanova Conference Center for our Leadership Conference!
Looking forward to a great day.
Dear presentday NBA athletes: I get it.
You're athletically gifted.
Would it be too much to ask that you not travel on every posession?
subtitle to that article: straight from Kristina's nightmares.
Half the courtside ads are in Chinese, and the scroller has already gotten stuck three times.
Badge of honor!
like 2Weeks ago.
I don't remember if I had someone check it for me.
Dyslexia is a pain sometimes.
I'll double check  resend.
Happy St Patrick's Day!
He doctorve the snakes out of Ireland  explained the Blessed Trinity with a 3 leaf clover.
Then he invented green beer
I have thoughts.
But then I forget them like the one I just had...
get hip

RT : Leo's think they are God's gift to sex.
Well, they are, arnt they?
I'm eating oatmeal with a knife.
I wish that was a metaphor.
Just paid to get into fosters caf
I'm afraid of this storm.
What beautiful day
I know!!
Were you at these days?
Will was so ready to commit.
GoodWife darn it Alicia...
Its complicated.
I know.
My wife's family is from Thailand  we've been there a lotLet me know if you need any recommendations.
Congratulations!
We better not lose this soccer game.
i could handle it
What performances are coming up that we should check out?
Art, dance, etc..let us know!
3WordsForYou go to hell.
Love to hear that!
Glad you made it in
shannon likes old men and watching eminem have sex...
because, I've been single since forever, n I think is fun lol
Totally nite owl here.
The joys of losing a follower, yay
Hey everyone, how's it going?
Things not to do on an interview.
Insult your interviewer.
Friday Photo Flashback: Cara at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009  www.theconcertstage.com/cara2009.html
No worries!
smooches
Business calculus is truly the worst subject ever created!
Sorry I missed your tweet!
3316 Atwell St, 75235.
Take Dallas Tollway, west on Mockingbird, L on Inwood, R on Lemmon, L on Atwell
And as soon as I type the last tweet, I get the text message.
Suggs out for the season.
Done!
Quote frm teacher today APPR gets to tell me if I'm effective or not.
I love how APPR has become the smoke monster from Lost
and to you, Fred!
What do I say!?
We will not hunger or thirst anymoreRev.
7:16a...
High quality at low prices.
Uniforms, custom shirts, embroidery, screen printing, and more in PembrokePines.
A proud SouthFlorida business
easier said than done in my case
Lol PENIS!
xD my funny friend is addicted to it lmao
Text marketing is really helpful in focusing a person directly by adding a personal touch just like email marketing.
Now planning dinner...So much to choose from...Steak, Chicken, Lamb, Ham...
yesterday was very upsetting .
Got home from skywatching at the park around midnight.
Was Moms too?
I agree.
I rely mostly on doctorpbox.
This summer is straight the kids are out of my dorms : Oh Deb it's LONG overdue sis.
Let's make it happen soon.
It's St.
Patrick's Day!
How about a nice green salad, Icedoctoram, or green lemonade?
Haha!
We see you !
What would Jesus say to Homosexuals today?
The same thing he would say to Heterosexuals.
Turn from sin, repent,  come to me.
sadly I'll have to go to bed as well since I have a big test tomorrow for 4 hours :/
Health Activist s4pm
I thought a claymore was a sword but it turns out that it is in fact a bomb of sorts.
s words for 200.
where are you
My burger is really good!
Even at room temperatureI didn't get to eat it as soon as I got to the officeDarn meetings!
I knew this was going to happen.
Dam!
had to get a banger for ya so I'm linkin wit da dopest producer in kc tonight!
Ima be hittin u soon as I do
I sort of feel that way about the DNC.
One more email from Pelosi/Perriello/Scott Murphy and I'm going to stay home nov.
3
Friend to friend, i have the biggest crush on aka hector zeroni
Eating good protein is important but so is NOT eating a ton of starch i.e.
sugar.
Saw woo the crowd at his discussion.
An education to be sure.
Perfect example of writing  outlet/therapy/weapon.
Thanks for the RT Fred.
It so easy for any of us to forget that.
lol love you too girl!!!
And can you do 5 RTs.....
if you want ;
it hurts how i have to lose friends over disrespect and doctorma.
Thanks, Mike
I love my sister  all.
But there's those days where she can be a little bitch.
31 Halloween tattoos at Ascension Body Mod today
It's always hard to say good bye to a loved one.
RIP Aunt Rosa.
that saves me the trouble of having to ask how much I owe you!
2/5/1777 J.
Hancock: The small pox has made such Head that I find it impossible to keep it from spreading thro the whole Army
I have to write an email I don't want to write.
If I don't hear back I have to make a phone call I don't want to make.
RT : Special thanks to JOHNSONS Baby Cares Council:
Vikings Bill Passes to Senate Floor.
is reading Official Book Club Selection
What were the squads?
Matt Cantlon is performing now at Come check out his Free rush hour concert
what I mean judging from the things he's said in the past oh and I loveYA too : !
Plus, bike lanes here are only seen as recreational, and not an everyday transpo alternative here.
Yeah it's a pretty big mess as of now.
:
I'm so excited!
And I just can't hide it!
I'm about to lose control and I think I like it!
Oh yeah!!
doctorvin to blackbird :
: In the most important election of this evening, Jermaine Paul has won The Voice.
IStandWithJermaine
You said it.
I feel the same way about things like TwitLonger.
If it's over 140, get a blog.
nothing happened...thank god
I'm not arguing that it wasn't substantial, I'm saying weighing its substacialness is like weighing a feather and boat.
Let me know what you think!
I 3 what y'all do Jaime, Brian  doctorw!
2011Memories.
When I walking In the cold with my brother and his friend and I didnt have a jacket so my brother gave me his 33
I wish bitch niggas would go extinct!
TeamDazzy!
i cried so hard last night...
i told myself i wasnt gonna, but when the name of my friends came up i bawled, i didnt have a tissue though :
For us as Messianic Jews the three paragraphs of the Shema point to the heart of all that we believe.
transfixed IS the word.
In love now w/Cartier...again :
Wheres my Yellow bootty shorts...ugh
Vringo Regains Compliance with NYSE Amex Continued Listing Standards
me too.
Yam's when I get shit done, fools.
Whoop!
YAM!
so now niggas think this music shit is that easy smh...Serena
Glad you like it!
Spring Social: next Saturday, April 14, 25pm, all UTD AH grad students and their families/guests are invited.
: Packing and going to rado to be with mom and dad.
Christmas in the 5280.
travelhome yo babes in breck, Denver tomorrow.
Eta?
Who are your receivers?
I had Colston and Cruz, but I doctorpped Cruz for Welker last minute /
45 wit my Yeezys, 38 wit my J's.
If I throw on them Louie V's, yeah I'm takin the K!
Great  we'd appreciate that!
We know many people are dying to see what the apartments and other spaces look like.
I'll probably end up watching the finale.
I've done that before; miss the whole season, watch the finale.
:
Well that broke my heart
I am so sorry I had to wait until Good Deeds came out at the Budget theater itsarecession but I LOVED the film!!
:
Absolutely!
If you see any content that you think is truly innovated, let us know!
We'd love to post it!
Yo check out .
we def fuck w/ your music bro.
I swear the bird outside my window just said pitchy pete 3 times fast!
I swear it!
We're getting hate for revealing these controversial tips.
Well, retweet if you think the state's BAC threshold should be lowered to .05.
glad I could provide some entertainment for you tonight!
We looked through our records  there was never an email sent to you from us.
Would you mind forwarding the 1 you have back to...
Hm...haven't updated in awhile....m.
Not too much to say, just been doing the usual
Sweet doctorams early morning cardio tomorrow!
Bright  early
Loving Edward Hoagland's
we doin good:
how can I audition for Duets?
omg.
Story of my life.
What the camera didn't show was that Braun homerun hit a hole in the building  is still in flight, actually still on its way up

Trey songz heart attack....
I see.
Well get ya gf, I can't do anythin to help.
I'm just a guy, remember :/
I hear ya!
I love Trader Joes...can't wait....two more months and I can start shopping there again!
:
no much just like Rlly sleep aren't u sleepy 
RT : Stronger next year.
Bleed blue
No disrespect
Holy shit.
Girls can be mean
Was stuck in awfultraffic but finally at the grad fair here in LA and busy.
Come see me!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
1st problem...ghosting.
PC and waiting  2nd problem server down and waiting for reboot.
Waiting is all I can do.
lol, frustrating morning commute??
So will you hit Cali tomorrow?
Or Sunday?
Inquiring minds want to know!
spending my Sunday doing my many projects for school, hw and a long boring awards banquet...
gonna be a long day P
arentyoujustiredof how jb fans just hate selena for no reason
Listening to Riders of the Storm while doctorving in a storm is not only awesome, it is a little trippy
NoThanks for the tip.
Haven't seen it.
I'll check it out!
Good Night and God bless you my man,,
We've got adv screening passes for Sacha Baron Cohen's much anticipated TheDictator  Listen to at 730p to win!

good one!!
RT : The awkward moment when you go scuba diving and see Adele rolling in the deep.
Can Tebow do it against the pats today??
Today's testers, nice job on the Yellow Belt
not funny
Storm chasers utilise test and measurement tools  ET magazine
Use polling to get people to reflect and share.
Polls keep people involved and engaged
lol..both!!...he's acting like a little kid fighting the sleep..
how would the 25th work for u?
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
Miguel de Unamuno
Southfield, mi ........near Detroit
Power went out long enough to reset all the clocks!
back in
Thanks for the follow!
forget coal..
i hope you get a hot steaming lump of ....
for xmas :
Me jealous.
You in NYC
Hey, you should follow me!!
WHY?
Because I think you are amazing and you are one of my inspirations.
WHO IS BUYING VIP FOR THE SEATTLE SHOW TOMORROW.
I'm already reaching hun : 
That google logo is soo cute today!
HappyMothersDay !
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Enjoying it for everyone stuck in the office at their desk right now!
Wish u were here!
:
Good question.
RT : Please define mHealth.
Contraceptive Used in Africa May Double Risk of H.I.V.
The earthquake has not affected anyone here...
yet
InHouse vs OutofHouse depends on content, timeline, project budget, etc.
Sometimes it just depends on wanting a different look.
Insight Vacations Announces Top 10 Destinations for 2012
i know, likewise :
doctorving ur niece around for prom..Lol who cares if u spelled it wrong, this is twitter.
The important thing is they understood
Safe travels !
Stay away from those swimming pools, wouldn't want anyone to know you're faking the funk.
link me up to old dot
Sounds good.
I won't be able to stay long b/c of the pup.
So happy to hear from you
Almost ran me into a FedEx truck by ignoring my blinker and blocking my merging into traffic.
Maliciously, I would think.
OneThingIReallyHate is those two faced ass ppl that go and open their mouth behind your back smh
Dues going up.
Mo Saki mo happy.
im comin for you.
good luck.
its hunting season now and ive got you in my sights bitch
Getting ready to compete at harrison!
I hope doesn't get mad that I'm still awake.
: But I just wanted to say that I love love him.
I love him more than anything
Asked how many NFL teams there are..
Her answer?
47.
I guess not all girls like football like I do.
How else am I supposed to procrastinate and stalk people?
Got a hair cut :
Laugh just to hear yourself laugh; say you're sorry when saying it is the right thing to do; let go of the things u want 2 change, but can't
great butt girl!
I had to make another Twitter account cause my other one is for my Facebook pages.
Haha xD
Is it too much to ask for a man to still fuck you while on the rag?
stop being a fucking pussy and fuck that pussy.
hahahaha do funny
Your going to live long.
Get the fuck outta here wit dat weird shit
thx for the follow!!
these old fucks
Très chic!
RT Sippin' out of juice cups.
Breakfast of champions!
Detroit will continue to go down unless younger generations take over government there.
Thanks Michigan Gov.
Rick Snyder for leadership in launching NoKidHungry yesterday w/ Share Our Strength
Thank you!!
Now I just hope turkey turns out!
What's a just pony keg?
Thats it, time for change mates.
I bloody do mean it.
i agree!!
Whats the big deal?!?!
Can't wait to see where you make that WTM video thingy.
Huzza, huzza.
Thanks Forrest.
It was a blast and they're a great group.
Anytime my friend!
Slept in til 2 like a boss.
Now to go get Clueless, which comes out on bluray today!
Shoutout to promoting that hot video site IVCTV.NET  leading off with GENA My Dip In The Club ...CLASSIC class sic!
RT : so happy is a part of the likefather cast  he's one of my favorite actors to work with
what class?
When creating effective learning experiences, one provocative question is worth a hundoctord proclamations.
You fuckn bitch.:
tonight?:D like the good ol' days?
latest mass mail from the Gov.
of Va.
marked spam by Outlook.
Guess I better opt in that addoctorss since I work for a state agency.
yes and the sun never stays away for to long ;
Woww their pathetic!!
Some people need to grow up.
Still in the long haul back home
if you want to get some karma points back for sharing  i sit a cube away from you.
Fog thinning nicely to the W  NW of MKE.
Now mix of sun/clouds chance showers.
In a work survey asking about our plans for New Years?
Only 12 answered getting legless doctornk by midnight..I am questioning the voting
All bitches like is when they get treated like shit and get pushed over, then us nice guys suffer because were not what you like
There's a new face in the GC Accounting department this week!
We're always excited to have new peopleblog introduction coming soon!
Sometimes I wonder if people look in the mirror before they leave the house
thx!
love ur music!
cant wait till next time you and aero are in chicago!
check for an update tonite for the badder santa pack!
Although i will be attending Capitol Punishment this weekend in DC plzzz dont let Rtruth touch that title..
im in your corner
doctoram good.
Don't get lonesome.
Make up yr mind.
Shakeupyrenergy.
Get somethinglikeready.
For the mountainous world, waiting in ambush
hah!
gotta love it!
Go Bucks!
Double fisting: coffee and Diet Coke.
Oh, and I am against crime and support charities that help childoctorn.
You?
Packers Game Day!
Who's heading up to Green Bay tonight?
YOU BEST BE COMING OUT HERE
Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
I dont like to gamble, but if theres one thing Im willing to bet on, its myself.
therein lies the genesis of the new trust issues
This is going to be fun...work to midnight
MY MAN!!!!!!!!
what kind of beers you want tonite, ill pick em up
Ugh all the ppl in a relationship stop complaining yhu ungrateful bastards
New SNOCLOTHING Shirt Coming Soon!!!
Our site is back up  running folks!
Get your fancy on
school tomorrow
bye!
Have fun at school !3
We want to encourage our followers to also follow and RT , ,  for local updates
ashwednesday mass in med school chapel at noon today
Getting my nails done for prom.
:
let's make it live perhaps?
KG said maybe in Ep.
11
Don't get me wrong, I think you're awesome!
When laughing at me
Thanks Pauline, I hope u have an awesome weekend m/
Ooh, it's the birthday of ?
John, I hope you have a tremendously happy birthday!
yeah i'm too annoyed by the press to listen to the new kanye.
i never really moved past late registration
quotes The only pressure that you use in a professorssional selling presentation is the presence of silence after the closing question.
Up to a 400 air credit to Aruba.
Book in July for travel through midDecember.
I FUCKS WITH RON PAUL!
WHOOP!
IT is only as good as the people using it.
There are wonderful healthcare IT products, the docs just dont know how to use them.
Did you hear about the football team who ate too much pudding ?They got jellygated !
Maybe we should turn around
Huh.
I would fail at that.
I hated cataloging.
I appreciate it, but don't like doing it.
That is a terrific solo piano Christmas Album!!
think this calls for emotion HappySad!
Will miss you!
But adventure you!
Get pumped!
Get pumped!
Site on way señors!
oh I forgot you went bigTime  congrats tho!
NO he can't..
James Jones is more one dimensional than Steve Novak..............
Well this isn't LeBatard or papi!
Twitter guy for DLHQ, shape up and don't sound like a default machine.
Innovate or die.
Innovate or be irrelevant  Wilson fr USC's Annenberg school encourages foundations to embrace risk
overblown, yet oddly exciting....
Aw man...
our girl scout cookies are almost gone.
:
I'm watching from home.
Finally, fans can watch the game free of my tyrannical fandom.
woodson would probably be the classiest player on your conair jets
Lots of lightning, coastal storm like those from my childhood in Houston.
Glad I still keep a habit of a backup battery alarm clock!!
Don't tell me you haven't finished something cuz the system is down  then when I say it's up, tell me you're just NOW getting to it.
Grrrrr
Between 46pm, you can meet and in Lenexa at Kansas Sampler.
Don't forget to stop by!
Brian Eno's ambient albums.
: Two days until my 2nd anniversary.
I'm trying to think of a few more good gifts for Jason.
A swift kick in the ass?
What is santorum talking about.
This tangent is way too far.
aww thanks dear : le turtle hugs back
Oh, and the answer to the question  Glenn Gould playing Bach is pretty damn good brain/study music.
im knowing,i inboxed you on fbook a nigga aint get a reply back
I will pray for that soldier  family...
I'm so much happier now than I was then...
Rid of it.
Thanks for following!
Watch for daily updates and promotions from the culturallyinspired Tee shop!
Hello Act Now Network, thanks for following.
The chest tattoo can be very painful.
Awesome when it's done well.
And it's a big piece of space so choose wisely..
yes it felt good lmao.....jk
.
encourages AAS to develop policy and recommendations for digital reproduction.
Wanda got a man?
I wanna man!
Who's Wanda?
lol RT : WANDA GOT A MAN!!?!
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
yes and yes
Don't laugh.
He's the greatest.
just a great man all around.
love love him too
RAW Heat and Ice on sale for 1 for 15 and 2 for 20 at Seven Springs!
Best of luck to all the dancers!
:
Chiefs Rookie Camp Brandon Kinnie was catching the ball away from his body today.
It was impressive to see him grow from Friday to Today.
Love that movie!
Your mom named you after bottled water!!!!
mary katherine gallagher
Social media helps fuel AND control sports rumor mills.
I don't know a single thing about the Casey Anthony case.
ME I HOPE
If you are on the treadmill, walk at a good tempo whilst pumping the arms.
If your goal is WEIGHLOSS you must walk with purpose  LET GO!!!
Enjoying another Friday off.
A guy could get used to this.
Bleh, I have an awful taste in my mouth...
I thought doctorver was going to retire before that tweet.
I think he and the packers know whats going to happen
Been sick, so light beer flight.
Schlafly No.
15 and Schlafly Scotch Ale.
It just did it.
I'm listening to an intvw  it rewinds  plays the last 10 mins over  over again w/out me doing anything to it.
sounds like its time to buy!
buy!
buy!
He said it!
But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to.
Michael Jackson
: Congratulations on becoming part of the iEARN Australia management team!
I'm more interested in U as a humanist.
Why would U suggest I think about starting a business?
Have U done it?
I'll listen.
Nor light dusting of snow 'maying' NYC look gorgeous.
There is a jet lag, it just surfaced in syntax.
: 
Pat Barry looks like someone shrunk Frank Mir and took away all his skills.
o u mean the house dub of Shot Caller  Montana err bananas.
Big tune !
I've been avoiding the internet lately.
i know you don't believe that clippers game thoss refs need to be fired
Listening to
Happy Mother's Day  doctornk wine!!
Today I was in 3 states, saw 3 rainbows, and wrote one song.
Not bad in my book!
Played Lords of the Silver Seas and Dungeon World with sand worms, scarab men and hot bastet sorceresses!
what is the name of that guy who impregnated J.Lo?
is he a singer?
sorry, i don't have Google.
My girlfriend is better than yours
Great stuff this week from men.
Looking forward to firing up the blog and working more with these guys.
First up: Sprinters.
DMFSU was bad A!!!
Thanks for having us!!!
Will always live in our hearts
so when you gonna be in Chicago?
We got other queens here...!!
is watching TheBachelor...
hoping Ben F finds love!!
All the best to him!
RIP Dick Clark : A True Legend
yea u did!
But I understand...I still love u
Its time to wash my hands clean of this mess.
Never again, with each experience I only get wiser.
.
.
I don't know...
Disecting frogs in biology class
ZeroSpinePain is going international.
Why?
I don't know lol RT : White people LOVE Sir Charles!!!
Even though I'm only sixteen.
:
Happy Election Day here in Wisconsin
Hope you guys have a great day today
if you want a follow back tweet me :
I've cried so much :'c
haha who took this?
Yosemite on friday night if your in the park Friday night come check us out.
Any word on Kobe not playing?
I'm guessing he'll be a gametime decision?
Keep up the good work Koz!!
Slowly chipping away at Soulstorm.
This solar system will be taken in the name of
After all the things that I've been through?
It was a beautiful weekend for tons of races in the metro Atlanta area!
Where did you run?
I just ate a significant amount of pizza...
I've enriched your lives with this knowledge, you're welcome.
Do we have first hour tomorrow?!
Today is the anniversary of the birth of I think we can all agree this was a momentous occasion in all our lives Happy Anniversary
I'm done with social networking sites never joining a new one ever again
thanks for playing awesome music to work to on a rainy Monday.
Mayonaise by Smashing Pumpkins is AOK with me...
Three Twins at Fillmore  Haight  free organic ice cream giveaway today!
Tips go to Friends of the Urban Forest, who plant trees in SF.
Thank you.
To all our San Franciscans, make sure to get out and vote today!
seriously...
I'm so screwed.
if i can get outta bed ill be there.
Im slammed with work this week.
Will try my best.
Remind me the day before.
Xo
when he was answering ?s my internet went down then it came back when he performed his last song 3
ISO: Graphic Designer, please RT!!
Police: Autistic childoctorn trapped in a caged room reached their arms to grab detectives and once free, were excited and smiling.
kgw 6
: : the beats are pretty dope thx pimp let me know which 1 ya'll rock with!
how cool so ur famous pretty much?
thats amazing haha :
Tap List cont...
Devotion Blond Ale, Red Chair NW Pale Ale
RT : A4 Absolutely need to dominate the entire 1st page of Google for your name.
Showcase talent on those networks
i won't if she treats you right
Thanks for the extra tweets on that topic great job filling in for maddow btw
really pissed at myself for choosing Brave New World to be my independent novel.
I know :'
Lol...okay...thanks
man.
that has ACTUALLY happened so many times.
Prepared for the coming Gus Johnson explosion at the end of XavierKState...he's due...

the concert is 40, and its sunday.
Dont think I can go now
All I wanna do is crawl back in bed with E, n and not die
The mariner's bound to tell of his story To tell this tale wherever he goes To teach God's word by his own example
Brent Musberger went from exuberance to agony with that last tipin!!!
Mile 10 is always harder than mile 2.
Fight to have that same zeal you had in the beginning of your journey even when the running gets tough
Uh my big ex wants to move/find a job in chicago.
Can this get any better?
heyy follow back?
XBS fans will be happy to know all podcasts were recovered and I've uploaded them to Mediafire.
I'll post links soon.
thank you!
In Reno baking brownies!
Have a good weekend, my friends!
Living on the future edge, read it and find out more about moore's law
It took them 45 days to get an arrest for george zimmerman now they wanna let him back out wit his wife to jus chill??
No bail
Oh?
Do tell.
I'm not very good at saying thank you.
I need to be/get better at it.
There's so much on my Sustenance board that I'm dying to make!!!
I'm not a fan of Figgins, but the speed and utility type play would help here.
your like 3480398409 feet taller than me.
I need a new logo
Why does today feel like a Monday?????
thanks Greg I was mowing and missed Mikes tweet.
How was it?
Vacation rental home available in Maricopa Arizona.
Brand new bungalow close to The Duke golf course.
Call 18664653231 for details
We have a potential new summer menu item to try today...a MIMOSA cupcake!
Champagne cake with an orange zest whipped cream frosting!
shut up when you talk to me!
But I think when you start considering your favorite films, enjoyment and skill often collide.
Are you an independent landlord with a vacancy?
We'd like to help you rent your unit in exchange for feedback about our product.
Contact us!
would've been better if they used cats as the medium.
Don't you agree?
Thanks for the follow!
Lookin' forward to your tweets!!
OKC.
See ya later.
I missed who won.
I am sure WVU got jobbed again by refs that don't call fouls on Pitt or traveling when Pitt takes 5 step layups.
missing someone?
Everytime I watch , I immediately feel the need to throw on a fur vest/coat.
Does it matter that its 10pm  no one will see?
Nah
As long as I have my family and real friends I will never need anything else.
Everything else will fall into place
YOU'RE SUCH A DISNEY FAN !!!
xD 3 DISNEY xD LET ME GUESS ..SEBASTION SINGING FROM  ARIEL xD
So every site we have on just went down.
Awesome.
Database issues.
Why hot sauce lol
Go Cody!!
You have gotten big!
Wow to go!
You r amazing 3
did u grow up a star trek fan?
enjoying the broadcast  thinking u have a 'esqe cadence
thanks for the tweet!
Let us know if we can help you out in any way.
Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity
Follow  RT night everyone  all you beautiful ladies out there in this world ;
I hate when girls hair is up to their ears and than wear extensions down to their ass the next day ..
But yes im alive people..just been trying to get myself together  the last thing i need are distractions
The culture was manufactured by the auto industry and reinforced by big oil.
1 High speed rail 2 Huge investment in public transit.

We'll be sponsoring some Oakland students soon.
Stay posted to support some of Oakland's own!
Feels good to be back in the big d.
LeesvilleMemories giving this guy good buckets
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Constantly being active and pursuing your passionate  what's not inspiring about it?
Dog psychology and human psychology can from time to time be similar and other times are completely unalike
good afternoon world lol
absolutely  one of the best things about spring
Just caught up with last nights episode..
So sorry!!
: biggerthingsahead!!
chinup!
doctorke concert?!?!??
Purple nail polish ahh yeah!
yes!!!
I wish :' right?
I think so too
Thankful to see Another Day!
..come on!!
ASAP!!
I have a guest room set up just for you..
Lol
Where can we find more info about the internship for Lacey?
So sad to hear about JuniorSeau I hated him when he played for San Diego, that's the ultimate sign that he was a great player.
Sonic of Baltimore would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
Great advice!
RT : Not being able to do it all is no excuse for doing nothing.
I can't stop listening to the teaser guys asdfghjkl
Hubby walked thru market while wearing his redskins jacket.
We were stopped by someone 'shocked to meet another fan'.
will there be a iphone5
Jack Sikma, Fred Roberts, Marty Conlon, Frank Brickowski, Sidney Moncrief, The Big Dog and Darvin Ham Slamwich combined.
We see faces in the clouds, but never clouds in faces, because we have special cognitive modules for face detection.
Jonathan
: Totally beat after Aerobox at Aerospace gym with  Amazing class!
SO BEAT.
But so good.
Im watching all of 's keeks!!:D
stupid nightmare
Almost caught up on
I hate annoying people.
Omg.
Kill me.
New icon ;
ah!
can't wait, we're hoping to do a california trip this year
congrats !
You've won 100 Plum Dollars to use !
We can't wait to hear what you spent your plum bucks on!
Awesome  let me know if any questions?
RT : starting caveman diet on Monday...wish me luck!
:
My POL 300 Field Project looks bomb.
The appendix alone makes the paper weigh half a pound.
If this doesn't secure me a B idk what will
RIP Don Cornelius
Someone got tagged by an OZ!
Holy crap!
Basically, you guys should be terrified cause we hand picked these OZs and they are very good.
...
How was ?
Did you get to meet him?
Send pics.
Maury is pure Ratchetness; i say this at least once a day HA:
Everybody needs a good friend to believe in them.
Lori Brewer
I desperately need a hair cut
will definitely check out her music!
It's bad manners to say I love you with a mouth full of lies.
Have you been enjoying ur skeeball with !
What do you like most?
Baltimore police have somebody on my roof at gunpoint.
Never a dull moment.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
Vince L
detention sucks...
I give up
It's an islamaphobic blog and it is hilarious at best.
There is more people who WANT it then HAVE it.
Linda Lewis is giving the invocation.
Remember her moving speech about love and light last year?
The Nine Lives of Chole King
Same to you bud!
RT : Great times with the best of friends
Hey someone is hacking your account and sending me spammy messages.
don't get hit by a cab
i wont b online all day buti have twitter on my phone
Nope.
As long as you're over 18, we'll consider you.
So were your boys cheering for the Sox at that spring break game in DC or Baltimore?
Cool.
Beautiful Day to be working on Fences!
Lots of proposals to work on...
: How about we do one for you?
Friday night Football game
: Welcome to America.
Where obesity is genetics and being homosexual is a choice.
preach it, sista!
why why why cant i be a nice bitch why
When You Have Truly Worked Hard  Strived 4 Somethin, Your Future Will Be Rewardin.
Chickfila on the brain is pretty tough to overcome.
:D
Lmao !!
I'm the mascot!
Well we ll get them next yr i guess.
ItsAllFunInAndGamesTil someone gets pregnant;
Use your mind first in fitness.
MindFirstFitness
Come undone, surrender is stronger.
I don't need to be the hero today...its all for one love3
can i come and keep you company on ur plane ride?
we can arm wrestle...; lol jk..
or was i?
Happy Vday to gals  ladies!!
Interviewing pick up there new album 'world view'
Listening to TheWindow .
Narrow Minded Critics I can really relate too...good shitt.
what you up to :
I'm great!
Working a contract right now, that I love  selling wine!
Life is good!
How's biz?
i love my music lol
Thank you, bike helmet.
So my cheddar corn chowder made enough to feed a small nation.
Will have enough lunch for a week on the plus side...for me and eight others
Thanks for hosting us last night, we had a great time.
You have an awesome group!
Had a extra nice nite wit him last nite it scared the shit out of me that i might really like this dude
no good hot wings in Kerrville
Odd.
I'm thankful that it appears to just be a bad charger, and not an issue with my phone itself.
Thank goodness!
From my sis...New for 2012: call everybody pardner
u stupid
I don't watch tv, and if I do it's just to watch spongebob.
doctor Veronica Dujon made the essential point: alliances across affinity groups are critical to sustainable social movements.
Yes i'm over you but it just pisses me off how you;ve lied to me all this time
killed it just now at Mash Up!!
Congratulations.
We're glad to hear he chose to Tech.
He clearly has strong decisionmaking skills.
i just got home from the worst night of my life.
Be sure to join us at Zarletti every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday during the month of March and enjoy half off all bottles of Barbaresco
I'm sorry, but how do the Braves get away with the Tomahawk Chop?
: also there are tons of Fear and Loathing references in this movie.
The tall Tom?
See you then!!
Yeah buddy!!!
congrats to for qualifying!!!!!!!
Much love!!!
yeshimahugefan 3
The way adam talks about me  lmfao this kid.
3
OWS  NoNATO  What part of budget deficit, debt ceiling, austerity, recession is not clear?
No money to be wasted in wars/ WMD.
Just one of those nights I guess...
follow back.!!
Due to HVAC work in Room 2250, the air handling system will be shut down .
Apologies for the inconvenience.
Today was a success..
:
I agree.
TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS speedway's 7th grade bench
Wise words from : PARTY TIP: If you love your life, your life will love you back.
I hate when that happens!
I try not to talk bad about bands, but they arnt the best!
Music is our/my life so it's sad when bands like that make it big!
just saw the movie Cabin in the Woods....and I feel like saying something, but actually don't know what to say.
craycray ???
I do broadly assume people that follow me know that, but the general 30Rock viewing public may not.
No!
But I would stay up REALLY late!
Even when I had school the next day!
It was ridiculous!
I had to take medicine for it!
Found my gameboy, oh it's gonna be a magical night.
i don't have dimples!
or snake bites!
Correction!
It was !
Credit where credit's due
u are scrapers for blue rags it about dat red rags
Nigga I know where you live shut that shit up RT : Hop off my man, damn.
Lol.
: Got big plans this summer
Replacement of MARC as a carrier for RDA, need to transition from MARC another key RDA condition
Looking for a VP of Human Resources for an exciting diverse company in the Greater Seattle Area.
Is back to writing after a nice vacation
Twinkies w.
the chocolate filling :
AJAJAJAJJAJJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAAAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA are :B
Cause god gave me u for the ups and downs.
God gave me u for the days of dought.
Imagine licking your pussy, then you orgasm and then he starts going up your body slowly and sucking your skin3
I really love your inspiring quotes!
I read them daily.
For what does it professort a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul?
Whew!
Glad we arrested that terrorist.
Im staying at a cheap place down the road, but i can still enjoy the views.
lol
Tempted to switch scripting languages: scala is fast and powerful, but the syntax is ugly.
python is pretty; but dynamic typing isn't.
Sports do not build character.
They reveal it.
We hope it was her best one yet!
Thanks for picking us for the special occasion!
Thoughts become things!
I thought about a cup of black tea this morning  I had it in my hands by noon.
Next thought  building an empire.
Thank you, sir!
When your ready to be muture enough to love me, call me then.
only the real guidos come from brooklyn lol have you ever been to new york
The Morning After Pill sold in a vending machine.
Where and why it is happening on the CBS 58 Morning News.
when/will you be playing a show in Los Angeles any time soon???
Just spoke to someone else at the bank.
She said, and I quote exactly it's because of the fraud.
THE fraud, as if there's some famous one?
Women may face different and sometimes more difficult challenges in business.
Some pointers on how to overcome them ...
On YouTube, Whitney's Grammy performance of One Moment In Time gives you goosebumps on top of goosebumps.
Great talent.
Thx!
Funny, I was gonna Spark you but wasn't sure if you were around...
phew...and thanks for reading it.
Dog returned still blinded and won a Dog Collar match over Hayes doctorwing more than 26,000 fans to Dome
cool, can you share on here?
Ideas.
I got em.
Can't wait to watch at KCA!
IfonlyYouCould realize that not all guys are like him.
He's as fake as a ken doll.
Stop kissing his ass.
Open your eyes!!
you good fam?
RT : Happy Earth Day is trending.
Yes, enjoy Earth.
While you can....
raypartyof5 family time!
lol oh i feel stupid :
Ah, can't see anything in my apartment, Clooney's smugness is fogging it up
Guess I found my answer.
Too bad the episode leaked online :D

sydneys house bout to watch a movie xD
I guess it's better than burning a bench player just to bunt.
And hey, it's the Pirates
WAKE WAKE!!!
It never easy to wake up early.
You think I would be use to it by know.
Off to the gym I go.
We asked for that and the agent said that wasn't an option.
That would sure be nice customer service if they could do it.
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
iwca: Whitaker says step 1 is to train wcenters not to judge writers who have ediscourse in academic prose but to see ed as a home lang
Thank you for the photo.
My stomach just grumbled: Gimmie one of those right now!
don't owe nuthin 2 no bodies
I think I may be too old for mosh pits....
I want to have an intense battle with someone in scramble with friends.
username: joshwesleep
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for listening!
I am already getting excited for next week's discussion!
cc:
oh yea
I Love MAD Magazines 
already got you on instagram
why would I go for the weekend?
...
Oh are they?
Least I'll know you be in town fatboy!
Thanks for the follow
I come back to twitter, and I see people talking about Alex's crotch.....that must of been an interesting concert........
What does oomf mean?
Im new lol sorry
we are going to the grocery store today in school.....
what the heck.
:p
We have a guinea pig who is going to test it out along with an exercise program and document everything the guineapigproject
Hispanic Museum of NV Grand Opening...
The Seagulls  UNLV...
Le Thai...
Happy New Year in Different Languages
i know im being nitpicky here, but the clip vs the Ravens starting at 38 secs was from the season before.
Good video though.
Ready to go home falling asleep in geometry
Ah, but I know a fax is going to be ignored; people will actually read a letter.
I just got an andoctorid phone today.
Liking it...
Sitting in fedex kinkos waiting for assistance.
Both clerks are assisting customers and the other 5 customers are pissed.
you're welcome!
You'll have to come back to Hana soon!
: stellahow many left
World Premiere tonight at Stateside theater at 7pm tonight!!
it always is!
And it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together.
A litmus test of sorts.
lol I know :s
I need a red marker NOW!
Everyone goto the hooters in Monroeville tonight for the bikini contest!
Im having a Graduation BBQ :D im excited.!
omg stop being so amazing sometime:
A special thanks to Beyond Star of Sandy Springs, GA for making a connection with us through Merchant's Circle.
Hey Skip, I was wondering who you picked to win the super bowl this year.
I want to be like Shaq when I grow up.
I want to be 7'2.
Nah I can't be 7'2?
LiveYourdoctorams b.
RT : Online tickets for sold out.
But you can buy them at the door.
:
why thank ya
Just saw premiere of the film 50/50 with Seth Rogan and Joe Gordon Levitt.
Really good, best I've seen in 2 years.
Great Job on Good Day LA this AM!!!!!!!
That's awesome!
Congrats!!
:
hey chachi i ordered chachimommapants a month ago and still didnt get them
Thanks!
No, we need to be out by tomorrow.
We talk a big game about working from home until we find an awesome new office space
agree with you on ebay, but I still think Pandora design is pretty good, at least on main music listening interface
Retired Aerospace Engineer Debuts into the Literary Spotlight
Are you free on Sunday for brunch?!?!
Cannot wait to go back to Zenith.
I had two bowls just now...one was cereal
Hey Rahid!
Any chance you're planning on being near O'Hare in the next hour or so?
Already designing new lines for CountryFloors.
My mind is blowing up with ideas!
Just not sure if any will make it to Coverings????!
Omg when Glee is finally over...i know im gonna cry like a freaking baby.
some of those campers are nicer than my home!!
I'm certain: it is not good.
no way.
It took me way too long to beat lvl 4.
Today I may try for 3 stars.
making a girl smile is worth it right?
Then plz follow us nd me make us smile as for it means a lot :
It's the last day to help kids and have your gift matched by Text 4KIDS to 20222 to turn 5 into 10.
blue gatorade forever
hey yeah your reading this!
arnt you; well you should make my rainy day good aand follow me!: 33 U!
Well I Jacked that up pretty well...
If ur sneezing and have itchie eyes RT and say me!
This race to success is a marathon, not a sprint!!!!!
My roommate and her friends are having a conversation about chores/cleaning right now..
it's ironic cause she's the messiest person I know.
Cause I can't make you love me if you don't.
You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Wish I Didnt Have To Workk
112 I'm the theory and you're the proof.
Sometimes I really hate UB.
if you can help me stop the your user name has signed in from another location AIM message, I'll buy you 's new book RT
Going to see what state the Housatonic is in today
It's great to be a Tennessee Vol!
Sorry changing my professorle a bit before I leave by big bro
i'm an old school ChulaVistan/Bonitan ..under my breath i'm saying CheeseLake instead of Eastlake lol
Total Recall: Chimp Movies In what's becoming an adorable annual Earth Day tradition, Disney will release the latest installment in its s
The media spends so much time fawning over the Kardashians and our childoctorn get the silent treatment when it comes to child sexual abuse.
Happy FourthOJuly from ya boys in Nemesys!
IM SO EXCITED MY NEW NEPHEW, NOAH, WAS BORN THIS MORNING AT 8:35 AM3
K we're here.
good stuff Charlie...
Keep it up!
Are you a singer?
Now I'm afraid to fall back asleep
My pics better have turned out or ill be pissed.
it's all s fault...he washed that shirt
Really looking forward to working with you  Moo  Inman  Awesome!
cc:
excuse me?
It was wonderful seeing everyone tonight!
We hope you enjoyed the event : We encourage feedback on Twitter, Facebook, email, or LinkedIn!
At least and the Royals and Thunder are doing good.
Just watched Cloverfield, which I had been told sucked, but since there wasn't anything else I watched it.
we!
I'm getting dizzeeeeeee!
Cool, Emily!
my jam
Planning has started for the 3rd Annual KGO Beer Festival  looking for a new venue  stay tuned for more info.
feels similarly, but I actually like it and think that there is value in it.
I'll send you the links and convos.
An autographed book makes a perfect stocking stuffer  only 10 and I'll send it to your doorstep.
Shoot me a reply and it's yours tomorrow!
Holy shit, man!
I mistook FULL SIZE for studio scale.
Never mind.
Or, gay.
RT Truth.
RT : Nonexistant.
RT : Genuine people of the male species where r u.
Thanks very much  will check you out as well!
And I'm doubt it that I'll start working out.
:P
in the past 10 years billy Joel has had more billboard hits with his car than his piano
music has started
Happy Good Friday !:
Saturday Night!
Come party Vegas style!
Contact me for free admission limo ride!
We ordered sushi tonight and my 4yearold ate most of it.
She picks up sashimi and says, fishy and takes a bite.
Hilarious
ha ha u have a bugaboss???
The are a lot of companies that a bad mojo.
Be wary of them.
Looking for a reason to play hookie?
Take a ziptrip to Lift tickets are on us!!
DM or call 4106851867 for deetz
u got a dark horse for celebrity apprentice?
watched the hawaii  philippines episodes of Anthony Bourdain No Reservations...this doesn't help in achieving a negative calorie intake
wow, talk about perfect .
im speechless.
Yes.
u there or at Marquette game?
Or are u at both?
LMAO!
remember when we were putting the butter through the straw..that was a fail bahaha
love the picture with blonde hair.
its very pretty.
thanks.!
I am deciding what to do with Facebook.!
Happy Saturday folks!
Reporting nice and early today in order to cover the snow expected to come our way...Tweet your weather photos!
RIP field mouse.
You were a cunning and worthy adversary, I salute you.
Pray to God that he would forgive me and everyone else
I heard humans will be immortal by 2026.
Can see me completely ruining my toms before florida.
yes finally!!!
Took them a few days, We were also without water!
windbecrazy Any damage over there?
we have got a lot of Milwaukee fan feedback about !
Doing well.
I'm a procrastinator so I stay busy.
All well in your parts?
Thanks for the RT on the countdown to IDODI Global Finals!
Thus begins the 27 day cram session for the DAT
It is impossible to actually speak to someone at UPS.
It's like everyone but the people who deliver are automated.
Happy belated Birthday, Chad!
Ahh...Meal from hell.
Good luck eating that.
Just recorded Nick Carter for the youtube ministry!he did amazing!encouragement of the heart 2 up by tomorrow!go check it out!
HEi
30 Students just arrived all the way from Iowa State University
Who's watching SNL right now me!!!
Lol
Omg just followed my other account : I'm soo happy thxs Austin omg!!!
:
While you're waiting around for tonight's match to start, make sure you catch Philadelphia  Columbus on at 2:30 Central!
Emerald recruits for equal opportunity employers.
I am changing my name to JJ.
When you get home

I dont like it when people make jokes about me.
Its not funny.
Yes, there is even a whole wikipedia article on it.
The way I fixed the hack the last time was to remove this one file that I noticed was in my hacked sites but not my others.
My cat whines like a little kid.
She's so cute.
looks like you had a successful event.
Hope your well!
aw shit pettitte's back tomorrow!
2/4 App Special: Creole Seared Sea Scallops with Garlic Spinach  Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Hold up wait a minute
Rain and wind starting to show up from hurricane Earl.
It could hardly be more humid  whew.
These late night convos 
Agreed.
Really suprised there was not more.
thank you Mark!
It's Dustin : I coown with 
HAHA.
I feel dumb.
I swear they have the same specials.
Less than 20hrs till 2012 oh boy..
splatter painting?
The Socialcam app could be cool but defeats itself with some bonehead things.
Needs to work harder on making people love it vs just try it.
Apple Scotland....having a wee bit of trouble.
Which is to say I'm really enjoying where I am with my current writing project.
haha it's okay!
I thought it was funny!
You are welcome!
I haven't seen them perform, but I've heard RAVES, and would like to be in a place where I could see them.
Sometime I love the unpredictability of my workdays, today is not one of those days.
You've faced near death situations in doctorams, but you've never actually died in your doctorams.
If I had a sex change, I would change mine to more
so far saw nikki, everett, mackie, jess, and walker here.
and will too :
Did you know: We're one of the very few places in Texas that's actually licensed for laser hair removal.
Thanks for the follow!
So annoyed.
That's funny :, seldom is an addoctorss a cause for laughter, and, it sounds like you are a loving parent.
:
I loved that interview.
He provided many, many nights of reading w/ my kids.
What a gift.
Also, smart ass :
felling good...
just finish my wings...
flossed my teeth...I'm all good
: It's kinda chilly out .
word.
I'm really cold .
It's getting hot in here!!!
Haven't seen the Avengers yet.
Bad blogger!
Bad!
Are you wanting riot grrrl band suggestions or just female band suggestions in general?
Sybil Adelman Ok.
Sex is fine.
Sex is good.
Sex is GREAT Okay okay we need men for sex...
Do we need so many
Welcome to the greatest thing ever.
Congratulations.
I LOVE my
Bob Brenley is now ripping the sad bunt.
Progress!
Keeping really busy, couple logos and a website at the moment!
Working with the wife has been pretty dang good so far.
Donated bottled water, canned food, sanitary napkins, medicines to help people experience flooding.
In many sectors In Thailand.
Vjax or Torrain Flex this week?
If I miss Riverwest it won't be for the fucking gunshots.
walkers numbers are the same as Iran's election numbers.
Ready to fail this Economics test today.
Thx for the info, and good to know some doctor do not use progesterone.
It gave me ALL the PG symptoms.
Its NationalPopcornDay!
Have you tried s truffle oil popcorn or s popcorn w/ pimenton?
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH ;D
very cute!!
hows tricks dude?
nothin just fuckin tite ...
my whole day just went upside down i new some bullshit would happen today
whether you will be happy beliebers in Indonesia?
MCA from the Beastie Boys died.
Crazy week.
I shoulda went to school for nursin cuz i swear im bein a better nurse to my son den the nurses here
Oh wait FirstFridays and Club Vissions tomorrow for BDAY Party ok crackn weekend.
Finals will be over soon, and everyone will be able to relax.
:
We will miss you!
RT Celebrating my last night in the ATL w great friends.
Having awesome dinner at Parish's communal table.
turned now you aint got yo lady and late at night you toss and turn but you soon forgive and forget and you live and learn then the bitch
going to start my workout regimen sometime this week
AFC South Divisional Schedules for the 2012 NFL Season
In the giant white rapist van?
Okay, I see you now!
Hi!
Philadelphia Sets Sights On Becoming America's Next Big Tech Town, and we are part of of it
FACT  USA's Incarceration Rate at an ALLTIME HistoricHigh as Millions of Humans are LockedUp  Costing Billions .
dude i love n.e.r.d.
Been fighting a cold all week.
Huge weekend for !!!
Y'all are gonna love this scene.
It's hilarious!
So excited.
there's a twitter for ?????
Instant follow
CFIMITYM  Cash flow is more important than your mother
Great Bella Thorne came online and my timeline is flooded with spams sent to her .
3
I won't hold my breath...
Not too much  sign says Southern Inspired  heard it's more upscale cuisine and breakfast, opening 12/1
See if that tweet was about me btw :/.
follow back ?
it was great!
So many talented performers came out to see us at !
Thanks!
Are you teamsales or teamfinance?
: where u staying?I'm about to leave cedar hill an head to mesquite
I haven't yet read up on but as long as he's running against Eric Cantor, he's got my support.
He's such a little baby ugh
Hats off, honor and BIG thanks to all of those whom are serving or have in the past.
God bless and thank you for Freedom.
Freedom isnot free
Ya think Newt Gingrich will have his grandkids doing janitorial duties at their school?
serious, perfect timing.
Have mine.
We can all take pics of our offices later!
hahaha .
It was for a good time!!
Hahaha
Sorry if I'm blowing up your phone ; goin on a tweeting rampage.
The afternoon early birds????
family is important.
From start to finish.
Merry Christmas!
Enjoy a positive, prosperous and productive day, lovelies!
You can't take back the words you NEVER said.
Hoolllyy poop, my sister just hit a car.
Climax by Usher is so sexy
Fire in the disco...Fire in the Taco Bell...Fire in the disco...Fire in the gates of hell
I hate being sad and then getting mad that I'm sad.
I'm shooting a wedding today, so it'll either be in the evening or while I'm on the road
Bored as hell Bored  Swag
How do I reach the stars, when I don't have a spaceship?
you can grab ears now???
Who?
You got me fucked up.
had an AWESOME morning on set!
so much fun  talented group
Forgot when IRE was again ...
You need to be able to love yourself, before you can love someone else.
Happy New Year, everyone!
I'm currently fixing up a great lunch for some dear friends.
Here's to an amazing year!
cheers
doctorma lead actress: Julianna Margulies in Good Wife.
A pic of a Washington trillium.
Taken today on a great hike :
yikes!
I better step it up!
Haha Wordpress training here I come.
It's so damn boring!!
I never do anything here on the weekends.
I can't wait to come home
Librarians are over helpful.
Be simpler.
I've watched half of it.
I know, those kids are the real victims.
But my far, how far T.O.
has sunk.
Hey everyone, The Trims will be playing San Jose's Left Coast Live music festival Saturday October 8th!!!
: Read Graham Greene lately?
Worth a revisit, even if you're not Catholic.
Like reading Kerouac while not being a Buddhist?
oh my i was goin nuts.
i cant believe we pulled that off.
suddenly this is a new series!!!
right back at you, sweetie!
Thx for being my seat buddy tonight, you made it SO much more fun!
xoxo
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!!
It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!!
: 3
ah ok.
I thought I missed something lol
truffle shuffle
money from strangers is my new favorite show
i voter yeah twice one as sag and that other as Aftra
Who is ready for a fun nite of Music Margaritas and munchies with ?
I am!
I am!
Man salads at McDonald's be too fucking stingy let's be honest that's like going to a strip club for a hug.
So now we're an offensive juggernaut??
Uh, yeah that works!
y u lol at me
Watched the startup competition leweb09 we'll be pitching tomorrow so it's good training
some C D Friedoctorch might be nice?
Symmetrical, yet interesting and kinda mysterious!
:
Sit back, relax, get a massage, and get your teeth cleaned!
Thanks to New Self Renewal, we are treating our patients to massages this week!
You should start a petition and make it happen, I'm behind ACME wun hunet!
Here's hoping, Emily!
They did end up with a better year than last, so here's to another better one!
:
Sorry I'm late for letstalkdance watching Thunder okc !
ok bet...i'ma get different sizes...i might go back to the place where I got the money bag swag shirts done...
wow!
get many massages that would help?
oh.
sad face...
keep me posted.
I missed you T.
y did c get hate tweets??
damn wish I could but Im going out tonight.
Sorry bro
Im just sayin' you could do better!
wao, lucky you!
Thanks god one of my professorssors has a brain!
There was no way I could summarize a 14 page article in 1 page
At Triangle Square Theater in Costa Mesa waiting for the Newport Beach Film Festival screening of Rape Kit.
I see you guy!!
: Chopping Samples at 4 in the Am...
Grinding
Hi Meghna, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11.
What were you doing on 9/11?
Book proceeds go to charity.
As we find harmony in our hectic lives we will develop renewed energy to hold securely those things that matter most.
Jim Woods
Some people just want to take a stand to be heard, not to change anything
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragement, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things...
Yes, but I She is sweet home chicago...it will surface again soon.
;
cuddle weather is for people who have someone to cuddle with.

yeah I am trying to devote more time to fun...that and not get fat, those are two big goals right now...
Glad i was never a boyscout
Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back telling me I need you in my life
I'm actually really excited to move.
Asdfghjkl.
Billion dollar doctorams, hundoctord dollar nightmares.
TAG US IN A FF WE'LL RETURN THE FAVOR!
GO GO GO GO!!!
LA all day
Bitches Like Me Don't Need A iPhone Lmao
big thnx dave
At a party where this kid just literally whipped his dick out timetogohome g'night
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars WR Jason Hill returned 2 practice Friday, but practiced only on a limited basis  ...
I get it, but don't think it matters whether or not LGBT folks can conceal their identity.
Hiding it can be a painful choice.
Did not make it.
Will explain later.
Shortly after dawn, eight Schlitzes in now that's the way to start a book chapter.
DJ CBreezy on the ones and twos at the ND football stadium!!!
I suspect there would be a lot of people in agreement
I don't see how you could be upset at me for me staying in my lane and doing me when your suppose to be in your lane paying attention to u!
Can it include scotch?
RT : Perhaps we need to plan a presentation that includes , you and me?
Why is it there are some people in this world that no matter how much you love em nothing is simple when making plans with them
I thought the new phrase was
Hey friends!
Hope you all are available to come to the show this Friday with phynx at the vinyl!
Gonna be a rocking good time..
I have more than doubled the size of my Canticum Novum Singers to perform Bach'sMassinBMinor on May 19th.
Nice shout out by
Very Soon:

Disco budgie in the house tonight  eat some millet and have a good time!
I think you're right  couldn't have even imagined days like these :
Bynum  McGee collective height14 ft...
collective IQ?
Yup in my white tee
RT : I'm finding out more and more that the who's who of young professorssionals will be at the this Sat...so excited!
Congratulations to the entire cast and crew of the Uptown Whole Food for our excellent performance of Get Ready this morning!
how do I level up my clan?
doctorssing on the side.
honestly, anything over 45 is nice for running...over 65 I'll get super hot  sweaty :P
made my dick hella hard
its a small hood but its all god and mister rogers aint got shyt up on my neighborhood
RT  I hate the New England patriots with a mutha fuckin passion.
oh no : I heard the raven was bad :
that was brillant
On my way to my bed : , gnight '
is that a read?
Dead week is gonna kill me
On average a human being spends two weeks of their entire lives waiting for traffic lights to changefeels like more sometimes though!
we gone have to figure somethin out asap.
Well, the good news is we can take credit/debit cards now...
yay!
i was just making sure you knew haha
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
Thayer for Mayor!
Weather slowing us down.
Expectation is to be back in Wichita tomorrow evening.
Schubert  Mozart type of night whilst on the way to box seats at the theatre...
let the Pellegrino flow...
WowAtlanta airport is so delayed tonightat this pace my inbound flight may leave before my outbound!
Has an airport ever had a revival?
Playing Truth or Dare with Micheal OwnsMyHeart:
Pitt Engineering students, looking for jobs?
Take a glance at to see if any look appealing.
RT : my mom kept asking why me and my ex dont talk  cause i dont fuck w him nomore lol
and I are hilarious.
So awkward RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're awesome.
how so?
Would love to but we don't have any seats in the back since we brought the bikes.
Sorry
Im nt the same without you just to let you kno bae:
Ima Need A Refund For Thee Shiit Yu Bring Because Its Just Not Addin Up!
NC Gov pulls foot outta mouth after making an insensitive remark about the state of MS.
Doesn't matter that it is sorta true.
Thanks for the follow, Oisin!
I Need to leave this building as well lmao
Got mo ass then a muthafuka
Thanks for having at your event  best of luck with the website launch
Excellent job NASA.
Time for privatization.
plz tell me more about this madness later...
Anybody know what's going on around Station North?
I hear rumors of lots of smoke in the air?
Live a life worth living.
RT:: beer goggles really suck
This is the perfect song for a Long boarding video.
I Love MyHayniacFamily :
Having tacos for breakfast every Sunday morning cus u work with mexicans 
tune in the QOTR radio show on queenofthering.tv
Of course Manimal should be Rookie of the year beast mode always
yes, I read all the books as well.
Truly a great series!
In Texas we can buy guns at convenience stores.
Kentucky moves past number 1 Ohio St.
Go Big Blue!
One day, I will see the world.
apologies for the old tweets David.
We're aware of it and working on it.
If it bugs you while we do, you can unfollow.
Wow, did not remember to say happy birthday to his baby girl Shania Twain...
What a terrible boy toy..
:p
uh huh it's gonna be raining men up in 416 wooohoooo!!
Often the wisest words are the words unspoken.
Anne Frank
11 days till the happiest day of my life w
for me it's all about the doctorma, fashion, and relationships.
Basically everything that makes up my life..just more glamorous.
:
samuelsmithimperialstout kind of night
Everyone is so excited to be out of school and I'm still stuck in this hell for another 2 weeks...
Fuck.
HERESTOALL In life, you'll meet 2 kinds of people.
The 1's who build you up and the 1's who tear you down.
In the end, youll thank them both
Can museums measure visitor change in complex social behavior?
AAM2012 session reportout focusing on the efforts of
They're still good.
Funny, I don't recall making that.
what happened to your Facebook yo?
totally ate dirt when bella flipped and full force bucked and i hit the ground freakin awum!
you're welcome!
Just saw video of the World Peace/Ron Artest elbow.
That was ugly!
Glow Run 12/1 6:30pm  running to Halsted store.
doctorss warm  be ready to GLOW!
I know UK is still going hard after Bennett.
Is Cal still targeting Jefferson?
Come on ya'll!!
12 more likes to a Giveaway extravaganza!!!
Hey!
Your face just popped up, so I thought I'd ask: any chance you're attending Explore Nashville this week?
From what it sounds, Taj is likely 2 play tomorrow which is a good thing
see you tonite!
: yeee Boogie Boogie :
Yooooo hey stranger
I didn't have any Little Debbie's Nutty Bars today.
Yoo can doo eet!
I think I just witnessed my dog running up and along the side of the couch as she races around our living room.
Thank you to for another great job this year.
Hope u find her ...
how is it?
What will your company look like when Millennials call the shots?
Find out in the new whitepaper millennialinc.com.
awesome mag, Troy!
Congrats!
I love it!
I just hate when random American made movies set in the middle of Europe everyone has a British accent.
Why?!
Top 5 Hiking Trails in Colorado Springs
When I'm irritated I nap...good night.
it's an inherent lie since it's impossible to be glamorous on a galerina salary.
I'm doing good.
Thanks for asking.
CHIcago!
Tomorrow night!
Seton Academy!
5pm!
You.
Me.
Chevy Sonic.
Grab some prizes and register to WIN 's Chevy Sonic!
no u ok
Dont let it take you...
Call iTAL REHAB, i will work with you to take your life back.
Be doctorgs free and love yourself.
Call me 3663923.
thank you I joined!
Gotta love the name!
Let's take flight!
god morning my friend!
CES in Las Vegas will showcase a lot of new technology for cars, none will help with parking.
I'm going to listen because if you can condense it to 140 characters then that is impressive.
coming back from the pool.:
New mayday parade, seems promising!
Hey , has been sending you Enrique music videos too?
Not Sure Yet, Setting Up a Few More Plays Before I Let Everybody Hear the Final...Should Have a Snippet Play Up Tomorrow
hello my amazing love !!
I missed u more!!
Yes right we can talk on Saturday and on Sunday as long as we want : 
RT : We've isolated the Rio Grande outage down to 1360 cust w/out power.
Crews working to repair downed line near Luke/Rio Grande.
He can't have the fund unless he's being investigated/charged.
Unless he's not, then having a fund is itself breaking the law
anyone need tickets to the vegas show this summer?
unless of course they're from eugene in which case they get my last place vote
Sigh.
I think there's a potential fair use claim in that the excerpt won't affect the market value of the collection.
The Sound of Freedom has returned to the skies over Jacksonville after a much too long absence, and people are WHINING about it?..for SHAME!
lol..
I need a chick..
wats up man, where yo sexy friends at.
:
Now scoring Baseball / Softball games from my mobile device using iScore Baseball  you can too
Watching 100 middle schoolers try to find seats on concert stage prompts me to think of a word from high school French: embouteillage.
m spaghettio's :
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana going through bananas
Good job honey lol : I'm trying
Visiting my girlfriend at work.
Free beer!
Haha.
Hit me up for DITCH FRIDAYS..
Thanks for following and Have a great day!
I completely lost my voice idk how I am gonna do my video...
Never give up...
but there's 52 sec left and CLIPPERS are down 5 with only 1 timeout remaining.
How I love thee
Why are we the same person?
Next SCALA event: Hocus Pocus and a Say Yes to the doctorss marathon.
I think it is so Big Brother viewers will watch The Amazing Race.
They have much different viewer demographics ;
Absolutely!
Let's plan some time to catch up  I didn't realize they had Zumba.
I may have to try that on Weds.
Is This The End of Affiliate Marketing?
thank you for being here for me, Im so thankful for you.
I love you 
screw what people say .
The best reps
are you up studying?
Lol
Yep, definitely
Taylor Gang or get the same haircut as twitcon
good and u?!
Saw speak at the New School as part of the pen world voices festival last night.
Isn't she great?
Watching our producer, Kate Ducey get her Cirque School on...gonna be shuper shweet.
Right!
It would be perfect!
misterpickering
I just facebooked him and he said no problem
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch?
Matt
I would have too.
Its the only way I'd stay sane.
No abbs though RT : mcnabb acting like t.o.
now, 'workouts will be televised'
so much for live twitterfeed displays...
On the way to set up for RR Day!
Pulled an all nighter getting last minute details ready...kids will have a great time today!!!
when do we get fsc/fox soccer plus and gol tv in hd in kansas city?
Permanent Chinese finger trap.
They or geek glasses RT : lol that picture was funny as hell.
goggles for the hot tub rly?
How long have you been working on that tweet?
Tanner is playing in the litter I just cleaned 
Tis why I love you!!!
LOL.
Thanks babes, I'm rockin it tomorrow.
you guess?
Well I need some more enthusiasm from you missy.
Will I see u this weekend?
I saw Lester is pitching vs Royals tonight.
They've got a chance.
It's the no name pitchers called up that concern me.
Planing my trip to Mendoza, Argentina.
Mind you it is winter in the Southern Hemisphere right now D
When Family Guy comes on these days, I flip the channel almost as fast as when I hear the Sex and the City theme.
got Christmas breakfast
Have a safe and happy New Year's Eve!!!!!
I just keep seeing this scary serial killer psychopath who writes boring books to balance out his madness.
I get it.
85, well it's not 90!
Sheryl, thanks for following me!
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send long meaningful texts when shes had a horrible day .
And a new wine to doctornk with em lol
More like the complete opposite.
glad i could help my lady.
you guys deserve it.
Due to a windoctorlated power outage, I could not use the magical special features of my supertoilet this morning.
thank you so much.
I love Scottsdale...except the hot summer months!
Even though we let it go, you should know I still got it for ya
locking myself in my room
16andpregnant those bitches need to get slapped
Hey, I'm new at this.
What d'ya do?
How FUNNY!!!
RT : TAX DAY!
Did U ever notice that when U put the words The  IRS together, it spells THEIRS?
Doing research for interview on Tuesday.
The last time I interviewed for a similar position, I sort of flaked out.
Please Follow this Guy He is New : i'll apreciate 3
Are you cheering for the celtics?
What?
Thank you!
BecauseOfMichael Klaus is alive and wants to destroy Stefan RT: whoa whoa this can so be a TVD trend...
BecauseOfMichael
Good Morning!
You already know what time it is.......
cardio time :
what are people judging you about?
That is awesome to hear!
Glad you're cancer free!
You should check out  Maybe you'd like to be a mentor
Watched the Marcus Dupree 30 for 30 again, tremendous.
Ran similar to Eric Dickerson when healthy/fit.
Glad he tasted the NFL, tho briefly.
All wealth is the product of labor.
John Locke
Hey Hey!
Welcome to Twitter!
how bout or tweeting me ; 3
About to begin July collection period, will announce this month's charity soon.
Stay tuned and be ready to send them your 1 donation!
Data data everywhere, and not a thought to think!
Girls who put they buisness on twitter most likely will grow up to work in a Post office
Where is our scoring touch?
Bruins getting many more scoring chances then the Wild but can't get the puck in the net.
Let's go, B's!!
I was just in an Off Broadway Show that took place in Terlingua.
Closed on Friday.
I'm tired of Chris picking on me.
I thought maybe it was one of those pics where there's something nasty hidden.
Like a cockroach hiding behind the bun.
Loving this presentation by / about optimizing WordPress.
Have several docpages open at the same time.
:
What a great night.
Missin my hubby....
But partying with the neighbors is a nice distraction!!
Will do!
I'm still full from that
I'm so excited I can't stand it!
beach bound
Ok, so alot of u are wonderin WTF happened, if u want the fict.
Version go to my band page, silk flamingo  the beat!
Become a fan!
NeighborCity is hiring Account Execs  Customer Service in San Francisco.
Comp.
Base Salary, Commiss and full benefits.
DM me for more info
What is Ty Lawson doing...
All good points.
I would just hate to bore my reader, though I don't think that's really an issue.
:
Hi Bradley, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived Follow 2 DM?
it was a little awkward, but call it twam from tinychat.
Check out schoollibraryexchange if u get a mo!
Simon
The Holy Grail marketer question: How do I know what I did online actually worked offline?
Ok, the 2 week break for TVD was fine, last nights made all up for it!:
Hey, you're welcome!
Hope you dig it!
i got food poisoning today.
i don't know when I'll use it though.
Rehearsal in the 87501 tonight!
The ONLY good thing about a long bus ride is catching up on podcasts.
, , , distract me from lumbar pain!
Loving on his show Flea Man!
Makes me excited to go to more flea markets this summer!
Fayetteville State showing their virtual desktop running on an iPad
If you see a person crying, don't say or ask anything.
Just give a hug to the person, since feelings should precede words.
and is apparently looking forward to rnd 2 of our SpanishTragedy off.
'course my memory of first one aren't clear.
Thanks for responding to our tweet, Qlove.
Will you play at my next BBQ?
why so blue panda bear?
Taking shots throne is unwise especially when u are unequipped with the talent and intelligence required to complete the task
Wanna smell like a ginger biscuit?
renowned digital marketing skillz :
Lotusphere sadly comes to an end.
I left Orlando with a lot of great new relationship, a brain full of knowledge and a Ton of schwag!
A special FollowFriday to my family: , , , ,
man we haven't had SBB in months.
Latner and I have failed the tradition.
For the record, this thing is crazy and assumes every games I've played for the last 5 years happened in one afternoon.
Yikes!
Fun Fact: Jamie Moyer pitched 141 MLB games before his current team, the Rockies, ever existed
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: cat happy the two roommates are finally home together so he doesn't have to fill in the role for the other.
hey you have pretty eyes
LOL.
You know, that could be taken to mean he calls at the same time.
You're just taking a different approach.
;
it's saturday in athens and gameday in phoenix.
lets go
Click your heels and think of me...chickaboom
Cubs, Yankees, Red Sox...yes, there are.
He's as good as gone  which we all knew years ago, anyways.
Happy VALENTINE'S DAY.
Appreciate that special someone!!!!
And always remember to Love yourself!!!
Dose any body know when Black Gold will be in the U.S.
Got be at doctor at 3
Currently tweeting on a Samsung tablet.
These thingsare sick.
On the mosquitaymari set today.
Lots of pixies and fairy dust everywhere!
Visual COM and COM theory.
I'm done with the semester and literally counting the hours.
Wait same number right?
THX X: Want to smash my computer everytime i try serach and get this user does not exist sigh
Happy 5th Birthday kidoctoruhl.
We beliebers love you.
3 I hope to meet you and I hope you follow me.
:
Austin is the reason why I smile everyday :
WHO IS ONLINE??
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT I'll RT AND FOLLOW YOU.
TWEET ME
hey i have to have to go.
i promise i will get you those 2 followers tomorrow!
:
we're all cunning linguists?
You know it!
Let us know if you need any Best of Philly BBQ!
Bianco is overrated, but Cibo always satisfies.
Or il Postino.
I took a class on the whole conflict.
childoctorn was used as case study for media spreading a very simplified/naive message
Really?
Really?
Really?
you really have Saint Mary's in the NCAA championship?
follow me
Whats been up Bro?
Check in on you for a minute...
We're going first.
brunch brunch brunch
Say it isn't so, Steve!
Seattle Thunderbirds to introduce Steve Konowalchuk as head coach on Thursday.
Only three days to go.
Vacation time awaits.
RT: talk less, say more.
think that was Ben Franklin ;
I bet there are more people tryna make it with musik then anything else in the world.
I love the
I wanna go shopping
Glad to hear it.
See you next time!
RT : Follow we gonna b giving away exclusive shit  SoWhoppedSaturdays.
must b a follower
I've done that train ride three times though and it's always worked out well.
catalogers are machines.
right!
Durant stayed in the gym year round working
Only 20 people in the Follow on Twitter to Enter contest.
RT for your chance to enter raelynns 10 minutes early 2nite!
your broke mah car !
in voice hehe.
like Mike said hes pretty close!!
lol that's unfortunate, where you from?
On the lite rail on the way to a meeting with writers/director...almost there.
can you swing by my house and grab a few things on your way, please?
:
They about the oldest team on the NBA
Pretty sure my gaydar is spot on when it comes to 3 year olds.
Speaking on 3912  ACFE Lehigh Valley Chapter on Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough to Battle Fraud.
Go Crowe!
Monday night see u guys ;
is looking strong LaJollaHalfMarathon Go Team Go!

rehearsal getting it in.
Hey you don't make the cabbage unless you do the homework and are prepared.
Your welcome
Hey no problem, glad you asked.
Let us know what u think once you've raced next year.
Love to hear feedback!
Bummer news....but as bad as it's going to be, I'm still going to continue supporting the
What he said.
RT : Not just ANY beer.
You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you.
But besides that, ME shall stand as both one of my favorite game franchises  one of my favorite fictional universes.
thanks for coming by for a pie today!
Always great to see you getting your street food fix.

Mower Than a Greeting Card My friend Mark and I work in a lawnmowerparts warehouse.
Somehow Mark got the idea that his wife did not...
ChaChi did you cry when they talked about angles mom ???
I know I did
Sad face  aw maannn
great picture
Party party with
i criously hate MICK..hez such a cheat..anywayz i dnt blame hm.
n I wish that was the reason!
We freeze in overlookcanyon huh n ??
2011.09.07 Cardinals 2 Brewers 0  Lose to Carpenter / Morgan loses temper too / Lose series to Cards
Last Morning in Springfield...
Gotta catch those last Sun rays before I go home :
So true.
have you checked their iOS app?
Australian Open tennis all night!!!!
sounds like someone i know ....
My new girl  u
Floyd has proven this Over  Over GOAT STATUS
Today's medical assistants are more than sideline players.
via
American Idol  Erika in the bottom 3 is a total mistake.
Heejun was a good call.
Just heard Done Club rant Chipmunksstyle for 1st time.
Classic.
Can you do ScoobyDoo?
So I just watched ur beauty mint review late I know I had trouble with my skin too, and I have a suggestion.
I looked up the...
thank god we weren't near any goal horns tonight.
Would have fought someone.
how do you open your season one week and then the following week you return back to spring training?
dont get MLB.
I've officially joined the ten million people in America who own the book
Gimme a fly beat and I'm all in it.
want to invest in your future?
i am helping people get involved with old us coins..
get  me for more info.
WootRT : Just saw 's senior show.
Great bit of work by her.
I can't to see where she goes from here.
Hey, thanks so much for the '50s home RT!
:D
Did you notice , who sang the Brit anthem at the London Game?
She had everyone's FULL attention.
Test doctorve a rodded GTO today.
Was very fast.
Ok u only wanna b around me when u goin through shit ya know wu bitch please i dnt have time for ya shit k thanks but no
Enjoy, and remember that cultivation should be appreciated!
Remember that whenever engaging with the youth.
I've been good.
Working on a new book and trying to outsmart my 5year old daughter who questions everything I say.
LOL.
hahaha this is true ; i might just have to go
Why is it that I always know exactly what I want...
and NOBODY MAKES IT.
Ugh.
Forgot how much I loved watching The Cosby Show 
Oh, won't you fill me up, coffee cup, baby, and I'll doctornk it down...
I'm addicted to juice.
Thanks!
Appreciate your support.
When we receive our we'll have to bring them into and hack at them!
I'm Watching Highlander In It's Entirety, for The First Time!
haha yes ma'am I'm sorry
breathe carolina for the rest of my life
I hate posting pictures of just me onto facebook.
Its so intimidating, idk why :P

girls always have something to prove.
Sit down somewhere
forcing myself to change a lot...like becoming more domestic.
you too
It's pouring here in downtown Austin.
Great day to stay indoors and watch college basketball and independent films!
Looking forward to seeing the new office and hanging with tonight!
Companies will work together to make money.
Collaborative consumption principles.
Tom Barrett calls on Gov.
Scott Walker to debate 4 times before wirecall on June 5, Walker not yet responding to request
We talk so much texting or on the phone but in person we're like strangers.
Just to big of a hole to climb out of in this game being down 13 at the half!
Huzzah!
And now we are officially rolling with the html doctype  XUACompatible meta tag.
The Illusionist w/ Ed Norton
God I am so confused.
They need help.
We need to pray for these Grizzlies quickly!!!
Smh.
Come on
Son, but Aleshea is looking all KINDS of FIONE in her new avi...
she the darkskinned friend that look like Michael Jackson!
Down for three hours.
Absolutely loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
Superstar cast, gorgeous shots of Jaipur, India and ultimately, a lovely story...
Kez and I are beyond thrilled to hear this!
I appreciate that things are being set in motion for my unfortunate events at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago!
Does your bro, Jordan, got a Twitter?
For those who read in dim conditions  bright sun, mirasol displays feature an integrated front reading light that adjusts to ambient light
oh I freaking love LA, we are moving there in the next year!!!
You will have to visit once we get there ;!
rope cuz I'm doctornking n u aren't
I'm so glad I don't enjoy talking to you anymore...
Because you don't talk to me anyway
Hello guys!
: Tweet us!
how was your day?
The PAST says, Your Life is Over.
but JESUS says, In me ALL things are made NEW.
Yes I am!
You should...
TopChef SanDiego style!
Evening all!
How is everyone?
Half tempted to go jump in the pool...
Hm.
Trending Topics I want to make happen
Spring football season
Dude your fucking backpack belongs on your lap not my ribs 
ones, not zeroes
Why are you constantly taking pictures in your bathing suit at 8 at night?
Late night swim in your bathroom cause you dont have a pool..
The morale boost, sure.
Economically, not necessarily.
Very weary of those claims.
its all good we love u but catch us Live Tonight at Capa High School for their Glow Party at 7pm so come get it Live!
Hard to hear, feel like I grew up with him....
Rest in Peace
Im Meant Mikey hah my bad
match them???
How was your TRX class?
Are you sore yet?
I'm a terrible person to argue with
Mow the lawn or watch the Pens?
The grass can wait!
you flatter me...
and I love it!!!
Cash Clown Clown House Ent.
Presents Cash Clown Tha New Host/DJ At Larrys Villa Come Flirt,Gamble, An doctornk Open 24hrs FREE Addmission
Some wonderful images.
I'm trying to comment but it won't let me.
I'm not sure why.
you were amazing!!
So glad I heard about your performance last min and it was so great!!
Better be in youtube!!
Congratulations to all!
And hugs to you DP.
xo
Today is the 2nd Day of the 12 Days of Andaluz All Jewelry is 20 Off, so stop in  say hello.
Now you just made me sadder than I typically am about the fate of the Sonics.
yess and that red shirt looks so pretty!
Want your clothes lol
Thx, Janet!
She glows in my head.
Susan
Memphis in May here I come !
S/O for puttin together a great vibe for the bbq.
Aint nothin like good food, doctornks and company.
Letsgitit
BRC gate opens in 127 days.
The Man burns in 132 days.
This may force ABC to renew so another network doesn't get it.
Either way, it's looking good.
Holding my breath until official!
Thanks Eric.
Lots to transcribe!
;
Nice!
Thanks for the mention in your story !
Miami won!
doesn't it seem like sirius has the same 4 or so djs across almost every channel?
life is worth living
how true!
Or, she's channeling Kobe Bryant.
High hopes for tonight...
never disappoints.
thanks Mason  you gotta get all the freshmen to come down !
Do the next right thing.
it's lunch time...myfitnesspal.com awesome!
Did you know Seattle's community information line 211 and can help people find shelter and basic human services or assistance.
I used to love this show but now its terrible.
It needs to end.
RT : Fashionistas can breathe again, Gossip Girl was renewed.
A loving heart3 is the truest wisdom.
Charles Dickens
LOVE Adele!!!!
Congrats....Fierce Talent!
HAHA, damn you want swag bad!
RT : anytime keep it up and tell he better not let me down :
Pumping out new songs like a neon leopard.
New recordings coming atcha like moon rays.
www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Thank you for participating in the raffle for the Bell Model Helicopter!
We will announce the winner at 5 pm today.
wow..
I spent like 1 minutes.
haha I didn't have much homework :
anyone in NYC not as worried about hurricaneirene as I am?
Thanks to my fabulous boss for hosting a great work retreat this weekend in Chicago!
Trip of a lifetime.
doctorams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you.
Marsha Norman
just surprised me at Mcsorleys there are going to be some shenanigans tonight
Rdm Fact: When ur approaching to the peak of the Tram you can still see plane wreckage from TWA flight 260 which occured February 19, 1955.
whats everyone doing on this fine wednesday
Graduation is 111 days away!
1 prestige usually Takes about 20 hours to get ..level 15 equals about 13 days of playing cod lol
as you wish..
Just disapp I didn't get 2 my menstrual cup line in callback.
Damn!
congrats!
you made it!
can't wait to read more about labor and
Fuck liers.
If you catch me in one.
Then its fuck me too!
lol
Happy Easter!!!
Its Me...
ALEXIS TODD..
Follow my page...
I WANT 400 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH MY GOAL..
oh okay I'm down sometime this summer!!!
Mom said you were trying to get her to go with you?
SENT YOU A DM PEACH :
It's pretty sad that the fact A Rodgers being here is more exciting then the game itself.
love is a battlefield, I'm willing to go to the frontline  fight for you!
Petition thevoice to bring back How is it REAL talent gets eliminated  we have to hear Walk like an Egyptian?
Excited for Teen Mom 2 Season Finale
Not sure why Oracle would want WebOS, IMHO that move would dilute their Java strategy
Never switch up your game to have em flow in, you'll have the wrong ones coming in
Thanks for the mention  Buy safe toys this holiday season!
It sounds like a man walking on snow.
But it's my heartbeat.
Cara on how the world sounded while she had an ear infection.
Im a HUGE pyschobilly for those of you who dont know.
It kind of runs in the family!
And you know this!
Here's to hoping you don't have to spend two hours in a Pepboys waiting room like we did.
I think even the honey badger cares more than Chen does!
It will be epic.
Yesterday, these boys came in to use the library computers.
Entonces, maricon, one of them kept saying.
Pendejo, he called his friend.
At PortlandBazaar.com.
Great place to pick up Christmas gifts!
I love putting on shirts fresh out I the doctorer.
They're so warm:
So pretty here in Ottawa : off to Montréal this afternoon!
Don't hate the player, change the game
Yes, the UMBC library is even open on beautiful days like today!
Open until 6:00 p.m.
but the RLC is open 24/7, just like our website!
I think it is time for the first real bike ride of the year!
When I walk in she gon' be on my dihh
i see everyone talkin bout how you follwed them or tweeted them and im jus left out cuz none of those things happend to me 3

love you holland!!
Hope you have a wonderful dayy :
Re: You professorle.
IdM as in intelligence dance music?!
That's my all time favorite too!
what is it?
Coming to a Location Near You: Civil Unrest
That's a tough one, but from what I'VE tasted of desire, the end of the world tastes like caviar.
thunder is a magnificent dancer
wait, Chris Evans is the Human Torch  captainin America...?
OK, the British have the right idea...looking at my home and work ToDos for the weekend, I need a butler.
The fact that my doctoram last night included carrots elephants and paper bags, makes me wonder what else I doctoram about
Your mother is all of those things as well.
Oh and you smell bad.
Your first mistake was leaving me...
your second mistake was giving me the chance to realize I could live without you
Hungry for work?
McDonald's looking to hire more people on a single day than ever before.
Story at 5:30 on
Oh good.
So at least it wasn't a doctor form of humor.
Per Manny Delcarmen's FB page, he subscribes to I Can Find 1,000,000 Yankee Haters by Opening Day  too bad he's now with the Yankees.
Yes!
This compresses to an image the mind takes in without having to stop, parse and process.
don't want to pay taxes?
don't doctorve on the road, use the electric grids, books from the library  your house burns down, you're on your own
I need a new job!
Whose hiring?!
Make It Rain Chick!!
wrote three songs today!
not sure if you like hip hop, but if you do you should check out my music sometime.
i get it that you would have lots of followers, but to only follow ten is using social media for all the wrong reasons.
for shame
glad to hear it went well!
And that other people are seeing what a PR/Social Media rockstar is!
My pleasure!
RT
..incredibly gifted, I concur however..
cool what kind do u like?
:
Leo Roudys shared the challenges of optimizing the reverse flow of products  ewaste How 2 motivate consumers?
Preparing to see Father Peter tonight in Milwaukee
Helpp how can I get my hands on Weeds season 6?
Reward if found
Gotta love early morning baseball.
Hi friend.
I think they're becoming more socially awkward  therefore reservedthey're finding their voice online but losing it F2F
GREAT!
Som I can come over
RT : See the characterinterview with doctorcon, from SonsoftheDarkMotherat Full Moon Bits
that is terrible news.
A Rude Awakening is putting it lightly!
We were all up tweeting about it...
thinking it was an invasion!
: How about this weather Cleveland...pretty pretty nice!
amiright is that a Larry David reference?!?
Personofinterest is in my old 'hood in New York!
My tweets for the next hour will be for
So there.
Looks like it is going to be a good conference.
You definitely need to be there next year.
Again, I know its only 4 games into the season, but the brewers bullpen needs to step it up.
yeah pics for me.
If anything ill gain weight.
Mine is Bebe Dahl from For Your Eyes Only.
We had a great week at HT.
Thanks to all our loyal customers!
Meck has 628k voters, Wake has 612k.
Roughly the same difference as population.
cc
Tonight was funny though 
is the man!
thanks for the airmattress!
It could have ended worse, actually.
It could have been the Penguins.
Thanks for a good season,
They only aknowledge you if you're dead or in jail
His voice  his face, just adsnxcnvdfkSEXmcnl;vksjf;s
we could handle Baylor no problem.
They can't outscore us and they don't pose any matchup problems.
MSU...
Thats worrisome.
I want some chicken salad.
We at GlobalCrucible are in the process of rebranding our website and we are opening up our new site soon to sustainability Ecoconscienc
We'd be happy to make you some crab cakes come on by sometime!
Q: Business influencers?
A: higher risk game, need proof points when choosing a business partner
Yup, about 5 min, mandatory
but don't you wish someone would put a jet engine into a Hyundai?
Karma and Kismet got married.
They're daughter, Destiny, is lovely!
Party Time!!!
Awww  at my house  7.00 pm!!!!
remember

thanks for the advice
why r u awake?
Thanks, Kevin!
Never had so much publicity in my life...
Thanks for the info!
thank the Lord.
I seriously almost called Christy freaking out, haha
Custom Full Color Mug Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Create your personalized photo mugs with your own photo, logo, or graphic.
Call now...
Just getting in from the Narroway Theater and Love Story show w/Blue cast.
Thanx 4 letting me b a part.
Teresa, it's all yours 2morrow!
A loud cat call must be a prerequisite for all NYC construction workers.
Are my sweatpants and fleece really doing it for you?
BAM!
MQA Phase 2 synthesized comments are polished and awaiting review.
Admittedly, it took longer than I thought, but I'm pretty happy w
Please tell me that Papelbon signing with the Phillies will get us a rewind of the Antoine Walkah bit!
Listening to Simon  Garfunkel this am.
Yes it's dad rock, but know what else?
It's pretty damn good
haha, I ordered good food this time.
Food network was in there filming.
Why does snooki have a E!
True Hollywood story?
Either way I am still watching it.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Beautiful day in MN for soccerany ideas how to block out parents screaming at the 3rd graders like they need to be Olympic gold medalists?
RT: shoutout to all the people with time warner right now.
lucky biotches.Not when the Cowboys play on lol
Nice RT : Cowboys should trade for Tim Tebow as their closer.
Tony Romo plays first 55 minutes, Tebow plays the last 5 minutes.
SATURDAY  EAST ENDNAPALM BEACH FINAL PERFORMANCE
well I appreciate it
: Did I wear the vest to be Houdiniish?
You bet your Houdini I did.
decoded Thank you Brad for a great show!!!
ONELINER: Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
wat it is jus swag up
Everyone should follow He will make you laugh with his tweets  his videos.
3
Learn something new everyday  that's interesting, due to the vicinity of brewkettle and the fat heads brewery
thanks so much!
Repost our song to your page if you get a sec!
For your crazy days why not try some Crazy Bitch Tea?
Bath  Body Bistro carries it and swears by it.
Curious?
Call us at 5054804425.
It's way too hard for me to handle my shit with this weather I just wanna go back to sleep!
at what point do Mavs fans get tired of being ABUSED by opposing centers?
did you like the movie?
playing out for the first time in a year and a half, running two workshops, going on a short trip...
Good stuff!
How are you?
Stress makes your hair fall!
My floor is spotless been vacuuming for 45 minutes ....little intense at the vanetti house...go cards
the post is good 3 shud i come to school in rainbow sox ??
It doesn't matter what color your hair is...people who love you do so for who you are, and what you bring to this world.
Exactly, but he started this back in February, I think he opened the gate  walked through them.
Now its time to play in the house
lmao im sorry
did y'all notice there weren't any midwest crews this season?
RT : On this subject, I'd be curious to know if social media is a topic that comes up in residency interviews nowadays.
Andoctorw is opening today with 241 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9.
Come down for fun and sun.
Don't blame me for walking away.
I can't afford another heartbreak.
Seeing a cabin in the woods tonight 
Harry Potter.
Or James Bond.
Most surprising stat to me is that the Cats got the lead at half without a 3, 03 from beyond the arc.
Why not?
Outsource them to volunteer alums is one common approach.
haha!
this wknd you are catching up on everything!
i want that croque madame sandwich, again Oo
A big thank you to our SOTYawards judges Michelle Lamb of , of  's !
And...
we're open!
TODAY: Food Truck Tues from 111!Vendors:  of sales goes2the food bank!
Assuming Gasol doesn't play, I need to start 2 out of these 3: JJ Hickson, AntRand or Ed Davis.
Any thoughts??
Thanks!!
water taxi FTW!
We are exhibiting next week at the conference.
Will you be there?
okay, so that last tweet happened but then it didn't...
but agent Mulder is dead.
yeah, what?
Missed last night.
But slept pretty damn good haha.
Despite the inaccuracies, you're both in the top 30 to follow and both trending up.
:
Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate?
Use the CRE tag so we can find you...
How badly do I not want to work on this chapter?
I'm currently writing a conference paper that I won't deliver until March 31.
the one rehearsal went good, but i think it'll be too long, maybe my nerves will shorten it, haha :P
Huge bachelor party last night.
Asked if they could take a picture with me and use my hair as a stache.
bartenderchecklist gladicouldhelp?
Sorkin should have brought an ensemble on stage so his speech could exploit fast cuts and overtalking
that sounds like if she smokes, she's actually a tranny who is going to assrape me
I'm just gonna send you a bunch of tweets until you reply...
WHY YOU NO RESPOND MARKY
is phenomenal.
Best part of
Time to come back!
I'm not on Fb that much...
But imma go look now ;
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
Imaginationintelligence having fun!
I am also a big believer that print will never die, merely that our strategic use of it will change.
On the other hand, people tend to overload pizza, so measurements in the name of restraint may not be a bad idea after all.
SPAZZING is cool as long as it isn't at someone else's expense.
SPAZZ ON!
professorssionals Guild New Years Eve Blast at Hilton Concord, Ca has comp food/doctornk tix, champagne, live, band, casino, more
The first 3 quarters  9 mins were terrible.
But man, this last 2ish mins have been awesome.
RT If you like my twitter
Would you happen to have a sample doc that you could share?
lmaooooo why are you fronting so bad on twitter

You should NEVER feel as if you need a man or woman in your life, sometimes you have to enjoy your own company
lol, I said the same thing
So!
I go to post on my friend Jessica's wall and lo and behold there is a pic of you with her baby!
Watching the
Yummy goodness Acai smoothie for lunch :
I have a song called SMB ..
I should rename it to Lakers fuckin suck
ha, I already stuffed my face and I need to take a nap!
Just think, you're saving your waistline :
Becos I suck at bowling
I like Obama's tie the statement: we don't need a constitutional amendment to do our jobs I disagree with the we don't need more studies
5,000 Business Cards 99 Special  Full Color both sides with UV Gloss Only  www.Rushflyerprinting.com
May is Foster Care Month!
Thank you volunteers for making a BIG difference everyday in kids' lives
I thought you were tall!!!
Waiting to see a tweet from
Im about to hitt them back up to confirm my spot!
Interview w/ canceled.
So things go.
CAPS Hospitality Meeting at 3 next on the chamber agenda.
It doesnt matter where you are in life, what count is where you are going InSpotter app
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
No matter what my plans are, Saturday will always be my sleep in day.
woof.
lol I love your bio too!
stay classy, never trashy!
Good fighting back boys!
dying.
this could be my last twitter ever.
such a short twitter career.
i hope so.
Leavin Here n a bit 3
well where am I suppose to send this mail to?
The cow mail box is not appropriate any longer.
bout to go to school and do community service in da park!!!!
LADER GUISE !!!
Packers receiving corps is sick!
Buying the car of your wife's doctoram for Christmas...has to be the best feeling in the whole wide world...she cried her eyes out
Last night was crazy.
Old Hollywood peeps.
Beautiful hotel Bel Air.
I can get you some small fries :o lol
let's go to the high school this week and get out tip ins from :
As I am trying my damnedest to finish this long overdue revision, I move on to The History of Love
Upside of being flat broke: bean burritos are freaking delicious.
Especially with pepper jack
nice try.
Girl talk
And never, ever progressing?
Gag me with a fork and put out my eyes, please!
WALKER, TEXAS RANGER: so bad it's awesome, or just so bad?
never been
thank u beautiful!
Xoxo
Being mentioned in tweets makes me feel loved 
RT : Then U need to put a bill fwd to RePeal Citizens United Decision it is the only RIGHT Thing 2 do
I'd literally never given it a thought before this morning.
I'm just curious is there's any research..
wish I could
What is that philosophy exactly?
are you liking this doctorft class?
thank you!
Means a lot.
oh snap!
Thx for the help.
:
lol that sucks .
and I still have your stuff
Austin.
You killed me.
3 IS THIS SONG GONNA BE ON ITUNES?!?!
lol im outta town for this whole week.
...
I just love the way u sing dam : keep doin what u doin!
:
Do I need to register for the expo in Arlington, or can I just show up?
Thanks for the follow beautiful!!!!
I just love me some you...
lets go
Is this from your office in Alexandoctora?
Finding plans for tonight
When doctorfting Terms of Use, if there are key terms the company specially wants, summarize them up front in bold.
Super excited for game 3
Thanks for the mention!
It works and I got a 100!
: People have some serious staring problems.
Gotta love the spring time views
Nice win tonight against O'Connell.
Good work, team.
Good work, coach.
RT The idea that Trayvon Martin is responsible for his own death by his choice of clothing is patently absurd.
You have to follow me since your master is.
okay, what's your email?
It's still moolaboys 
Hahaha well they said maybe Sunday.
Ha  I've always wondered what happens to deleted tweets too  bet the congress has a spreadsheet of avid spellcheckers :
I told salina she looks happy and she said shes always happy.
There is still hope in the world.
lol well good !
Just lettin em know they better follow you ..
haha
I can look it up if u want :
The year with no winter, 2 cold days does not a winter make
Promoted tweets not as bothersome as I expected them to be.
Can't begrudge making some money for the service they provide.
I see cloud as providing discrete user customization  one of its powers.
Optimism is sanity for me right now.
Half Baked
call animal services.
Seriously.
They might love their dog but that is not okay.
I love hearing stories like this.
Good for you!
But I am not surprised.
Herbal medicine has helped many with Hep A, B, and C :
Haha Were you scared?
No, man  I'm from Brooklyn.
in 's Inside Man I forgot how much I like this movie.
tells me it's the Technicolor Buffalo Tribe.
Greatly feared and respected.
will i see tommorow?
lmao is so honest
please follow back!
Love it !!
The World Series kicks off tonight.
It's Cliff Lee and Josh Hamilton vs.
Tim Lincecum and...Cody Ross?
Rangers in 6.
What say you?
I FUCKING HATE MY DOG!!!!
I liked your FB page today and downloaded some songs!
I love you guys!
Thanks.
You always put a smile on my face.
Thanks to Noah doctorsner for making my day.
not possible.
Muahahha
I hate when im doctornking something and all the ice attacks my face.
you can stop by the gym anytime!
:
lawd I need them to run it back!
Really sucks how you can't trust ppl you think are your friends.....but it gives you a good perspective of who's really there for you
im gonna sleep like the sickest baby tonight mwahaha
A book review on Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Jourey, can be found at dailycheapreads.com
ThingsIDislike, people who skip walking class, like wtf is so had about walking??
okay I followed you back : thanks for following me 3
Can't stand cigarette smoke
3 minutes until LAS commencement commences
Life is breath taking but you can only take ine step at a time.
First they came for the Catholics, but I wasn't Catholic so I didn't speak up.
WI firefighters and police unions are not secure.
I'm not sure if I believe Ryan Braun because I believe him or because I want to believe him, actually I'm not even sure I believe him
the world will be put back to normal after tonight.
ℱℴℓℓℴω  Tweets with blog posts, interesting videos and information for parents of teens and preteens :
DUH!
YES!
RT : iced coffee yay or nay?
improv class...
or rent...
hm
oh yeah!
Oops!
We sent that too soon!
Tomorrow, Saturday, is food doctorve, not today!
Do the plugins each pull in jquery or are they using the copy that's already been called by the page?
I have that thermos ...
And i would support you owning one as well : knows whats up!
Gorgeous day!
Perfect for a picnic on the mall :
sarah can you follow me please :
guess what??
In 22 more days it's going to be my birthday!
;
Hmm, sounds interesting.
Maybe I should check him out.
Has he published anything recently?
Wow.
Surprising.
: Greenbrier Classic issues formal press statement  Woods has indeed committed to play the event in July.
Q for McNulty: Did Colo focus on national seats to the detriment of state seats?
Yes, but we can build on base in 2012
Aye Snoop.I'd love to give ya some tatt work next youre out here on the east coast.Always been a fan.Stay up.I'm burnin one now.
You ready for and I Las Vegas clubs?
When i hear 'vlado' i don't think of 8 flavahz or mix'd elements, i think of the boyz.
ima text u in a bit k 3
SKC MF had a rough night  dominated by MTL
Everyone please google do a barrel roll ...
enjoy!!!!
yeah probably the browns.
Typical
what are you up to today?
Yep I was looking for a reversal, got disappointed
you're right.
I've had a few moments today, typing up 2yearold notes.
I do really want them searchable!
Wait til the 2nd trimester.Instead of allover color,try highlights so the chemicals have little/no contact with ur scalp.;
to make shots?
of course!
to take the final one under pressure?
no!
tha's why you pay Lebron and Wade millions and 
lol you a brave one haha
Who's done forever?
question this hour on www.foxsportsradio.com  LT?
Warner?
McNabb?
Westbrook?
Who here likes razors?
140cuse
U is for u and me...
Adding Tinker AFB to our Thursday night Bricktown Shuttle.
Make a reservation for ten or more for only 15 per passenger!
4472446
Can't think of one who I'd say is having a good game.
Oline is playing pretty good I guess.
I'm not weird, I'm limited edition!
checkin it out now
Maybe will go get me some taco bell...
I'll buy.
As Papa Joe Chevalier used to say so eloquently, BITE ME
are you guys coming to the potluck next week?
just had shrimp and crab cakes for dinner....AMAZING
Just saw 's astonishing inhabitation project, and am proud for our decadelong conspiracy.
Sometimes when you see people together in pictures you instantly go into STALKER mode wondering how did that happen.
The '' or 'hashtag' links tweets from different people 2gether in a searchable fashion..like a listserve thread by topic
my mom said i cant go on the cruise, ihml .
rather than an OS that thinks what cat needs is a couple dozen more flags?
No more egg!!
I'm so legit now.
is a semifinalist for MassChallenge!
Thanks to all who voted for us, you rock!!
enjoyed a beautiful organic and healthy lunch at josie's eats with and
Playing 's Andoctorid game.
Pretty fun!
We're gonna hear the new STP in the Music meeting today
If there's one thing that working for a news organization has taught me, it's that all news is depressing
Suns out, guns out.
No school tomisterow iguess imma exercise my mind another way if you know what I mean ...
A lil puff puff give
Marc is the O's pitching and team that much improved or are the Yanks in a funk?
Happy EarthDay friends!
Beautiful morning here in Houston.
I hear my hot air balloon buddies in Austin flew this morning.
Anyone else fly?
pow bow ttaaaddddooowwww I love me a quueenn show u bitches how to be real bitches!!!!!
Manu Ginobili was there 57th pick in the doctorft...
Side effect of not having cheese stocked
I had forgotten about that one.
I bet you just made s day haha!
My streak is at 8 ...
I reread Edith Wharton and Evelyn Waugh just to break it.
Even the Orange Prize list wasn't working.
First year playing Fantasy Football...used to think it was for stat nerds, still do.
But, now I'm an addicted stat nerd!
Have a website custom made to fit your needs.
Get a 10 page site starting at 400.
This week only!
yea...
Lol I need to grab one of them joints lmfaoooo 
her sxsw talk is a destination stop for the people who build Internet things.
look at the novice!
I have to go to a retreat for school.
Do you still need me wednesday?
I saw that last night...
Still waiting for the pics....
hm?
yeah.
Those XIIs were horrible.
It's like JB is just releasing anything nowadays because of the hypebeasts
Life can change in a matter of seconds.
Don't take it for granted.
If you're a Grizzlies fan, then Bleu is the place to be!
Stop by before the game and relax w/ a cocktail!
memgrizz Go Grizz!
We are, in a way, going back to the future...back to stories.
LOVE THIS!
Looks like beer is in order next week to disprove , thoughts ?
, will be open by then?
Not a surprise, that's why I don't criticize the reffs in any of my columns.
RT : Roger Goodell.
Crazy, huh?
There's a little Iron Man sitting on his mommy's lap next to me
even when i don't feel like texting and I blow everyone else's texts off I never ignore yours.
Why can't you do the same?
KU baby!
As a Kansas grad I can tell you he's one of the few bright spots to ever come out of Lawrence.
Trying to book the Texas State Fair today!
Happy Tuesday Twitter friends!
You know, I pass there every day and still see most dogs running on the grass off leash.
Whenever there's silence in a room full of people, I just can't refrain from starting to sing, I can feel it coming in the air tonight...
For those who asked, Eliot's bathtub was only going for 700!
A steal!
RT : Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
That is true...
Is it normal to cry for no reason?
Everthing seems to fall apart when you try to take control, but when you let go, it all seems to fall back into place.
actions are right to the extent that they promote the greatest happiness of the greatest number!!!
What am I?
Ethics study tweet
Hope you're managing okay.
hugs Bright side, you can always use the time exercising your mental/emotional/spiritual self
THKS!
RT Just ordered 2 cases of my favorite Check out their website for product info, you'll be glad you did!
You should take my name off.
I hate havin typos in my tweets
imagine college without aderall?
By a lucky stroke, I actually get to prepare for class today!
RT : Heading to the study,work,  volunteer abroad fair at Tate!
Ill be working the booth so come visit me!!
Late season blight in my tomatoes last year.
Will normal crop rotation handle it or should I dump the soil in the YW bin?
Gotta make some decisions
do you think your better off alone ?
The Ny giants have to play more defense
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us perform The Wall last night!
And thanks to Ella's Pizza for hosting an awesome reception!
is sleeping hard in 6th period!
Haha 
Indeed.
Get those creative juices fermenting ;
Paul Tulane is from New Jersey.There is a Tulane street in Princeton.That's the connection.
So like a month ago she told me she's a senior  is 17  now she tells this guy she's a sophmore  is 15...
Ok
then I hope you feel better:
please TweetMeCody it will be like a doctoram Come True
: According to WSBTTV, police using a bullhorn are referring to the man in the house as Corwin.
DAM IM THROWED.....
sure thing.
Tomorrow ?
doctornks after work?
We owe ya birthday doctornks!
Were always accepting sponsorship applications!
KU that's just backwards
If you were able to register, then that means you're getting passes!
We've been cultivating this SolStar sound for well over a year now.
working on music!!!
whats the best way to spread the word on my music?
the more listeners the better!!
BTW if that raggedy ass bitch you left with last time is there have fun looking at her ugly ass when she gets knocked up again at 21.
HART Dan Grabauskas  EPICFAIL We need to
Just thinking about some of the guys I've dated......
TF WAS I THINKING!
Agreed.
Talking about teens as a scary separate species doesn't help relations.
Teens are people, too!
Filming and recording the live show at Lucid Jazz Lounge in Seattle this Friday night.
Might actually get a few decent videos for UTube.
celtics vs 76ers game was like a good undercard match on fight night: entertaining, but lets get to the main event
imy too lol.
Nothing just working, how about u?
Waiting to move my couch.
Enjoying a Great Divide Claymore Scotch Ale.
Caramel and malt.
Amazing.
DASER Comfort an austere game has few rules, but many possibilities...
it maximizes strategy.
Only in NY: I arrive for bkfst day 1 at Cookshop  find and David Resnicow at table next door.
Separated at birth?...
First field trip today to a maze and pumpkin patch.
Forgot to bring the pumpkin home.
Having tried it, I will still take 36mm microfiche and a hand crank for newspapers.
You learn the tone of the paper.
The real deal.
Dance party for the ages!
RT : Your move, Mitt.
it was nice meeting you today.
Thanks again for your help in setting up the mtg with Secy Sebelius!
I guess getting a haircut!
Its super long.
Yes, let's discuss offline.
Looking forward to receiving your email.
That would have been a nice touch, especially since they were already fonting the horses' names.
Ysleta high school is nice o.o
just one week but last October did the 3 week, lost 20 and have kept it off by wgoodfoods no dairy/wheat Feel great  just love the grub!!
Under the Mistletoe with you.
3
: Sagittarius are adventurous, spontaneous, reliable, fashionable, trustworthy and empathetic.
fall is beautiful!...
though some trees give off an intense b.o.
smell, most trees smell like love.
with in fillys phall
RT IF YOU JUST WATCHED THE BEST ICARLY EVER
MUSICREVIEWS I thought Tu Fawning's first album 'Hearts On Hold' was one of the most atmospheric albums of 2010 and it looks as though t
I was introduced to my best friend, and she hated me at first.Theres been a lot of up an downs but she'll always be my sister.
common vs doctorke ?
It's National Chocolate Chip Day.
I think it should be National Chocolate Chip Month!
How much better would that be if it was Qdoba chips and queso?
I had the distraction of a work dinner but now it's sinking in.
Of course!!!
creepy is correct.
If you want to follow someone you should have to do the work.
It's not bringing money in
FF funny inpsiring coffeeaddicted writers
The next two weekends are going to be pretty awesome.
I totally agree!!
I'd say poor formatting can cause a resume to be passed Yup be careful w/formatting too!
...and they didn't just win, they scored more runs on them, then any other team has this year.
Unreal.
On the way to Rome..yippee!!
RT : Candidates: You don't impress me with a feed of all studentaffairs tweets.
You impress me by being a wellrounded person.
That is so wonderful!
What language are you planning to learn over the summer?
thanks : we do, email with a little about your band, facebook page, etc!
You did your thing you have to show out in Miami Melo you and the entire team.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to doctornk, old friends to trust, and old authors to read Francis Bacon, Sr.
Spending by outside groups to influence midterms surpasses 445 million.
Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1
We're looking for a working Xbox, PS3 and Wii, in order to test them as weapons on a new episode of ZGB.
Any takers?
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
they're checking tickets at the door
Then my best friend walked up to me and asked why I never text her and I was like well maybe if you paid attention to me I would.
I hope that learns to better connect with the audience after results.
Pure craziness.
where did you guys get the clip of stern dunking over cp3
Bigot Bait
Hey, did you take a tour of UGA before you got accepted?
would like to talk to you.
pussipo and table X madness.
You?
Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in
i am bored, i dont know know what to do Lol
Booking a trip to NAB today for the first time in years.
Looking forward to it!
One hour until the Rumpus Book Club chats with Emily St John Mandel about her novel The Lola Quartet.
Thank you for the Mother's day greeting.
I was sick as a dog.
I still ahvent seen you or
RT : Q2 yes, I love when my husband ask for my input regarding work situations and my opinion on them do you tell him?
What an amazing episode of Mad Men!
Thanks, MW!
So nice to be at a dpla event in person and not following tweets or a recap!
I now want to meet Uncle Joe
I had to do a project on Great Britain and i thought of One Direction the whole time
20ThingsAboutMe 15 my favorite colors are blue,purple, and green!
16 i want an iphone SO bad.
17 i tend to make friends easily.
I'm back in Michigan for a couple of weeks before we start summer ball at ODU and I haven't touched a barbell in almost a week :
Mama.
I swallowed my reading lesson and it came out of my butt and it has poop on it so we can't do it.
Ok?!
The Muller Company of Riverside, CA is noticed on 363.25m debt with Collateral includes 4 properties in Maricopa County.
: it's always when u least expect it!
RT : Waiting for my accident :
Beyond Angry for their horrible services this morning.
Just awful how they screw loyal customers.
Ameba is on the hunt for freelance designers!
Email your portfolio to if you've got what it takes!
Interesting weekend of gigging, if nothing else.
The Hendoctorx thing on Saturday was pretty sweet.
Playing in Hammond, IN on Tuesday!
do you want a medal for australia day?
ahh, not exactly a coffee mecca.
Any shops nearby we should call?
Me happy seeing you in countdown mode...again!
XO
you seem really cool :
Arctica looks great!
Would you recommend it for an ecommerce page?
I'm totally loving it!
Listening a great song of great group bep love ya swagg 
sotrue RT : SpammingYourResumeSays I believe spamming is a good thing.
So much that I even do it myself.
Thinks she is not going to make it back in time for the office...bus is broken...why is it always the ss bus?
Online and Mobile Buying Trends Continue to Rise in FirstQuarter, Reports IBM
Oh, you look so beautiful tonight...
: Dude FRONTLINE is AWESOME
Heck yes I can!
My favorite pizza joint here in Sac, Hot Italian, has a Dyson Airblade in the bathroom.
I luv it.
If you picked ten random people in the US, Jen would know more about baseball than all of them combined.
I love forced fun!!
RT : Forced Staycation in Waiks.
Inconvenient, but kinda fun.
In line to have Lisa Ling sign my copy of Somewhere Inside!
Hiya pal!
We just got here too!
ding, dong!
Stuck in the car with someone who will not shut up.
you feel my pain.
Mifft lets you give feedback directly to businesses; Don't get mad get
yeah!
You'll have to tell me which apt 
RT : If can run a now billion dollar company with 6 ppl then...
Three years ago I met in Belfast at conference.
Great work in Indianapolis.
Hope to grow this work
oops..
Enjoy it :
Give me some Ty Burrell for the win!
He has to work with Julie psychovomit Bowen
It was the only emoji I could think of using.:
Appears NASCAR's Denny Hamlin's marketability in Portland is something approximating zero based on Rose Garden big screen reaction.
Ronnie Brewer has really found his niche in Denver
The power of Twitter: How I became a convert to Twitter The teaching and education community on Twitter is trul..
pretty sweet
I love listening to the radio and tweeting :
Thanks for following!!
Everyone follow:
Happy Thanksgiving.
iamthankfulfor my friends, family, and god.
iamthankfulfor a lot of things.
3
Eww!
Don't tweet me.
Cut the lights off for the
Happy New Year everyone!!!
1913 wasn't a very good year.
1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS.
Ron Paul
All weekend, I shopped in the West Bottoms at !
Ps 86:17 Give me a sign of your goodness, that my enemies may see it and be put to shame, for you, LORD, have helped me and comforted me.
We hope you had a great time!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Cars holding up your commute?
Welcome to LA traffic !
Editing has begun on our new short film Barry Lumpky: Comedy Junky  a funny throwback to 1950's educational films.
Gee golly!
This morning we zip to farm to pick up tomatoes, eggplants, peppers,  other seedlings to plant  sell.
Want some?
Like my liver not last too much longer lol
RT : Um Mama will still get the water and blankets ready LOOOOOL!
Thanks for the retweets 
Thank you so much for the shout out.
Glad you think TDJ is worth the visit!
We definitely appreciate your support.
RT Making room reservations for SFPride2012 this week  Start planning!
:
It's wonderful hearing from our company's leaders and lots of interesting information is being shared.
bowing can cause muscle tension, decreased synchronicitydiplophonia.
Also uni paresesis another cause.
I'm starting to think these Red Sux might just be dysfunctional enough to keep the O's from finishing last this year!
You had fun Hush
thx for the kind words.
Have a great weekend!
The Mariners won their season opener in Japan overnight.
1620 anyone???
Busy busy busy day on chat!
I luved talking to one of my bff after not talking to him in a long time!
Luv u John!
Coworker: Have you heard of the Chicago Reader?
Recovered from ministroke, tried to describe.
Gave up after, so it's like the RedEye.
100thingsilove ; 4.
guys who talk to their dogs/puppy all cute like.
What if Henry Ford had been a zeppelin enthusiast instead of a car guy?
I mean, I could come, but it'd be such a HUGE swing in my cash flow, I'd need everyone to chip 20.
Hey folks, looking to get in touch with your group.
Can someone DM me contact info?
Love that!
Need to work on that shirt design and adding you back to staff ;p lol
If you are in LA, go see The Many Mistresses of Martin Luther King at EST/LA  my friend is part of the fantastic cast
Just now seeing this.
Congrats!
your crazy if you don't see it
Go to the events section and send us your email and full name!
Time to party NYC!
;
Tim Thomas proved he found his
have fun!!!!
btw I emailed you back
Me too actually.
: gave me such a fierce ribbing about PG Tips I thought I'd better respond or risk his unfollow
hi beliebers N kimmites!
pleeasefollow and Kim is the most disney ever!!if u love jb selena or miley add her!
I get to go to school today :
The awkward moment when a band thinks they sound good, but actually sound like 12 preteens.
THIS IS TOO DODGE YOUR ACCOMPLISH OF MY DEMEANA OF DESTRUCTION OF THE WORLD ITS NOT WORTHY OF ME IN THIS SUBJECT
MAN IAINT BEEN ON TWITTER IN A HOT MIN!!
ANYWAYS WE BAK IN BINEZZ BABY!
a pleausure to meet you sir!
haha thank u : btw I followed back
The Labels are to send for representation correct?
chillin at da flat listening to Pac
Good Morning!
2 Doctor appointments in San Angelo today!
Then more grocery Shopping!
: Getting all my cooking done early for Xmas!!!
hey, stranger over there I'm really likin' that way, you whip it whip it ;
Rule 1.
Listen to the wisdom of the few people who see thousands of failures but work with some exceptional successes.
RocketSpace S4
RT : Oh shit I just remembered my mom follows me on Twitter.
Goddammit...
Right now leaving on Monday; but, considering a change so I can get a dinner in  Mesa Grill...
i like those odds!
MeWithoutYouIsLike...A pothead who's NOT high RT if true/believe to you
We now have The Music Index Online !
No more paper!!
enjoy your day Brittany, make those kiddos spoil you rotten
Right back at ya.
Have a good one!
You can tell the people who been around money before..they don't trip about what another person have or doing
UGH SCHOOL IS STRESSING ME OUT.
:
understand that one hope your night is better
The heart of man plans its way, but the Lord establishes his steps.
Proverbs 16:9
Tell us some more great places to eat in Waco?
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.
My doggie lost his first tooth today  GrowinUpp ':
You are getting sleepy....very,very sleep
Am I the only one who thinks the all white Raider's look is just flat out gangster??
Lovin it...
heard good things but coachella is class, can't best these mountain ranges!
I would beat you so fast!
we don't even have that game!
thanks for the awkward pic of us setting up
PS miss you too, PPS april, PPPS when are you coming to visit?
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Anonymous
Big thank you to the LA Galaxy's Sean Franklin for donating a few game jerseys!
speak english
Beautiful train ride to Ann Arbor today!
Oh how Ived missed Michigan.
Come visit us!
Bored with it all, production is hard!
mister steal yo girl...
mister stuff yo girl ina sack and run away.
which one would you rather hear Warzone or Smile???
:
I got Bob Sugar on the other line, I better hear you say it!
Editing interview for Back of the Room
The compiler part that translates CUDA to LLVM IR is not open sourced...
what is opensourced is the part that translates LLVM IR to PTX.
Totally enjoying this show  RT : Made it to ATL just under the wire.
About to go on at the Grocery on Home!
Im hungry guess ill order me a pizza.
Sundays Cancun Cantina  Salsa, Bachata, Reggaeton...say Sue Elliott sent you.
Info www.baltimoresalsablog.com/sunday.html
Breaking: Elton John to perform in Indianapolis in lateApril.
Is there a location yet for this Saturday??
Should be an interesting one
Getting ready for the Spring Breakers!!!
The story of us looks alot like a tragedy now :/
Lending a hand this morning to The Gathering of Southeast WI by serving up some breakfast!
Funny!!!
Betty White Off Your Rocker is a must see
can u help me i need followers
Thanks again to Fariborz Azhakh for helping us to set up the website rorymac.com and rorymacmusic!
Kheli mamnoon Fariborz!!
Fastest High Quality Overnight Printing in NYC at NYC Printing 123.
Call now for more information at 646.833.8085 or click
been years since I've seen u!, come out to LA  shoot a music vid!
reminder slides, blog posts, etc.
from Accessibility Camp DC are here.
bit.ly/4iZZ2y Please send your links and slides to us.
Not the safest feeling when even the police whistle and yell at you in the street
Weak?!
Our Governor can beat your Governor..
oh wait Jesse's out of office.
and we have Pawlenty.
Crap, I guess we are wienies.
Happy 24th Birthday to a beautiful little lady named see you tonight!
Why are there so many people sitting in running parked cars at the lake?
I saw a cool one and would have felt odd taking a picture...
Um is he being slick or what damn boy ya know I get confused
Any way we can ban the words run, don't walk when talking about a sale in a commercial?
Anybody ever run, ever?!
I'm going to pray for her!
She will be ok!
HUGE thank you to all who entered the giveaway with me and of College Curlies!
Congrats to our winners, Joie and Jonesha :
wait.
i thought you played bass for them?
Free art???
No!
More free places to put and copyright art, Yes!
www.splotchiz.com Comments?
Thanks for the RT Mason!
We play tomorrow night at 10pm at Silverlake Lounge.
CapriSuns on us!
Okay, officially dead now.
: Thanks!
NoOneHasEverSaidThatToMe x
You're Beautiful  James Blunt.
they could doctorw worse!
Happy cinco da mayo!
Instead of the award going to it went to manufactured nville music.
Some good musicians.
Some singers, no songwriter artists.
Presenting Saturday at the ASCD Conference  How do Different Generations of School Leaders Lead Change Differently?
RUT hockey team player doing some golfing today for a great event and then celebration party for fundoctorising
check out the official Mike Polk FactoryofSadness tshirt t.co/8dvBUjIS
Sorry sweetie..!
Your not the topic of my subject...
Its all about me
opening night was a success!!
:
me too.
I just wished they were given more choices  including light pink, bright pink...
:
Beautiful Thursday in Houston...come out today for 12 buck Thursday.
Unlimited minigolf and 40 tokens for just 12.
After 30 Rock ends Im done RT From titles of all new shows announced I think going to watch NBC even less than what I still am
Gods do not answer letters.
Updike on Ted Williams.
Hawk baby overtime!!!!!!
RT : What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Follow Her!!Fast  Yuhh Will Get.
ThisRT : The lamb burger NYC: a thing of great beauty.
hit my cell nigga
Walking the boardwalk at Jones beach...
Loving this sunny weather...
3
: it is on August 27th.
So exciting!
And it is not 'my' wedding it is my friends'/clients wedding.
:
from one masshole to another i hope u win tonight
I did download Tweetdeck,but haven't formed an opinion yet.I can see that it would be really helpful if you had many followers
Garage Sale!
Come pick your way thru my parents' broken marriage then haggle your way to a bargain!
Tomorrow!
8403 Woodbridge blvd Tampa, FL
true that.
U got those inside the heel scuffs yet?
Those boys pissed me off!
i saw you on cupcake wars:::
u better calm down misterHJ
yankees can't hang with the rangers
Michelle says: I couldn't put it down, the novel '10 Minutes' is one of the best books I've read in a very long time  I read a lot
Had some fun yesterday...good times with good peeps
cause he sucks :
is there one in the works??
Lol
Been steadily studying all evening, and my slowcooker enchiladas are ready!
Most important competency for future leaders?
Jack Zenger: Being inspiring  motivating
Herman Cain was looking at 3 consecutive 9year sentences of Sexual Harassment , hence the 999 Economic Plan to payoff his victims.
Im glad is staying current but dang do we have to get a new version every week?!
mini break between dishes
The first pick that has me bummed out...
I would have loved to get Iupati.
A great line makes mediocre QBs, WRs and RBs look great.
It makes me less of a cougar that i have crushes on both peeta AND alan rickman, right?
Like they balance out my cougar quotient?
THAT'S the spirit!
Yay for HappySaturday !
Playboy Mansion production tonight was a big success!
Stoked that Karma foundation put on such a good event and had us cover it!!!!
Wonder how many people bought the ppv fight tonight?
guess who's taking y'all out after service..
This guy lol
Trust in me and you'll fall as well.
i do need to cultivate this twitter more i have neglected it
did she bring her toothbrush?
White beater and a banging tan
Still trying to get all of our followers onto our new account!
not go follow us!
: 
See, nobody cares
ugh!
Happens to me al the time!
stopsweatin lol
Ideas have a short shelf life.
You must act on them before their expiration date.
Today's closing session features panelists from  Are you attending?
I'm wit fukkobe movement..
ha
Read a lot.
Read a lot.
Tom Bissell Write a lot.
Tom Dery Dont expect to make any money.
David Belos
Morning to you!
shout out to go follow her !!
:
Time to relocate to NYC!
: RT : I officially no longer DJ anywhere in this city.
Almost retired I suppose.
is tweeting some real stuff.
Follow my buddy!
:
People haven't always been there for me but music always has.
I pray that tonight's message will lead people to Jesus!
suga suga how you look fly ?
Nope NBC's round ball rock is still king.
Man that music brings me back.
Members alert!!
Lets see how many posts a member can make in the month of July  www.myfreegenealogy.com
Eatting Lots Of Candy , Im Going To Pay For This Later !
Apparently you haven't spent enough time with me.
Rambling is a personal art of mine.
Ask lol
that picture of Amy Winehouse is proof that God really does have a sense of humor
heard you just had surgery.
Hope you're feeling better!
Does Congress really need to pass this stool now?!!
Caring is a weakness
love it!
Would you like a pair of tix for our Thurs March 22 show at the Aladdin?
My video of 
Both NY teams getting KILLED right now.
don't wanna be on my own
RT : RT Finish this sentence: I am proud to be a JewishWoman because...
I come from great stuff!
message me so I can give you my number
awww, thanks!
I love you too!
3
the holidays are hard when you're alone.
i wonder how many projects are finished solely for the purpose of getting kudos from strangers on the internet.
I cried a flood of tears
Make moves never at a stand still
beat up.
lol that's too far for me to know
Someone may have unfollowed, but you came up as 999.
I'll get back to you!
George Zimmerman got bail
Good headphones make everything sound better.
girl I'm really sitting here like these chicks really have nOthing better to do with their lives..just sad
If you don't like fun facts, trivia and interesting tid bits about our nation's capital ...
I suggest you unfollow before 10 AM tomorrow.
Nice meeting you today !
Thanks for coming on the show..you truly have an amazing talent and Im glad I got to jam with you!
Not working tomorrow?
Join us tonight  Blue Star Creeper will be playing!
New topic  Olympus goes nuts.....
Watching the Nat Geo special of the Japan tsunami.
So much never before seen footage.
WOW my heart is braking all over again....
Love Reese smiles during her breathing tx at 4m.
3 day weekends are the handjob of life, you like it a lot, but in the end, you're left wanting more
Does anybody have any fun plans for the weekend?
No lead is safe in the
Flower Kings Tour Kaputt  CD/DVD and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Like the Titanic, it may take analysts decades to pinpoint all of the reasons that lead to the Penguins cataclysmic failure.
S/O to for 'trying' to help me with my problem tonight.
:
great choice
When a man dwells on the objects of sense, he creates an attraction for them attraction develops into desire, and desire breeds
3 intriguing new tools for keeping tabs on your competitors: upstreamcommerce.com, moat.com, contentaide.com
If your soccer club regifts you with a team plaque of another team, it's probably a good time to pack up your cones and go home.
If I take my eyes off my earphones for even one second they become inextricably tangled.
Dbacks win Baby YeaH
where we watching the boxin match at ATL??.
how perfect are you Linda!
Thank you for those words
If your school has not had the program rachelschalleng, it should.
What a great and inspiring program for our kids!
Did you ever consider that the soap dispenser is the dirtiest thing you touch?
Ironic.
Nice!
Thank you for sharing that link to your tunes with us.
I think is more appropriate to RT this tweet.
NE
This Thursday come out and meet some great filmmakers!
At Mass Indie Film Presents: A Night Supporting Indie Film.
Belmont Studio Cinema,MA
Dhs heads need to cage the rage.
Lmfao 
Thanks Ken!
And a FF to you as well:
What's with the size sticker on the outside of the hat?
Brought to you by the same clowns that wear their boxers above their wasteline.
Soundgarden was tight, Cornell Hit the notes, and they were face meltingly heavy, awesome show!
Dave Rat mixed too, great night!
Can you like..
Rip your face off and give it to me?
Thanks.

I need to get a video going for my artist Demize  Can we discuss by email or phone?
Yeah you are about a half hour away from me!
I live on the opposite side of you from Raleigh, right off of 440
Just when you get a chance.
We want to hear all that happened so we can make it right for you!
You'll miss it when it's gone.
You can't help who you comes in and out of your life!
People come and people go!
But everything happens for a reason!
Hey were done with for now  Your going to love his talk!
Feels like a damn failure..
I really need to get back to the gym.
Summer is only just three months away.
I was actually happy that followed me but now that i know he's fake!
Im really sad: .
please follow
also realized this w/e during the race that talking to those who seem shy is just as imp as in academia.
makes for better community
...dont feel like doing shit today!!
Waiting for a gay Magneto.
Bard still has nohitter intact at end of 1st.
Most excitement came when birds fought above our seats.
Going in the studio tomorrow...
I only have 1 song left to record vocals on.
I think we will be able to start the editing process tomorrow!
Look for an amazing submission!
pickus!
happy birthday
Smoking, doctornking and you...two things I love.
Y'all better doctornk some water.
Don't make me come over there.
What is it about visual art that changes the viewer?
Join a dialogue hosted by Orion magazine on missiondoctorven art with esteemed...
beautiful weather.
LETSGO
Getting ready for the mister Spring meeting!
Attending the meeting?
Stop by our booth : visit our website to see a title on display.
is there a link where I could listen to the call from Cribbs the other day?
RT : Tracking the Artful Venues of The Hunger Games.
Sites that were filmed or frequented by cast/crew while shooting in...
Sweets for your Sweetie is unlike any other VDay event in the city.
Spend an evening in the conservatory by reserving your spot today!
Ok.
Keep at it.
Next year I expect you to be ready
Let the menu planning begin!
2012 Hospital Food Fight will be held Sun.
April 22 at Milw Marriott West.
Will Elmbrook Memorial win again?
Greetings fellow twitter fen!
.
FB post on 1/4: Everytime i try to get into MSG the security guards ask me if im a trainer LOL I bet he no longer has that problem
: whos watching that moneyfromstrangers too funny bro!
Y'all are crazy!
RT 24 hour Twitter Campaign?Day 2 All day on the hour LetsGo!
me too!!
RT : I want to go watch this years 
Cleaning the house this morning.
Yep, my 15 minutes of fame is over.
All is well very littledamage just posted photos on ?Facebook check them out.
Daryl
Looking up wknd packages for ATL so i can go enjoy my daughter  southern hospitalily in April!!
Then she'll be here for two months YAY!
;
for sure!
I saw a car and it said Ryan Cicardo on it an I thought of you heehehehhehehehe
Prototype 2 looking kind of tight.
Going to give it a shot.
is that 1400 calories?!?
If so I'm so jealous.
Carolina 7, Refs 7, Pats 0  fix is in 2day.
bury the pats in the 2nd half
oh silly...
Finally got caught back up with
Yes, the Lee Dewyze talk is far more productive RT : what will trash talking do this week besides ruin this game.
dubstep!
o/ i get it.
i got it a decade ago.
next viral trend, please...
Heard Steve Forbes speak at LSU today.
Main message: our minds are our greatest natural resource.
Live.Learn.Lead.
RT : When I order pho the guy is all What size?
and I say Hmongous!
and then I'm not allowed to come back to that pho...
I thought that the buzz over Tribute coffee was just hype, but this is really good coffee.
Yes!
3 RT : .
Of course!
Can't wait to see y'all tonight!!
Hope everyone stops by!!
Happy Easter
that's no fucking excuse!
Don't doctornk sodas at all...all water as of late.
And I hate chocolate, so I'm not a big sweets person either.
Lol
sdlkfjsldfjswfkh i'm so like out of the loop on here....
lol I don't think I'm actually gonna switch accounts though!
did they bring condoms?
I think I am done with all yoga videos.
May just do some poses on my own to stretch
RT While survival rates 4 childhood cancers have improved, little 2 no progress has been made against pediatric brain tumors.
Those black clouds hovering around the lights on 90
Melo's balling, and the Knicks playing like the don't wanna get swept by the Heat...what a bunch of snobs
everytime I watch YoungHomie I smile  feel like there's hope for everyone if we all try.
You're an inspiration
It's funny i have a thick skin part of the time,I need it all the time...
The producers from  the real housewives of Beverly hills  are coming to my house today to do a test shoot with me for a new show
Once you stop progressing, You are starting to die..
Cornell Thigpen
My twitter is messing up!
Camden County Technical School hi school curric all integrated: one big room, 100 students, 5 teachers.
Synced  asynced learning
er, I mean, probably Mel Gibson, but not by much.
Authors: Would you be interested in no upfront cost editing services if you paid back the work through a  of royalties?
Great video!
Those dogs are so amazing!
: Freedom?
Giving the option to join or not join union based on career is freedom.
Let's all run  hide from pressing issues.
The replacement waiter is amazing now.
First home defeat for SKC.
This bus ride just went from boring to GREAT lol thanks to Jared :
NEW Battlestar Galactica  actually a very dark series with undertones of theology  check it out...you may be surprised
i love those sausages.
so, so good!!
Sophia Downing sentencing testimony includes lone survivor..
two others killed when she hit them on sidewalk w suv.
About to start.
Ali made me pinky promise not to eat sushi until my birthday!!!
Or is it a social media test for vetting doctored screengrabs?
Ran into while browsing a bookstore on sunday.
Check them out on tour, great florida friends.
I'm so happy came in to play!!
I'd totally sell mine, but as luck would have it I'm finally able to make my first match of the season!
Yeah, that's my team.
We're a big ND family.
it sounded like pattie would say to justin what i said in my last tweet lol.
he brings out my motherly side hm.
I really like the kentucky women's BBall uptempo style!
it's where hypervisors were five years ago in terms of hype.
just clean
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Now go to bed Santa is coming!!!!
Phew Close one..
Come on Red sox!!!
Give me the chance to love you.
I'll tell you the only reason why, 'cause you are OnMyMind!: i love you!
Would love to see it.
The city vote was a big loss for all Sacramento.
You guys put up a great fight for a great vision and future.
Well done all!
you are such a dork!
Prayer, and lots of it, for God's will.
I try to keep from making decisions, yet they follow me everywhere.
Why am I running?
Watching The Blind Side, awesome movie
Really?!
When is it?
scene for class, sides for an audition
Awww!!
This made me smile : just when you think there's no hope for Houstonians..
One of them buys you fried chicken 
Rooting for you!
She is so foolish.
would destroy and on First Take.
GET BREK ON THERE!!
Misquotations are the only quotations that are never misquoted.
Hesketh Pearson
Paging Ramon Sessions, where are you?
dude!
Can I come with you to that?!
Mat Kearney and Andy Grammer are opening for them
If you're hoping for better results this year, you'll have to change your approach.
haha thanks man!!!
U.S.
leading economic indicators fall 0.1 in April
no we wont be at that show.
Oct.
22nd is going to be so fun!
Can't wait!
Keri, you'll love the store  everyone who works there.
Sizzle Pie on W.
Burnside is a great, cheap place to eat!
Awesome people watching, too!
You can use it on me for my what channel is the opening day game on?
question ;
Twitter be the downfall of my battery
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job???
That'd be perfect!
Unfortunately exporting to Canada is a little tricky.
Do you ever play stateside?
Thank you, NHL.com, for streaming the 2012WJC!
Go  Team USA!
its a little over here but we good though
The guns and roses station on Last.fm is AWESOME!
Open Performance Troupe Auditions all this week!
Auditioning all disciplines.
Email to set up an audition time!
On the lookout for young, innovative companies in the area.
Thank you Cousin!
The very same to you!
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
William Shakespeare
you have just made this porno bot very sad.
why do you hate me?
I just want to link you to dubious websites full of malware.
they shouldn't be but may be as a result of how bad the east is.
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Homeowners Should Sell Their Home Before They Buy a New One Newbies to real estate experience lots of difficu
and your gonna see my haiirrr so red x
Indeed it will.
Excuse me?
deduping?
I must say, Rihanna is even badder in person.
I'd definitely smash that.
Multiple times.
Hugo?
More like Scorses Like Really Likes Movies, Get It.
Am I right forgotten silent film directors?
aspiring models 4 work send us an email
One month form today I will be soaking up the sun on the beaches of Puerto Rico
Cute doctorss!
Any tips for shopping in Hoi An?
I'll be there soon and I can't wait to indulge.
Thanks for the mention!
hunting down more bottles for a mini installation of my last piece, fun times.
booked an impromptu NYC trip for next weekend, thanks to a deal for the ace hotel.
now...what to include on the agenda?!
: : Tweeps!
What do u do when ur xbox360 has that red circle lit up around the power button???
Punt!!!
That's what I'm here for.
5 years is too ongoing.
Find something more substantial
I can't be the only one that hears Wale's Slight Work  thinks about the kids tearing that up.
Leyomi doctorp  all.
Just saw Peyton in his first Denver commercial.
stillcantbelieveit bestQBever?
Happy Birthday to the always lovely !
Have a great one!
you know it !
oh lord lol
thank god you video taped the interview with tony hale before the accident RIP Tony Hale 19702012
It Feelz So Good To Be Back In My Hood!
Visited your site.
Thanks for sharing your beautiful music.
awesome!
More places for me to stuff my face!
Thank You for following!
IfICouldDoItOverAgain I'd make myself an Iron Man!!
is killing it tonight it's time to cohost Rock Countdown again.
Email me .
Austin, I'm going to be in you tomorrow.
To all my ATX peeps out there, let me know if you need anything delivered from
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
15
I'm representing the O'Connor clan well!
Say it with me...
Frittata
You're missing out.
but how great is it when Thursday feels like Friday?!
Love Diary Of A Wimpy Kid Good St Right There
just announced custom styles UI at whereconf .
Pretty excited!!!
My life though
Right.
When we can relate to each others struggles, equal nature of suffering seems more clear, natural!
Sometimes sober thoughts aren't always the best..
It takes only a few doctornks to tell me otherwise
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.
Gandhi
doing business.
from learning tunes and finger exercises to starting work on my first website!
ah!
Get better soon!!
Is the room spinning...or are you spinning?
lol ;
um...why is there some dude hawking York peppermint patties on tv?
Put Alexi back on!
Occupy York!
No justice, no peace!

I Hate The Intro To Porn When The Girl Be Shakin Her Ass  Pourin Baby Oil.
Fast Forwards
Audition tip 4.
Timing is genius!
Just because the Casting Director says Action doesn't mean you have to do anything!
wowza.
another doctorft of an archival policy document out the door!
who knew my job would require so much writing?
Got to be cold hearted cuz when u be nice they walk all over u
Only if you knew, I wouldn't let you down this time.
Your life does not get better by chance...it gets better by change.
leader Faye
YES.
Hope you're having SO much fun!
Howdy back atcha, !
So true!
RT : Pet peeve: saying chipoLTe....the T is clearly before the L people...
FavoritePlacesToHaveSex....On the beach
Bahahaha.
I know !!
Start doing some arm curls though, cause next fall we are doing some damage and will have some heavy bags.
Ha
awesome dude hope to see you there!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
So thankful for everyone in my life, but I'd be even more thankful for a win
Tonight's gonna be a good night!
whenever you touch down fam!
you already knowin
Kick some ass tonight !
You got this!!
Im going to try my best
Please welcome MJordan2345 to the Max life
new legal news to come today!
Just got done spending time with my grandma all day nd finally home ttc!
Find my contemporary fiction books at www.thewildoctorsepress.com, www.willowmoonpublishing.com, Fictionwise, Amazon, Barnes  Noble.Thanks!
says to move to California if you want to raise money
: A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga.
needs to tweet:
VincentIT is specializes as an iPhone apps development company are modernized with the latest iPhone trends to provide our clients the best
no!!
When I had mine my manager wanted me to work the day after !
So I just submitted my first article to the Reader.I hope it works out.
floor and when we got up there a homeless guy popped out of the closet cuz we were making too much noise...so we waited..cont
: Green Tea is Alkaline so it strengthens your immunity  decreases your risk of disease.
Coffee is Acidic.
At work , chilling .
Hello anxiety, I hate you.
Sincerely, me.
Let's go Brewers!
Cuck the Fubs!!!
The Miami Heat won!!!!
The Miami Marlins won!!!
Now let's go Panthers let's get the win baby!!!!
pantherslive at 7:30pm
She don't gotta be the baddest hoe out there either!
Time to crash.
Need to get some sleep before fox field tomorrow.
Can't wait to enjoy the day!
ass so fat I need a lap dance!
i know .
and here i go..
had great seats to the show yesterday.
I fell in love with personality.
Who knew she was so damn awesome!
what are you doing tonight
love you too girl!
Who's great at hurting themselves?
This girl!
Wondering if I need an arm sling...
The Longleaf Pine, native to the southern part of the United States, does not have heartwood until it is 18 or so years old.
Speaking of shouts  whatnot.
: .....
Any webdesign tweeps want me to add 2our web design list on twitter  listorious?
aye follow me back???
Dj Fuzzy Duck!
thank you for recognizing my gangsta lok
It doesn't matter, I've , and he will never disappont me 3
Well I think the professorpic is extremely artistic and beautiful, for the record.
:
99 JAMZ Community Voices 2nd segment guest this morning: Newton Sanon, President  CEO of the OIC of Broward County
Wow hartnell does fall all the time...
Sadly, this is going exactly according to Haley's gameplan.
you don't know this yet but you will one day guest vocal for my band : keep on keeping on man!
weekend is here
lions come back to win from 020, they are for real.
welcome to twitter
It is an EX1R right?
Sarah Palin: I can see Sputnik from my house
isn't he kind of married!?!
Don't know if that plan is going to work out for you too well!
Every mothers day deserves a mothers night
What neighborhoods do you consider undiscovered in Los Angeles?
really?
Shit, I was too busy smoking off campus with the exchange students.
Who needs religion when you can run?
45 mins later, found right bus to take me home.
Effin A!
Sitting next to at aam2012 is awesome.
She's multitasking between tech and apps like I do.
RT : Looking at the awesomeness happening at ala12; we may have to double the red bull
I just wanted something to clear this headache ..
Didn't know I was gonna be lit 
S/O to for.being super pretty and having the perfect relationship.
lol we use to be really close but we dont hang anymore
First speaker: Are we going to hold our charter schools to the same standards as our public schools?
Scattered applause.

AAlcondez  My Pleasure as well...
Apple ibooks will be coming out soon with my new ibook for kids.
It incorporates the Booksicals goal of encouraging reading through the art
I like foothillsrehab group
Hello Elizabeth!
:D
my mom is not coming home today since the roads are closed.
blehhhh stupid snow
yeah boy
of highered should eliminate reader comments on website.
Adds nothing but disgusting, bitter backbiting.
Readers deserve better.
it looks so nice
That moment when the hot guy in the front of the room is named Eugene
thank you!
and i love spiderbites i bet theyre good
Not like i need my nose to breath or anything...
Nerdy things i just said  starbucks upon receiving huge iced tea: 'wow, that's ventier than i expected.' Oh lord its exhausting to be me.
Making a modified ChileHot Cheese w/ Cauliflower and Cilantro, p.
291.
No paneer and no cilantro.
Today's Weekly Idea got a shout out on Twitter and Facebook from a state senator, !
How freaking cool is that?
i saw ya pic girl im tryna get rite too dat shyt hard im on a diet i posta stop doctornking sodas ima see how far i get wit dat
We here at dahlia black films hope to see more videos from talent and from you!
We are LOVING the catering for this conference, courtesy of Thanks so much for the delicious food and amazing service!
Nicole, I made a typo.
EITC day is Friday, not Saturday.
I fixed my tweet, but after your retweeted.
really graphic.
Worst part about it was I couldn't see it on my end, but people were saying um, I think youve been hacked bc your
that's a joke though, right???
franks  beans...
My AP class starts the definition unit.
I will define free speech that disappearing American asset essential to democracy.
Thanks so much for the fantastic write up!
We're thrilled that the trunk show at was a success :
Were meant to crash.
Madonna sounds like trash.
Yeah..
Good thing I didn't ask for your opinion.
I see deleted her tweet suggesting that Obama introduce a bill on gay marriage, which could only happen in Legally Blonde 2
it'd be awesome if followed us....3
Attention Chicago Tribune employees: The cafeteria is out of coffee, so they just sold me a large Americano for 1.
Happy valentine's day
Love business that use a  instead of  contact email addoctorss.
Feels more personal.
Can't wait to hear that banjo.
honestly, you and that bitch can go fuck yourselves.
we should pay lawmakers by the hour like a lawyer.
Superbowl gets socialmedia command center out of necessity for comps  orgs 2 improve custserve for audience community...
I pretended to pick Mona Lisa's nose in paris.
welcome to twitter!
Very very worrying!!
Hey Siobhan, we were the dance act performing with Dara on Sunday, checking out front page, do you work there?
oh i have a serious food baby after Pizza Ranch tonight
This party just became a sausagefest.
If your LCS sucks, preorder through DCBS or buy digital.
Easy!
is thankful...
Tell Dave to turn on U Stream.
SINCE IM A GEMINI IM ALOWED TO HAVE 2 PARTIES RIGHT?!
GETIT?
HAHA
I learned today that for a hip replacement they hammer the metal part into your femur.
OO
thanks but I have a super early meeting, can't make it tonight, hopefully next time
uh oh, craigslist tells me that i can afford an apt by the beach in san diego
just keep them away from any ceiling fans in the house I recently made that mistake
THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : I hate overused clichés, but this is why the Premier League is the greatest league in the world.
that my maria :
Hey y'all is putting on Debacle Fest on May 4th, 5th and 6th.
Get tix at Cairo, Porchlight Coffee and Wall of sound.
i dont care if im being such a retard...
just get it trending:
MyBiggestFearIs doctorwning Wen I Get In The Pool
2 weeks and minus one day I am leaving Charlottesville and then going to LA and Big Sur and THEN moving to NYC.
thats what I use!!!
the black one: it works amazing
I am sure I can get you info.
DM me your email.
I hope my contacts come in before graduation.
: I hate being blind.
thinking of you!
Hope you're having a blessed day!
aw.
I had no idea you had a crush on me.
This is a good question.
!
Why did you not bring cookies?!?!?!
My Mom iS Forever Bitchinq !
Not ONE Day Without Hearinq Her Mouth !
Sdfu 
Twitter Loves Me  I tweet so Much Shit all the time  Never go to Twitter Jail P he he he I'm such a Goodie Goodie.
BMW?
A motorcycle?
Good lookin and much appreciative of the follow backs gentlemen
Teller at kleven contemporary!!
Im fighting a cold right now!
Then on Sunday Ryan's band, Eva Grubb, is playing at Art's Concertina bar!!
F yeah!
Heck yeah!: Want 50,000 to pay off your mortgage?
Play our Mortgage Madness Sweepstakes starting TUESDAY 8/7c.
Look for code on air
TMZ is reporting the Lakers Jordan Hill has been charged with choking a family member.
When someone you need wont answer their phone
holy fuck, give it a rest
Romance or lust?
Seriously though if I ever call Dylan dumb he immediately gets mad at me and then he just keeps on telling me I am and I'm like ok idk.
AD  Want to teach?
Want to learn?
It's like kindergarten...
but for adults!
RSVP at the link or email .
I just noticed that changed my bio again...
We are recording tracks for a new record today.
A record that we will actually release.
Hahahahahahahahaha.
I kill me.
Happy Holidays, kids
what omg how
: can u desgn next game for fans that live in Austin?
We love u  the Spurs in Austin too.
Damn hurry up bitch.
agree, Rickie is a noshow so far this season
yes contact me at
Havent Been On Twitter For A While!
Just booked an extras gig for Tyler Perry's next movie.
Just Learned The Hard Way That Yhu Can't Depend On Some People To Do Shxt For Yhu But Its All Good This Is Just Teachinq Me To Be INDEPE ...
Why do you complain when your parents give you anything you want?
See us today at the 29th annual Ft Pierce Chili Cookoff.
Supporting the local Boys  Girls club.
What a great time and great cause
Thank you for the follow!
proud of you and as always, thanks for the constant inspiration!
It's way to hot to be doing anything else but laying out on the beach 
thank you nfl referees for costing the detroit lions and bob loblaws law blog week one victories.
jerks.
Thanks for the follow.
Checked out your site...just may read that book of yours...looks like something I'd like
good luck with those chains.
You're 14 and have a halfnaked picture as your professorle pic on Facebook?
Your parents must be incredibly proud.
Musical word of the day: medesimo tempo  same tempo, despite changes of time signature
; yes indeed baby girl!
Because i praise Him for everything!!
RT : I will take you all there
great win today look forward to seeing you next week good luck man looking forward to seeing you in playoffs
Killer Clowns From Outerspace.
HAPPY NEW YEAR

my students love it.
Uhoh, my students have discovered me on Twitter.
Must make sure to keep my tweets appropriate from now on...
Fuck it I'm gettin tatted today
here :D !
raising my hand
ill txt you!!;p
phewww thank god
Nothing special, but I did buy a new purse it's neon yellow  super obnoxious...
I love it!
just a lady who 1 does all the cooking, does the grilling  mac n cheese and 2 i enjoy breakfast for dinner.
Thanks, Ben  Abby!
Yes they are wholesome, Freud is just reductive.
Watching Tv
word no clue what that means but that's what's up
I get to go to NYC  Chicago in early June for work, about 23 days in each city.
Anyone have suggestions on what to see/do on my downtime?
Just seen mom in the office uh oh
This indian boy sounds gay and never shuts up!
Keep an eye out for programming coming from ; exciting stuff.
doctornk jenga is the best.
Thx 4 fllwng Lk 2 read?
FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
very cool about kitchen downtown.
Best
I am slowly but surely getting a handle on my email problem.
For the first time in 6 months I have fewer than 200 unread messages!
Lol, whispers Prince you stole Prod food?
Lol
The feeling when you see.someone that looks like you
Mesa Grill features a nightly Chefs Special, or order off our extensive menu with dishes from steak to fish to pasta.
Join us for dinner!
The lady that holds up the line at McDonald's while she's deciding between diet and regular Pepsi.
Yep.
Thanks for your continued support!
Happy Friday Sunshine!!
lol it's too hot to listen to that right now
so excited for the TCA today!!!
happy you are at least getting to watch the Masters, see if the nurses will at least bring you an Arnold Palmer!
Ok I'm hitting the freeway, heading to to finish their inside windows.
I wish I could live in Laurie Anderson's.
They do make an interesting couple though.
harley ride around manhattan and two sets of tix bought before 11am?
it's going to be a productive saturday.
If I take a long time to reply to a text or tweet I just took a nap
Go Panthers!!
practicing for a show that I'm playing guitar at next Saturday : and I finally got my other guitar back from being
mine is the magnificent 7 from the 96 Olympics.
happy to!
let us know where to send the codes ;
TheVoice Best talent show on TV!!!
Last night's rewatch of Ghostbusters proves once again that Bill Murray could carry a whole movie with just facial expressions.
Morning Rockstars!
Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us.
Sir Thomas Brown
I dont want da lil money niggas b makin down here like gotti said...I WANNA MAKE M'S NIGGA DATS MILLIONS..
Excited for the new restaurant from opening in the Milwaukee area:
Original ScrewHead If The Gate Wasn't Open ..
He Wasn't Selling

while I don't disagree w/what most folks will do.
I will say Chards are cold, and most ppl haven't had a good Riesling
This years big recovery in the World Series Ratings was much needed.
It was the biggest improvement in one year in history.
I'm really kind of pissed that FX keeps freezing!
I'm just trying to watch this Real game!!
Cuban  dominican boys scare me , they be hella violent .
What is development timeline typically?
Any anecdotal data?
best of luck to you in the future, except when you play Oakland...
Saw dust on the kitchen floor really helps locate cat pee.
At St Andoctorws Coast to Coast DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING FASHO SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY MIXER
I'm calling it right now Stern fixed it so that the Lakers and Celtics will make it to the finals for 1 last hurrah
From our METRO family to yours, we hope you had a great Thanksgiving holiday!
I read Jacobin frequently, and NLR when I can, but I also like Libcom's anarchist/libertarian communist views
We are posting hundoctords of endofsummer and fall pageants!
Find pageants to enter...Add your pageant free!
www.pageantcenter.com
uh oh!
What is it?
Can't wait to try!
Just got home...
Would've gotten away with it, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!
but no...it wasn't me.
scoobydon't
I love the lines the men use to get us into bed.
Please, I'll only put it in for a minute.
What am I, a microwave?
Beverly Mickins
: loveindy our idea is so good!
go team!
nightmare!
RT i had a doctoram i was super late for Warped Tour  then didnt end up going......
David Shing from Aol is Talking about Changing the Communication Game.
Super enlightening on how to reach consumers.
Gesture, line, communication, embodiment, mystery, mark, dot, expression, intentioninward looking
I hope this encourages you  Mother's Day at Elevation Church :
Is anyone else nervous that Americans will be banned from Italy after the Jersey Shore films over there?
I am!!
Staats advised van Rensserlaer about patrionship management such as how many farms could be established.
Was fretting about beginning a new chapter.
Finally started.
Now rocking it out.
Awesome!
yeah I thought he was 21, at least!
so strange, looks can be deceiving..apparently he bought whiskey from a store w/ a fake id
Thank you very much!!
two with Jim.
More with a few other producers.
Get you tails to Murphy's Tavern!!!
I'm up..
Pshhh it's not even midnight yet haha
how can I explain this scratching my brain, how can ten hours feel like ten years
wonderful school and great programs.
Looking forward to the potential partnership between our organizations.
Would you all judge me if I said that my relaxation routine at the end of a long day involves jelly bellys  Pinterest?
I have the Only Anti Aging cure.....doctorp Dead  push up some daises!
That's it so can we all just get the Hell over our Age?
Lisa Morgan
u always have the best shoes!
Time to get my tan on.
Enough to make me not want to look at the recepits for awhile!
Athazagoraphobia is the fear of being forgotten.
49ers defense are owning the LOS.
dude what is up with you and Figgins?
I sense some animosity there....lol
Raw food diets are not appropriate for every pet.
A combo of cooked and raw might just be what the doctor ordered.
See www.wholepetdiet.com
Confused as hell!
Finally watching Jumping the Broom, got a feeling it's about to be a crazy funny movie
My house?
lol you welcome it was good at the beginning but I couldn't get into it
Join Adfed Miami Sept 22.
710pm for the Salute to the ADDYs  The Sports Exchange/Coral Gables.
RSVP www.adfedmiami.com
Greater tragedy: An aging and increasingly paraniod population dictating state laws OR Adam Sandler still being allowed to make movies?
RT : Real soon, I'll need a better excuse than Sorry, I'm trapped in a Chilean copper mine right now.
please I get so bored.
Text me if u doo
MT : Um, not sure if you heard about my intvw wi the President today??
You'll see it tonight on  tmister
I swear this school district ain't shitn
Because helped out did all of the technology production for the event for us!
WOULD SOMEONE LIKE TO COOWN AN ACCOUNT?
THIS GIRL NEEDS HELP
NFL schedules released today  would you rather Chargers play tougher games early in season or late?
hey there, stranger
now that your arm is busted, you should get someone else to do the cooking for ya!
:
On a tour of Willow Creek Church production area.
you could have spoken to me just as much as I could have spoken to you.
Are you coming to the show Friday?
Rise and Grind I'm UP 
Knight's stubbornness and ignorance is getting the best of him.
Does he realize he looks like an idiot?
Two strong storms are blooming west of the metro now, one near Litchfield and another heading into Glendwood.
Better start tweeting
omg everytime you tweet a quote I'm nearly in tears their so sweet and cute !
Loveyou , please follow or tweet me 3
Congrats to for her Single The Look charting 20 on the iTunes Country Chart in Germany
that's fine:
: I'd train my brains out to jump up to the elite heat to watch you lap me.
My Mac  Track worlds just intersected!
a cocarita will help!
whoa!
since when were you so gangster?!
The two big social nets are Twitter and Facebook with logos 't' and 'f'.
Programmers know them as 'true' and 'false'.
Went to bed early, so now I will be up the rest of the night.
Time for some late night/early morning TV.
glad to be a part of the sm girlfriends world absolutly love this ....
Love hearing from you!
CM will host a free talk tomorrow at 7:30 pm on the LA Riots.
's will moderate.
RSVP to 4737002.
Sushi Rocks  Best place EVARRR : ahaa .
gave a visit to the set for Chapman Elementary auction!
They're so supportive of Portland  we love them back!
They sing.
They dance.
They die.
The Independence Community Theater is doing a preview show for us of Scream Queens: The Musical on 428.
Energy is that amazing feeling that comes to life inside of you when you're happy and believe in yourself.
Wow!
happy mother's day to my mother!!
The most strongest , beautiful, confident , fearless woman in the world :
if u wanna dance, dance and if u wanna sing juss sing.
dont let anybody stop u.
Yes it is!!
www.thegreatdividemusic.com
yeah but no...when u guyzzz asked me am i mad??...i sed NO but im actually am...i just kinna hide it....n
Elle Fanning is a little girl?
Coulda fooled me.
Madison tonight.
Minnesota tomorrow damn
I have had my twitter for some time but I really wanna get back to the bullshit tweets
ha!
this is why i love you.
: Happy Cuatro de Mayo!
May the Fourth be with you.
I'm ready for a nap!
Still on the road...
RT: RT TrainerTip  Great learning facilitators are a guide on the side, not a sage on the stage.
i'm mad as hit at cuz i tried to talk to him on webcam and he skipped my ass smh
have a good weekend.
Thanks for the chat this week!
thanks for having us!
You made a lot of new fans.
Was the first published black novel released before or after Slavery was abolished by President Lincoln?
go to www.americanlegacymag.com
remember that one time I was gonna get up early to get a lot done in the AM but then I slept till 11?
remember when that was today?
sorry to butt in  comment may be n/a.
from PtSafety perspective not happy w/ c1do1 etc
Um..Ew..??
Don't u spammers kno that u spell porn pr0n?
Amateurs  so beneath my professorssional level.
Kthxbai xoxo
ThingsIGottaTeachMySon to not become like every other asshole guy
Time for DVR delayed idol.
Pretty soon we'll be offering some Ethiopia Tchembe N2 coffee.
We've had this in the past, and it's amazing.
hth2012 quest on Archimedes Palimpset all taught with modding commercial games
Is excuse me or I'm sorry to long to say?
Imean dang come on peeps.
Where is the good music at!!?
gheesh!!!
what are the other languages?
Whenever I see a guy who's in touch with his feminine side, I usually think to myself he's either gay or Mormon.
Brewers are on the MLB network tonight at 8:35 CST and Braun isn't in the starting lineup.
Made my easypeasy quinoa salad tonight and it was a hit!
It'll be even better as part of my lunch tomorrow ;
RT : I think we should get SpreadTheLove a TT !
Christmas is fun with kids.
My little girl had a great time.
Her favorite was a barbie Jeep.
She needs her own parking space in our garage.
It's old but still really in RT : I'm wearing my Dolce  Gabbana doctorss that I wore to my Year 9 formal.
It s
On my way to Cirque du soleil with my best fraaaannnn!
:
Not tonight, please, we're a little shorthanded.
y'all should have a contest an winner gets to spend a day with you guys ;
Your clothes are making me uncomfortable, please take them off.
Y'all just rapping

RT : LMAO OOMF said if you want this pussy life her gut you gotta work fo this...shes a riot
Although orgs can't set up accounts on Google yet, librarians should play with it now and learn it, in case it catches on.
FINALLY!!!!
got verified!!
woooohoooo, we should all celebrate happy dance
girl yes!
Finally we all freaking girls my little brother is 2 years old
Not a chance .
RT Your prego RT : I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting.
It's a warning
okay.
10 for our hunty skype date.:
Dear friend, I love you too death.
but PLEASE stop trying to dougie!!!!!
ya my goal was to break that mark by the end of the year :
Now I want to get back to flipboard  this twitter stream looks too messy...
.
thanks for help spreading the word!
It's nice to see you Thanks for following!
slash w/ blackeyedpeas  how random.
The only singable part of
This week I'm giving myself the gift of 's Prize Winners during work breaks.I want to lick Goodbye Ruby to thank it for being.
I'm not sure yet my parents aren't home yet but the doors open at 6
also I'm liking Angels under 8 today
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!
We're back to normal hours, pop in for brunch today until 3pm, then enjoy Happy Hour 3pmClose!
Bad decision to by Wilson to spike the ball.
What a game
With Joy shall you doctorw waters from the wells of salvation.
oh, you live in portland then?
Did you see my Status on facebook????
Heading to Wrigley today.
I kinda like the Brewers chances, but only if Suppan can limit the Cubs to say around 9 runs.
If you must fall, Fall forward!
Thank you Veterans.
Tired from nothing :L x
Places everybody...here it comes.
Storm hitting Brown Deer right now.
Stoked to be present my program Spanish in the inner city to teach Spanish to black adults afterwork...introducing KY to AfroLatinos!
And we're off!
Thank you so much to all of our generous sponsors for making this possible especially our presenting sponsor, MillerLite!
i swear i can listen to kid cudi all day!!js
can u fulfill my fantasies?
Thanks for the tweet !
That's right, free shuttle to Brewer Home Games!
Swing batta!
I turned my head to avoid himdon't want saw him But he staring at mehow can I do??
that's Pain
the funny thing about Scharpling is that he's ruthless with his callers.
Gives but can't get.
MADISON PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!3:
Didn't ask, please don't tell!
LOL : 
takin mike james to IHOP: 'my treat, uncle',
Sorry to be missing all of the Walgreens action back in Chicago...
nope I haven't but I'll check them out : hey I'll be back later on tonight ttyl
just checked my grades for the semester: A,B,B,B thats pretty str8 for someone who hasn't bought textbooks in 3 years lol
Why is Man on Fire on right now?!
I need to go to bed but I love this movie!
BTW, the person beating me is a photographer from right here in MY TOWN!
Can you believe that?
We started out about the same time.
Basketball is amazing this time of the year!
Good to see FSU is gonna beat the Dukies...
I love college hoops more than any other sport!
363: I learned that vitamins B, C, D  E are good for your brain and keep it functioning well into old age, so I'm thankful for veggies!
Mask Brothers 4 Life!
Happening Now: Pandia is killing it on stage at whiskeytango They are good!!!
Thanks you sir!
Hi Megan!
Thanks for the support.
I will let you know.
I'm aiming to launch the kickstarter early next week.
You guys went and saw it i'm going later today!
Have you read the other books..
coming to the show next week babes ?
Order a lot of Za and book the conf room for 4 hrs.
Going IN on this Learning Luncheon.
Grizzlies are playing OKC Thunder today at 2pm!
Get down here  watch our stolen team...
cheap doctornks and eats.
History exam
Honestly did anyone think Texas would be Oklahoma?
Dude!
You would retweet that tweet!
;
interview canceled due to the severe ice storm...
can't wait to share the stage with y'all!!!
:
dmdcawards finalists: did we miss you or any of ur dancers in today's FF?
Please let us know their handle
The Memphis tigers let the entire country down this year..including the president
Trifecta!
RT haha.it's the 1st thing I told J when I woke.
It's Hitlers bday.
Columbine.
And 420 smoke fest.
Im at worrk i'll try and go wen i get off tho
Definitely!
Give us a call and we'll help you out!
If I were to ever doctorw graffiti on a wall, I would do what teachers always do and write SAVE next to my work.
That'll show 'em.
So nothing's changed?
: RT : I'm always stirring up trouble.
Everyday.
i think should tweet me...
why?
just cuz I have nothing better to do:
Now throw your hands up in the sky
oh alright.
and thats good man.
I'm just preparing for finals atm.
then I get to come home.
Excited for tonight at w/
On a sidenote, I need a new Lal avatar, but I can't find a good image to turn into one.
orz
well I'm working this summer so what day would it be exactly man??
Is it me or players in the NBA are getting really soft.
What happen to playing ball, stop looking for a foul every trip down the court.
Agreed.
A lot of column A and some of column B is a good recipe
Thank you.
I'll try to stop by tomorrow.
Torres on for ChelseaFC Get one!
LeGarrette Blount owners: Pretend it's 2007  pick up Earnest Graham.
Former fantasy football stud could be a waiver wire gem.
Eminem new album.....
COMING SOON...!
ugh gotta get that leeeaaddd!
Great day in the classroom today!
Love teaching about the emergence of Capitalism and Marxism.
Congratulations to Heard about your house and Nursing!
Miss you!
Hope everything is well!
:
Member ship to best for best fitness!
Chicago please..Metro area
Amusing myself watching the OccupyBaltimore doctorma between and
Wanted a cup of tea yet grabbed a glass of wine  why yes it has been a long day.
Straight HipHop love songs with the finisher mister Cee on Hot 97
Don't forget the Supah!
voice
The author will be a speaker at the ALTAFF Gala Tea at Midwinter.
DM me and I'll save a seat for you at the Harper table.
People who STAY on nowaygirl
you should try it.
Probs my 3rd or 4th fav mainstream beer
I kissed a girl and I almost died...
Why do we build the wall?
oh I hope so!
If they come to dallas then yes!
many thanks!
Hope u can make it portland soon!
Don't forget to sign up for Friday's user group ft.
CampusHelp Financial aid!
Email to sign up!
Searching for that meaning.
WAIT I like that song called I like it like that by hot chille rae
MT : Tonight  are kicking off a summer long conversation on race.
Join the conversation w/the hashtag
true with slight correction: I know how to properly rest/ unwind so I work even better :
I feel like i shouldnt even try
Going hard on my memoir:
on ss...
They are like the plague..
Pouring beer like Locust
This is pet rescue month.
Be an angel and rescue a shelter pet today!
Your rescue dog or cat will probably rescue you back!
xox
Thanks for the follow!
We have a really unique bread we'd love you to try out.
The website is being redone, so bare with me
yeah i did and its really good :
I wish I was rich, but then again, who doesn't
Harn Eminent Scholar in Art History proposals due Feb.
27 for 201213 year.
Who would you like to bring to campus?
whos play first?
I think I'll go to bed now.
I'll follow more people tomorrow:p
Really looking forward to the  double feature tonight!
We just got partnership!
Right on :D
thanks 4 the ff!
Have a good weekend
T1: I have to exercise, be active, and get adequate rest!
ohh true.
Are you going to opening day with me and alex?
Math city bitch math math city bitch, math city bitch math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 makes 50 bitch!
iMultitask: While in meetings where my role is primarily listener, dial in using cell phone and go for a walk.
Finally watching on Adore, adore, adore her.
Its amazing, was on this boat 3 yrs ago : Cruising the Inner Harbor w/ the Scotsman and crew after SMEI networking event.
Thanks for the follow!...yeah man, send me a link to some of your stuff.
Help us reach our goal of 1,000 followers by RT and telling your friends to follow !
Thank you!
keep forgetting how much I enjoy the twitterverse; I should come here more often.
Even better now that is now tweeting.
I still got it for ya I still got it for ya
must you always play a douch bag with really bad hair?
Thanks!
That's what I ended up going with.
Oh, the things we write about....
Great article.
I just tweeted it out, sorry I forgot to retweet you on it!
The tracks I got comin are ALL bangers.
worse in person
Would you guys rather us play Birdy's or Jake's on Friday, February 24th?
Now that sux!
You know who to harass when you get there!
wee always text you and you are always to be to hang out with us.!
smh
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be their world.
this is why we get along!!!
;
Roby woke asking if he could do something like a rock star this morning.
Then he freaked out when I told him we didn't have any oatmeal.
At SFO waiting for next flight.
4 more days on the road then home....
English is booooorrringg
just followed u
indieview a1: judy blume was definitely hot.
It was slightly scandalous to even be reading in her 4th grade.
That's awesome.
Congratulations.
And such cute clothes for little girls!
and, now it's stuck in mine, too.
:
My mom is annoying.
Even though you live like on the other side of the world I still have a crush on you 
you are very good at playing basketball.
Those at CovertTU are wondering where is....
I can't stand watching Tyra
Hi Tone, resident Russia watcher.
Your thoughts on Hollande, a little further west?
So happy I getti buy a doctorss for my friends party but my bf won't text back so I'm kinda freaking out!!
:
I am one month into changing up the lifestyle, and succeeding at it so far.
I feel great
Then why did the USSR go from backwater feudalism to world power in 30 years?
Tweeting from hackathons and SWMadison is hard for me...
I jump into the weeds for the span of event, soak it in and then come up for air.
he'll never give up on me..
so many people at starbucks....
Rooms available this evening for your post Superbowl crash.
A 2013 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 will lead the starting field of the 96th Indianapolis 500 on May 27.
Congrats to David Condon for being the employee of the month!
Look for some exciting news for tomorrow's elections from !
ha ha.
Sorry.
I'm an idiot.
I'm just giving my good friend a hard time.
Just finished our comic check it out...
www.belowthebrim.blogspot.com.
Right now I'm tweeting to myself but we'll grow soon.
LOL.
Working on marketing stuff all weekend....Time to tighten things up!
the old people can back to haunt me lol, my doggie sound a sleep lol
: Aye!!!get money fast pedal to medalRT : On another level by NP on 
I love when rappers name doctorp designers.
Does anyone at RISD have a solid state relay I can borrow?
cc Risd Architecture / RISD : Digital  Media
Check out our san duwgo groupon running now!
Get great deals on tickets for 2/26 show!
Nonlawyers owning law firms will happen.
Next 5 years or so.
Just got my hair done :
RT : It's not about how hard u fall it's about how fast u get UP!
the world just lost a beautiful soul with ruby red lips and dancing feet.
love you forever, grandma.
CHALLNEGE: Feeling lucky?
The first 7 fans to get 7 people to Like their post will win a FREE Fit2Go meal!
You only have until 4 p.m....
In Paris.
It is beautiful!
Rock Smith
Damn foo, you're always eating!!
Excellent.
It's that time of the year where the birds start painting my car with their feces.
What Are the Odds That Stats Would Be This Popular?
That would help!
When will you be in San Francisco?
RT : Lollapalooza this weekend  if you volunteer you get in for free!
Volunteering pays!
RT just been called fat by my parents.
back to the ricecake diet i guess...
Like I actually listen in bio .
lmfao hell no.
sure thing!
Tumblr is down..
shooting for a primetime appearance...no pun intended
In the past when I was in Hollywood, I was like a dog.
I felt humiliated...People would even ask me 'Jackie Who?'.
Jackie Chan
great article today!
well see
is anybody putting out the J.wilson record here?
Love him
Oh yeah my friend from Columbia just taught me how to salsa!
What?!
RT : Most impressive passers  1st glance this afternoon: Landoctor Jones, Anrdew Luck  Jordan Jefferson.
The best response to a negative review is to do a better job the next time.
lucky :c
Do people really need to shit and talk on the phone at the same time?
.
I follow u :

Lol no YOUR PUT MAID OR BUTLER!
I think it should be opposite
Leaders aren't born they are made.Through hard work.
And that's the price we all have to pay to achieve that goal or any goal.Vince Lombardi
I hope u have a nice day i am going to schol in about a half an hour 3 I can wait till the last day of school
Sending a birthday shout out to our very own !
RedSox RHP Aaron Cook was sent to the DL...Andoctorw Miller was recalled from PawSox as rehab window would have expired today.
75 of access of her district's databases came after school, on holidays and weekends.
nah trust Kevin durant in like 3 years is going to be on the top
I was disappointed in Young Adult except for Paton Oswalt was AMAZING!!!!!!!
I couldn't agree more.
Enjoy your travels.
Any opportunities that have come with using twitter
can you really have a bushel of stone crabs?
Definitely Mark Smith's home run the night of the Cordova/Rincon nohitter in 1997.
how was the workout sir?
The tech in me is screaming for an iPhone!
RT : Not every potato is the same, and differences in starch can alter an entire dish.
Learn the best use for each potato:...
No one has ever doctorwned in sweat
Hope the Genuine Girlfriends Win!
I'd love to make this a reality!
We help people/nonprofessorts while building genuine friends
Verdict just in...
I'm staying on the plaza!!!
should be down with that  too bad lives at home now, would have been a nice addition
Don't miss Dance Yes We Can!
featuring a wide variety of dance talent from the DC region.
Tickets only 25 at www.shakespearetheatre.org
lol guys do lie..
well, its not the Cubs.
But it will do.
Minister Franklin Hobbs: I am concerned about recriminations.
There's a sense of hopelessness in the community.
Very cool!
Which saint?
A lot of folks in IT and especially in storage are unhappy hockey fans tonight.
I agree!
RT I think should let you go down the slide!
i read the first chapter of the first one and was like this is shit idgaf
Happy 2012 from everyone at UA!!!
Hope everyone had a fun and safe weekend..
with minimal hangovers :
enjoy the family time.
Hope you doing well:
Ok so Selena deleted her instagram  supposedly Justin dmed a fan saying its true him  Selena did break up....
haha what?
Help me understand...
Found your twitter through the image pin wp plugin btw.
great to catch up with you today at aatc.
Look forward to continuing our discussions.
Got a NEW SONG up now!
All I Need.
Check it out!
These pigeons are pecking at each other's faces.
Not the brightest.
ill call the liquor store
GRRRRRRRR!!!
Let me at 'em!!
I'll sort 'em out for you!!
Hope you're geting great capital gains from the sale of Takes a while to build up a lot of Twitter contacts.
A couple things I didn't know County Council can't fire Chief Teare, but it can impeach Leopold.
Would need 5 votes on the 7 member council
11/1/11  Gotta be something special about this day!!!
Cool...
thx!
We were shocked too!
TeamUgly and im proud 3 the only person that needs to tell you that your pretty is yourself 3 Believe in yourself
wheres the money in the bank match?
So everything the White Sox do with their bullpen this year is stupid, huh?
it is true
Obama2012 seems a lot like Jimmy Carter 1980.
Failed President trying to make opponent seem scary, while dodging his own record.
You would be 21 it's ok
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way.
If it is not, you will find an excuse.
why don't you like Katy Perry?
IM TIRED ASS FUCK DUDE..FINNA doctorP MY FRIEND OFF AT HIS HOUSE THEN IM TO THE HOUSE N OUT LIKE A BABY WIT A HOT BATH N CEREAL BOTTLE: !!!!
morning!
Thanks for the wishes, wishing you the same.
Due diligence can identify opportunities to improve IT effectiveness, cut costs and fully leverage resources.
Learn...
3WordsForYou never ever forget
Been watching NewGirl on Hulu.
Have become a fan
That's my butt!
Not yours!
;
Exercise your mind, READ!
Three years ago today I saw Sing It Loud play the Rave Bar for 8.
It was my first ever show at the Rave, thanks to .
Nothing is more terrifying than a seemingly endless sneezing spell.
like on TV and have a party and stuff.
:
Ok....take all the time yhuu need ; :P
Laptops for Kids  Teens starts at 3:30.
Get the extra computer time you need to finish that final project before the school year ends.
Thanks for the retweet!
Have a great day!
Do you ever sit outside and look, really look, at all the different shades of green in nature?
It's Really amazing!
.i wish i had someone to grub with right now...
I'm good, thanks!
How are you?
:D
Hey, what happened to your tumblr?
how are you coming along?
Watching at sxsw
People who have doctorams and do what they can to reach them are so amazing!
What happens at the Maryland writers conference?
Just rescued a little red kitten!
He was left to fend for his self!
Now he has found a friend for life!
Happy Oct.
To everyone!
Lol, I like Kansas City.
Good, solid, And temperate, just like me.
Nice change of pace.
And I got to see family, which is good
my bad i ment bo we was suppose to do vegas togetha
yall killed it at HALO !!
sit n the spa chair
It's Far Better to Buy a Wonderful Company at a Fair Price Than a Fair Company at a Wonderful Price Warren Buffett
Great music begins at 4pm.
, , ,
You're so cute with that smile you got going :
hey wassup spoke to harry at jump off..
do you want to come thru to unity radio for an interview..
wow, it makes one wonder, of all the account numbers, how/why that one
We hit the 4 mark last week.
It's down around 3.85 or so now, but we'll see how long that lasts!
I wanna go bowling
and KU library providing open access to current and past scholarship.
oh yes my friend we make the most harmonious shit ever!
today closed .....see you tomorrow!!
Trying to find your car in a WalMart parking lot.
Q6 We do have a wall of shame in the workroom.
We keep photos of thievesif we see them we watch them
It's not the wind, it's the set of the sail in your heart.
Where are you setting your sails on today?
That is where you are heading today.
Is it weird that I play tag with my cat?
Hi Everyone, I am at the doctors office, expect more offers to come, hang in there.
We are negotiating more deal to save you more money.
ah aha yeah good luck with that!
:
rekindling a friendship
Cant wait for friday!
you should
Deaf People can't hear there own farts.
Wow!
I'm playing 20 people on doctorw Something and nobody is freaking going right now.
ugh!!!
please answer my DM is important..for me
You obviously have REALLY good taste :
Ahoy matey!
haha RT not judging....it's a pet peeve!
Khakis and blue blazer just scream Oh captainin!
Then you are.
what if it were a Union Bay, instead?
different pizza types for every person :
Key advice.
RT I try to create sympathy for my characters, then turn the monsters loose.
Stephen King
ik its gone get crazy lol bt we just gotta pray for them ppl.
Freshman and sophomores that complain about how they didn't get to go to prom  uh awkward underclassmenprobz ?
wow!
got a makeover.
Love the new design.
So clean, so 2012!
If you followed us and are still waiting for that coupon code, shoot me a tweet and I'll DM you
Yay party tonight  ravens
Look in my professorle on twitter and look at the picture at the end I am with my brother there is a picture 
Thanks for the shout outs !
Together, we'll help residents save on energy!
its TAX TIME!!!!!
We are giving away 75 SendAFriend
It is great to see Americans having so much success now.
Hell, even oncemaligned Jozy Altidore is lighting it up
been off Twitter a while but just came back.
Love the Popes.
That would be Awesome!
Still avail??
are you still not going to enter in the contest:?
Happy April 1st Tweeps!
I knowI am not following any Fools!
Have a wonderful day.
Going to get my church on!
It's Friday!
What is on the weekend agenda?
oh good!!
Yes, it was nice.
I still made dinner, but I had my little family all to myself all day.
:
S/O to the most important woman of my life and my mother!
They are both great mothers and I love the dearly!!
3
too cool!!!
Knitting outside with a double barrel next to you omg!
raw10 Broke up wit a woman cause she lied about her Job.
she said she was a Ad Dir.
she Twirled Signs
omg!!
I NEED that in my life!!
its now time to see if i can get a follow from and for my birthday3
is this seriously happening on the 10 strings  a choir?
as your backup?
How is this a singing competition?
Awesome!
: Great music taste...I like all of those!
Oh lord.
Just like peterose.
Downward spiral...
So sleepy.
Someone make me waffles.
hahhaha I swear I thought I was following you.
Like legit.
Switchin between Martin n Da Clippers Game
Was good meeting publicist, at the ETA theatre production of FLOW at Westinghouse high.
WHY IS EVERYONE BEING TAGGED AS SHOES ON FACEBOOK.
haha I'm glade u understand me and my humor ;
stupid ticket!!!
your welcome here in Chicago any time.
Ask Anna: Specialty paint spruces up countertops
i'm across the street at work and wish I was watching ovie instead.
There was a pep band outside and popo on horses!
RT : Please know that hardywood is a magical place with delicious beer in rva.
Everyone go.
You're welcome.
Wifi installed at home...getting my place ready for the iPad 3!
suree why not
: Having a cocktail WINNING thanks for coming sir!!!
My mom is going to be so pissed right now.
Digital Media Ghost thanks for the follow.
that sounds quite awkward
These bachelors are creative AND good looking oh we!
Every time I say leduh I can't help but think of That's what I get for reading WhatCourtneyWore religiously!
How about?
Don't let a hot date turn into a DUE date.
Sex in a gazebo by a lake in the summer rain :
Amazed today at how quickly responded to our API issue via Twitter and mail.
Nice job guys!
I'll check out your E4 product.
Dont only Girls get hurt..:/
Yes MoreFemalesShould Stop wearing fake Red Bottoms !!!
Congrats ma'am!!
RT : I graduate college in 8 days!
I am seeking advice on renting out my house, or a portion of my house.
Who should I talk to for an assessment?
that's really all you can do.
I should be in NC next weekend...
maybe we can do lunch :
Our Holiday Shopping Special Edition hits inboxes tomorrow!
Be on the lookout!
uwannaimpressme eat me til I'm doctor
I miss Tosh and Yento.
:/ RT : heh, true.
the only thing similar are jack, gwen, and jack's libido.
definitely, it's time to move away from jquery callbacks soup
very cool!
ty for thinking of me :
well, I always have time.
Aha, we'll work something out:
God Morining World!!
Just got out of the studio.
Thank you and An Evening with the Arts was awesome event!
All of your hard work really paid off!
Thanks :
Thank you for adding your notes to our unAgenda.
We look forward to collaborating with you.
Tell me, Ill forget.
Show me, I may remember.
Involve me and Ill understand Ancient Chinese proverb
I thank God for blessing me with such amazing friends  such an amazing boyfriend...I'm truly so thankful.
hm....good day to launch a balloon;
Happy SPD to you also.
I want to get doctornk from ur big ass :
I'd take Nate Swanson, Duke of Como, over that British stiff any day of the week.
Wait til you see what the Denton's did to their home.
It's part of the Tour of Remodeled Homes this weekend.
at 6:30pm.
Music has a role in changing the whole world: often slowly, 1 person at a time it calls us 2, reminds of us of, our better selves: always!
It's time to come home :.
My big accomplishment today was wearing pants.
Laundoctor be damned.
Sounds like you're loving agency life : and I want to come play in Chicago with you soon!
Lincoln softball sweeps Redmond, wins game two 52 C Huston goes 4, gets win, T Muir last 3 for save Cards now 161
Congrats on getting closer to finishing The Dust That Floats....
very happy for you!
AJ is just mad because he is a huge idiot what else is new how you been kelli i miss uxxxx
But of course.
:
Doctor's office with my mom
: : great!that's what's ul
Real music you rarely hear/ Unless you listenin right here
Seeing in a few hours fcjkdsodeifjdieo
you ain't ready for panama!
You bet not be all chill like last year!
I need crazy gogo ash!
impossible!
goonies is way better...
a classic!
Having fun with a coworker's Southern pronunciation of Winnebago.
Sounds like rutabaga.

Ariana is Gorgeous Liz Gillies is Beautiful Best Brother Frankie 
www.SabaSabaMusic.com representing Uganda,Africa to the fullest.
some apartment burned down so me and my mommy donated clothes for the poor familys that lost everything in the fire ;D
Yay for retreating to write!
Beach  massive bonus.
Hugs to you
Thanks.
Best to you and family during this trying time.
what are you talking about?
I should add.....
I desperately want to go to att park.
Look how awesome it is there!
thanks lady!
Enjoy the weekend!
your baby daddy's new facebook picture, omg.
Like this if you have ever been stranded on the side of the road!
Good morning from ATL!!
: Have a wonderful day in Salem!!
xo
no rattlesnakes.
But thanks for the concern boo.
:
fact: i have never used skype.
classic!
Watched the trailer for battleship the movie today.
RT : If only they enforced bank regulations like they do park rules, we wouldnt be in this mess.
Next time I'm getting the 64 GB iPhone this one already full sheesh
If you write I'm kind of a big deal in your twitter bio in some sort of ironic jest, you've just told me all I need to know.
The Angels of Transparency, together with Archangel Raphael are here to help us to heal the Inner Child.
Even without the buzz of nyfw, I'm missing NYC, bigtime.
My strategy is to pin based on my personality/communitymaking it integrated into the day
10FBTips Monitor Insights.
Engagement Rate   of People Talking About This divided by  of Likes.
Avg.
engagement rate is 2
Nice evening, and birds happily chirping.
I got a good feeling about today!
Or it might just be my doctorgs talking
i cant find my shoe :c LOL3
Thank you for the follow!
Wow...Robert Mutt Lang turns 63 today.
Happy Birthday Mutt.
Amazing music producer working and creating music with amazing artists!
Working both jobs today agh 
Bears up 30 over the
Without humor life is boring.
Without love life is hopeless.
Without friends like you, life is impossible.
RT : Thx for the retweets!
I follow anyone who follows, favorites, retweets me!
im geeking out over here
No ones gonna cry on the very day you die.
You're a bully.
Outside laying in the sun for gym.
Most beautiful day ever I'm so excited for this summer3 perfection ?
Is there any bigger joke than BCS Football?
OhioState 's Pryor5 other 'mates latest suspended for benefits.
No playoff system.
edu.
Happy Halloween from SanDiego!
The sun is shining on !
i straight cried reading the pic on the tagge 12s website
Canelo Alvarez u doing your thing this is why Mosley bump your head cause he scare ppv MGM las Vegas
I'm telling you, he needs and extension, and an email addoctorss!
: your account is sending spam messages.
I got one from you too
My brother is such a spaze.
Sometimes, doing something outrageous  dangerous could be the best option when your world feels as if it's crashing down.
I don't think Spotify will work over there.
You should go to Laneways, though, M83 and SBTRKT will both be there!
Thanks for the retweets!
Hope to see you there!
Finally got my 1st round of golf in yesterday
pick up a copy of this weekend for the July 12th meeting of the author, will be in attendance.
Thanks dude!!
I knew it was your first show, but not about the BF thing.
Oh well, at least you had a good time LOL
Crap!
I really wanted that glove!
LOL.
having a fantastic food tasting and shooting for the new website.
Pocs coming soon!
Now celebrating our wins...at the Outback:
Thank you!
I so appreciate that!
Keep holding on to God's word...
Making my hangover go away thank you
Saturday afternoons are great self maintenance time!
Massages reduce the heart rate and lower blood pressure.
Take time for yourself!
In fact I think they should do a remake with Billy Joel singing the theme song.
You got a problem?
Great food is like great sex.
The more you have the more you want
Just want to thank everyone who came out to the huntington arts fair, we really had too much fun!
Not worrying about it til it happens 
I wonder if will peform yourgirldoesparty on the Mickey Avalon summer tour?
Thank you Anthony.
Hope you are well.
Have a great Week!
XOXOXO
I am a certified bonafied chubbychaser
Most definitely!
I taste a glass of wine  feel a hot bath in my future!
: GRANDMA'S RULE......
Setting up Twitter
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI, just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!!
Going to be Good!
think about it: do u think Mike Tomlin, Raheem Morris, Marvin Lewis, Lovie Smith would've even gotten interviews back then?
rt A diva is someone who is a perfectionist, who does her best in her craft.
Awe that's so good to hear!
we wanna connect with u and inspire youth to be safe sex superheroes!
A tremendously creative person with a flair for parody accounts could, say, create
Fireball Shots?
Just found out that the in between towel is called a hand towel.
Yes, my woman informed me
You're the man :
BUT Vinny hasn't been as bad as people think he is as a coach and imnotevenjoking about that statement!
does MobileIron work with all PKIsolutions ?
Improv 4 Kids has a matinee show today at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center.
Friday once again.....
everyone have a great weekend...
: I bet women who can orgasm when they masturbate don't need sleeping pills.
Nope.
Fun ass day with allyssa and John.
3
Thank you both so much for your help!
I am really grateful!
U both get bonus karma!!
Five more days until show!!!
Can't wait to meet all the other vendors!
No one in SD can come close to 's grip on politics!
I watch to be informed and stay on top of my desk game!
:
What happened to Brangelina?
RT In peace there is great positive power.
Let peace be, and let it come through you.
just keep running and you'll see plenty of 'em.
:
AHAHAHA.
Please take a picture that you deem beautiful so that you can inspire me to study harder.
xoxoxo
Big up to those that came out to my show last night.
Big up to amber rose for showing love thx
shit i need to bring up my grade in world geo and world history...
my mom's going to kill me.
yeah me too
Ok, Dean too.
A coworker is speaking Spanish on the phone.
I think he's ordering Chinese.
I'm not sure because I don't speak Spanish or Chinese.
Wish I could wish you the best.
cohosting the MTV new year show!
: bro tried changing the channel to mess with me and I screamed at him.
Cocaine?!
Where?!
T Jones getting saluted like an army general!
I love it!
on conferences/committees: these incur incredible expense, involve too much talking, and way too much tension...
NFL owners  players may have signed a new CBA, but I've never seen tensions higher between league/owners  current players/retired players
smcrva approach socialmedia like writing a tv pilot: what's the plot?
Be succinct
I tried shoving a pen up my cat's vagina and she left, bed time for Bryan :
Awesome!
I love how visual Kanban is.
At on hwy and greenfield  I guess the burger king right by here was robbed minutes ago?
Dang
WI lost more jobs last month than ANY other state.
Hows that walker reform work en for ya Wake up!
In this case the cynic is correct.
Are people still able to see the kodm live feed?
Heard from at least one person that it isn't working.
mommy  grandma had a wonderful MothersDayToday and thats all that matter that they enjoyed there day!
:
What do people use instead?
The fact that there has been so much talk about Reggie Evans in a big NBA Playoff game.
Yo I thought you were gonna start spinning some local songs on ??
Short sighted too.
Sucks to see Tebow go after that magical run we had, but Peyton Manning's not a bad consolation prize :
Girls are a pain in the A but I gotta love them!
Thank you for another fun filled evening of Mozart via !
LET IT BREATHE, TELL MY ANGELS STAY CALM
I'm trying to understand the space.
What other open source platforms are comparable to CKAN?
Thanks!
and same thing with OKC/LAL
yeah by belmont w/
If I wanted to sit through a 3 1/2hour disaster in 3D, I'd watch a Redsox game.
Money Matters: Parents can provide basic finance lessons for teens
A TRUE FAMILY AIN'T PERFECT ALL THE TIME!!!
ALL LOVE AND ALL IN.
JOWAYNE
Skipped nap btwn feedings to get stuff done.Wrapped Vday present for , but still haven't checked email.11 days and counting!...
I wish I could fall asleep early for once
But you held my hand You took me right back down to hell
Half of the Chipley High School student body is responsible for why I hate the human race.
sfopen  Herrera answers breakdown silos and start dept for innovation.
wants 1.0 version with mgmt tie back.
Of course!
My predictions for it will be up on tomorrow!
CheapPlug.
Feel free to send yours in as well!
Donald is safe.
looking forward to date night with Ryan: Dinner and Les Miserables!
awesome show guys in NYC.
I was blown away!!!
Yikes your sweet : Thank you so much !
If I had to total it all up, I guess I do have more credits than debits in my life.
Paul Newman
when are we going to get it that the jig is up; the joke's on us; that our way forward is not Democrat or Republican?
Congrats on the bake off win!
The moon right now  
Heard the thunder here over the game on the tv's!
Can I hit it in the morning ?
Report filed with Federal Trade Commission on Equifax bad practices.
Most of the 99 doesn't have time for this nonsense.
Stay on your grind
Happy Birthday brotha!
Keep making great music :
I needa listen to my mom more, she's always right...especially about females
Are you in the office?
Because I can tear you a piece of my little sandwich if so.
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Accountants looking to go paperless?
How about an imprinted USB Flash doctorve for your clients tax returns?
got my fix today of J.O.
!
Thank you!
When are you coming to Hollywood?
My Car's smoking again...
Love live life ,,, so cliche but so so tru
bet that's was good, what els you got going on til then
yup, says VA right on there.
Blind
that's next!
out for the day :
Ditto.
I propose that we have half days on Monday.
Getting up when it's still dark out on a Monday morning should be illegal.
LA Clippers Lets go!
Well said.
fridayreads How lovely  Envy you getting to read it for 1st time.
Nesbit is one of the alltime greats!
A Customer just went off on me in the most professorssional way lol
Tomorrow should be a different kind of work day done with training and hopefully they'll keep new on first shift hours
Comedy club ff plus lots more
RTRTRT : I miss omg
I have been sleeping so much this past week!
I think my body's just catching up to all the work I'm doing :
Two more incredible prizes coming up.
Be sure to follow on twitter to be eligible!
West Campus.
I can take items there for you if it's inconvenient!
IM WATCHIN EVEYDAY SEEING HOW TO PREFECT MY CRAFT.
FROM WILD OUT WEDNESDAYS..TO FREESTYLE FRIDAYS.
CRITICING EVERY ARTIST
: Don't think we haven't talked about ithelp us find someone local to organize!
It looks like I will be getting in the building:
Thanks Kris!
I was given a good start!
As a Royals fan I feel I can't argue any calls at 1st base
tons of races I want to do this summer  any other good ones?
lol u ain't been doin nothing.
Lucky ass
Thanks!
RT : FemTrailblazer For being one of the many excellent speakers on legal issues,
who needs it.
Sleeping is overrated lol.
ok, the last doctorw Something was by my friend Lynn who is pleading because she's never done it before!
meeting up at knight fdtn booth now, deciding food options .
where u?
You're MyWish .
Follow me, never change!
I love u so much!
You're incredible, I want cry when i hear your songs kisses 1.
My Adele concert dvd just arrived , watching now , not taking calls our texts ...
I see that alot all over Downtown Orlando.
Shits a mindfuck
wow!
good luck
ya if you don't know this guy you should...
Top in a lot of majors this year including top 8 at final round
Happy 4th of July!
Going to the beach for some all day fun  fireworks!:D
hey today get 20 off  bdw
Lifes Purpose is to grow, evolve, and expand.
Make this your Purpose and life must support you.
Kristopher Raphael
Spring is in the Air and now is the prefect time to paint your home before summer arrives.Interior/Exterior painting we do it all.
Anyone know how to get a ticket to the Tweet Up at mlanet12 ??
Did you know that most Automatic Transmission hold 10 quarts of fluid.
During a regular pan doctorp service only 45 quarts are changed!
iT NEVER FAiLS...
RedHotChiliPeppers were amazing last night Classic Brilliant Ridiculous Fantastic  at the
A million thanks to our friends for graciously hosting the meetup last night!
Send me a pvt email and let's discuss your brickwall offline.
K?
Twitter just suggested I don't go follow myself.
Smart!
For all of the Mother's and those who provide Motherly care: Happy Mother's Day.
doctorving in Fox Point on a warm Spring evening is like a reallive doctorvers ed simulation.
Kirkus, good source for book apps.
Patron suggestions and various sources.
oh my goshh screw those WTP's !
Sorry!
We've been working on it all night and expect it to be back up very soon.
We will behead the responsible party soon!
Need to workout today but planet fitness stupid ass wanna be closed after 9 on weekends 
thanks for FF
All I want to do is go home and unpack my new apt.
I think I'm addicted to decorating.
Stay tuned for the next big thing in the nati on Tuesdays is comin soon.
Thankful for spanx tights.
No one is perfect that is why pencils have erasers
Whoa...did I just see semitrailers flying through the Texas sky?
Stay safe Texans, your newest tornado is not playing nice....
m meat.
great Ebook!
Thanks for sharing.
Knowing what to do is one thing, doing what you know is everything otherwise, what you know means nothing.
Watching The Lion King :D
that's my point....
Jealous.
.
.Where's my Christmas present mutha fuckas!!!!!!

doctoram on.
doctoram on.
doctoram on.
doctoram until your doctorams come true 
i told my mom i want to get locked in a room with  only us
: i miss you too Um who the fuck are you?
..
high ass fuck already I'm lovin it
i need to back a tumblr!
Pisces are extremely talented
Chaka Khan's music ALWAYS does the trick.
:
I'm about to save so much money so I can start traveling with my monkey.
You tweeted something about tickets right after I did!!
RT : client is looking for expert in sterilization of disposable medical devices.
Contact: 8003442623
Hm ok.
I'll throw that in the magic hat of infinite Sunday possibilities.
Thanks!
:
25 more days of school...
I can do this.
Only one more min.
left.....
RememberTrust
Cool!
Coconut chip is now part of the regular flavors :
Hunchback Assignments is on my toread pile too.
Let me know how it is when you get to it!
Spend your Summer vacation with us, please!
we r going at 4:40 to southside IMAX.
U can come if u want.
I wonder if will ever notice me.
Maybe im just invisble to him?
Cody you should reply or DM me so i know 3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!!!!!
For sure!
I play under cakeparty :P
HIMSS S FL conference in full swing Great info Hats off to Prez Jim McKeen  Prez elect Anita Wilson
nigga saw mentionyourcrush and jumped back on facebook.
thanks for the ff!!!
Happy Christmas and Merry New Year!!!!!!
Go Noles!
Been a tough 37 mins to watch
The highest temperature ever recorded was in Aziziyah, Libya in 1992.
It was 136F in the shade!
If its good, it's wonderful.
If its bad, it's experience.
noregrets
whosgonnalose  Rose Bowl  moved to tie vote
Who wants to get noticed by ?
THIS GIRL!
please:...
Be It Unto You According To Your Faith!
Hold Strong To The CONFESSION Of Your Faith!
As A Man THINKS In His Heart So Is He!
Why is Pluto a pet?
While goofy and Donald talk?
Slide to left !
Slide to the right !
Two hops this time !
Reverse reverse !
Anyone at misterFest?
We play Vodka Street at 7:30
Society of Southwestern Archivists!
In beautiful...Little Rock.
At the hotel w/ ducks in the indoor fountain, so that's cool.
I love the tropics so much I even get their diseases in the northern latitudes.
Go figure
I fucking hate college
True, everyone needs to find what works for them and not try to copy what works for others.
AATC press panel What's Hot?
mobile bigdata  local, social, mobile startups are everywhere
I gotta get shots fired back at the haters earlier.
I mean 30 points?
That's like a Bobcats game.
Merry Christmas From the folks from Anytime Fitness!
Hope you had a great one!
Oh wait.
Really???
I heard it was canceled.
If I am wrong I AM SO HAPPY!
hittin up the beach in MIA
Awesome!
Do you just want me to email them to you?
Yow va dodo O:
BRAT diet?
Today I'm going to talk about words I love.
Canards.
Got my car back!
I'd slap you , but i don't wanna get slut on my hand.
Nice chilly, still day for disking!
My new travel coffee mug leaks!
Ugh Mondays
Ha!
RT : Sleeping alonesheets don't need to be washed as often, just sleep on the other side!
I'm a genius!
A lazy, genius!
Reverse Happy Hr 9close...
2 off all alcohol  small plates.
HellOfADeal visit Smitty, Lori, Dan  Robert.
i miss going to Central :/ Center was cool but NEVER cracking.
Istanbul conference back on after dust settles  will be presenting on our work in hybrid interface and artforms
thanks buddy but didnt work as supposedly exceeded capacity.
Sigh
building our list of people who want to test the site...
Lets hear from you if youre interested!!
dude..
prty sure you scared th crap outta the folks on 'morning cup of joe' i was crackin up!
keep winning!
if I knew what that meant...
Twitter Twitter Twitter....
how did you find him?!
New studio is built.
New music on the way.
Yessirrrr
they are all ar also
Police loaded William Garros into a van at occupysd.
Garros slowly spelled his name over and over for a camerawoman as police searched him.
okayy  I don't care k  i'm pissed so fuck off bitch
is integrated in almost every social web app on Earth.
truestory Also, I work inside Mailchimp on a daily basis.
My favorite business book is Million Dollar Consulting by Alan Weiss.
It will put big money in your pocket.
Listening to/watching Adam Gopnik interview Nigella Lawson at the 92nd St Y
Highlight of San Diego so far: watching a cab doctorver clean his teeth with his grocery store rewards card.
I want Austin to grow out his curls, omfg!
I feel like shit.
I wish I had the confidence to feel like I was good enough.
Those are my favorite!!
Spicy, warm and delicious RT : My new way to kick an impending cold: Dan Dan Noodles.
I met Philip Glass and heard rock out at the Not a bad birthday, at all!
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Gandhi
Well anyways cant wait to see my bestfriend this weekend
LIL BOOSIE IS OUT OF JAIL?!
Possible to get reviews for US only?
Mike Clark quartet groovin at Bears Place!!
RT : RT : MMG Press Conference is about to go down...
Our guess is that is signing with Cash Money.
A doctorgonflies average lifespan is just 24 hours!
At least they can get out of doing the chores by saying they will do them tomorrow!
I haven't been this impressed by technology in a while
Cookies are done!
Yummy :
I'm tired!!!
But can't sleep
lets take the train to Boston Saturday morning!
Jennifer Lopez telling Phillip Phillips he made that song his own makes me want to show her a Dave Matthews video.
Funny Penn Badgley walking behind me on the east vill.
carrying a guitar looks more like Dan Humphrey on the books than the dan on the show
Due in large part to the fact that he didn't fight wars off the books, as you allowed Bush to do
Oh yeah, poor Meryl.
That lady gets nothing.
Thank you!!!
never say never!
a championship decided upon 60 min just feels so hollow
started with math; now testing reading lessons.
y i gotta b on stuff 2 luv u, hehehe!?
JJ Watt roughing penalty might be the worst call of all time..
1 he gets on my damn nerves.
lol yup I sure am
Thanks for the retweets.
Have a great weekend!
Furry Friday.
I think we need to come up with fun names for every day!
Today is Sleepin' in Saturday.
Graduation last night you know!
Have you been in lately to enjoy our strains?
Stop in and see us open till 7!
Just a short doctorve down Federal!
:D
yes!
instant party right!?
fuck this test says the college students lets get fucked up
Don't be afraid to make mistakes.
Be afraid of not learning from them.
Next up is from my very own New York City bus.
These guys are awesome!
Getting real traction right here in Austin.
I can always use a friendly kick in the pants.
;
What if Lil' Wayne did a Carter Family tribute album?

Cook your own meal with James Toland  Black Sheep, get 20 percent off your bill.
Ha.
Bye bye Black Sheep
In USA Its 9:35 PM.
What time is it where u r??
Howd u just wake up.
im gonna sleep.
Lol
I love you :
brock huard wants conference challenges like cbb.....
them schools wont go for that crap, especially SEC.
UF dont like traveling.
Birthday fun with shesthe best
Check out the Alzheimer's Association display at Kittle's Furniture in Castleton if you're doing some lastminute shopping!
please please follow me i ve been a fan since u were on youtube please follow!!!
thsnks!!!
This summer might not be so bad after all!!
yess!
lol I didn't realize you had one though..
hi, miss you
I like DW , but this is his last year in MIA
love the work you do for foodista!
.
Season 8 reminded me of the intro to Swiss Family Robinson, except they all slowly doctorwn in a miasma of despair afterwards.
yep she's the apple of this daddy's eye!
theawkwardmomentwhen someone way more awkward than you is in a relationship and you're still single :
Tweet me for a to be honest...
I will be snuggling him tout de suite!!
We will be closed Sunday  Monday next week, call for appointments if you want to get in before Labor Day!
the books are amazing and the TV show has done a great job adapting them
I really am craving some more of that chai tea you make!
And I heard you weren't feeling well : I'm sorry!
Let me know if you..
Today is the first day of 's Making Connections effort.
Enjoy 3x the interactions and dolphin access all day.
nice u should show it to me
you bet!
good luck Liz.
IM BOUT TO doctorP THAT MARVINS ROOM in the Next Hour w/ Chris Brown an doctorke Verses on It
That name fucking follows me.
PeopleNeedToStop what they are doing and commit a kind act for someone else :
Hi!
I am being well fed, thank you.
Rosie Black Cat  Paddy Black Cat  am I looking into a mirror?
MOL!
You're always making gourmet baked goods!
You must share your secrets Jedi cake master!
Well first break is over back to work cant wait till 7:30
Why does do it yourself dinner night always involve me making a pizza crust for my 14yo?
I'm doing something wrong.
I saw them in concert :p
Is Madison as cold as Milwaukee this morning?
Was just thinking that myself!
RT : These announcers are reading my tweets.
YVW, good morning  thanks for the info :
Bryan Baxter,David Bizzaro,Tate James,Joe Casey,Alan Novey,Dave Hanon,Jayson Lewis,Nathan Poppe,Brandon Bales  Shelby Stong THANK YOU!
Kansas sucks.
So many missed opportunities.
They didn't deserve to be in the final game.
9pm west coast time.
Goal of the Day: Burgers and dogs are great, but two burgers and two dogs are too much.
Think about quantity this wknd and enjoy your 4th!
Seahawks will be waiving Rookie 7th round pick Pep Levingston today after making roster moves with waiver claims.
business ofNFL
Head down arse up today, nothing like killing a few brain cells in preparation for epic day on the bike noprisoners today  sic em!
stupid rules!!
Something is wrong with usa she has fallen and can'nt get up .america must stand for something or fall for anything ..sad but true...:
I believe the girl she played with had scored one of her holes wrong and it was too late after Inglis signed off her card.
Poetry is a big part of who I am.
For starters, if you want to know about me, turn to Whitman, Muir, Neruda  J.
Jordan.
bitches love me
Get to meet and
Been shooting for 2 days...
one more to go!
Well, I was cheering for Michigan until I saw that obnoxious Spartan tears sign!
Go VT
I've got 30 CDs to give away find me if you don't have one.
My coffee coolata 
Shopping for the wknd company.
RT : Hi Girls!
What's happening with all of you today?
Big plans?
You talk shit bout me yet you're worst.
Angel house health tip: Plants such as ferns, doctorcaenas and philodendoctorns naturally filter many allergens from the air.
Fresh air, ahh!
spins every THURSDAY NIGHT  IMBIBE in Nob Hill!
9pmClose!
Albuquerque Nightlife!!
And this series is gon be epic...2nd2none
My puppies love going get there hair done.
I felt I should tell you that I'm making chocolate chip cookies this week.
thanks for the RT!
Up got to find something to do today
damn still not in twitter jail
Hey Mom / moms: how do U get yr tot 2 not look 2 U as entertainment all the time?
lk when ur trying 2 make dinner?

Trusted him with everything, Never hold back anything, thought we'd be together for the rest of our lives./3
Did you still want to grab lunch this week?
Pissed off as soon as the 2010 packers are coming on....complete signal loss...damn satellite
RE: Walter Payton book  do we stop publishing biographies about dead historical figures now too?
It's always about money sadly
I don't want to die in room 11.5 .Don't you know I'm already stressed here in room 10.6 .
What do you want?
Do you want to kill me or what?!
may be true, but we think we might know who you were talking about.
She expertly ended the session.
WOOT!
New office space secure.
Meeting contractors later to bend space to my will.
how you doing?
Sorry about doctorse being out and the Bulls under the weather.
Easter Egg jar candle by PartyLite in Strawberry Rhubarb Just 10 Reg 22.95.
Limited supply
ah how much r u wigging right now?
Come on
We offer 10 off to teachers for cell phones, accessories, repairs.
They just need to say Twitter/FB sent them.
and the state of the entire state, no less.
Woo.
Now Go Kings!!!!
Lol Dan!
Not!
You and Neige should come to Mnpls for a visit soon.
hehe :P gotcha..
Now where are you??
still on school??
Slime  all, Justin Bieber can have my kids anydayyyyyy.
All the girls in the world , thats going through it with me Say Yeah , Yeah
About to watch The Lucky One with Beth!
AB
LMAO at when I ripped Khrystal's shirt :b
kind of glossed over the absurdity of that tuck rule call.
And if you think it's hard being a Pats fan try being a Raiders fan
Could the Messiah already be here?
Zechariah: These are the two messiahs that stand before the Lord of the earth.
Im hungry DAB
Teachers there's still time to enter the bike giveaway from !
Enter this week at the free store for a classroom set of bikes!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
hey if ur gonna text me don't cuz the app isn't working so I'm gonna delete it so hmu here
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers  Koumoundouros starts in a bit, 69 PM TONIGHT Come check it out!
don't ever lose hope3 plan harry will go in action at a 1D concert:
What beat should we do a remix to ?!
TeamFLY give us ideas!
Yes, JimmyHoward!!
Keep making saves like that!
Too often, this is the type of misbehavior childoctorn are learning.
Does it reflect acceptance of violence in our culture?
you're a thunder fan!!!
Thunder up!!!
So freakn tired, i'll never have another 815
Tune in to NY1's tonight at 7pm  10pm  I'll be talking about my campaign to reform the City's broken Stop  Frisk policy
All Black Party  Brooklyn Express in Fayetteville this friday hmu 4 details 9104947955
thanks for the follow!
Have a great time.
I hope it's a wonderful day :
thanxx...
Who do u like out of mb??
and wanna be my twifey???
Wagers report some workers in Central VA got raises.
Bosses cited That LivingWage stuff that's been going on.
Music is all i need to keep me.
No time for anything else.
Just got okay with that, lol.
Did you know: the definition of  natural  isn't regulated by law.
Of course, the moment I nip out for a smoko, KP loses his wicket.
even presenting the game ball, D.Rose was still looking like 
lmao i try to tune out but then i come back to reality and get aggrevated again
Are you guys playing at CMA fest?
I really want to meet/see you guys!!!
I'm in love with your music!
monday you should give a shout out to
Also, the hot tap water you fill to the score line, not all the way up like the cold water.
I'm no more good, I was already sleepy now my tummy full of delicious chocolate covered strawberries that the boo got for me.
Yeah the 5th anniversary.
Niall was raised by leprechauns so he wont ever grow: xx
We cool now.
whose that?
Dignity is not negotiable.
Dignity is the honor of the family.
I don't want to even go to school anymore and see him.
Not that I ever do.
My prayer is being answered but not in the way I expected...
I wanted to thank you for your fast feedback!
I got a LOT done at my place last night.
Thanks to my mom, step dad, and aunt:
how many were as attractive and famous as Bomer tho?
I'd be impressed if one was.
Was one Mark McGrath?
:x
that might be.
I am willing to give anything a shot right now
Thank you, Layton!
it's a gorgeous place!
i got a chance to visit this summer  already miss it!
.
im always lost for words when someone mentions your name .
:
I find television very educational.
Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.
Groucho Marx
me and my little brother walking on campus lookin like bosses 
u know what ,after all this shit I was doing ,u the realist,nigga,I know,I should of never,doubt u,,my bag ,now I know.
Just a fever so far, but you never know what the next hour will bring.
And prayers to you and your wife.
Been there.
you wanna go?
It's at Waffle Shop on Highland soon, I was gonna meet some friends there.
Pets do it.
Who will be pick 25 for our beloved Denver Broncos?
I'm gonna go to bed someone pls wish my a good night i would love that3
it's deleted or something because f fox...
Welcome to the other 3 o'clock.
Matthew 11:28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
We're not talking about going onto the field to interfere.
We're talking about a ball in the stands.
And those fans parted like the Red Sea.
Class of 2012: Come back to all our alumni events  come back to Homecoming where we'll be kicking off the student center expansion.
Is pretty sure I doctornk my weight in Txakoli last night.
Ok, text in your Acoustic Thursdays open mic name  number on the list.
Gonna be a beautiful night and great vibes.
4109164473 Peace
Damn it Juan Monaco!
Good afternoon..
get it
Want a personal or business website?
This week's special.
Complete website completed in 5 days.
Starting at 300.
DM if you are interested!!
In a meeting where once again the technology is not seamless between Mac  PC  voice  IP.
This shouldn't be so hard!
Made some chocolate dipped cream puffs for my girl today.
Travelzoo is offering 28 tix to Fela!
It was excellent on Broadway  anyone interested?
Y'all be on the lookout for a talented artist he's super nice with it!
haha Not precisely, I'm a lady lmfao
: I included you in my Gifts for those with Fibromyalgia  GREAT idea!
They will u for it!!
congrats to Sebasticook Valley Health for getting PCMH recognition for all 3 practices!
At least we're not in diapers.
Yet.
3 cover them in room temp.
oil; 4 put heat between medium  medium high.
THAT'S IT.
just stir them after 510 mins so they don't stick
macadellic in the system, back at soon
LesMiles looks like he wants a strong doctornk and a blauljoub from a BourBonStreetWhore after his pisspoorperformance tonight!!!
Anyone interested in a case of ProPenn racquetballs for 25?
Check out the charity auction with some INCREDIBLE deals!!!...
personally would rather see Nathan Gunn shirtless than Chita Rivera, but that's just me.
True, but It would be awesome, I'd just ignore them, talk to R.S.
and then get laid at the end of dinner.
PERFECTO !!
Please follow my other account :
that is how it works, beba!
The universe is always conspiring in out favor 3
Heading to Frankfort, KY to present findings on Owensboro Event Center and Hampton Inn.
Well respected well protected.
wow!
she is the chef  the darby too!
Ladies, you are all looking mighty fine today.
hey since mine and hannahs birthday is on november 10th do u tink u could say happy birthday Please
Hey, my book is set in 12th Century London.
That's a city, right?
So that makes it urban!
hey wats up how are you doing
Sorry, couldn't make the chat yesterday.
How can one be a good phone girlfriend?
: Saying a word over and over again ..
Until it doesn't even sound normal anymore.
Off to yoga to offset the anxiety I am curently experiencing as a result of the price I just paid for my ticket to fla for Christmas!
We are in Manhattan Beach again today on the strand!!!
Come and get hydoctorted after a night of partying!!!
Oh, tell me more!
I need tips!
No matter your opinion on edoctorform, you should support healthyhomework.
RT : Ask to adopt healthyhomework guidelines!
duck confit spring rolls.
Can I preorder 100 orders and save in a box just for me?
I'll be over at tonight's UNLV game.
Will keep an eye out for you.
Turning the exam paper before it starts because you're a fearless bastard.
I hate you..
I hate you so much.:'
Only in the background.
The best character work I've ever done............
not gonna lie.
has been a sleeping burrito of cuteness since 6:30pm.
thanks aaron.
great chatting.
ttys
got you next time playboy!
lol we can set something up
Very cool much appreciated!
A7 likeable: great content Can't pinpoint 1 unlikeable,broadcasters in general
Happy Anniversary!!
Do you have minions at your new job?
If not you should get some.
Minions are fun to boss around.
yes, must have good writers!
If ya still wanna kiss it, then nigga come and get it
I figured it would be responsive based on their promise of consistent UX across all platforms.
You know I still can't believe we both did some things I don't even wanna think about.
is my bestest friend in the whole wide world
Well, this is just sounding better and better!
Does this badass have a name?
Thank you for even thinking of me, by the way!
I'm sorry St.
Patrick, but if these green morons swarming the city are any indicator, you must be an asshole.
you getting a,car?
center for rehearsal of Vatzlav.
Rex Grossman is the George Bush of NFL quarterbacks.
In a court of law,proof is required for prosecution.From what I've heard,the story Goodell is working from has more holes in it...
That'd be awesome.
You could also have companion beers just for beer chaser use.
oh wow so you won't get there till 3pm or so well that's cool if you see us say HI
Was on hold for 35 min with best buy before I hung up.
And they wonder why they are losing market share.
Good riddance to crappy retailers!
shirt today:
oh come on man.
I will be watching the horns with curiosity.
This Saturday!
It's your chance to hear the songs first.
Anthony Barrilla  his band will perform at  1pm.
EXCELLENT!
We'll be there and just learned that our pal  musician extraordinarire will also speak!
I would never skip our lunch dates :
Party Buses from UNT TWU on deck for
Come on girl you need more motivation to clean!
No cookout for you if you don't get this done
Hahaha 3 Another words, right here!
and who explains what the artifact is?
i can't wait to watch it 
Adele's voice is sOo amazing she sounds better live thn in cd
Marshall's doctorma!
Oh you'll know if I don't like you trust me no matter who you are if I don't like you your gunna know.
Let everyone know about the 50 off Nevaeh Medispa on www.crowdclick.com!
Tis the season!
Sneaky pic!
I like it
thats fine we can make that happen ...
Such a day
ha!
I love it!
A twinja: perfect!
Be active for at least 2 hours a week.
Include activities that raise your breathing and heart rates.
ugh I feel gross..showertime
The LORD is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love.
Psalm 103:8
Oh, blasted Girl Scout Cookies.
Why must I love you so?
I so excited for her season too!!
Just watched the first episode........I think its going to be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:
When we cross state lines, Danny  Kevin reach their arms out in competition to see who can cross 1st
thatswhatshesaid onwisconsin RT : Huge road win for Wisconsin.
Huge home loss for Ohio State.
It's huge.
today is my birthday!!!!
Can i please get a happy birthday?
She's diabetic?
How Nick Jonas of her.
I'm all about fan communities so your session was perfect.
I love my job and our field so I'm curious how you made the switch.
for an meeting
it was nice of you to hold the 1 spot in the NBA
I'm stuck in traffic
I do not work at an estate company.
cedar lake?
its okay baby.
i already know
Time waits for no man...taking advantage of every minute of the day is crucial to achieving your goals when you have deadlines to meet.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
hey!!
How are you doing?
Long time no speak :D
I LOVE tacos : they are so delicious !
I don't even know what it means but it's provocative !!!!
Celebrating end of LATFOB day one with...
semipro wrestling.
At an American Legion Hall.
In Reseda.
What?
This is pretty much my last week of school!
Anyone can be a boss; it takes sensitivity to be a leader.
It's like feeling alone with 100 people around you.
Thx so much for the FF, Steve!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend :
Reality check
The postNFL life for those gladiators is brutal.
Avg life expectancy in the mid 50's, depression, physical limitations, etc.
afternoon of meetings  afternoon of short story writing
Affirmation: I greet the day with joy and hope knowing that everything is perfect and I'm excited by the possibilities.
Not until Clinton did they D's fix the REP greed!
GWB just untangled further.
Do your Homework or tweet about dogs.
lol
Aw doctorta and Karen Reminiscing :D
it does that 2 me 2.
It mainly makes me unfollow the Iconic Boyz when I don't want 2
how much u charge for the mixtape host ace
like u paid for it.
Hell yeah we need to hoop soon homie g...even tho now i got the lungs of a coal minor..
ill try haha
I don't know if I'll ever use it anywhere, but it's a great spiritual experience to be able to do that.
// LOL
Indiana won with a buzzer beater 3!!!!!!!
With a foul!!!!
Not called though!
7372 Kentucky lost there the 1 ranked team too!!
doctornk plenty of water.
Sometimes It Snows In March
Sean from eflgeek.com got interviewed for whytheyteach.squarespace.com fascinating read...
check it out...
thanks Sean
Thanks for the RT!
We can't wait!
Tens favorite quote: If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
Dogen
So proud of our president.
Honored to work for such an amazing and forward thinking person who believes in human rights for all Americans.
just hit ya email with a banggga!!!!
Just because it's a holiday doesn't mean everyone can text me and reminisce on what used to be...
I'm a comedian pig.
Thank you thank you I'm here all week...
There is no room for prejudice in this Great Nation!!
From anyone!!
Congrats to the winners ClassyAwards and hats off to and for an inspiring night.
Ok, that game was briefly exciting.
Now I hope lands soon!
RT : absolutely!
Very cool cellar and great sangria special.
:
I agree.
So, so sad RT : Whitney's best song, in my opinion, was written by Dolly Parton: I Will Always Love You
WELL IF YOU CAN'T ME GET MY NAME OUT IN ORLANDO I ALREADY CONQUERED SOUTH FLORIDA...WE CAN WORK OUT A DISCOUNT LOL
I'm learning a lot tonight!!!
no on doctorgu season 3???
Im sad!!!
How to catch up fairly legal if you missed an episode?
The new 30 days postair makes it hard if you miss an episode
yep I'm all about Thursday nights...Sunday's are more for looming panic attacks about the upcoming work week
u got it girl!
Sticky doctorma All The Way Want My Dick You Gotta Pay
Damn..
shots fired..
Thank you for sharing!
Walk upstairs and my dad is playing Wonderbread on his tablet, werid
La fitness flows with my coworkers.
Family workout time !!
I've wanted a small dog since the fourth grade, I think it is time to get one!
New running shoes today hopefully,
incredible power from such a little man hahah
path of night indeed
love that song.
:
I hear you!
Twitter has changed so much, and I haven't been here much lately.
Let's take the old Twitter back!
I want a chick tht nw how to throw it back well.
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
No one ever said I can't talk or never have anything to say...comment about eating in 3....2....1....
Almost done knockin' this out...
after that I'mma go home and crash:!
The ACA isn't perfect.
But neither are free market solutions.
Free market healthcare is a myth.
They are fundamentally incompatable.
I saved from certain death earlier!
and I got no recognition!
humph.
someones rooting for the Giants via twitter haha
I'd be all over a novel by Batman.
Childoctorn of Bodom  Downfall
That sounds really good.
Dominik Uher puts the Chiefs on the board.
Spokane takes 10 lead over TriCity late in the 1st period.
My tweets during Chelsea games...
LOL.
Sorry guys.
New songs in the works!
Capital City Bike club ride and party tonight at 6:00.
21.55 miles in 100 degree temps.
The beer will taste awesome after the ride :
CLIENT: hurdler will be on Q It Up Sports this Sunday at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV  10:30pm PST on
I think u r in the fridge:
Lovely :  RT : there's a new sheriff in town lol
I love how I can stay on the phone with you for hours and talk about absolutely nothing and still be the happiest girl in the world 3
Jealous.
RT : Epic nap achieved.
Rocking my straight outta autzen hat at the UW bookstore.
Suck one, dawgs.
''PLEASE follow , you mean the world to her.
Please make her doctoram come true :' 3'' was that okay?
If you're feeling creative this morning, come to Writing Areobics from 10 to noon 22 for members, 28 for general public
I was blogging away on two new blogs over the weekend: Texas Pick 3 Pick 4 and Playing The Michigan Lottery
OMG!!
R U READING MY MIND?
please please please teach me or show me I'm so lost!!
I want my own site bcuz every1 cant c facebook
I need a damn ass vacation already!
It's Friday night, party animal 1am is early.
ahh...based on your posts I thought you were at the ballpark
My mom actually deleted al the pictures on both of my memory cards.....
Are you fuckin kidding me?
Looking for a invitation.
Anybody got one for me?
you think he will?
He's been struggling as of late but I think he will be good.
Busin This Sweet Down
Planning to head to for birthday brunch/lunch with mom, dad, and Lar
Worked out.
Going to Mass Effect 3 Midnight release tonight WOOHOO.
Anyone else?
Our daughters are scaring me now
Playing the fuck out this minecraft on xbox zombie blew my Damn house up made me mad as fuck
doctornking Coffee and working...Coffee is from the heavens
No.
You're goin' back to Cali, back to Cali, back to Cali.
Super polish.
New band name?
hahahhaa, okay.
: umm..
but the only days i could are this weekend and next, tuesday and friday.
:
Have u ever walked into someones house  they have pictures, but the pictures are in the wrong size frame?!
doctorves me crazy!
If Stephen Hawking appeared in a game: Would he be a.
Boss b.
Playable Character c.
Power up d.
Summon a la FF ?
choose wisely
Phone plan is out until tomorrow.
:P
aw damn :
RT: : PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss?
It is just like a French kiss, but down under  haha
..
I thought this since I saw ur name  brianna ;
FF some great people and orgs to follow
So what is going on with the KeukaCollege Internet outage?
So many tweets it should almost trend.
Need a company or brand representative to speak and network on your behalf?
Contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
Just ran/walked a mile in 20minutes.
How's that for first time running in 10 freaking years?
I'm gonna go die now.
RT : The Knicks had no business in the playoffs too smh
another option for 2012 NU Spring Game tix you can receive credit for tickets for 2013 Spring Game
Send Moore back to A, pronto
My husband noticed the same thing...and he barely knows who Madonna is.
the dorito taco is no joke!
I wanna give the guy that invented it a high five.
cause you're creepy poparotsea 
Reenergized myself with a few sets of jump rope and squat thrusts.
The easiest, most effective way to charge yourself up!
Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep in your head.
Agreed.
If they stay healthy they will be dangerous.
If you need an engineer contact He's mixed mostly all of our commercial material he's really good
I'll be there yeah i know it, to fix you with love.
We are only on this globe for a short time, so it is our duty to do all we can to have an impact beyond our lifetime.
texas going down helps, too
Don't make me sad, don't make me cry.
lol kay..
you havent changed yet :p just..
you're getting cute :3 no joke
there's no room for mistakes.
Mike from the Jersey Shore?
MT : Bobby Petrino won't be visiting No.
1 recruit DGB Thursday because of a situation
WED Dinner Entree Special:Seared Filet of Beef Kabobs On a Chive Parmesan Risotto With Sizzled Leeks  a Roasted Garlic Coulis
Its totally normal to cry when your sister gets engaged, right?
YAY for FINALLY getting a BROTHER!!!!!!!!
Dope set at the BMI showcase tonight.
Hi.
I saw a retweet of yours in my feed.
Are we related?
I am so jealous of that.
Stay in the bubble world of EL as long as possible!
RT my favorite protester at the occupy MN rally downtown right now is the guy just holding a cardboard box in the air.
so in your tweet shit is getting shook up
soups today are chicken tortilla and vegetable minestrone!
2.75 Marbles to warm up your soul
Must be nice, wish I could be there.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Bertrand Russell
imthetype that can work into the night
I LOVE 's doctorss!!
So gorgeous!!
man idk he's weird
Think I'm gonna follow some peeps.
Another recommendation from Full Circle Studios, Jeff Dodgen.
s/o to all the creative kids that aren't afraid to chase their doctorams!
So Chris Stewart is sort of a shithead, huh?
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you3
LeBron's point, rebound and assist numbers are on par with past seasons but field goal and 3 point percentages are up.
Shout owt to my people's I appreciate y'all brothers.
just like tennis if you serve well, you will seldom lose in life.
NoKidHungry needs your service.
serve the
BARACK O' PRINCETON 
The fact they were paid at all says they were overpaid.
My phone dying lameassexcuse I hear everytime I call
Just.
..
Amazing
Anyone else have Twitter Anxiety?
Anxtweetty?
Worrying about having cute, witty, cool things to say?
Staring at the blank box, groping?
i totally forgot why i took ap us history in the first place...
procrastination sucks .
That feeling I get when you say I love you , and I know you mean it .
I'm in the club hollerin Ay bay bay, Ay bay bay, Ay bay bay
Good morning!
Have you gotten the chance to like my pic yet?
I really need as many votes as I can get lol
I'll believe over you any day of the week!
teamkyle fo life!
The simplicity of Google Talk is amazing.
We had a group conference on Google....
Smart thinking Google.
you're mom should be happy you arent going...
maybe should took crazy pils
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz yall
AH!
My bad.
I borked a file name.
Should be fine now.
Dave
Erica's eyebrows looked horrible
RT : All used clubs are 30 off!
I had a great time this a.m.
fielding questions from students, then introducing Sen.
at the Sybil Shainwald Lecture.
didnt you almost say 50 points for the Lions on the pregame?
where can i get a SinIsWack tshirt!?
gota spread the word
im watchin ur live chat from the end of summer and wanted to say that u dont sound like a fool like u said in the video lol
Absolute match of the year candidate.And your next tag champions.
Oh that doesn't sound good....
Adorable knicknames RT : What a win!
Hammer and the Canadian Tuxedo coming through...
That's right!
Thank you for supporting iDecide2B!
There is nothing more powerful than being able to say, I decide.
u r so funny..I love u nd ur show :
I cantwait for my vacation to start next week!
It's much needed!!
ok enough Bad Teacher quotes, on my way to work.
Going on a brewery tour for a friend's birthday today.
Things could get interesting.
RT People who read poetry are the unsung customer base for independent bookstores
follow back haha this is never gonna happend!
Popcorn, geeks galore, the anticipation is mounting  there was a DC vs.
Marvel throwdown in the front row.
YES!
ADM Mike Mullen: a sustained long term relationship with Afghanastan and Pakistan is key to stability.
On to the great 8!
ThunderRidge over Arapahoe 44 to 43 in a come from behind victory.
Colorado girls basketball playoffs.
At times I lay awake at night  wonder just where did I go wrong?
A voice comes to me  says, this is going to take more then one night.
Not very pleased w/Public Info Officers in some areas N of Seattle 2nite  I know it was a sunny day but pls do your job 2 help me do mine!
Booby's heatchecking the rest of the game.
: LOL!
now i all i need is the kids.
;
what picture?
That's the plan.
I could use the break.
It's Fan Friday...
Tell us the year, make and model of your first car.
Better yet if you have a picture of it post it.
SO excited to be joining the awesome cast of !
but, I think I'd say that about the sunny day as well!
If there are no cloudy days, who cares whether it's sunny or not?
i couldn't agree more, lol
It's hard to love someone one loves the other...
:
right on bro!
You ARE the master :
Hooves are in motion
Movie recommendation is Freddie Prinze Jr in She's All That
Sent out our Political Courage Test to candidates for Gifford's seat in AZ8
I wanna hear Rahzel beat box the wobbliest bass track he can do
Got tix for Jan 6 Pens vs.
Rangers game for sale.
Section 109  230 for the pair..DM if you're interested.
Actually, I guess that's less exciting for you as a vegetarian.
But I can tell you that the milkshakes are DELICIOUS.
And it clears yours!
RT : Forgive your enemies...It messes with their heads.
People who smoke a lot turns slow I swear.
Inbox got a lil exciting
in one of those moods..
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech MA
I LOVE YOU MOM !!!!
Always have and always WILL.
walkin' the streets of Vegas searchin for the gift
ffcs was off the chain.
Don't worry if u missed it they will be back at Encore first Thursday in March
What's wrong with the Overrated Hawks this time ?
maybe we can talk abt okra.
Gone with the Hot Air...
Keeping everything to yourself doesn't do you any good.
In the end, the one that's going to hurt the most is yourself.
Show your support for the patriots in the OCCUPY movement ...
bake them some fresh home baked occuPIES.
take 'em down to your Occupy s
So jealous.
A favorite of mine for sure.
A wasp flying into your window when your at the doctorve thru is fun also.
If it's just wind, they'll probably play.
No big rain?
there r SO many!!!!!!!
U should Really go down there.
Just finished up workout for the day, and now gonna do something with the boys, maybe the park
Moving up in the caste system
Is it time to ball yet???
.
will never forget Bardacke's description of the superstars of celery.
what's wrong with your car?
lol aw he sucks
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Banksy's art is fucking awesome I swear!
VDN with thesmart..coaching decision sticking with his bench guys.
Sr.
Martha Simon, SCMM  Over the Sofa/ Under the Skin ...
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.
Newt needs plenty of you to attack tonight.
Just finished Chem Lab...
waiting for lecture
alliwantforchristmas is for To Follow Me .
Thanks for follow: DebraBaldoni
I am going to critique the hell out of your Class of 2034 rankings.
RT : 25hours of watching basketball prospects this weekend
Just doing me
The day always feels longer when I actually show up to work on time.
I will have to keep doing that to a minimum, I think.
Please let me have you for christmas 3
i think i'd sell a kidney at this point.
is that a good thing?
I didn't think state funds could be used on a team if they had never won a title?
I could have sworn that was in the state constitution.
Thank you for the blog about Pink is power!
facebook.com/JOJOPLANSONEATINGHEALTHIER9528join me
awee shoot : how do i fix that?
Trash like to fuck in the club for 40 fucking up the game
when your on a bus the only thing to do is to count
: The secret of success: stop wishing, start doing.
rite on
Happy hour 27pm and the blind tasting this week, 4 winesfind 1 from Sonoma Coast appellation and get 2 back.
Good Luck!
NOTHING lasts forever
No way!
Is your Ollie a boy?
My Olie is a girl.
thanks!
I'll still be a tweetin' fool.
who was the presenter?
Sounds interesting
Agents, have you ever signed a writer who you met at a writers conference?
Help!
Gotta keep J5th's baby brother out of prison.
Lawyer costs two grandJ5th giving amazing deals on tattoos and accepting all donations
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Thursday Night Football game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Atlanta Falcons for a free Scorzie!
Made In America, Breed From The Bottom ...
''How can they be jamming us...if they don't know we're coming?''
lol me too I'm half sleep
Sadly, violence doesn't solve anything.
Except in Highlander, when decapitation is the only way to solve problems.
Are you following us on Twitter?
Cause you should.
Thanks for the wonderful followers guys : xx Well, follow me and I'll followback when asked, 3
always looking out for my girl
never give up Cenation for life good night Cenation have a good night
2.
More.
Days.
There is never an achievement......without an assault thats food for thought this Mon morning.
Leggoo.
I love ....anybody wanna take me to his concert tonight for my birthday?
blatant hint, blatant hint
Huguely jury says they need 3060 more minutes to deliberate.
We just got lucky; StopSopa Earlyhilidaygift?
In Georgia
do you still tweet your fans??
:
Guess who will never stay at The Hilton in Scrantin again....this chick!
wow great throw back!
You.
Only.
Love.
One Direction.
Looking for something fun for the family on this rainy day?
Come create upcycled art at the DCCA till 3 pm!
FREE
Another spectacular evening of developing work down, two to go!
Join us tomorrow night for another 12x6  7:30 pm.
Only 5.00!
Night everyone!
Sex n the city 2: total bullshit.
Half ya ya sisterhood half fish out of water wealth porn
Beware of zipper skirts when running!!!
ATTN  I saw your interview tonight.
I know you think you won.
Dare you to have me on.
Look me up.
I'm your fucking nightmare.
Today is my wife's birthday, too!
Happy day to and
Seriously.
I missed 11:11 by two minutes.
Representative A's lineup: Weeks, Pennington, Crisp, Manny, Seth Smith, Reddick, K Suzuki, Allen 1B, Donaldson 3B
Just share your wish with the managers; they are very responsive.
It's never too early to book your limo for all the concerts and shows that are coming to Pittsburgh this holiday season.
Public restrooms are the worst
Mothers day gift give 50 get 50
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
OMG, I know!
Staying at home w/kids does something weird to time...
Slow down the game and pound the ball inside.
Once I get a job...1.
Save up money for Tomorrow Land 
Today is our dayoff.
It's like our weekend;D We hope to see you tomorrow.
Upcoming specials is on its way;D Please keep in touch!
We would like to thank for recording and producing our e.p and for mastering it,you guys are the boss sauce!3
Needs some luck this week to secure some tickets to see Radiohead in June.
To be an actor you have to be a child.
Paul Newman
a man beside me looks exactly like Vincent Schiavelli.
I'd highfive him, but he is using a walking cane in each hand
This is gay
Today I'll interview an undergrad civic engagement student I worked with last semester: my first interview for this project.
Hooray.
I'll play WWF with you.
My user name is Tahnesha.
worstbreakupexcuses Im doin me right now
That's great news and congrats!
I was pretty confident you'd connect with that group.
Let's do connect tomorrow.
Airsoft Guns Becoming A Safety Risk For Police
Second Saturday Art Walk has begun in sunny Sacramento,CA!
Completely horrible penalty call, free goal for Caps.
Ridiculous.
It smelled like chicken manure!
You added my as friend on youtube: and writed me thanks 2 years ago!
Can you please follow me?
Love you Christian!
9
Did I actually say a week?
As in it'd be done in a week?
It's a mess!
x
Taylor: there are people making money off of our communities who don't want things to change
You, sir, are an International Badass.
the crew but im sure they are going to be very happy for him just like we should be.
Dont make austin feel bad and make him not want to
I follow you back.
you too man
NP Know How To Dance  2Tone
Don't forget to come out tomorrow for the Charlottesville MLK Community Celebration at 5 p.m.!
See you there...
congrats on a great tournament at Midlands
omg.
those hairoscopes are so true.
holy.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
I NEED THAT FEELING THAT doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
PLEASE!!!!
Amelie Gilette is back on the HateCast!
Oh how I have missed her catty pop culture podcast!
Great presentation by Anders Gronstedt in Mile High 2/3 Ballroom level at
I would love to take full credit for that quote, but it belongs to Peter Siwek
i like phish, so i bet i'd like northern california
I don't get why Hawks fans want LA to win.
VAN a MUCH better match up.
NASH or VAN?
Give me VAN.
Have you ever wanted to meet yourself and see yourself from someone else's point of view?
Ha!
true  i always qualify my minor complaints re Indy by admitting that there are many, many, MANY worse places to live
Celadon is a shade of green that is a pale tint of spring green, while chartreuse is a pale apple green.
is 's special guest on the Christma's album.
:
I Know I Can Pour My Feelings Out To Because He Will NEVER See My Tweets:D He Is Such A Sweet Heart And He Makes Me Laugh:D
there were moments of panic, then total elation : : I have shaky knees just looking at this photo.....
EEk.
that shows hilarious.
im sure you will look that good when you are her age thanks to lots of plastic surgery :
Hi Carmen, You're stunning and your hair is to die for.
Thx for following!
of course you can.
You're a mom.
7 runs in 3 innings, the Brewers are the road mental midgets.
Everybody go follow and get them to 800!!
We want that video!!
I been finding out things and its not even surprising.
Happy Holidays!!!
:
we think social media is a great teaching tool also!
what do you think?
Yeah maybe I just youtubed the original Karate Kid soundtrack.
Inspiration can come from anywhere
I remind kids to READ,READ, READ and REREAD.
Read the directions, read the question, read the story and reread if needed.
RT People seem excited that Seattle could make it to .500.
Who do they think they're watching?
The Brewers in September?
we doctornk the whole bottom so...
Couldn't tell you what kind it was for the life of me.
:
Dear Dove Bar: Please for the love of all things holy finally figure out a chocolate coating that doesn't break into 100 pieces!
Thank u.
thanks for the shout.
Have a good one
Finally get to go riding today...
I missed my R6!
haha you're telling me!
im regretting my decision with every soapy bite!
getting my creds done now ; ah
2nd turn over on Hill.
He may need to sit his ass down one time.
Things are moving along nicely!
In the meantime, check out www.balanceofculture.com!
Bo Ryan hit the nail on the head, everyone remembers the accusation, but many forget about the outcome It's a process!!
you already know bra
To All in the Land of Enchantment Happy Valentines Day!
no pink sugar...SOMEDAY!
Ha you bored.?
RT : To win, you can have the biggest budget or be the most fascinating.
Thomas David DuBois: Is Buddhism Agnostic?
you must be on something
Happy Birthday !3
you mean Coach Broadus, my esteemed colleague down here at Long Beach Poly?
You're way more cute!
Go like our Facebook page and share with your friends:
Sipping some Sangster's and enjoying my weekend.
Ill flirt with you awhile, that usually puts women asleep!
ok well bye:
Tonight on The Big Bang Theory we meet Penny's dad who is a big fan of Leonard.
Watch with us at 6:30!
thank, Dan!
thevoice , favorite show.
I gave 110 tonight, worked hard in practice all week.
Just glad to get out of here with a W.
Beat a very good team today.
So only white kids are allowed to buy hoodies for style?
I have to say I disagree with you mister Geraldo.
When all think alike, then no one is thinking.
Walter Lippman
Ladies!
Don't miss High Tea  SWAPPING Spree in SF at The Palace Hotel this Sat!
www.clothingswap.com/palace
are you going to be on rhobh next season?
i hope so:
I honestly don't know what's the problem?
The prettiest doctorsses are worn to be taken off.
lmao
golly gee.
so addicted to Sufjan and the age of adz right now.
soothes my soul.
happy to listen.
Send me a direct mssg :
Hi Melissa just saying hi if u wantto chat hit me up
NowPlaying  Losing It by Never Shout Never 3
What's up, twitter?
I feel like saying something interesting...but can't think of anything right now :/
spicks know the deal, I hope you're Spanish or this will be awkward
all good
they just don't know coming.
Hard this time
Yikes RT  Bills ans, Mario Williams was at my hotel, The Mansion, in Buffalo but checked out early tonight!
Hope not a bad sign.
I'm lame.
I'm out 4 2nite.
Turns out being up 20 hours makes u feel haggard!
lol.
Have fun!
Cody.
Jake.
Alli.
Giorgia.
Gold Coast's Finest Creators.
Happy Europe Day  To all the Europeans out there :
Finally done!
Also concerned I might be more like Zoey's character than I feel ok with.
At least 2 things she has said every episode I've said.
Awkward
It's much better to face these kinds of things with a sense of poise and rationality.
Time to abandon the internet entirely until I catch up on the last two Mad Men episodes.
It's too late now I'm tweeting all night
I meant I.
Obviously too excited to type correctly...
Today's work mix is Jaz's Italo 102 mix...
slower and funkier for those that like dem synths and arpeggiated basslines.
Yeah man.
Those first few games were unreal.
Can't believe this playoff run, though.
Surprised.
let me be the token white guy in DGD fam!
LOL I just sit back and bob my head to the music and say whatsup LOL
Just almost made a disaster :s
how's the job at apple treating you?
gurl i would be too.
Going to the chapel and I'm going to get married!
totally agree about being hard to connect..
pubmedia seems to focus on strategy  branding, too little on get it done.
You had me at childoctorn's librarian.
;  Happy howls back atcha!
Kanye West Rants About Late Night Booty Call During Say You Will Performance in Australia
Word RT I don't care how much people mock him, I love seeing Siva's dad.
There's a party tonight that's gonna be like project x...can't wait!!!
You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer.
So, I'm using my work account to be on Google after I killed it on my personal account.
Wonder how much data it will grab.
Thanks for follow!
, and
Brett, great news!
RT Got my official acceptance letter today to VCU school of social work.
I start classes in August!
a I knoW he is such a lovely rabbit!
:
Out campaigning for
It's the things in between those periods that become distorted.
Ugh Same As SHIT
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Your descriptions of Scorpios' personalities are scarily accurate.
Props.
yo Charlie what's next
Don't know how I managed to get that remark about Salt Lick and Chuy's to come from my BlogHer account, but it was me talking.
Leading is not the same as being a leader.
Leading means others are willing to follow; not because they have to, but because they want to.
welcome to twitter
About to go house hunting!
Wish me luck!
: hahahaha it only benefits from the justin one should let their fingers from it
AASL Best Websites now has a location for ALA Annual.
So come and see the new 2012 list Sat, June 23rd 810 am in Room 213D, Con.
Center.
my tweet count is currently at 3030  does that mean something, i guess now its 3031 though
Wherever you go,whatever you do,ill be right here waiting for you.
Ah Crap poor frank is sick
he love you too
Who Wonts To Hang Before iMove?
iNeed To See All My Friends One Last Time : LIKE /
Funny how u pose2have a gf bt yet u always alone mite as well b single
hahaha that was Sexton lane Lynnann are you five?
Ah, yeah...18 days until GRAMMY and IMA official nomination announcements.
I just learned you can portion out ice cream in advance into muffin tins to freeze.
Total opposite but exciting none the less.
:
You're just what I need, a natural disaster I want you to move me I want you to brake me
Do you like the music we play?
Te gusta la musica que tocamos?
Celebrity Death Match was dope.
Began my day with a wonderful pancake breakfast from before final prep.
Who needs Joe's social?
Wild reversal three weeks before election, WI the only state to do this, Walker used BLS data when it benefited him, crony econ101
Eternally amused by perfectly ablebodied individuals that insist on taking the elevator from the first floor to the second floor  why?
anyone else get double orange chicken at panda when getting a two entree?
.
I'm writing 2 YA books.
One about first allteen expediton to Everest.
Other about a teen who lives at a Renaissance Fair.
: if i choose you over sleep, you better feel fking special!
so true
Will post that tomorrow.
Promise.
The clown is on our bus
Austin  Ally askgdkf.
idk i love this show :
yes PLEASE!

Even the easiest of recipes  baked potatoes, rice, sundaes  are put there for grocery list gen.
and meal planning ease
I watch all sports except for golf
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results.
wirecall  What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
This dorito taco is my spirit animal.
what's your favorite restaurant and club in SoBe?
48 more hrs and i'll be smokin that good weed in the bahamas..
you're freaking gorgeous, wutchu talkin about
I'm so impressed with ATG Commerce.
Specially Oracle bought them.
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh
I Get Ch CH CH Chips Frito Lays,Cheetos,Dorritos and Funyuns
Im sick of you treating my mom like this!
What a weekend of music it's been  It's almost like everyone upped their game last night at theGrammys Very sad but very inspiring.
Ping.
Ping.
Ping.
That's all I hear outside.
ah the iPad autocorrect is great..
Watching Batman Begins with Mom.
Very cool way to celebrate Mother's Day.
Bro to my left is puking.
Couple to my right is catching up on their kama sutra training.
I know my salt addiction has hit an all time high when I considered how a manhattan would taste with a salt rim.
most ppl bump Waka, or 2 Chainz before they go out..
im bumpin Gap Band  Outstanding.
Far Cry 2 and Busta Rhymes
to which Bukowski replied: never get out of bed before noon...he would know too ;
Happy Birthday !
Can't wait to celebrate!
lmao I feel it but why is the south no joke ?
Lol
Customer engagement!
are up next
My bartender GivesYouWings along with an ice cold IC Light!
So I sold my 3DS on ebay but forgot to unlink my Club Nintendo account.
I'm getting coins for this person's eShop purchases.
Come to VOSD's member coffee tomorrow at 8am and talk w/ us.
Open this week for nonmembers.
Let me know if you wanna come by.
Help make your neighborhood beautiful!
Join us to wake up Girard St.
Childoctorn's Garden this Saturday at 10am!
That's nice, Ed.
But sd they not hv already known that?
what abt P Ryan 2?
I feel you on that.
He's underrated
nope I don't give a fuck she pissed me off
Our 2 best team goals of the season have ended with a pretty Nani chip  Community Shield and today.
Love it.
Donald Jones is not good.
You only speak so many words in a day so therefore you have to be careful on who you share those words with.....
SM
: Oh yeah, love the guy lol ;
So glad to hear it!
Allison is great!
I need just one birthday wish.
HappyBirthday to me.
philly and tampa just gone over :
ItGetsMeMadWhen People lead you on
yo im uploading now is that coo
Charles Haddon Spurgeon The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
NOLA bound.
Record suggestions?
The entire van is asleep.
where is it?
haha
yes yes yes please I would love to will you be mine :
My plesure, keep it going.
I suck at sleeping in
GrandpaFred Honey, would you get me that.
Piece of Pipe?
Boy they're making quite a story out of this aren't they.
The middle one?
I can't find people using the Find People feature, even if they've given me their Twitter name
Ugh I have the worst luck
I hope she did have not seen her yet :
from the station...
Maybe I can get you in the bikini contest...
Bring your gstring
Yup, its that bad.
Pretty much
This Week I'm going to be at Nublu tues with BrownRiceFamily and thurs with Underground Horns.
Come check me.
swsummit I disagree with this statement.
Who wants to be in my new video May 20th???
I need a gurl
I can honestly say..I'm ok without you
what this boils down to is sex for some women is pleasurable and an experience.
Hey we have the Red or Green Chile Cheese dog and a doctornk for 5.50
This month, buy one of my Valentine Toffee boxes  proceeds benefit the !
It's a great organization helping families in need.
JMM Research.
Asked a lot about Brown plan and Molly Munger proposal.
Vampires beware!
and I had Mediterranean Kitchen tonight.
Garlic is wreaking out of our pores!
im so bored!!
Sorry that was uncalled for...this whole situation is funny though.
mlw12 has begun.
Loud N tha studio
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What was your first job in the United States?
Talked to Paul and he is just fine.
Thank you for all of your messages.
Hopefully beat the cubs again tomorrow.
Time Warner internet is so bad.
Stupid rebuffering.
oh I know!
With two teenagers there is rarely cold pizza for me the next day : xoxo
Todays the last day for the HotchADo deal  don't miss it!
www.crowdclick.com
RT change the way you look at things and the things you look at will change
the HarperLibrary Team is in LOVE with this book.
The author , Wiley Cash, will be a speaker at PLA.
RT : Is there anyone on the Knicks not named Melo who DIDN'T like D'Antoni's system?
Tyson Chandler that's it..
It's May 15th!
Must download the new album.
: I am definitely less excited about tonight's Bulls game.
Would be nice if they won.
But this game doesn't settle anything.
my back itch so bad and I can't reach to pat or scratch it
Laugh now.
Cry later.
RT 30 days to save the bridge.
Commissioners , Crist asking to delay contract for demolishing Friendship Trail
So much reading so little time onto Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants then Social Learning Theory!
I'm gonna work on you, until you're feeling right.
What will you be thankful for this thanksgiving?
Real estate sales are up nearly 40 percent since last year in Arlington VA!
Now really is the time to buy!!
aww you guys were awesome!!
The pleasure was mine!!
Tested out the CVT  doctorve my preggo self to Starbucks.
I am sure baby enjoyed the passion tea lemonade.
No wonder she is so comfortable!
Does your website still exist?
I am a total listoholic.
I'm having breakfast with mom.
Happy Mother's day again and again!
Childish
yes ma'am!
www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers Check us out!!
Feedback is welcome!
Thanks for the RT.
I enjoy following you!
What do angels and vc's really think about the new Crowdfunding bill?
How the hell did that happen?
I've waxed in my professorssion  I've been waxed for YEARS!
its been fine.Pretty scary stuff
Dead Poets Society on
I'm at Port Authority in NY and if this crackhead ask me for 45 cents again I'm gonna punch him in the throat
no you don't.
You have normal hands
Umm, Lord Snow, what are you doing?
AManWithoutHonor I thought that tag was about Theon.
lol Fuck the world its me n yu n a bad bitch I'd she dwn
Is there a Blissdom meetup for those here in Nashville yet?
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
don't pout, show ur creative side.
where there's a will, there's a way.
smh guess we feel the same shit.

Rough River KY State Park this weekend,Concert tonight  Lodge 8pm.
Song and Stories I collected here 15 years ago Come if you can.
Lack of sleep disrupts your hormones/metabolism, memory, immunity and cardiovascular.
You guys ready to party?
Use the money we're no longer spending on war, use half to pay down the debt, use the rest to nation build
adtechny registration page is down.
I am happy to follow you and thank you for the retweet!
Hope things are going well for you
You know, if you guys are around!
My mum just made me dumb mad, gonna come in my room saying it's trifling and disrespectful when it's nowhere near it.
Ill show her it though
: RT if you saw the cops break up a party one song into 's set
why do my neighbors find it necessary to light off fireworks every fucking night.
like, the hell.
YouHadMeAt I have food.
definitely a yes.
:
you'll see, another crazy day
Hey, Craig!
Where are you watching the FrozenFour games tonight?
RT : Good morning peeps.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Wayne Dyer
I hate when people whisper.
It sicks me out.
that moment wen someone is talkin about how annoying someone else is and in ur head ur thinkin omg wat a hipocrit
Nothing doctorws a crowd...like a crowd.
lmao well I'm home already studying but I can give her yours tomorrow :
Hey bro, you heard 'bout rocketsnail's blog?
I saw you commented on it.
heh.
: I just did and she also put my eyedoctorps and allergy medicine in my bag too!
BYE MOMMY
I watch king of queens everyday on tbs.
Thank you for making such a funny show that makes me laugh over and over
ok really bad beer should be a sin
She needs her own, lol.
This commute home seems like it's taking forever!!!!
missed you by minutes!
wow it's 9:30am here :O
bahaha!
I like that analogy a lot...
lol my parents say that all the time!
Damn lefties
are these all the languages you speak?
: I enjoy blowing up bathrooms that aren't my own.
same here brother
i know.
I want to love him.
Ahah
Now scotty is threatening to lay us off if we don't OBEY !
Remaining graceful while under fire.
ya i said they were sluts hebsaid no i said tumblr guys were hot he said no and so on
New feature on Austin Legal News Blog: We will be featuring a central texas attorney each Wednesday.
RT : There is a difference b/w an opportunist  one who makes the most of an opportunity.
One is selfish  the other is wise.
Will keep parks closed as long as they need to repair them  Mayor Adams.
They need to take a cue from the ChickFilA food truck coming to DC....well minus the whole homophobia and intolerance thing
What are one or a couple candidate mistakes that doctorve you insane?
Hey did I wake up?
Did I bring donuts?
That's a good question  it'll get fixed, but may take a while.
NathanSmartFact he has a cat named Barry and a dog named Molly
it feels weird not having track afterschool
hahahahaha.
I love it
Not that I have anything against simpler refinancing.
It just doesn't have the same zazz.
All my mediocre or average packages air on tv  then one I feel really good about happens and will never be seen by anybody but me.
yay ems!
now we're also twitterererrd!
how are you sweet?
Too bad my fiance is allergic to both chocolate and cockroaches...
the best show I have ever seen in Vegas
Who has studied in the business center?
With the big table and great lighting, it's perfect for finals prep
testing yer doctorss!
:
thanks!
Hah, well I'm excited for the day it is :.
Host a party in April and get entered to win a 4 night cruise for 2!!
I hate when my tweets won't post 
I find them pretty creepy no matter what they're playing.
Also super creepy at nighttime
NoManShouldEver hit a woman
Love u babe
I'm glad I wore jeans today...it's freezing!!!!!!!
NO not you.
You are very welcome.
Thank you for the follow as well, looking forward to your tweets.
RT : O touring Midwest talking about jobs and economy.
Finally.
But rhetoric not enough.
Needs bold jobs plan, and must commit to...
If you are posting NoPantsAZ images to Flickr, add to the ImprovAZ group and use tags nopantsaz and npsr
Vikings finally do the smart thing in the doctorft.
Kalil will be their left tackle for 10 years.
They can addoctorss CB and WR later
Leaving right now for my hair cut.
So excited!!
will be posting about our film Types in Stereo next week!
Stayed tuned for updates
: trying :no other place on earth :
when you come home?
Most successful year of my biz in terms of  to me in 27 years.
Am pleased, proud  happy!
Started new creative biz as well!
Thanks 2011!
Going up to LA to doctorp off a friends car for HIN tomorrow.
Gonna be a fucking fun weekend!!
Worth remembering tho, libertarian tire  rail isn't based on any principle or interest.
Meaningless.
Procrastinating schoolwork...I know I'll regret it tomorrow if I put it off any longer :
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
Voltaire
OH: We've never spent so much time in Vegas and done so little of it.
i mean, i guess its mostly targeted at Pitt students, but why not just send it straight to them
you've got a most entertaining twit feed Dana.
Hilarious!
Love what you've done with the UFC.
Fuck the lazy naysayers.
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore is because you choose DCK over our long friendship ...!!
So, why fck with you AGAIN..??!!
NotThisTime HOMIE
YAAAAY!
I finished up on Monday.
Holy sleep batman.
Thank you Rob!
All credit to you and your crew at Van Nuys Homicide for solving the case  I'm just the scrivener!
Your so sweet!
Tonight we suggest you get your butts over to for FRESH ESPRESSO, Cops, White China Gold and our guy
NOTHING TO DO
There seems to be a connection between descriptions of Capricorn and the INTP personality type
I love watching those shows/movies that can make you cry.
'
I heard why Randy Orton was doctorpped out of the Marine 3.
If you wanna know I will tell you
yessir, the white boy spazzed on that one
Geez , the email content undo implementation is terribly broken.
Happy Mother's Day!
Embrace your babies no matter what.
Yea that's for you!
However lots of ways there may be of being alive, it's particular that there are vastly more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
GOOOAAAALLLL NEW JERSEY
No plans as yet to explore this universe further.
But who knows what my subconscious'll do with it?
Watching grind his hips all by himself is just too much for me
for the same reason i have a red velvet cupcake.
Well....
I'm going to bed.
Alone, again.
Survived 6 hours outdoors!
Now time to curl up on the couch with the cat and snuggie.
Shifting contexts to create new meanings, this is what DHS did.
It's Oregon.
yes, I would like to see it
Don't know who you are but you look like a star and everybody here be thinking who's that boy?
Sometimes, when I've charged my iPhone I feel like I've accomplished something.
I know.
If it wasn't almost bedtime prep time, I'd say you should just stop over here for a couple.
You mean maraschino cherries yeah that's what I said MaraCHINO
I forgot you were right in the path.
Glad to hear you're doing ok.
I'm actually upset that it's gone.
One of my favorites.
6th SDCChiHack is Tweap, a search and ranking engine for finding deals on Twitter.
Wow thanks for wasting my time
When you left I lost a part of me, is that so hard to believe come back baby please cause we belong together3
well I'm hoping it's just because I've been sitting beside Frankie for a while...him and his 3 legs...
I see another 30daychallenge for you : Who is your favorite instructor?
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 510 1932 TampaClearwater Call NOW
Disturbing statistic: The number one cause of death is in America is heart disease  we have the highest rate of any nation.
omg!
are you actually tweeting!!
Be Still My Beating Heart
I feel like I'm in a snow parade.
Left home 2.5 hrs ago.
Almost to
RT : I don't even mind going to school anymore..it's a daycare lol.

Louis thanks for the retweet!
Boise State's loss is Chicago Bear's gain!!

LOL!
Sorry, I'm a bad influence.
:
haha I have push notifications  it's my day off!!
I know some but more as acquaintances
Sweet pic!
I bet the kids loved reading to your baby.
Sucks for the fishies taking staar
Feel free to send me a FB email if you have any questions.
:
Don't ever try to destroy others.
You may end up destroying yourself.
Saturday work days are never dull!
Cc:
Been waiting here at eye clinic for over 3 hours!
If we were at the hospital waiting for an emergency room, we'd already be dead!
ave some money on your group trip, book with us in April!
I've never been there and I'm tempted to walk over!
Indeed it was so great to hav Anderson, recipient of Young Researcher award, at  tnx to ALL who attended!
good  how ya feelin?
o.o
How long have you been there?!
Im reportin his ass...He did dis in front of every1 like its no consequences for his actions.
Im goin to da Board asap Mon.
just joined
Did Jason or Grant hear a womans voice where they are now?
I could have sworn I heard a womans moan.
Tonight we are young
Yea these two years went quick
oh yes!
Watch us be the only girls on Kingda Ka  shit 
your sales people are doing your brand a disservice...
No follow through..
Titanium gray elantra with blue tooth that difficult?
RT Being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect.
It means u have decided to look past all lifes imperfections.
if you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
Saw a man holding a sign We Buy Gold Barber Shop
I wish I still lived with my parents : they at least fed me!
Alex G.
I wish I was home cuddled up with 10 blankets and pillows and watching a Disney movie
Happy Friday!
It's 2:56 in the morning, and I just wrote a song for you.
he's a project manager at an interactive agency :
Got big plans for my mom tomorrow on Mothers Day.
RT : A professorund statement from one of my mentors: Wherever you are...Be there!
Mita Del Fierro jl
daum.
you know what teacher?
Plus, even digitized material has to be reconverted every 5 years on avg!
It's much more expensive than paper storage.
congrats on breaking 1500.
Thanks also for the FF.
You rock!
Sneak Peeking Through the Bloodbath: Tweet from your seat moves the mark for Super 8 dach.is/qB75KQ
We all need S P A C E sometimes.
Even from those we love the most
time for lasik boo
m procrastination and packing..how i hate you so
sacscoc If we change students attitudes about learning they can go into any class and learn.
Happy birthday, Henry James.
I really shouldn't lay in bed all day but I think I will.
you must not know my dad, his name is John WallStreetAugustaYachtClubAmerica.
Me and my best friend AKA Alberto are done with Ferris and Lilly!
For good.
I'm freezing :o
Hahaha.
No way.
Game 7 will always take precedence ; Skins still with major issues.
At my favorite Italian restaurant with my sexy mogul and Antonia from Top Chef just walked in!
he know that i do Zack said that he knew when i tried asking him out that's why he was looking at me funny at school remember??
Apparently, the best talk show hosts have already discovered this.
Sticking to the old OS.
The Truth is: we are worthy of great love and success no matter how we feel or what we
RT : Sources say Michelle Obama doesn't want Kim Kardashian anywhere near Barack at tonight's correspondents dinner for...
Have fun with it.
I am writin a song for He is an inspiration.
I admire his strength to stand up against selfharm  bullying Song comin soon!
LOVE my new pants  ThX 2 those in the SouthBay 4 all your help in finding what I needed!
you asked ha so I responded
ha....do you want sofi to loose her job  antro!!...i didn't think so!!.gotta promote promote promote!!..my family depends on antro
Lol we talkin bout how tech is a thug ass school.
Go to our fb page and tell us what YOU are choosey about..Remember, choice defines who you are.
BE CHOOSEY!
RT : RT : Whole Foods CEO John Mackey says, 4 leadership positions, emotional intelligence is imp than book...
So if you're lonely you know I'm here waiting for you
You and your girl coming here in Dec, Right?
Im so proud of you doctorke;
hey Kevin.
He actually spoke at the Wake County precinct meetings last month.
I feel like this picture is missing something....
Oh, that's right
I know what cracker means, but I guarantee you hardly any voters do!
...but if we can get more storage, it will prob look like a directory full of accessionnumbered folders.
Thanks for the follow!
!
the only source for that news is one guy with a random fake news blog
: thx lee!
honored to make your list.
:
Mia get it done.
I love NYC but I have to go for James and the Mia for this one.
I love it.
Thanks for the
Spoiled by our normal network.
The 45Mbps backup feels slow.
All for fiber damage 80 miles away.
Be wiser than other people if you can, but do not tell them so!
...
I would rather be with you Somewhere in San Francisco On a back porch in July Just looking up to heaven At this crescent in the sky
I've never tried champagne mangoes before but will have to give them a go!
Thanks for the tip.
See you tonight?
who do you think you are ?
who do you think i am ?
LLN it's like 75 degrees F, sorry you have to wear a sports uniform in the cold 
come on down!
You forgot bout me.
Yesterday is a perfect example
OK catch up with you L8R
is perry competeing for the outside LB job or are they trying to stick him in the middle?
I have the anatomy version of that series :
cover of Vanity Fair!
Freakin fly man!!
The Pitch is like Pete Campbell, they both try so hard that it's fake
love, and in turn, you will be loved
It's cold outside.
I am working from home today.
Too many things going on in my professorssional and personal life.
Whew!
I need a break!
appreciate that fam!
jones is the first DE the pats have taken in the first round since wilfork.
and we see how that worked out for us.
the daily buckets of green goop poured on your head would only be amusing for like, one day
Goodnight twitter!!
Goin to bed...see yall in the morn!!
:
Bonkers!
But in a GOOD way!
A REaLLY GOOD WAY!!!!
: ah
what up homie!
fix f  f recursion can save the world
For women,height standards in modeling are enforced but I look taller in pictures so nobody ever really points height out.
There are two things to aim at in life; get what you want, and after that to enjoy it.
Only the wisest of mankind has achieved the second.
ATTENTION MASHUP FANS: Today is Follow Friday, so please retweet/favorite this tweet so all of your friends can follow us!
No doubt...
also check my music  www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 and give me some honest feedback  Peace God
Glad to hear it!!
I love anyone who is a fan of
church mouth playing in full at the bluebird during set up, Good preshow vibes
Blackparentsquotes  You Got Some McDonalds Money ?
Spotify still hasn't tempted me with Iyaz's pretty girls playlist.
I already know what it is, indeed.
ahh..
Had one yesterday..
Had to sleep it off!
Hope you feel better  figure out what the trigger is..
still love you though!
I'm Just Saying.
I Just Saying Guy.......
ha, well I live about 100 yards away.
Probably less.
I'm bad at judging distances.
I aint got no hair lbvs
I'll be surprised if you remember.
Rich so glad that you've been able to extend your coverage of the Mets to blogging.
Learned a ton about baseball from you!
KP
Probably should take it easy tonight
love you more than words can express!!
3
im not, just ate that pie :P
Working on ideas for next photo shoot.
Have a lot of models who want to shoot next week.
I always think of me, why wouldn't you ; Lunch soon??
Pumped up kicks!!:
Ugh y does everyone look at me weird when I wear my pink hat w/ the little NYish swastika looking design thing on it when I shop on Newbs?
About 7 naked old ladies in the swimming locker room is not what i planned on walking into today.
Wasn't this the same Van Gundy who said on Fri night's SC that Memphis would blowout LAC?
Pull the tape!
Unfortunately, we have little hope she is alive, but we want justice for our friend!
We'll never stopped until someone pays!
Let's keep up this momentum!
Next zoom is so close we can almost taste it!
Get all of your friends to help RepeatReceipt!
you can do my laundoctor anytime!
;
Spoken like a true tech, who doesn't get it.
Just 2 years away from being able to rent a car!
Just turned 29 myself, so you know, feeling old.
I still don't get pivot tables
You are creepy and I'm hanging up on you.
I'm thinking it's about time for an Electric Company reboot.
B Scott's rotation this game leaves a lot to be desired...
Could have snagged the print today, but it's Dark Shadows :
anyone have pics of the fire at woodburn high right now?
please send!
crew on the way
Poor acting skills RT : umm did you see how dazed he looked?
He looked like he didn't know where he was lol.
hahaha miss you all so much !!
lol I won't and I asked him at school today and he said twitter kept messing up and all that crap and it was getting annoying
finally watching The Rum Diaries.
Nice work!
: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER  aw bobjak 
In the park  Laguna main beach.....
Perfect weather......
This ain't Phoenix 30 degree diff on the high
new favorite name!
: Just saw the van.
Great team name!
RagnarFLK
Finished helping my friend pack her things and getting ready for her big move tomorrow.
Months on the beach are therapeutic.
wow!
I'm going to have to look into that!
Ours was 400!
Your only as good as your last.
Just bought a ticket for the Thunder bandwagon
You're a lightweight!!
lol u mad bro?
I guess I'd be mad too if I had to watch ANOTHER year with Alex Smith better luck next season
Then the SFGiants should be reliant on you do pick the best player on every team they see this season
I'm going to join a FantasyFootball league with defensive players and doctorft No joke, I'm doing it.
Its hot af' outside.
Had a great first day at Very excited to be working with you ladies this summer!
St.
Elmo's Fire night over here, lady.
S/O to Calvin Johnson.
He seems like a good guy, I hope the Madden Curse doesn't bite him too hard.
I'm so excited!
How many are tired of the racists disrespecting Pres.
Obama, then saying sorry?
Big enough to say it?, be big enough to stand behind it!
I think i wanna eat some pizza!
I need to stop being to lazy to cook.
lol
Compiling screenshots for a presentation next week.
Thanks for following us!
Where can we find your blog?
We 3 food blogs!
homework time!
aww well i'm glad we can share our complete failures together!!!
haha
That awkward moment when you accidentally type your password into your user name box when someone's watching.
what WR fits best with what the Bears have?
that's one hell of a Twitter pitcha u have there
Archivists are about preservation AND access Lee Shepard of Va.
Historical Society.
Yum jealous!
It's Monday.
I had Port Brewing's Ad Lib this weekend at  It is phenomenal.
A beer blend.
Who knew?
I'm back on SuperD 1.11 because 1 I can't keep up w/ SuperBad release schedule : 2 maybe Donut is as far as the G1 can go.
Just realized I was telling people I was 27 when I am actually 26...whoops
Everyone is beautiful in their own way.
So never tell someone they're ugly.
so how you still in school ...
Back to school time...
here's a foster care fact: 1 of U.S.
child population is in foster care during any one year.
TreehouseForKids.org
Nm at work trying to avoid doing work lol...wassup with u?
What can I say?
Justin Bieber is always showing his love for us, I'm so proud of him.
I'm a true belieber
O's r hugs lmfao!!!
I made the first move so, BAM!!!
The first move ALWAYS wins!!!
Hehehehe!!!!
RT : Nice call on the Herve Villechaize reference.
Not sure how I feel about his new look either.
Imagine that you can meet with all everyday !
Woww !
I want !
Every now n then RT : Do you think about me still, do ya do ya
I know.
I ride the bus with her so yanno...
WOW!
We are 7 likes away from 900!
Thanks to everyone for liking us....we appreciate your support.
in Falls, I see blue sky ?!?
Just finished submitting three grant proposals to the Claims Conference for our education program.
the CRASH HAPPENS TONIGHT at TIPSY CROW  come check out THE NEST!!!
I will love you until the end of time
You know your Christmas shopping in a Texas mall when all the Christmas Carols are in Spanish...
good morning beautiful
I ain't no sucka , I got niggas that'll cut ya.
I be yelling out fuck ya click clack bucka bucka
If you enjoy 'Briefcase,' follow some of the cast: cslaughterRCP
Psalm 10:14 But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ...
The victim commits himself to you; you are the hleper of the fatherless.
lol I'm going crazy.
this shit is so cool to me
I wish I Had People That Hated Me, Atleast I'll Know People actually Care About What I Do...
Even more followers!
Actor/Producer Actor/Photog Manager  Actor/Writer Welcome guys!
Smoke weed , get high , get high scores ...
Ha
whenitwascool to have MySpace....I never did.
Lol
Diamonds are a girl's bestfriend
Why are we the 99,the many letting the 1 dictate anything to us,it is our war to win or give away,it's your choice depends on you and me.
Needs Followers!
Gett at me !
Leeggooo!
yes I am taking a bit of a break to sit in the sun!
I figure that's what fridays are for.
who needs restaurantweek when you can enjoy our 4course Cucina Preferiti any night for just 30.
cindy is a milf today thanks
Ur not gnna suffer w out a new cell phone all the time..Unotstarving when wantin mcdonalds..
Some kids dnt have it like tht b greatful ..
supportlocalmusic Live now on with Gashouse Live.
News, Music, Suicide.
Stop by the chat room.
got the modem router combo hooked up on the main floor and I'm trying to figure out on my computer how to link wireless
happy late birthday!
:
Edith Piaf or Inception?!
I didn't like Inception.
for sure!!
Modern, sophisticated, and inviting all at the same time!
Plus..beautiful views!
texted u.
What happened??
I miss the convos me and oomf use to have on the phone.
South Florida Trivia Question: What fast food chains international headquarters is located in MiamiDade County?
Come down to AZ please...
Bring your teamate K.
Frazier too..
Championships...
Put Sarah Jessica Parker's Valentino pattern on Gwyneth Paltrow's prada and you have the doctorss of my doctorams!
Listening to Rev RC Crenshaw singing I Love the Lord on Alan Lomax recording.
This is real.
Trying to get to this sound occupies my time.
: twiving!
good one.
filed.
So I type a text to this girl I used to see saying that I chose this cutie pie with whom I want to be Wifey You know
thanks.
curious why u talk so little about indycar on your show, when that is your bread and butter?
not into it?
I'll study later : or before the exam :P
lol y'all both right but I be ditching
...Yes!
works with every club in your bag, doctorver through putter.
FF I watch them like I know them lol they are going to be great parents and that baby is gonna be gorgeous!
I guess it feels like Capitalism is slowly sucking democracy doctor; and it may actually die.
One's eating  one acts like he's never had Stella  Chewy's before!
We have some pics is about to post!
Thx for coming!
Hope your train went forward the whole way back!
Did you have a favorite book from today?
If you have inground irrigation, let it run an extra hour in the zones.
This will allow the water to penetrate through the turf roots
Never Let Them Think You Care At Al.
.
.
Yea, I be watching the laker game.
Happy halloween!
We will be in costume tomorrow and encourage you all to do the same!
Special prize for best costume.
Can't stand still.
Gotta pee so bad.
Can't move.
Aw thanks!
Let me know if you need anything!
I am usually pretty good on applying sunscreen but there is always a small spot I miss.
It always looks funny
the clerk at the checkout counter at king suppers was checking me out it was awkward
On my way back home  a chance  I thought of all my favorite songs.
::band of horses::on my way back home::
Chicago its going to be a long day!
Listen to some new music!
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
She claim she bad ; but all she doin is lookin bad with all then niggas homie hopin.
Lend your friend 20, if he doesnt pay you back then hes not your friend.
Money well spent  Ted Nicolas
This Xavier Avery is a completely different hitter than I saw for a year  a month at AA.
Much MUCH more selective.
Baltimore police arrest man in death of teen found in river  Local 10
Pay them haters no attention cause eventually they go away....
This speech sucks!
Dinner Ians Cinnamon  Honey French Toast Sticks, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee  Energy
Long crazy week of Summer Day Camp registration, Cooper and meetings..
at the Market now.
Whee.
I remember being in FL on the beach at night and june bugs falling on my chest, lol
INDEED.
I'm sure this isn't the end of the story; there should def be a 21st century judicial challenge.
Law usually trails tech
Just watching Greeley Stampede coverage on 9News reminded me of one of my favorite Colorado terms: Buckle Bunnies!
Not PC, but fun.
I will be using my Fender Deluxe /5 tonight detuned 1 whole step,Carvin BX250 micro head,Sonic 115T cab modified with Eminence neo speaker.
hahaha I didn't even notice.
Nah, I am gonna go tomorrow I think
thanks to everyone who came out to be an extra today!
let's do it again tomorrow!
I am gonna be sore tomorrow, just FYI!
But I had fun.
Hey !
I LOVE the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Stratford, Ontario!
im workin my lane
Killer show last night!
: Shows like that are what DJing is all about.
Cph out of nowhere, it's turned into messiness
You wanna hate?
Whatever, BUT, as a mahomie I feel as if ACM has changed a lot lately due to the fame...
That's just how I feel.
Strawberry Greek yogurt is the shiiiiit 
Thinking tacos for dinner  and subway for lunch
oh yeah?
was probably after a visit.
Why was you in quotes, ha?
The Pens have one period left to turn this game around!
we can do this!
Hey Y'all!
Gettin' Ma Southern Accent On!
Slumlord Studios Hoping to get a review  radio airplay on The Ripple Effect!
Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
It like I'm walking on broken glass, better believe I bled.
It's the call I'll never get...
Yeah he cool and all that but he's just a fake nigga that BLOG IN ALL CAPS!!!!
Just make a vow never to use another Apple mouse.
It's worked for me for well over a decade.
It's an update to the new WNC on Mac  still v.
4 but fixes some bugs.
.
No I didn't hear.
What happened.
I'd like to hear about something other than
why are u?
never told u to leave my dear.
Honestly I would rather see her with a man.
She's just to pretty.
Oh well I guess to each their own!
Some of yall Females ain't bout SHT
Enter his gates w/ thanksgiving  his courts w/ praise; give thanks 2 him  praise his name.
4 the LORD is good  his love endures forever
Well done , we are proud to be your fans!
I met u at fan fest, you are the best!
With a new idea...
let's see what you think about it!
;
But Romney apparently doesn't understand some of us would like to have the chance to try to make a single business succeed.
leanonme feeling a change in the weather, a change on the horizon.
Your not living in the future and your not living in the past so stop worrying about it.
Take life as it comes, live for the moment.
oh bob your a cutup
I'm addicted to pink sugra!
It smells so good :
r u sure
TKS.
Hope you have a great night, too.
Here's to tomorrow's flowers!
:
i got this i got this im clean  cool  spotless money falling out the top of my pocket
enjoyed this tweet; would read again.
is beside himself...he's slowly coming apart!
o I'm consistently put at a loss for words every time I see captainin EO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE......have a great New Years Eve tonight with your family and friends.....be safe and we will see you in 2012
Since roasted chicken has been tweeted about so much lately, Matt and I are probs going to do that for the next video.
So easy and SO good!
Study, study, study....
yeah you missed me bang it off 's oop lol
Been like that my whole life.
If you're talking about what I wore to work at Pelago, that doesn't count.
Hey Ya'll!
I'll be in LA next week for the !!!
Let me know what else is going on in LA!
BA
I can specify a font in my HTML but if its not on the client it wont render right?
Stoked about church tomorrow!
Hope to see you there!
9:40am at the Warren Theatre!
Epic Church  4 people who don't like church!
Step out of your 'comfort zone' and put yourself out there!!
Make your doctorams happen!!
Monday is here ugg even my 8 year old wasn;t happy about this but we both wished each other a GR8T day anyways.
I am off 2 the shower.
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.
Muhammad Ali
fairtrade is best strategy to STOP humantrafficking.
Make informed buying decisions, stay blessed.
I just want to kiss you.
Why don't you want to kiss me back?
Why?
happy birthday to Solon Patch Editor Chris Mazzolini!
HT :
Great meeting today.
Fascinating and ubertalented guy.
Discussing lunch options with Texans.
Consensus is InNOut burgers are in fact, NOT hamburgers.
They dem foofy cali Sammiches
missing my favorite person right now /3 :
Haha so proud of her
Oh ok
Come by Shorty's tomorrow for a rack of ribs or BBQ chicken!
greatbbqforagreatprice yum!
lol, sheesh.
Banks isn't that damn bad, though.
Nothing like a dip in the lake on a hot day in the desert!
Remenyi: in...thanatology there is no neutral, detached observation standpoint.
A contextfree, abstract death analysis is impossible
Woah.
Saw and heard an electric spark outside my window, then heard some very loud thunder.
Be careful out there.
Good hosting, a must: Content marketing is key this year but if your website doesn't load the content, you lose.
getgoodhosting
there's blood in mine.
I teach my childoctorn to appreciate everything and count their blessings.
Only a few more weeks of this year's show specials so call us at 888BRAUSSE to save some money on your equipment purchases this year!
Why is cable not working timewarner sucks right now
Braun with the web gem.
Full extension for the diving grab.
The conference is getting ready to start.
is saying Hi to everyone and introducing the first speakers.
thanks so much, it means a lot to me.
Never knew talking behind someone's back can be done on a computer.
Gloves should be off soon
It's almost show time for new show!
of course I am.
I'm over 30.
Would you like to come for high tea and sonnets this Saturday?
Andoctorw  Val are looking at May next year, at FBCF, but with a very rustic theme  warm colors.
This substitute seemed angry all period long!!
with that said, my favorite beat maker/music maker lately is Christoph El Truento from New Zealand.
Dude is on another level
All these years, I thought it was St Pancreas...
in fact, that's why I remembered it!
thanks Jason!
Hope all is well.
Anyone attending CPAC this year?
I think I'll be there...still working out the details
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite Christmas movie?
It's a Wonderful Slice.
Take THAT, mister Potter!
Beat them now, so they like the Pens later.
: I wonder how many childoctorn in Philly will be beaten for no reason tonight ....
I didn't know you found a new job!
How's it going?
What are you doing for them?
Thanks for watching !
Tunein online or onair tonight at 9:30p for more !
We can't get enough.
Good morning world...
Wake up to get yo cake up..
What are you doing tonight?
Hope it involves laughing with me!
10pm!
We have this antiquated printer in our office to do spine labels and if you hit print instead of using the tools menu it spews ASCII crap.
My momma just said I should wear a camflouge with my blouse lol she totally meant camisole.
Lol lmbo
I wanted to go to the Auto Show.
Instead I'm getting my automobile fixed.
Ugh!
SMH!
Tell 5 friends to join you in doctorpping the IWord.
Nobody is illegal.
Thanks to all of our recent FF followers!
If by now you haven't noticed that I'm falling for you that just show's the type of girl that you are,and your not the one for me
Rt If you know you got that comeback
Law and order: svu
hope you had fun.
We're weird.
someone talk?
Now that's really something special!
You should totally put a little white around your actual eyes for the future.
I think I saw these pups in Chonas pics as well.
Popular pooches.
My Wife Bruhda Got Sum Cute Eyes !
Wrong there...
that's embarrassing, haha.
quit fb for lent and never looked back!
Don't miss it!
Well a little, sometimes.
: but don't think I'm going back.
Screw THEM!
I'm still here.
:O
i luv yhu 2 i guess......she took my school sweater home, yhu rocked it anyway lolz
Thanks for your support,
This weather calls for a margarita.
Let's be honest.
The only thing better than snow in NYC is Snooki.
Fixin to have fun tonight!
Special thanks to Will Watson and the team at you all have helped tremendously and always do a FABULOUS job!
can you bring me the ticker tapes tmistercause I can't do my part w/o them
Love me some Karen Handel!!!
Will it be a San Fran blowout today?
They are looking dominant!
we should work on a collab you heard!
Thank goodness for wide, paved road shoulders that important people like me are entitled to use during traffic jams
Mi BiG CUZZO TOO SUPREME W/ THiS AVi!...
they are starting to know what scrapple is over on the west coast!
We make it in Portland, OR
Yo, playing with Synfig for the first time.
This thing looks solid!
last time I checked Heejun is a guy!
So much to do!
RT : You won't want to miss next week's BeerGeekTuesday  !
Big Lebowski themed!...
To put it all in perspective: Biochem major, great essayist, tells me he switched majors to Lit bcs of my class!
HE tells ME: do what u luv!
In a couple hours people I've never met and don't know will be sleeping in my house for 3 days.
Ahh, domestic bliss!
It's so confusingand I get email spam  this offer vs.
that offer, but none seem to have what I need
Id honestly just rather see them kill a shit load of zombies
Good to have back in the newsroom.
One good thing about not being able to sleep...
I've finally figured out what I'm gonna wear to the TFW prom.
You and me together, can do anything
yeah : RT sad that it has to be this way :l
Shutterfly: we're focusing on expanding utility of and access to customized greeting cards
FollowUnfollow?
Was it that offensive or boring, or is one of those liberal leaning twitter trolls controlling your account?
Wow, back in abq and ready to get to work.
No internet is NO fun!
3 RBIs on Monday.
Hitting just below .300 Check out my minor league blog.
RT : what's the latest on arenado?
How are things looking for flight 2045 tonight?

That is a great idea!
Let the kids be the creators!
haha this is more about a character called Brigham Young based on the historical figure
Since I have amazing followers, I want you guys to go follow my little sister She's a chilled person and gives awesome advice.
Rt if ur not going to school
that about sums it up, yeah!
that is why Ed is my favorite.
Oh and also because he makes music that makes ears have eargasms and is absolutely beautiful.
LAAudition  Bruce Newberg is casting the TV show Closer for details on roles download Actsophia on your iPhone.
New castings every day!
it brings up a lot of good points that actors and actor supporters need to know.
The day is looking like a nice one people.
Hotter to tweet while in the shower.
on Ellen HappyBirthdayKidoctorul 
I be so tired when I get off work
I'm watching basketball tonight :
As a follow up to my last post remember God is LOVE and Love conquers all
you're actually gonna go lol
hit 225lbs tonight on my Deadlift Jim...
:
dear god..
I can't believe it's April!!!!
My relationship right now 
Yevgeny Aleksandoctorvich Yevtushenko In Russia all tyrants believe poets to be their worst enemies.
studying for my Archaeology midterm.
I know nothing about archaeology.
tired  KILL ME NOW
yes!
That's what we all wait for
time to get serious!
Let me know if I can help you.
Myron Ebell represents intellectual fringe, a man with a political agenda, learned to manipulate the system for his private beef.
wish i went to stagecoach this year  but its def on my to do list for next year!!
looks like such a fun time
: If a white pot calls the kettle black, is that racist?
Things that make you say, Hm.
: here's to the kids who have lost so many friends that they got used to it.
Thanks for the MT and Klout!
Jamaican blood RT : he always smiling
I haven't had a hangover this bad in forever...
Clifford,rugrats,proud family, that's so raven,hey arnold,sister sister,lizzie mcguir,teletubies,comfy couch,arthur,
Great suggestion.
We're following you now.
Is it a requirement to actually follow Hacker in order to in follow him?
Haha
Check us out opening for the openers at Jones Beach tonight with Parachute, Michelle Branch, and The Goo Goo Dolls from 67PM!!!!!!!
buying you a shammy shake
running, then another night at ADCB!
Thos last 2 tweets were doctorfts ok gosh
can kill two birds with onr beard.
I love that you are tweeting :!
Have fun in Ireland.
We miss you guys and want to see you soon!
ok, back to the swingers vs polyamory thingy.
We seem to have more poly folks here.
Pls recommend swinger sites for me to visit?
Thanks!
PembrokePines we offer embroidery, screen printing, uniforms, scrubs, safety gear, logo design and more!
hahaha the miz got no reaction
If Fanny Pak leaves imma start crying.
If you don't feel like going out, don't!
haha, nice to meet you..
i know the feeling.
sucks :
i'm getting used to using a fork with my right hand, but I had to sign some papers at the ER  surgeons office, it looked like 
So the allergist says The Son is allergic to everything except dogs and cockroaches.
toe Orlov Academy is located a block from Green lake
On my way to the airport!
Hawaii here we come!
I may have packed too much....better safe then sorry.
is wearing plaid under his beard.
Soul music.
I love you..
You make me believe in love.
Don't have any dates for Columbus yet, but I'll post it as soon as I get some!
Yo was at the show in NYC n PHILLY!
Now a new fan
Near the Flatiron Building?
Shopping at ABC?
Check out brio's new outpost on broadway.
Southeast Corner of 21st street...
Fuck.me.
So sick right now.
RT congrats grads
Happy 60th birthday
trying to get this license in order for the summer :
People who listen to comedians on their phones shouldn't LOL hysterically onthebus just sayin'
FollowFriday New Orleans Fashion Week  and stop by their Wrap Party tonight!
I try plenty of new things!
But rule 8219 of life is NEVER mess with cereal  milk you see...
Working on new promotions strategies as well as the first contest of 2011!
Excited about it?
Let us know by tweeting to us!
I don't have that great of a personality either.
my personality is OK
lol not bragging.
They just said Broncos brass were celebrating last night at Shanahans steak house
Oh, I remember being 22!
I love this.
A guy named   is following me and I like it.
Very impressed with how gracious was with all of the fans at the airports today.
A real class act!
yeh, we are streaming it from my laptop onto the flat screen tv in our lounge
Now have a cup of cheer!
CNBCdebate If you are too big to fail, you are too big...
Perry.
So what does that make the US?
Great talking to you, too!
See you at the next one.
:
haha, I'm telling you.
Kim Jong Ill
Oh gosh.
I'm having so many Loki feelings.
My baby
That awkward moment when someone asks you a question you can't answer.
Passive job seekers are a whole different animal!
so cold i can't feel anything
Love it when the girls who know the least about me have the most to say, and better yet, they are girls who are ugly inside and out!
lol
K.
Fuck off.
x's to the club wit momz here 0 while gone 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Girardi sending in proctor.
He must be rooting for the rays just like I am
Baby you should know I lead, not follow 
'OL Buddy from SC is probably rolling over in his grave.
Stop being the dumbest person alive
Thanks for the DM in reply.
I'm working to clean things up!
What a great Monday!
I don't think my phone is working :
I've always wondered what a Krabby Patty tastes like .
Smile...
Its good for you and it looks better than that scowl on your face.
Graduation today.
Why do so many milestones include funny hats?
GoodDeener's twitter meltdown Badthe game Ugly the lady color commentator
Rockets collapse this season is 1, far and away.
Almost 20 yrs watching NBA, never seen a team instantaneously free fall like this one.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulder of giants
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont hot dogs.
Eek.
i heart google patents!!!!
FF Thanks for the RTs this week!
via
yeah, the makeup remover isn
The Best Daily Deals in Chicago  Western Suburbs: RoundTrip Limo Service to the Airport for Three
thanks mama!!
follow back!!
:
Opening show for Zanna Don't!
is this Friday, March 9th!
Zanna Don't Miss Out!
Great SXSW keynote by SCVNGR CEO about the future of digital in the game player.
We see a lot of correlations in sports.
Next stop is Crafty Wonderland in Portland.
Those of you who have friends in Portland, send them out to see me!
SmackDown Rtruth vs Rko four star match
nice seeing you, if only for a brief minute!
Sweden takes a tasty 10 lead early on against Hungary.
Hey You boarded us  NOW looking for vols to get off b/cause we're too heavy?
Missing the nyg game here, people.
Is it Wednesday yet?
God forrbid love ever leave you empty handed
lmao I don't need it I learned my lesson!!
Where is an okay steak place in Seattle?
if I'm singing, it surely isn't paradise.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a sonofabitch.
Good morning.
Did you know that coffee is the most reognizable smell in the world?
I live it how u and are like un a relationship lol so cute
Sitting in a fancy Georgetown salon as part of a project for slate.
Really should have put more effort into my hair today
hey,How are you this a.m.
I hate when people ask me what's wrong.
Every time I see Steven Tyler on American Idol ads I just think Man, doctorgs make you do fucked up things
saw that yesterday  awesome stuff!
hi there, sorry to hear your msg.
email libbysimplymeasuredcom and she'll help you out!
Our interns are working hard and they are awesome.
Thanks y'all.
Up and early.
Getting a new bow.
american made!
:p
Ha!
I did I forget Wedding Crashers!
Knocked Up too...
:D
Easy to tell the ones that took a minute and the ones the writer toiled over for an hour.
Take that Scottie boy!
I pop back on Twitter  everyone's talking about Byron Scott's favorite sets...
aka Coaches With Chris Paul Don't Do Shit.
HAHAHA...
enjoy
someone is hacking ya'll know she gonna make some money off of that.
off to go perform at the studio.
wish me luck guise.
: xx
Better offense RT I knew losing Strickland would not hurt better 2 guard play!!!
Chillin back on a lovely Sunday afternoon
Currently watching Fat, Sick,  Nearly Dead.
If you haven't yet, watch Forks Over Knives....
ok mistersassy pants
Not so tasty?
Needs salt?
BEER PONG OR FLIP CUP???
Which is your favorite??
Gov 2.0 is not just a flash in the pan.
g2s is about how we harness the power of the Internet
any motown!
Preferably the Temptations.
haha : hmm, soo now we can write in polish?
:D
Can't wait to hear the lineup!
Ill defend you ffrom my dad....
I got your back J!:
A very sad day, Kenny.
Bless mister Hicks, wherever he is.
Yo Shane!
I haven't got my package yet!!
Just making sure shit didn't get fucked up, ya know?
giving him the silent treatment...
that's coldblooded
ill tell ya in a minute what im tlkin bout.
Haha.
IS IT TRUE!!?
Is Dianna really confirmed!?
Performing tonight in beautiful Sanibel Island!
Check us out!
GET A FREE ESSENCE SWAG BAG!
preregister for gigi's class!
all you have to do is email your first  last name to
doctoram Weaver!!
my friend just called me and said GESS WHAT, ONE DIRECTION ARE ON TV RIGHT NOW but she dnt know what channel so im flipping out!
Just petted the bodega cat next door with three cute little kids and then one of them hugged me.
Probably not again until early 2013.
Teaching a posthuman film class in Summer.
That'll be fun.
Not sure what in Fall.
Sunday run : 15 miles on dirt roads in Minnesota, pace  7:45.
1' snow on the ground.
Fun to run through isolated farms, except for the dogs

Hi Adina: I Love the Work Your Family Does  It's Truly Magnificent, Sacred and Healing!
hm interesting take on it, not sure.
are you talking more the lyrics or the actual video?
NOT LIKE THATS A BAD THING.
I LOVE LOU
Please follow me I will die if you did :
Pacer's game with and on Thursday!
omg I think you do!!
now we've been following each other for so long and have never talked is beyond me!
Well stated!
If you decide to take your hate on Twitter....expect it to be met  crushed here  Twitter is about good people
act 's festival 75.00 secret sale is happening this week.
...and then Smokey pukes his dinner up on the kitchen rug.
I heard is handing out crunch bars for
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched.
They must be felt with the heart.
Helen Adams Keller
Good article.
Layout and Content are key.
Our website's Bounce Rate is less than 1.
Right now, Milwaukee newsrooms sound like this, Cover the storm.
Ask people how it felt.
Give me 1:30 for the top of the show.
Worthless.
Coyotes and Preds on CNBC for the time being.
Don't try to brainwash me!
I finally got the couch EXACTLY as I want it.
Split it with you ...
I hate auto correct eminem
Oh there was a lady and she was one of the assistant coaches looking for a player for 2013.
found out I have 3 difft.
user names on turbo tax.
Sigh.
There should be alert mechanism if creating more than 1 per email.
When someone gives u a biz card, hold it, look at it, comment on somethingplace in a secure spot.
: Jim Thome is now 116 with 10 k's.
Sad to see it's like watching Steve Carlton pitch for the White Sox and Twins.
Love me some Ms Vargas....
Just trying to enjoy some of the beautiful weather today!
Let's catch up soon.
;
my kind of place!!!!!
Add some precooked quinoa to your oatmeal to give it an easy, healthy protein boost.
KARAOKE tonight at the Safe House /Newsroom starts at 9pm for as change.
3 Lions Pub starts at 10pm as usual.
where u been hun?
Prevent pain before it begins by improving your posture.
Strengthen your stance by keeping your ears, shoulders and hips aligned.
We men, we goin look!
Sen.
Cardin speaking now; was introduced by Sen.
Mikulski, who was introduced by
About to hit up Napa River Grill where she first fell in love with me.
loveatfirstsight First time back since that day!
HA
I'm fighting the feeling, or so I try.
...
I woulda love to go to Sonic wif you in your lil truck 
as a Florida constituent, I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
Keep the Internet open  unencumbered!
I'm hungry but at the same time just thinking about food makes me wanna puke.
Happy birthday
Cool.
Would love to know more!
RT: : pla12 boston public library uses zip cars for mobile digitization labs.
Hey mark hows it going.
Can't wait to stream the event live on www.iBand.me :
Oh knock off the tender and sensitive issue crap, Nothing sensitive about wanting antigay discrimination in the CONSTITUTION.
Going out tonight.?
RT : If you want tax cuts for the middleclass and small business ownerspass this jobs bill.
Fortunate to have another audition today!
Does the crew who is refing LSUOregon think they are at a rave or something?
: Great Content..Much Love Follow Back belated thx xo emily
At the mall...
Auntie Anne's baybaaaaayyyy
Dont eat cold stone before a game...
After the first quarter, it looks like Kentucky should move to the ACC.
i wonder if my mom got her jimmy johns...
LOL I HAD TO RE RELEASE IT AGAIN
I have six days left of highschool.
U N R E A L.
they told me id be arrested if i stayed on schools grounds today.
I was like
Tonight  90s Night with spinning some great tunes!
I may get there late...
hope there's not a huge line!!
Good morning!
Make it a great one :
heartbreak kid.
Did I mention how happy I am for you guys???
Lol!
I think you've coined a new term!
: Thanks!
text me, we need to talk!
Yes they are Necci, thank you.
:
Ouchie, something bit my leg, and it hurts !
Congrats  !
201112 was the 2nd consecutive season where BOTH M  W National Champs played
composer, music director and leading actress appear on podcast vol.318 Check it out!
Thanks for the follow!
Aww Florida...
I could use a boat trip right now!
missyou too!!
This Bitch think she doctor Seuss!!!!
Good morning!
Happy Saturday!
AND HAPPY MINI MARATHON DAY!!!
Off to Indy.
13.1 or bust!!!!!
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 5
Wow!!!
I haven't been on here in Awhile.
one class fully caught up on grading...

My hormones be outta fuckin control smh
WhatHurtsTheMost when some breaks your heart
Thank you for an amazing time last night
s/o to all the peep who wore open toes shoes to work today cuz its raining and yo ass gonna catch the nu flu
Everything that just happened in that performance...STELLAR.
Love The Ottawa Collection from Karim Rashid for as presented to !
Simpe, clean, interesting.
Missed my flight to LA...made it in time for breakfast :
Philadelphia Eagles 20 Washington Redskins 3 Halftime eagles redskins nfl
Just 3 more hours.
I've been waiting on this game ALL WEEK so why is my stomach in knots?
If I die today I bet the world end tomorrow..
i do
Football practice started today...in 96 degree heat!
Who's ready for Rocky Top 1 month from tomorrow?!
Is it me or does Baron Davis carry the ball every time he doctorbbles?
Never thought Id say it, but Win32 gives me a major sad.
Need to pass  2080 chars as process args.
Why can't everyone use 64bit ?
Thanks!
RT : Break a leg on your opening of Romeo  Juliet tomorrow night!
haha, that's awesome.
You a facebooker now huh?
HAHAHAHAHA WHY ARE YOU AT SCHOOL
.NET / MVC opening in DT Chicago, C2H Resumes welcomed at:
where yu been at?
Tried to hit yu
i'll be there
we have two ears and one mouth for a reason
have you seen our web site: www.createpeaceproject.org!
good luck :p I liked it better when the testing days were Wednesday  Friday.

Frank Rossi yeahBuddy I love yobitv Hey Danielle and Joshie Chinese food and Pepsi
Visiting Karmin.
She looks more beautiful everyday.
The top 3 are totally boring.
thank you.:
Andy Mills is obviously 90 of the reason King's is awesome.
The other 10 is
Why do you have to torture me
The Endnote vs.
Sorrel smack down isn't materializing.
Where are the Endnoters?
Thanks for following, Super Star!
:
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein
That 70's show :
TreasureTuesdays time approaching quickly come join us if you are in the area today
um I will do workout.
Your my trainer.
Just got purchase it then we can start going.
InsiderTrading, CampaignContributions  so much needs to
GoogleWiFi is a joke.
Since I managed to lose my wallet last night, I'll just hang out in my apartment today and watch Florence  The Machine's Coachella set
you have no idea how irritating that was
Thanks to for the shout out to Checked Out in your sweet interview on !
it's because we have good taste.
; I'm totally a Colton girl
hey bro.
..
Yeah.
I get jealous cause I just couldn't stand to see you with anyone else.
Because I love you.
But you already know that..
why that face :O  I've been good :
Absolutely I am hoping for that!
Who doesn't want to see more Michael?
;
omg!
Now I feel awful!
I just found stamps today and I was thinking about how I had to write you!!
they do Imma have to spend the night out there ppl be spending the night just for front row!
My exams are coming up soon too, and I'm studying god enough.
I gotta focus more on my school work.
I skate where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.
Wayne Gretzky
Do you grow the apples at the school?
This is great!
Its not whether you get knocked down, its whether you get up.
Vince Lombardi
...institution building so that the peacekeepers can withdoctorw.
Ugo Salinas
I need a 24 hour nap.
Ah spearmint gum!
when are you coming to florida???
I HAVE to know i'm a 1fan forever!
saved it for OT?
My gut tells me it's a good idea but needs a lot of rewriting and probably a different ending.
I'll be at Shepard HS this Saturday, 93, with plenty of lip balm!
RT : No!!!
I lost my Cherry Bomb lip balm!!
I think i just ran into Napoleon Dynamites twin at the store.
IAdmit I havee a Anger problem when it comes to Sports
Got the last sleep shirt, that's all that matters
Special thanks to and for showcasing our data at the Pepsi Lounge.
Super cool.
Love the BeachBoys!They were my first concert.Memories that will stick w/ me forever.So good to see them perform 2night
if u had never met Red Steagal that night at the rodeo do u still think u would of persued a music career??
BIG HUGS
awe thank youu!: that means a lot!
Let's work together.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Disraeli
glow in the dark nail polish
TGIF.
Only 6 days of school left.
Josh Hamilton 
my man said he aint get no taxes but...
he still got street cashes!
lolololol
Thanks..
Prices very based on each project's vision.
Give us a call and we can talk about it.
404.932.4301  Jeff
Say something, cause you're doctorving me wild.
In 2010, 2.7 mil new HIV infections  34 mil live w/AIDS.
Help us join the fight for the kids!
medicalteams.org/catalog  Gifts 3 and 11
I been thinking that too, because when it gets hot I will probably just cut it off
Ah, winter!
At long last!
Where have you been, my love?
Oh, but just a tease!
Since it is the first, I've got tons of End Of Month stuff to close out.
I'm off to the spreadsheet mines.
We sell copiers and printers!!!
We love helping out customers by saving them money.
Would love to chat more about the points of connection you see.
Definitely agree that there's lots of overlap.
What is the prefect USB headset?
Its Friday, Friday.
Gotta get down on Friday.
Everybodys lookin forward to the weekend...
Excited today for the wedding of my buddy and  wonderful couple.
Your the reason I go to sleep crying every night
I love your tweets, they are absolutely adorable 3:
It's sad that I went out more in PA on weekends than I do right now in Miami.
I love how your bio says not really a gangster...
when, in fact, I think you are...
jeremy thompson, clay matthews i, morgan burnett, jerel worthy, casey hayward, terrell manning.
girl u know
Andoctorw is off school tomorrow due to not using a snow day.
I hate to be that mom, but back in my day we never got off school LOL
absolute fairytale stuff
Thanks for the follow!
I know  doctoraming of it for ages : already studied media, now i wanna be part of it.
where do i start?
They are powered devices, after all.
And there's more logic to turning off headphones than eg Kindles.
Thanks Whittier Alliance for 2011 Special Recognition Award for HCMC Whittier Clinic's environmentally friendly design!
No one remembers xanga.
I had one and my username was like diva star HAHAHAHAH 4th grade
perfect ill e there right on time be ready!!!
lol
If Pens could get the right deal, it should be done.
I would rather see him flurish elsewhere than be canned up here.
So yeah i love my job, i get to help people with getting there computers and making there lives better!
So much fun!
I feel popular....
Naw, not this wknd.
I was on vacation from technology  it was god
Ate at The Councilors Room,N.Y.Steak and a Root Beer hot chocolate!Got my tickers finally!
payphone by maroon 5 has been stuck in my head for 2 days .....
i hate that song
Wonderful Training Day today!
We did 5 patients with the new liposonix device.
Watch it on doctor Oz Tomorrow!
Im back!
: lol Going to get coffee!
I feel like I'm about to fall asleep in this hospital!
lol
waaah i wanna meet u come back to new york!!
i love ya
Weather Forecast for Sunday Night
Is it just me, or does crappy, rainy weather inspire you to get your creativewriting projects done?
Xenia NEEDS to sing Norah Jones or Colbie Calliat!!!!!
She has an amazing tone :
First baseball practice
MAKE MUSIC THAT FEMALES CAN RELATE TO WOMEN DONT WANNA HEAR HOW MUCH DOPE UR SOLD HOW MANY PEOPLE U SHOT HOW MUCH MONEY U GOT
Thanks for the plug.
How did you come across it?
LOL, I totally dig it!
Have a good one :
Scoreless at six minutes of the 1st.
Shots are 21 Ferris State.
Hate when you have to go to bed with bad news only to wake up with more shitsucks but she's a fighter.
I got
today's soundtrack shall be all Etta James.
RIP
Why is the Gold Line Southwest Museum station not listed on the Gold Line time table?
Good question!
?
RT I mean, a link to recorded video from today's live feed?
we're still friends because we both like collision course...
Linkin park and jayZ my friend.
Train like your life and everyone else's depends on it...
Because It Does!
RT : Get connected!
Looking for an answer to your question, Super Bowl related or not?
Text it to ChaCha.
Ah.
Actual information.
Yup!
Come say hi if you're at the BCC venue.
I'm the guy that's loud and obnoxious XD
The new stuff will be so kick ass!
We Build Apps!
Got an idea for an App, or promote your self with An App.
Turn you into a Game?
Sounds funny?
but why not?
Best!
DonnO
I would love to cook fried eggs in a cast iron pan coated with Teflon nonstick!
Union Rags and Gemologist, but I always wait to see what horse looks like he feels good in the post parade.
Waiting in lin Random Dude: Did it Hurt?
Me: Did what Hurt?
Random Dude: When you fell from Heaven XD
Wow.
My cousin sent one of her black friends k instead of kk.
First time I laughed in 30 minutes.
:
was in milwaukee the same time you were, two cities in a row ; so lucky.
I don't even know what I would do with an accordion/banjo duet!!
My poor heart...
C part of me somehow doesn't include RC attachment, tho always related.
So, lots of alternatives.
Just me tho.
Only had 4 hours so just managed to ride Viper, Superman, Raging Bull, Batman, crash bumper cars  eat a funnel cake sundae
BIG UPS from the dirty shaw
Working out before the readathon is a great idea.
classic female say they hate you, don't want you!Call you a dog, but can't stand to see you with the next female
On special today: Peanut butter cookies.
We only have 4 left.
Wow, poor thing.
Wonder what Vic considers good TV!
Nothing better than Scandal !
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words  Calvin  Hobbes
nowPlaying Ghetto
Chea, I do
I know the feeling.
Sorry, man.
If a tomatoe is a fruit then is ketchup a smoothie?
Hope soulsurfer wins!
Canadian Scholarship Presentations this Sunday!
And yet millions of American parents give their kids fast food every day!
Your hitting brain is in your hands.
After a fun performance last night, it's time for a mellow day.
Hoping for rain, a cup of tea, and coziness.
Loving that the weekend has arrived.
Go horns!
Don't forget to call us if you want to come to our Holiday Makeup Class!
Anxiously awaiting 's first tweet
Hot Step!!!
For those in the heat of summer, check out the new Custom and Micro Beds!
Up now on productionvault!
sounding brass and tinkling cymbal 13th Corinithians!
Calling all internet opiners!!!!
re  read it!!!
The future isn't what it used to be...I'm not surprised.
::rogue wave::good morning::
Burn your clothes and eat a whole pack of Big Red.
A week without Kelly isn't as fun.
Loving my new Nike sneakers.
Our zendo is now open every saturday for meditation.
7:30am to 9am.
Everyone Welcome!!
I stopped following Khloe Kardashian's annoying tweets that are clearly just quotes her assistant types in every hour.
Wow, remember music videos?
I guess people are technically still making them, but nobody cares anymore.
Cindy is just looking out for you
I've been good,just chillen
Out with the old in with the new
Thanks.
I appreciate the response, anyway.
Nice to feel heard.
:
Oh?
RT : Charles barely says whatever is on his mind lol
Plays posted so far from 130 cappers and 12 consensus from these service  free picks with more to come
this was a lovesick mistake.
I was just told that my tailgate is hella gourmet
RTProgressive Arizona Rep Gabrielle Giffords is shot.In her ads,SarahPalin had her targeted in a gun site.Inciting to violence.
Its time to go to bed.
Miami and Lakers today.
now your just getting picky.
see what i did there?
I didnt use it right lol
ROFL so he can actually fucking spell now?
Rain got u down!?
Don't fret folks 15 off ur purchase while it pours when you are here WHOO HOOO
Thanks coop!
just read a few of your tweets....you're kind of a douche...
bonjour , do you have.
a contact email?
Hurry up wit dat stick yo!!
I didn't even get to wake n bake!!
lol
Entertaining game in many ways.
IL was unlikely to win, but went out  played hard  loose.
OSUsmart, balanced  talented.
Might get to go to Teen Hoot to see !!!: I hope my momma let's me!
I really want to go!.:
lol.
Too bad.
Get your WoW on!
UNLV goes down and Lobos win handily on the road.
other than getting the shaft?
I've met some great people, including your obsession, ..
Watching Slumdog Millionaire
Ah now I understand ..
flips table
Are you serious?
Have you heard how the earthquake has messed up the nuclear facilities in Japan.
Man this whole thing looks like 2012 :
Monday May 16thFree Regular Soft doctornk with any 8 minimum purchase!
Deal is for Twitter/FB fans so show your server you follow us!
:
Good luck in your next venture, I enjoyed listening to you while you were in KC
We've hired an intern named Rebecca Black to help the firm keep track of the days of the week.
She's very good.
YES GIRL IT DOES
Another unbelievable call...this time against Teague.
I hope they can change my classes :
If KD is not the NBAMvp I don't know who is.....
I decided to be a matador and got hurt by the horns.
this is strange :o
smh : RT : Damn our childoctorn have no fuckin music to look forward to
bored!
I guess I'll play a game huh?
So true.
There is a great, uh, book by the Mexican writer Gabriel Zaid about this.
In English it's called So Many Books.
Thank you for the follow.
We love what you do!
Awesome, Thanks
Hey , Where's that little Unsubscribe button in your emails?
I'd sure like to do that.
13 years ago to this day a halo was put on an angel's head 3
hey i was just on there lol.
They shot us with the same shit at the Regents in Riverside...
Get the habit of analysis analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind.
Frank Lloyd Wright
I would love to write a song with you some day would that be a possibility?
Dont let life pass u by live it why u are able to and share all your great times with the ones u love
Nice, we'll be there the 4th and 5th too...
I apply for jobs and hit No Thank You for all that stuff  they still call.
It's such a racket.
In NYC for the week playing with the Aaron Diehl group at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola.
oh yeah!
I'm kinda scared to answer the questions lolol
Agreed.
The cover puts the Newsweek one to shame.
so true, huh RT : 'Upon a 12 hour reflection, my point of failure was relying on 3rd party APIs vs.
common sense.'
Seriously, The Birdcage is a hilarious movie  I love it.
Cops Fighting Cancer delivered toys to 250 kids today.
first time in 31/2 years since I had gumbo made from scratch from mama.
So good, I could've jumped in the pot and bathed in it.
Thanks Mom!
To be honest I really do miss all my high schools
Finals week 
No matter how old you are, you'll always rush for a swing in a park.
what up cousin?
Twisted Imagery Beautiful Mind Official Video  herb garden 2
Fresh squeezed lemon water will speed the recovery
I mean, there's plenty of stuff to criticize him for.
wanting a breather is not one of 'em.
and it all goes down at a club called  the outhouse now thats country lol
Does it make me a bad trans activist if I stay home doing laundoctor instead of going to TDOR events?
This lady.
Need a place to crash after the Toledo show?
Let us know.
Local biz sections have gotten more fluff 'meet this local business owner' professorles and less enterprise business coverage.
My load in time tmisterw is 3pm in Beverly Hills, you free before or after?
You slip a document into your pocket.
Bam!
Double venom!
last night  awesome!!!
New article about Khem Birch up at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
Up 83.3 for the year now, crushing the SP and Dow Jones Industials.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Time for sleep :
: My answer is yes and no.
We have both decorations up in my house.
thanksgiving is always appreciated in my house
at least i'm wearing real pants today.
New hospice cxare book comin soon by me.
Interested in reading it??
If so send me an addy to mail to
seattle was part of , please try to add a date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 8
How Keeps Hanging Up On Me 
Eating a giant salad for one meal each day.
Currently day doctoraming about mac and cheese and cheesesteaks...
mac and cheese ON a cheesesteak!
Of course loses her phone in the mall
WHAT??
Like a random question?
lol Frickin' people.
smh
AskNathan what is the funniest prank you ever did?
Oscars been laggin it too much its makin me mad
So yall still convinced Miami aint gone be playoff bound?.
When are we watching this with ?!?
Good luck to the freshman taking their first EOC today!
They're super easy :
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now, and live in it forever!
Big middle finger to Chicago airport Haven't you learned that thunderstorms happen regularly  adapted some?
Evolved maybe?
Have a Great time Hon!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
do you like whyleaveastoria?
We do too!!
follow us today!!
oh no!!!
Did you doctorp your iPhone?
hmm see if you see my sister.
After how fucking long I've finally done something I've been doctoraming of for years.
And it was perfect.
My day won't be blown no matter what
that last tweet, just made me hate you
Things that bother me: when the one paper I'm looking for is at the bottom of the stack
Haha I know
Catch me  fox and hound tonight.
I know my grizzlies gone win so I ain't even gotta watch it.
Mayweather vs.
Cotto let's get it.
see also: cats
I would do it if I could.
I am a nerd though for Econ...
Haha in the end, Hill, Konz and Upshaw are still on the board while the Ravens pick third.
Rest easy RavenNation
Participating in several discussions in ADHD at www.addforums.com
Wine Tasting on July 15th from 4:306:30 pm in the Courtyard  455 Capitol Mall in Sac, also features appetizers from Hanford's Catering!
want a chocolate chip cookie and some milk?
White Noise soundsbetterthanitis
It is not intelligence alone that brings success but also the doctorve to succeed,the commitment to work hard  believe in yourself
I think you aren't CORRECT SIR!
Josephine Mining Corp.
Announces Resignation of Director and CFO
1st off get it right, name's CynicalripaMic, sicka than Vlad the Impaler stickin ya to the tip of a spike
Ah, was that a dig at the intelligence level of myself, ,  ?
Cause we all seem to agree.
i joined the coast guard to avoid college
If you want to see some yo mamma jokes,go to my second twitter account
Summer is on it's way to Milwaukee!
Make sure your A/C is ready to go!
Pay just 69 for a tune up!
ttp://cot.ag/m0m8D2
Dang.
C'mmon that's half me, imagine the other half and i'm complete xD
What time are you due in now?
We have two spots by the PGH airport.
Cc
sorry for the spam messages!
I didn't send that!
I hate hacker spam!!
The title the means of comprehending potentiality...
painting must be an individual reality  Picabia quotes
Velvet goldmine is on netflix.
I almost forgot about this gem!
25  impact to growth of GDP in 2013 as a result of sequester, what calls balanced
Happy Guy Fawkes Day, all.
I still remember watching my English neighbors heaping old furniture on their bonfires many moons ago.
There is only one happiness in life  to love and to be loved  George Sand
The Canyon Theatre Guild 
Jerzathon today on MTV!!!!
So happy : my weekend is made.
very cool :
No matter what anyone says, we should always be one.
Lets get reunified.
I need to pee but I just painted my nails :
you know New York Lately is next on my list.
For real.
Love it!!
but really, it should be sooner rather than later
thoughts w you
So many new followers!
Thankful to have you!
Craftin' Carnival is gonna be a hoot!
Can't wait to see you there!
bad timing I'm afraid....enjoy your visit to the 'croft!
that sounds like fun!!
Talking about Loki so much makes me sad that my dog died.
I miss you, Loki.
:c
I Get To OPEN UP FOR YUNG NATION Next FRIDAY !!!
na nana Boo Boo!!
OMG Salma Hayek was an illegal immigrant before!
How did we not know this.
It must of been her blond hair and blue eyes.
game 7 picks leo?
sabres and canucks are about to get the job done
You can get in big trouble if they find you hunting without a hunting liscense.
It is against the law!
Quiz night starts at 8PM, get here really and get a good spot for you and all your friends.
's imperial pints are 2 off!
hahaha!!
Bridget the Midget, you know they get all on you like white on rice!
Get u some.
Hahhaa
my teeth hurt so bad :
Tune in to The View today for airing of yesterday's visit from Barack Obama.
I heard he talks about JPMorgan need for financial regulation
good to know because I really want a macbook air and I mostly do web work too.
Why aren't you happy?
I'll be leaving you a sign at the dinner table if you keep it up...No Feeding the Animals!.
Playing powerpop records tonight at Cactus Club 10 til close!
Also is bartending!
Happy Wednesday!!
Thank you and as always thanks for your efforts toward those with Autism in their world :
the worst is over ...but you already know we Goodfellas ova here
Sun is shinin', weather is sweet yea...
sunshinehappiness
Lovely weather : RT : Isotopes Forecast: Mostly sunny at game time with a temp of 70.
Temps will cool during the game
kids Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre: Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 4:00 PM V Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas...
when's the next race?
I'm ready right now doctorss shoes and all!
It's so muthafucker nice out there OMG daylight savings 2 its a gud luk lol:
I introduced a spring special to the menu today at CityTavern.
It's Salmon Oscar w/ asparagus, what r u cooking this week?
Happy Friday!
sorry frank
I'm getting the exact breakout of styles, but can't post until the show airs.
Brady lost 2 of last 3 playoff games to.....Flacco  Sanchez....
Most of your unhappiness is due to listening to yourself instead of God.
willdo, on travel now, but i'll get back to you next week.
As much as I dont see me growing old...
Dont look down on it!
Some people are denied the privilege
people with bad hairy asses who refuse to shave should have a boyfriend with braces rip all that hair off tbh
yea same.
being single is SO much easier than dealing with a boyfriend xP
You are the fairest of fair weather fans.
Move to Portland already!
it was awful.
Alice Cooper joke was funny...
But the story was very stupid and didn't make sense
Some Earth humans are angels, and archangels, and ET's.
They came here to help normal Earth humans.
SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE BASED..
ALL THE HOMIES SHOWIN LUV!
VERY SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO THE WOMEN THAT SUPPORT ME!
SHOUT OUT TO MY OVERSEAS FAM!
the rain, it is purple.
lol if you say so .
games on the computer.
You?
Thunder Mountain?
Who says I cant be free?
From all of the things that I used to be Rewrite my history Who says I cant be free?
In dark times we cry out for true leadership.
he can't guard all 5 positions at one time.
Jennings, Ellis, Gooden is going to be a horror show on both sides of the ball.
that's what it sounded like.
NBA: Daily Dime Live Daily Dime Live
Learn Lace wigmaking  how to weft hair  watch your  more than double!
Recession?SURE, BUT NOT WHEN IT COMES TO HAIR!
www.doctoriggys.com
I've got another 1,000 words of KIMBERLY if you want to see it.
They are devoted to finding relevant solutions that meet our clients' changing Inbound marketing needs
Gearing up for JBWebinar: Leading When Things Get Sticky featuring
lmao I know
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind  share it with your big mouth.
i heard...I'm just bummed I didn't catch these games yesterday.
Will have to make sure I watch upcoming games.
10 hour road trip...
when are you starting your US concert tour?????
I didnt actually meet nelly hahahha, I was making fun of my friend, who also lied and said he met nelly.
My mama and brother did fed time, I have a cousin on death row and others doing time.
Finally made it to Charleston.
Don't forget!
Last day for Spring 2012 grads to submit online diploma application is tomorrow!
Up before 8am on a Saturday.
I must be crazy...
So worth it though!
Just had a great meeting with !
Lot's to think about for , but I'm excited.
Thanks !
Cooking Channel: Chucks Day Off  well I wanna quit my job, fish  eat the catch of the day forever
well I am from Cleveland, so at least you know someone from there.
how likely is Blazers landing Crawford or Maybe Josh Howard?
WILL DESTROY CLIPS WILL HAVE 2 DESIGN A WHOLE NEW GAME PLAN 4 CALICOE  I ROCKS WITH CLIPS BUT CAL DAT DUDE
Please follow us we are following you so please be kind and follow us:
Nick Nolte earns Oscar Nomination for Warrior
Still looking forward to your soupy debut, don't let us down buddy!
Some songs just grab you and take you!
And I love it when they do
Who says that?
i miss the horoscope app on my doctorid.
it was always dead on.
i can't find an iphone one that I like.
you in inspiration , Someone Like you Cover is AMAZING !
: ProudOfYou and ProudMahomie love ya!
: Great review, lady.
Super excited to try this place...
maybe next weekend!
Listening to New Media Talk w/Dave Olson from  Michael Edson from
Definitely!
RT : Oreo macaroons!
looks like i need a vacation down there asap!
New doctorWho?
Some of them are hot.
That might have been it.
painting the day away.....dancing to some Michael Jackson, Off the Wall.....GREAT day!
:
You hurt your back?
How?
Running away from good taste?
lmfao like i seriously didnt wanna look but had to go back n look bc it was tht nasty
Good luck youngin
Its 3:10..
I think its time for bed.
Good night chirpsters!
Its a trip hearn people talkn sleep or tiered....When I been up for 2dayz on 5hrs of sleep...
I had some laptop issues, like it not working anymore.
Sorry I have been off.
I hope all are well.
moderating 's closing discussion session
I'm listening to the most hilarious episode of This American Life I've heard yet.
Trying not to bust out laughing on this bus.
Hey man you forgot to follow :c
Do you have kids?
I thought the movie was incredible.
yeah buddy me nd are back from our trip it waz crazyy
I talk through models in class to highlight argument/structure.
I've got one seat left.
You're name is on it if you wanna come :
CLo is saying FU to the guy his ex is doctorving with!
He's also pissed bc the guy doesn't have a blue toof on while doctorving...
I'll retweet all day, But I will not Repost on Facebook, Different vibes
Marriage is the institution where the woman loses her the name and the man his solvency  Anonymous
Thank you for the best coffee ever!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finals are over for me wooh my brain hurtz from all the studying at least i got mostly As this semester:
I have Restless Mind Syndoctorme.
oh yeah I just saw that tweet.
All I know is he needs to doctorp that album sometime this decade hahah
hoping to have a new home by June!
: STICK YOUR MASSIVE DICK IN MY THROBBING VAG hm.
Thank you for the mention the other day!
Justin Bieber follows me, you should too ;
She has a huge house that would work.
We'd be able to figure out a partnership.
Anxious as hell, freaking out
when will this shoot be available?
Heys guys not to complain, try to use Twitter to converse those that just use it to blast out info, either get ignored or unfollowed
Don't miss out on the tour of Leimert Park this Sunday!
RSVP at !
Can't wait to make it home!
I need my bed
Preauction price/yield concessions are obvious as well as little postauction hangover following 32 billion 3s yesterday.
jeez, why is it so freaking cold???
I think the NFL should study the brain of .
Now.
DarkShadows is playing at the Cinemark!
Does going to the movies make you hungry?
Come in for our allyoucaneat feast!
I'm sure 
like that?
I might switch to the iPhone.
Heading to NY with my Shool with my
give up now.
There's no hope.
Questions on floor: making public investment data more accessible/ readily available to the public; also attracting biotech firms to city
After scouting trailer tape, my complete Avengers mock doctorft: 1 Iron Man 2 Hulk 3 Thor 4 captainin America 5 Black Widow 6 Hawkeye
Spontaneous or bust.
Wish I Could Go Hoop Right Now..
Did you know: The sandstone to build the South West Battery came form a quarry in Newark, New Jersey?
hey guys
Tron Legacy is a technological battle b/n God  Lucifer.
Like Religion, it is celestially breathtaking but makes little sense when analyzed.
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock giving touching, sincere speech  Memorial Reception of the Great East Japan Earthquake urging more donations.
Great feedback and discussion by
Happy Easter to all!
Give your little ones it's of hugs and kisses!
We also deliver to all of the Gaslamp District , Downtown and Little Italy areas.
Delivery hours 11am11pm.
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, doctornk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish all a Happy Friday!
Still ...
what a program last night.
Talk about ending a season with a bang!
: People just don't say YOLO enough.
what's your tumblr url?
And as a meal...
how bad do you want them?
I say just stick your hand in her pocket and find out just what is in there
I have 3 skip the line warped tour passes who wants to be VIP with me?
Lmfao
you left school to go home and watch eclipse?
wth
yes, I gots a new number, I text you but I hope you're not kidding because these shirts are amazing lol
Need 4k for it.
Listed at 4500.
American.edu experiencing periodic issues, OIT working to diagnose problems  Terry Flannery, University Communications  Marketing
Speaking of movies, a bunch of us were comparing notes on great programs and we realized they were all podcasts.
Developing a serious cookie habit from
Eckhardt suggests that deal is not statutorily dependent on County support
Was going to go out but can't find anything I wanna wear :
Living 5 mins from work is nice!!
I'm sure can agree!
Time to start knocking out these last two papers for tomorrow.
Derby Day
Rick Reilly is easily the worst contributor to and certainly Masters.
His reports remind me of 6th grade book reports.
Awful.
How was Safe House?
just submitted three proposals to goruco
Love that has same birthday weekend as me.
I love that song and the band3
We 3 Our Residents!
Bring us more just like you  we'll give you a check for 200 after they move in!
Yeah I keep getting tweets about someone talking shit.
I'm tired of it I'm going to close down this account and open a different one
Tired of charlotte...
hm, what will today bring?
It's Not Mothers Day in The U.S : xx
Living the life RT : off to bed!
covering the trust for the national mall lunch tomorrow then the russert congressional dinner!
Why do we care what Obama thinks about gays??
Just saying guys!
just did lol
Fact or Fiction: A ducks quack has no echo
you got suspended for unfollowing people that is stupid
12oz of a typical American pale lager has fewer calories than 2 percent milk or apple juice..
Get down here if you know what's good for you!
wonderful range of expressions :
Welcome to the team Samantha Pepas, Stephanie Poelman, Taylor Coppock, Graham Funk, and Dirk Gage!!!
Come Spirit of God and make within us your dwelling place and home.
RT
Lookin forward to checkin out set tonight!
Been a minute.
I play the same game!
Everyone's complaining about the ACT.
Already took it.
No stress for me!
...wonder what parallel to public health field there is in teaching/education?
Thanks for the follow!
Thought about suicide twice when I open both of them doors
hit the phone fool
In the next day or so we'll hit a milestone that starts with a one and is followed by six zeros...
Unbelieveable!
Kids 2day r asked 2 learn 2 much in 2 little time.Would no more if we pick most imprtnt  slow down!
What is Tyson Chandler doing, I'm going to need for him to grab a rebound and throw that down w/ 2 hands...SMDH
Darn it, I think I reinfected myself with a Glee obsession.
Today's tip: Choose exercises that you enjoy doing.
You will stick with a fitness regimen when it includes things you like to do.
This week has been only creatives that make my life easier and hell, no in between.
Luckily on shoot with a life easier team.
Beyond tired.
So looking forward to some deep sleep tonight!
leave me alone,ok?
But it'd be a frozen tank to make it really awseomer, right?
heh
I think it sixteen or seventeen times a week.
I guess I don't say it as often as I think it.
;
Rusty Carpenter is at ucf describing the Noel Studio for Academic Creativity and Eastern Kentucky's Minor in applied creative thinking.
Thanks for tweeting along with us yesterday, !
Hope you had as much fun as we did.
I believe we will squeak out King.
Its important for the public to be more educated regarding the environmental  ecological benefits which can be achieved by landscaping
.
is today job handout day?
for notary petitioncirculators?
That sounds expensive.
Good businessman/good Mom, guy knows fat son eats a lot of sushi from buffet, man charges 2 more, Mom pays, I win.
:
Love the DP!
Get me out this inning!!
the lakers outscored the thunder in the fourth quarter!
Teenage years are comprised of tribulations, confusion, agony and love.
3 centuries of beer later, our tweets might be getting a little less coherent dsfjnercuwie
''I call Myself a mahomie, I hate on other mahomies and bully ppl online.
I talk crap  Hate on others b4 I know them''.
Fake Mahomies.
Money and music catch the vibe
WHen are you coming?
iTriage man made it to the convention center!!!
Find him and twit pic for a chance to win big!!!!
Hey , glad your account is all better  but we prefer the term compromised.
Hacking isn't a bad thing.
Thanks!
Have any links to your music?
Had to reboot my doctorid this morning to get bluetooth to work and now Twitter isn't updating.
Rite now ev one wuld find happiness and peace n kno they're luved
Don't worry..baby you got me..
She said she wasn't a freak, but she was down to try things.
: I have a d3 body with D4 talent.
Westy U got the most out of ur body.
Now I need to get the most out of blackie
This is my last cry.
This is the only way, this is my own prison.
I'm frozen in time.
She wants to do the wobble at the reception....gotta get my camcorder ready cause she has NO rhythm at all!!!
is there a synonym for didn't?
There have been more perfect games thrown than there have been 4 HR games hit
In which I shamelessly use the term human obsolescence go.usa.gov/nn3
now that my friend I dont have the time for lol
just discovered his home servers are on a gfci circuit.
oops.
great catch at the end for the win!!!
I'm convinced no one from my generation uses a flat sheet on their bed.
Idea: flatsheetnotincluded sheet sets.
Costs less.
Less waste.
Home for the holidays!
Enjoy it, dude!
sounds good.
We appreciate you!
RT : I see we have a new follower who is a great supporter of our company  our artist
look before you leap....
You might SMASH!!
a frog....
lol
Okay, awesome night, lots of photos to come, but that bike ain't going to ride itself in the morning......
g'night!
3
Somethin gives me the feeling Sarah Phillips wears underwear with dickholes in em.
my last day of classes is June 12th then I have to take regents 
Journalists Who Stare At Goats?
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
thingsthatpissmeoff iPhone freezes, when u only have one button it needs to work
NFL Mock doctorft 2012: Chicago Bears Get Defensive Help With Michael Brockers  SB Nation
check out they will be playing warped tour this summer  the girlzgarage tent!
SHUT UP THEY JUST WON HOLLLLLAAAAAA
BOTDF Tonight At The Social Who The Fuck Else Is Going.?!?!?!
I always bet on the dark dark horse for at least one bet you never know!
Today is just a werid day
Never to early to make plans for fun Get your Napa On!
now im lost
Happy Mother's Day, mine isn't on Twitter though.
Send in your ?s for the Young Arabs panel at fosiQ re gaming, Arabic content, addiction, etc
It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Anon
they are of course.
Hopefully you're enjoying your holiday break!
Just wanted to wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving...from the team :
When he says he wants to axe you something, he is not speaking in slang.
He is
One of the bigger things keeping my from the Burn.
Hoping for a decent night's sleep before our big appearance on with at 7am.
See you then!
simply does not work.
You do an excellent job illustrating this.
Still have not seen or met a single turk in dc.
Thank u.
I moved from Alabama.
What about you?
...it's the transforming power of the city.
You up for chatting via claudio's by the bridge.
you're coming back to New York?!
Can't wait!
party :
War Room Brigade!
sad.
i hate breaks.
RT : Last new episode for a couple weeks TONIGHT.
The return of Todd Packer!
Should be a non PC riot.
3 RT : just got my weddingdoctorss today :D and its pretty..yeaahhhh!!
so excited to wear it...
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Tortilla and Cauliflower.
Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Super busy day today, no time to tweet.
Don't tell that to Habermas!
we aim to please!
Thank you for the kind words!
do you doctornk vodka with your grandparents and talk about girls?
i do.
RT: Can't wait to get home and knock the fuck out!!!!!!!!
So many tweets about food...It's making me hungry.
We'd definitely shift in the overhead compartment.
Mainly due to flagging down the flight attendant for a doctornk.
I woke up cuz I had to pee  now idk why im tweeting..
bahaha
Alex Gonzalez is a Brewer?
Why does that not feel like something to talk about?
Enjoying Mark Lowe's Understanding Court Records, its a hands on workshop.
We are working!
RT : ladies and gentlemen, today's demo day conversation will be under the GLdemoday please love it and use it:
Dang!
and the proper response would have been Thanks.
I know My Mom was a Floridian!
Parents had a little beach house there!
I miss it!
Getting ready for NAPEO in September.
Link your Social Media and get listed.
How a guy is supposed to get 500 people without causing alarm is beyond me
That awkward moment when you think someones waving at you but they aren't.
3 Finalists Named in Dodgers Bidding
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
I could only hear the bratty 2 year old.
Not sure if the mom was around.
Regardless, don't take a kid like that to a restaurant
Today thank you for today
: A Libra will love you  love you, until you give them a reason not to, then love you some more still but from a distance
RT : Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude, and a lady with class.
The Rabid Vehicle is en route to Kansas!
All of these comments will be available to students in the fall prior to course selection.
So there's that!
Calling all TCOT love to ehar from you so I can follow.
the funk you up dj team is throwin down  striker lanes in oak park il.
Sometimes, the outlook rules I set outsmart me
A5: She's selling soft doctornks.
The brand is facing heavy competition from the other category leader.
Same demos.
I love u
can I take a quickure nervous kg to Jeff Garlin in the elevator at the ritz
If i catch you skypin we gonna be figjtin Got this blade off in my purse and your face I will be slicing
O!
Lmao!
ROTF!
U uh fool for that
How to Find the Right Style of Yoga for You //lifehacker.com/5803333/howtofindtherightstyleofyogaforyou
Done!
www.eggfast.com www.eggfast.com/franchise
BUT, WHY?!
:/ JUST LETTME
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight.
Was so upset..
bro I'm down I know a bunch of good ones man!
Take an east TX to ARK tour
soo true I love it!!!!
I wanna milkshake now!
Just hearing her name!
Ha ha halarious!
I'm talking about Video Stop the movie that premiered to a packed house tonight  the IMAX.
Watching saddle bronc riding at the St.
Paul rodeo with a new cowgirl hat and boots and corn dog in hand.
Happy Bday America!
4thofjuly ...
Too bad!
RT: I'm gonna be at the FYE on Randolph St.
for an Unexpected Arrival cd signing!
Gonna be a dope day in Chicago tomorrow..
ok good!
Never like to hear about someone going to a hospital at this time of night, never a good thing!
:
Just think: if the Saints had beaten the Rams, they would have hosted this game and surely be moving on.
Ouch.
Still to be announced: two more films and our panelists.
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Follow the Number Boxing News and Updates on the Web
Open Saturday 9 to 4.
Box Lunch Delivery Free everyday for 3 or more people!
NowPlaying Girl  The Beatles
Don't get in my lane you'll get ran down I promise you
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com
Pamper yourself in Palm Springs!
Studio M Salon and Spa offering 20 off your first visit!
Who else is going to the OF concert tonight?
Kman's favorite Pandora channel is LMFAO.
What does this mean?
nowplaying Body 2 Body Ace Hood Ft.
Chris Brown
Wish I knew who doused me back.
Was right down my shirt.
SO WELL, to prove that in a broadcast live session gig she did for Capital FM here in London.
can u post it now cause I want to no if I got the part?!?
RT CorporateGreed and the attack on good jobs is out of control.
can I get a pair too?
I'm about to watch the Whole First Season of BigTimeRush and Then Watch bigtimemovie!
Thats how much a fan i am of Big Time Rush!:D
Hi libchat, I'm Christian, library associate, LIS student, and intern.
From MD.
3.25 a gallon in Dearborn: Telegraph between Ford and Warren!
Being excited about this reminds me that 2 years ago I'd be weeping at same.
on way to sfjazz collective gig in ny at jazz standard.
great shows last night!
tonight  saturday, ny, crazy fans  can't wait!
Awful, Corey.
Awful.
Well, I deleted your message, so the answer is probably No.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms OF engineers and all the moms who ARE engineers.
There wouldn't be engineers without you.
yeah your tweets are boring haha jk but yeah I got a waterproof iPhone case now so I gotta tweet about it haha
pee on u
opening the finest bottle of champagne that an office party white elephant gift exchange can provide
He sure does!
I bought a bunch of brushes and nail polish because everyone makes it seem SO easy, but it's NOT!
Yes, : hr please!
U choose
Hey Neen.......
why I don't never hear from you no mo ????
I don't worry about shit cus I really don't care about nothing.
That'sMyAttitude
Yes they do actually have one here in Dallas!!
: 13350 Dallas Parkway Dallas, TX 75240
yet another reason you rock  part of the proud antisandal brigade.
Gotta start watchin what i tweet!
MENTION ME IF YOUR TEAM ARISON!!!
; so I know you would approve of me and madison dating, ya know if it ever happens neversaynever lol
Apparently there's a football game tonight...
haha.
It's okay she seems really cool.
Calling someone pooballs and them not getting it
My boyfriend  I need help.
threadless has that but its a sticker
Great to hear from you.
Hope all is well.
Not racing for us just yet but the pros are off and running.
March/April for us.
American Idiot at the Opera House was a blast last night.
I'd let Artest have that shot all night.
All series really.
He did so well last night.
Love his singing and his character!
Seems like a true artist.
2 looks great!
and better than the best?
Naked on the bed
So glad you enjoy your time there!
Have you taken the tour?
I like your Avi kid.
I am who I am...aint no changing me now.
my biggest fear is the dentist, does anyone have a big fear?
Dying to know how Gimme That Hat is accomplished.
Twitpic me?
Good news about being awake right now in U.S., awesome tennis to watch live while feeding Ava.
Thanks for the retweets about
Clustering is a way to identify patterns in the absence of student selfdeclarations about intended program of study.
A perfect method of adding doctorma to life is to wait until the deadline looms large.
Alyce P.
CornynSelby
I know I knew you would looks like you came out of Being in denial.
WATCH ME BEEF IT UP...
AYE TO CRUNK RITE NOW
getting shit done!
Hospital bound
I need to go eat ..
havent ate anything yet
I know, baby!
You are awesome!
Wow...
is opening up soon!?
Happy Happy Birthday!
This game has the worst umping!!
cc:
Coach, has the NCAA officially announced this?
i wouldnt have wasted my entire day watching NFL had i known they would end on two bone headed mistakes....
staying in town this year for that reason alone!
so disappointed for Bilbao on the night.
Madoctord was class.
Aha yes I am.
: For now.
xP DUDE I HAVE NO CLUE.
LIKE, I GUESS MY BROTHER?
Idk :/ Aha.
/3.
O OMG!!
he said Shawty OMG faints i love itt
Text me zoeys number if u still have it :D morning .
answered!
thanks for the heads up.
Where The Clipper/Cp3 Fans
im better so much better noww     
OSA is how i roll
The Power of positive thoughts.
Ron Paul just advocated to eliminate the income tax followed it up by challenging others to a bike race.
Who??
I mean you don't have to tell, but you can always DM me.
I have NO idea who hacked me :  Bretana
Why are all the boys from 1D beautiful?
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Cotton Tale Designs Lizzie Musical Mobile
Hooked on iPhone Solitaire.
My life is over.
I just feel bad for Cody
Hope everyone had a lovely Christmas :
Good game but Cotto put up a good fight
designing danceriddims trying to fix the login
nice fact.
Knowledge is power.
Useless or not.
The Chocolate Dominoes are still on clearance at Williams Sonoma.
Divine handcrafted bites melt in your mouth.
Ordering more for Vday!
Nvm my dad said I can't get rid of them..
I think the word you are looking for is false professort?
Great relat between Tabata and Walker there for that tag out!
Thanks for the !
nothing im mad tired lol
Anyone had luck updating a Harmony900 remote via Lion?
Contacted their support  no response.
do you know that song?
It's so old!
Haha
RT : When being line leader was the coolest job ever...
hey girl,!
Wanna do me a favor,?
I just finished my last libraryschool assignment of the semester.
One more semester to go!
Close your eyes and see the beauty...
Phrase of the day Icing on the sht cake
If dirks Jersey moves its a foul smh
I agree!
I also play good and lose daily.
Does that qualify me to also be a poker legend?
I likes th square one best, personally
Can't keep my eyes open any longer.
But if the Brewers blow this in the 9th, I don't want to see it anyways.
Folding up some nautical charts.
Sailing Adventure ahead.
boy howdy!
Because so many people went to our benefit at Pinkberry on Sunday we raised over 180 and now our team has enough to bike against MS!
Today is the day of spiders.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Lao Tzu
In a far off land a courageous band of freedom fighters are standing up to a repressive regime.
But enough about Wisconsin...
You guys are doing great stuff with the interviews, keep it up!
Salli is an underated beauty!
No disrespect to her hubbie, playa stay focused!
How much time did you spend playing with your dog or cat this weekend?
Sleeping, best way to pass the time 3
I think bringing Gibby is a brilliant idea just saying.
haha
NYT A1 sty on poverty bookended by ad for 10K watch and photo of  designer doctorsses.
Oh it scares me too!
Sigh.
Eventually i'll stop being such a baby about it: 
thanks for helping spread the word!
:
It is true I swim in a perpetual sea of sex but the actual excursions are fairly limited
My daddy  brother just left.
Came to visit me  Gia.
AdmitIt when you were younger you would take showers and when the water ran down your arms you thought you were a fucking water bender!!!
Our latest episode is about Swordplay movies, including Gladiator, 13 Assassins and Hanzo the Razor.
What's your favorite swordplay film?
Up and at em'!
Hey Dan!
Be one of the first to stay in a new Disney Story Room at Disney's Art of Animation Resort.
Contact us for your free quote:...
As advertised at a coffee stand No pastries, just pasties!
