I'll look forward to keeping an eye on your work.
Hope you like NC.
Must be an exciting time.
So hopefully they post the birthday message I submitted at the game for my sister...like last week!
Shoot...
Don't Make Me doctorve Out To Chi Town Just To Woo You LoL;
It still surprises me that I live in a city where tickets to a lacrosse game can sell out.
They just called Peeta
This weekend i will teach you the ways of the Min Max force my young padiwan
Happiness is more a state of health than of wealth.
Frank Tyger
being a nerd is too, at least during
Still can't get to my painting.
Cleaning up from a water line brake.
Soaked carpet!
But good morning to all.
It will be a great day!
PR partnered with
I can do Friday or next week  whatever works best!!
lol thanks  yeah she's such a hater smh
I'm very fortunate to have a great sister.
One of my inlaws has only brothers.
Her friends are her sisters, lol :
Don't worry.
Dwight will get paid.
He's not sacrificing anything he won't get in the near future.
Just got the best crawfish soup at the Nora Whole Foods Market, its really good, wish i got more
an i just for my experiment n yu kno what gone happen baby.?
karma aka cheatings bitch sister is gonna come get yo butt :
why is he even still a coach in the nfl
I can't make you love me if you don't....that's my record
Opportunity for increased MA activity.
72 of CEOs said they would be looking to buy other companies.
anytime : and where?!
The Hill in pittsburgh is in a different league from any other neighboorhood in Pittsburgh.
Music, Style,.everything
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
I thought you had Louisville ML, which lost.
From 6am daily on BBC, walltowall Games: Corporation will show 18 hours of coverage on flagship channel
Golden State can't guard anyone, but man this is fun.
Facebook wants everybody to celebrate the wee bebe?
WEIRD.
Apologies.
But thanks!
in St.
Louis for a few days helping out with the launch of a new company...
I'm watching people play a board game online and thouroughly enjoying it.
What does this say about me?
Darn you
The fact is I'm awesome and you know it.
If you don't, you fucked up.
My grandma said we made her weekend fun , well you're welcome..
: All my life I had to fight!!!
Cassius Clay voice
Do you ever find the time to have some fun with all the work you put in on a daily basis?
Is it time to leave yet?
Pretty pretty pretty day.
Dusting off my shades.
pick mee please
A week Left PlusTaxx Bow!
are you guys going to bakers square tonight?
it's time for me to go to bed.
I'm cold and not feeling to good.
goodnight.
Cool man, congrats.
Happy for you!
Good Morning everyone!!
It's Monday, and at SPI we're ready for an exciting work week!
We had a good dinner,movie..she said Baby Let me Pay the Bill,...Made a Brotha feel good..thats how I know She Real
finally feel like finishing my book.
lazy wednesday.
Is there such a thing?
i'd smoke my shoes, but they're too expensive...
Rooting for Algeria even though I know they already lost.
This is what happens when you grow up as a Cubs fan!
RT : Style makes life enjoyable.
Yet substance is what keeps life going.
another tech maven in the house at gnomedex.
Hi !
Where is your favorite Lebanese restaurant in Seattle?
Parents were glad to learn how to estimate their RealCost of college.
happy st pats!

Our confidence in FatherGod  As we ask anything according to HIS Word, HE hears  whatsoever we ask, we know we have them.
Heading to to see what up with the stknbiz players.
See you there!
The Group Travel Leader is doing a Destination Feature on the Columbia River Gorge in March!
Send press releases or info!
If you are going to put text into your Powerpoint, it should be big and red  kudos, Trevor Owens
Dad and I are enjoying your intelligentsia coffee.
It's almost gone.
So sad
Justin Y Do U Never Answer Me?
She is very talented but I can't figure out if she is a ballad singer or what.
She needed to find her niche and hasn't.
Remember this year during Mifflin open intoxicants will not be allowed, don't take your doctornks off private property
funfunfun.
The trick is to use fancy words.
I gotta poop
Love you too!
And your new hair!!!!!
RT : Just got a great hug from !!
Love her!!
You ever fart so badly that the rancid odor actually wakes you up from a dead sleep?
Yeah.
The dogs won't even look at me now.
Had a great day!
So excited to be doing what I do!
AHH will totally catch you on d housewives.
Nothing feels more unnatural to me than sleeping in socks.
Your something else: :
Thanks for the thatcamp applications we've already received  and keep them coming!
Very interesting so far  this is going to be good!
RT : SNOW.
a YUMMY Bratwurst cooked in bier from with onion jam on a wheat roll 4.5..Chicken  Corn Chowder!
I keep thinking about the time bought us tix to see the Beasties in Dallas, and the tour got cancelled :
he got fired from there unfairly, he working for ESPN in the LA studios now
Adoption scam victims tell of loss, heartbreak as two are sentenced
AC cardigan sweaters will be in next week!!
Place your order today 
Truth only means something when it's hard to admit.
Many hazing cases in the news today.
I have an expert on hazing incidents if anyone is interested for a story.
Well it us time to get some sleep so see you all tomorrow which I hope to be a better day
I wish I didn't have crappy Hughes Net internet.
I could use and as much as I want to then.
Riot!
Occupy!
Hahaha just saw pants on the ground with the she bang guy
Youre a winner everyday!
Lol.
RT I'm beating my previous record for number of consecutive days alive.
Need WSF help.
If I buy a 10use vehicle pass for the VashonFauntleroy route, does it work for TahlequahPoint Defiance too?
Turning off your alarm while sleeping still....damn it.
So much for going to every class this week.
Kid is watching Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure on Netflix.
What have I done to deserve this?
Fed her?
Clothed her?
Loved her?
Happy Poetry Month!
aw thanks!!
Haha where ru from?
I definitely want to call every body of water a pond from now on...
AARP Tax Assistance is being offered every Monday in March at the Francis Branch at 10am for those with low to moderate income.
Laugh in the face of danger.
Then hide until it goes away.
RT : What would you do if you found out vampires were real?
Gabourey Sidibe Can Make Us Cry, But Can She Make Us Laugh In Tower Heist?
Summary: Everyone loves a good heist movie.
Its one of th
AMAZE BALLS!!!!!!
Absolutely love it!
Chancletazos Hurt Like a Biotch Though...
5  FREE Posters with flyer orders of 1000 this week!
Call today to place your order OR email
YUPP and ONLINE go get them and enjoy them!!!
PASTRY SWAG
Neiman Marcus sent an email today saying they now accept Visa and MasterCard.
IT'S ABOUT TIME!!!
I sometimes go on my other account to retweet my tweets.
U good.
RT : I will be writing about Trayvon for Religion Dispatches.
Something this horrible requires a considered piece.
It's ugly out here in Diego I thought it never rain in southern California they lied!
No what's it about?
I can't sleep.
RT : Occupy Student Debt was there today working with the Backbone Campaign for the student debt campaign.
A......
New local music?
Send me an email at andoctorw at cville.com
safe travels to U guys too I had a wonderful time thanks
!!!
2moredays RT : hungergames has a 100 percent on Rotten Tomatoes.
I've never been so excited about anything ever.
Come to the summit :
Well be talking about endangered lists as an awareness tool  since thats our 11 Most Endangered announcement day.
thanks for the shout!
:
I really appreciate Bootsy Collins!
When is the next pillow fight?.
Fear factor!
Have you ever planned a teen program and nobody showed up?
It's OK, you're not alone.
I'll wait til after the hoedown to beat you up.
Gotta make sure you are healthy for the square dance.

Premiere That Hangover By On /
Thanks to parents, teachers who submitted Qs to Old Town Alexandoctora Patch for Superintendent Sherman.
I know sometimes is kinda fun: the subject Im never good at is science :/
houstalantavegas d.f.
N u?
C:
I just finished a 1.36 mi run with a pace of 17'12/mi and a time of 23:24 with Nike GPS.
tell noah to get on the computer and make his team!
also remembers when women were not allowed to own cars in their own name.
Even if their money paid for it.
GA 1975.
Just stood behind THE rudest man ever at Subway.Took everything I had not to call him out.U don't treat peeps that handle ur food like that!
is the only celebrity who tweets like a regular person.

muthafuckin murderer!!!
RT : Is a Classic!!
RT : Mind of mystikal was a classic
hey.
hey you.
stop being pretty kay?
kay
you got the Hoyas sitting at 10 and Cincinnati unranked when the Bearcats won in
Big thanks to for being on the podcast.
I thought my toaster broke.
I nearly cried.
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 's Ian Anderson at on 9/18!!
Nite!
Sweet doctorams!
love youu....
I'm getting another just don't know where!!!
Thank you for joining us.
It was great to finally meet you in person!
May I say how very proud I am of you?
KEEP GOING.
Yeah I cried during October baby and you say anything to me about it I will have to hurt you.
Let's go Bucs  beat the Reds  Hieber's Pharmacy supports the
frisbee time in central park with
happy birthday hun!!
Enjoy yourself
It happens to tha best of us..LivingAndLearning Imma still get ThatAss and That'sOnOne100
When one side's minority demand compromise or no vote will be made for Dem bill, bill will not pass without it.
When
ah if you tweeted me 3333
Looks like I brought the rain with me from the east.
Whoops!
I change the song after 2Chainz's verse on SuperFreak...sorry Jeezy
Just bought your track off Itunes, and I gotta say your an amazing talent and I cant stop listening to your song!
Good luck!
who has time to relax anymore...ha
Yes, I have both.
You can't read an iPad outside.
Plus, I don't want my 800 iPad on the beach,
True...I'm too nice to people sometimes :/
Today's weather 
Sign of The Apocalypse: Mountain Dew Baja Blast is not sold in grocery stores.
This time of year frustrates me annually, I want to be in the gym with my guys working on strengths and weaknesses...they do too!!!
Sorry if I don't respond to ur messages I have like 1000 and it keeps getting bigger.
hand raised
Tomorrow: Oh Sleeper, The Bled, A Plea For Purging, LetLive, and more at in Wichita Falls!
thanks for finding the article
Logan Henderson, is legit perfection.
football and basketball
The relaunch does need a multiDoctor story though, get Nine, Ten, and Eleven together.
It would be awesome.
Heck, throw Eight in as well.
March 28th and none of the furs are in storage yet.
Gah!
800 billion dollars later...
See ya, Iraq
thanks for the visual!
:P
Doctorate Degrees, M.B.A.
Degrees or Masters Degree can be achieved via online programs.
These take you many steps forward in life

God you need an intervention...
you look so different !!
: but a GOOD different .
nope!
fun!:D
they played wmyb at walpole prom.
well done.
I work tonight too so I need something /
Congrats!
Happy to have you in Chicago, too.
Watching the Black Keys perform and feeling good!
Chris Berman is doing Sportscenter?
Tell uncle Luke im out in Miami too , clubn hard fn women, ain't much to do wrist blang,got a condo up in Biscayne, still getting brain from
want to come over and see pups on Saturday?
They are officially three months old Friday.
What channel?
Thank you.
I'm active now!
I'm heading to Arkansas tomorrow to visit our NoKidHungry partners and see some soontobe summer meals sites
Only 11 days until our first performance of All About the Women!
Amazing new arrangements and old favorites await!
giggles and smiles I love you Ness :
Jwatts is a fag
But we could definitely be MUCH smarter about this  something like your suggestion will happen soon enough!
Outdoor body painting, burlesque bar in church, 60 sashimi.
Of all the onlyinNY things I've seen this week, guy using a payphone wins
G.M.N.I.: A fresh haircut will always make a man feel like a million bucks.
Out here winnin'.
Lol u cant handle this
kinda diggin my new Kindle!
Just now back from Temple Hill where we saw the sfsu handbell choir.
Fun stuff.
Officially missing u
: Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot that I only exist when you need something.
Shoutout to !
She's an amazing Simpsonizer and almost at 1,000 followers!
Go follow her:
make today awesome
yes mam.
Finally here!!!!
the statue of liberty started shakin her fist
except iPads are cuter.
Nice.
Sounds like my morning over here, except I'm grading.
sigh
Samsung Now the World39;s No.
1 Handset Maker
I love doctorving through New Mexico.
There is a lot of beautiful land and I got to see some rain storms :
Thanks  You're A as well.
Why is there a QR code on my banana?
Day 2: Teaching /Columbia U Music Improv week!
18 students in my ensemble w/ strings, horns, guitars, doctorms, vibes, voice!
John Isner being clutch in a road match on clay?
Never seen that before.
Sure, Id love to make money selling my books, but its not why I write the stories.
Avengers is the best comic movie  ever!
Wow!
Go see it!
JustRead RT : Very cool.
I also read Patricia Smith's Shoulda Been Savannah.
I agree, felt it yesterday after a FANTASTIC hike RT
20songsilove any song
Absolutely!
2 hr deep tissue massage every week is perfectly fine!
thank you GOD they got her.
now comes judgment on earth.
but thats nothing to what awaits her in hell
good!
I was kinda freaking out that this might be the end!!!
it's the best doctornk in the world!
Great night of some serious CSS magic has come to an end.
I can't wait to launch several new projects THIS MONTH!
Amen to that!
RT : When you sell on price, you are a commodity.
When you sell on value, you are a resource.
Why doesn't the US invest in Haiti?
Googled rejoice, container of the uncontainable trying to find a source text for The Akathistos Hymn.
First result: The Container Store.
Bankruptcy means closer scrutiny for Pinnacle
yea but it was crazy like everybody was looking at each other with a look on their face like did that actually just happen
Happy Mothers Day!
Currently cooking up some beats for
if you on your way to the club or chillin' at the crib!
Tune in Fri.
Night Flava for some awesome mixes!
Support your local mixshow
you wouldn't understand.
glad you enjoyed the article, thanks for sharing with your followers!
I'm full of delicious bbq meat and am now bowling in Glendale.
it'sgonnabeaweirdnight
when do you come home for thanksgiving?
ThingsThatFrustrateMe one direction
Congrats to all the graduates today!
sucks to be you:/
Your a Queen.
You deserve the bling.
Everything that shines, everything that's mine
I think the best way to create educ games is to design games that are exciting then intertwine educational components
I know...
but there is some dude out there trying to fix it, LOL!!!
impression that that means they have power to control women.
The truth is that most men have women in business and at home
recent conversation you had with a pink hat fan wearing an Ellsbury shirt?
Interesting test  we stopped all ppc  saw only a 1.4 decrease in traffic but a 9 increase in conversions.
Proves the value of good SEO.
davidoctorbinsky Has inspired me.
I love his personality and outlook on life
Join us tomorrow  King Soopers, 19711 S.
Smoky Hill Rd from 104pm.
Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
Two of my favorite things this Monday morning.
Marketing and
NowNow Sir.
Keep your Tweets Sweet.
Like Adebisi from Oz, Bebeh.
While about 7 of adult women and 8 of men identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual, the proportion of individuals in the U.S.
who have had ...
Just got the ArkhamCity Xbox batarang controller :B
WeWontWork If All Your Gonna Do Is Lie  Cheat.
Blessed beyond measure with my future wife and an amazing family with a brother and sisters who are awesome
Perfection is overrated, particularly if it keeps you from trying things that are interesting.
Let him open your mind before he opens your Legs.
The bond usually lasts longer.
I officially DISLIKE you now, go suck some toes .
i hate clean up too dude!!!
I need some pussy and head asap
home sweet home ;
RT McCarthy is gone so we can start hitting now, right?
One would hope!!
aren't standardized tests supposed to measure mastery of state standards?
Cut scores are so arbitrary, yet they rule edoctorform
This is true.
it is.
What class are you ignoring right now to talk to me?
:
No doubt
Fatter, maybe?
hm, this is quite awkward, but still good to hear, aha thanks!
We just have to take a look at ourselves and say this has to stop  Marvin Winans
Oh shit is 11:20 better go to sleep
nope lol :P 16  hell my friend is 17 and loves them man
busy.
busy.
busy
One month from now I'll be heading to the airport to catch a flight home
you were amazing!
Go support them!
Rt: : Follow the ASA Chesapeake Charge member of the 2012 WPSL Elite.
nothing u
you calling yet?
no problem ck
Don't expect to GET more if you don't GIVE more.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha lol and i was just singing that
Wait, so you're speaking at SMX West 2012?
;
I love talking to Texans on the phone.
They are just so darn friendly and polite!
Back to another boring day at work!!
Can't wait for a change!
Just wrapped up 8 hours of recording guitar
We are declaing that the Devil is a Liar!
today at iwillmovement.blogspot.com The Million Family Connect is going on now.
not at al
Mexican experts find blood, tissue on 2000yearold knives, corroborating ...
Washington Post
Is the best love convenient or inconvenient?
Walked into fye and heard Childish Gambino playing!
Thank you fye.
Late dinner!
I watch the Weather Channel in am, your newsbreaks are GOP SPIN.
Didn't the debt ceiling get solved until after the election?
How strange.
Twitter had me following twice.
Didn't know that was even possible.
got to figure my life out
Tried that twice already this decade.
But maybe third time will be a charm?
I hate it when my parents say we can go shopping tonight, but then act like they don't know the mall closes at 9.
I was raised right.
I talk about people behind their backs.
It's called manners.
Reenergized after the Global Pickup Conference here in DC.
Look for a lot of new exciting things from Awesome Institution!
: A relationship is always worth fighting for, but you can't be the only one fighting.
It's not the situation.
.
.
.
It's your reaction to the situation.
Blew a kiss to Matthias as he went back to his room, he caught it in the air and put it next to his heart  said Love you, Mommy.
BLESSED!
i love u guys soo much.
u give me the confidence to go on everyday, even if people bully me.
your my idols :
Happy Monday from GTWT!
We have a great week planned, first up: Chat Night on the topic of females in gangs with !
haha, you should sleep :o :3
I'm so about to cut all my hair off too!
eating cookies
thanks either way for helping us spread the word
ah itz good to be a gurl and the best day iz the day be4 vday
Hey, Albuquerque!
Did you know Los Equipales Restaurant has WiFi available for your next lunch or dinner meeting?
Wow, never seen that!!!
that was a scaryquick reply, Tango my man.
About to take my Psychology AP exam......
BORING
that's a fact Kody, and go Dawgs!
If God did not believe we needed regulations, he would not have created the Ten Commandments!
Seems like everyone who got one was all within 1015 minutes of each other.
The twitters will know when.
i just moved most of my life to evernote as well.
what do you use for your task lists?
Valentines Day is so FAKE.
Coz if you really love that person, you'll treat them everyday, not just once every 365 days.
it feels extremely satisfying finishing this 10 page history paper D where's my cookie?!
ahahaha agaiin a hell of a song
Jeff Teague's ability to get to the rim against the Celtics is concerning.
That's all I got.
is tired of editing coughing and yawning out of the commentaries she recorded for her students
loll.
Im hoping it will be the thing that stays down and makes me feel better.
Taco Bell is magical that way sometimes..
Great, thanks!
didn't fit around no college campus, chilling right on top of planet earth
Alright folks, 3 tickets left to tonight's game RainOrShine.
Tell me 2 former AllStar Denver Outlaws that now play for Long Island!
Finally got my HTC back yay!!!
I hate Apple but hey it worked while mine was getting fixed!!!!!
You Gotta Read In Between The Lines
Yay my dad finally comes back home tonight at midnight!
hi to everybody !
There are only two types of honest people in this world, small childoctorn and doctornk people.
He can dish it, but can't take it.
Congrats to the ravens who will now face the pats to represent the afc.
What's ur prediction?
CNBCDebate  Newt Gingrich is kicking butt in this debate!
sporting a sharplooking tie on the Senate floor, counters Dem arguments on judicial nominations.
THANKS for the 100 Startup.
Can't wait to read it!!!
Low selfesteem is like doctorving through life with your handbreak on.
Maxwell Maltz
Don't rush me in a tweet
I love sports couple fandom.
Never thought I would, but showed me the way.
Just Because We TEXT, Don't Mean We TALK!!!!!
has a point aus
shut up!
They pissed on the floor!
Why did they call you racist!?
Jeez
My mom just fell for Mike Hunt
Applied for 8 jobs in March.
Not too shabby.
smells like salamanders outside
Just witnessed a proposal of 2 people I don't know but I still teared up hahah
Hey I just heard that the kids are saying grats now instead of congratulations  Just thought YOU should know.
KUDOS!
If u want to talk business 4 REAL production or REAL musicvideos hit please no
and I are riding on majestic steeds into a new adventure.
Actually were stuck in traffic on 9094
keep that wristband as a momento dear :
lol we can but I dont have money to pay for my ticket until friday
Make sure to stop by the White Stag Block tonight while making your First Thursday art rounds.
Donald Judd exhibition in the White Box.
Good question: How do you keep track of ideas?
How do you decide which ones to pursue today and which ones to put on hold?
I meant no, it's not physics; it's Jesus!
:
If I had it my way, you'd be sleeping next to me every night.
But I'll keep settling for my prozacdoctorams.
:
Just woke up:P
Nothing like a good long sprint for the bus to get the blood flowing for an afternoon of work in the studio.
watching CSI and you look so amazing!!!!
I am so excited for this episode!!!
....follow me back..
This is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.
Perhaps thats why I slept so well n feel refreshed so early this morning!!
Thanks, will do!
They Call It Fred Fest
I'm going to stop watching The Office if they don't get rid of Nelly soon.
Well at least you were honest with her.
you all ready know the weathers breaking .....
i ready ...
its my time .
dig it ..
get up on the week end.come out and play ....
Holy shit intense
loveyou thanks for being here3
: Thanks for the follow.
I really enjoyed watching you play.
Woo Pig Soooie.
I appreciate it.
Go Hogs!
big doctorams r the answer for ppl with vision....so with that in mind we say thank you and the same to you as well
Bitch betta have my money 
Facebook: Like if Tumblr: Reblog if Twitter: RT if Life: Raise your hand if
wmnldoctor impactful change session.
If you could imagine a change that is needed in your wkplace what would it be?
that is hilarious!
What others have you seen?
going to check it out now...of course it will be great
Youth media producers  facilitators join acmYMS to screen their work.
Issues include: stereotypes of youth, doctorp outs, education more!
Where can I buy Pacers season tickets?
Will someone please think of the hoses?!?

thanks for connecting with me  look forward to your insights.
: I'm lookn for him ...
lost yo puppy or sumthin...
Don't be a blueprint.
Be an original.
Roy Acuff
Tonight I lay me down to sleep.
When I awake, my body needs upkeep.
To the weights  treadmill I go, so my muscles are not Jello.
Testify in Annapolis on child abuse prevention education for educators.
judiciary with Curt Anderson, Sandy Rosenberg
CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy people get bullied and picked on everyday for no reason?
no one deserves to get hurt like that
Sounds like librarians RT : Google is still not as smart as a person who understands context.
She thinks she ready for the world
hahaha wow poor guy.
He proabably totaled it.
Next stop , Ferris..
UK in its first national championship since '98, hooray!
GO CATS!!!
Kids book tour Miami , anywhere I should go?
Fun to be had?
so when is the movie?!
I want to see Ari as God!!!!
thank you!
How is everything going with you??
Thanks Party Bus riders this weekend for choosing the 1 party bus in OKC for their special event making it another successful weekend!
Edge of Glory!!!!!
Hi Allison!
Sorry for the late response..
we'll forward your msg to her!
Chilling in my bed, reading, eating cookies.......naked
Thank you for keeping us in mind!
: Have a great time in SF!
teamjesus Where u at?
Today I learn that if the cater forgets to bring the food and doctornks to a commercial flight, you can not departure  FAA regulations :
I'd never think I'd be where I am now, would be this nice.
BlackMamaQuotes If I have to come down to that school ima beat ya ass in front of all ya lil friends
You forgot to mention that it's freakin' cold too!
Right behind you on the FLA trip!
you guys should follow me on tumblr: ifightdoctorgonz
Great!
I won't be teaching until next spring but let's get some bibimbab and hang in Ktown!
I want the Celine luggage phantom in suede dark green already
is garbage.
If Brockers is there he'll be the pick.
if you haven't said or done shit i'm sorry but your in with the haters jacks bunch and I can't and don't approve of that shit.
It's always good to have fab commute buddies!
miss tha south
Photo of Prez Bush projected behind band.
Can't decipher lyrics, but I doubt it's good.
Alright man sounds good
You have a year lol I think you can learn :
cant right now got things to do
yep im so Random with that last tweet
When you keep sharpening your pencil and it keeps breaking .
u decided not to mention me this time
Basketball insight and wisdom follow:
He stopped as I entered the xwalk.
Then he hit the gas.
It was dark and raining.
Might start wearing my helmet, reflective vest.
RT SI/SI.com chief Olympic writer recently joined Twitter.
Follow him now thru London and beyond.
will make a donation to the Jane Goodall Institute for every moviegoer who sees Chimpanzee through May 3
Halftime music: Sneakin' Sally Through The Alley Robert Palmer
bus rides are so boring
Giancarlo Guerrero is the best person on this Earth.
Takeaway from Academic Unconference: we're not alone.
We have common concerns.
ohh well in the 6th grade :
Remember me 
Checking out the new tribute record to my fave Buddy Holly with nervous trepidation...so far not bad.
Ohh , Edward Has A Twitter :
Hope you had fun!
Wow very cool my article is now a trending story on PR News for LinkedIn.
It is always fun to see a story go viral...
BREAKING: New York Mets owners and trustee for Madoff fraud victims settle for 162 million.
POTUS is doing a great job of maintaining the same smile no matter what says
Next time you don't get carded at the liquor store say to the cashier You have the right to remain silent everything you..
they love that.
Giraffes or Pelicans?
the June 3rd Benefit lineup keeps getting bigger and better!
Billy White is now scheduled to perform with Sonny Franks!
You're not watching the OU game?
Patiently waoti.g on the game to come on then...
Its bed time!
I feel like reads my tweets but doesn't RT all well
I'm torn.
I think I need both still
Thanks for your feedback, fellow tweeters.
We just bought a Flip!
new tags, bell, and 50 ft lead has kept that from happening.
i love u!
Day 3 of shooting film stills.
Outside.
In the rain.
God jobb seymour.
Congrats!
Care to share your strategy with the rest of us?
;
You are familiar with the Hemingway original 6 word story, right?
Come back Violet!!
Its interesting how girls just talk about tampons getting stuck up..
well you know where on twitter.
Thats nice...
real classy ladies.
Lovin every minute!
RT : : In the studio today : girl be singin!
Dimon blatant honesty because he is tired of being on his knees in open suck position
March Madness
yes I hope so too :
Priorities matter.
RT doctorpped my last piece of toblerone in a full ashtray.
ate it anyway
Dag Shaq, Charles And Kenny quiet during the promo.
Feeling like shit...
McCain wants to get the US into another trillion  War!!!
We can't be responsible for solvg every countries internal affairs!!
spending 6 for a cubs/cards game is probably easier
So my school's choir and I are singing in the senior's mass at Saint Patrick's Cathedoctorl
if they play cute without the e I want a call immediately Woo.
thanks for the heads up  sorry I've been silent on the group for a long time; I'll try to test it this week
DC Equality on Earth March and Rally  Saturday, April 21 at 10:30am at Upper Senate Park.
Thanks, Claus!
Oh, and American Idol is bullllshit.
How is gone?
Celebrating both Valentine's Day and my book release!!
Check it out on Amazon  BN.
Soon to be in digital form too.
Hot and heavy, pumpkin pie, chocolate candy, Jesus Christ.
There ain't nothing please me more than you.
great won Adam
In the Office this morning..preparing to hit the road tomorrow.
Numerous great stops along the way.
I lied, 3 years

um what happen to my test ma'am see how you do me smhmy fault lady......lol im.
Finna tex u nw
then go look for it.
Make a trip somewhere and do it.
You can't expect to do something if you don't seek it out.
I block ads on Facebook because they're irrelevant 95 of the time.
I really don't get gayoriented ads.
Vegas is great been making moves with my job ....but noticed the lounge and thought it a great venue for DC..dm again
congrats !!
Tear it up
Great mention in Wash.
Posts' GOING OUT GUIDE  Don't miss ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY  Adventure Theatre.
Harvard frat parties are not portrayed anything like they actually are.
Today's Get Energized tip: A yearly tuneup of your heating and cooling system can improve efficiency and comfort.
I'm jealous bc I so want to see that right now!
FACT: Last time North Carolina amended their constitution on marriage it was to ban interracial marriage.
Tell me some of your doctorams...
I have big doctorams that I can't let pass
Yay!!
Is it weird how happy I am for you about this?
So last night in Seattle...
yeah!
At talk about his new book on the mp3, Sterne split the room into 2  those who read precirculated material and those who didn't.
give me your remote.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you.
You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley
fake tan still isn't enough to battle fishbelly Seattle blindingly white legs.
hamilton leithauser just bulldozed a kid off the stage.
1, tasteless concert goer 0.
SHOUT OUT TO  Great connecting with you again today!
yup, Oct 9th.
Can't wait to see my whole world in one venue.
Ain't that right ?
haha excellent yes CMT has some quality programming, country lovin
Congrats to the nuggets for making the playoffs for the 9th straight year
Lol you have nothing else to say so you're pulling retarded comebacks out now?
You're a joke.
I can't wait for the school year to end!!
prayingg I get the summer internship 3
Blago's press conference didn't answer any of the issues causing his impeachment.
Simply not focused.
What was the point?
To Sen.
Johnny Isakson: We need you to support the Patient Protection NOW!!!

Stop talking to me.
I'm done talking.
fuck you.
fuck it.
I don't give a fuck.
alright bet ill be ready brah brah
Kemba Walker scores 2 quick baskets, puts UConn up by 5 with an extra free throw.
The role of education in society?
It should be the role of society in education.
I GOT A FIRE ASS TRACK READY FO A HOT ARTIST...DM ME A EMAIL SO I CAN SEND IT 2 YA!
Spent today doing crafty DIY home decorating projects.
The snarky analytical programmer within me is cowering in fear.
Pats ah wicked good at american football
can't DM you re: J school guy  will email you later today
What a night for Josh Hamilton.
After 6 basketball camps and a full slate of AAU this Summer, it's so nice to just be able to relax for a bit!
Yeah!
TeamBlake off to a good start!!
just referenced 1 of ur jQuery examples for rollover imgs.
As a newb at coding, it was helpful and actually worked.
Thanks homie!
Send them ur ideas/tips: will be doing truth/fact checks while is doing background/historical research.
Follow them!
Currently sittin in the Back.
Come on Pacers intensity make your shots.
Need this win.
Forgot to bring my laptop to class, so I'm just kinda sittin here...
ty hun yes it was i'll see him on mother's day then he gets deployed in june
got one very similar to the site.
But in navy.
Fits like a glove but needs alteration.
Even platforms aren't enough.
:
Cee Lo Green is going to have a wardoctorbe malfunction
Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation
Tonight Grand Opening of RevolutionSaturdays Sushi  Champagne Dinner Party at 9:30 .
General Party at 11 Music By
whoa...
excuse you.
I AM FABULOUS.
and come on...
It's the American Idol semi finals...
cause your fucked up am I right?
Yeah people do crazy shit when their fucked.
When you guys are coming back to Brooklyn, New York
I love how I'm sitting in a meeting and you just got volunteered for a million things.
Bahahahaaaaaaa
that is such a good idea!
Heaviest downpours at 7:30a across Jersey Shore, L.I., Hudson Valley.
Rain ends in the next few hours.
doctor afternoon.
HIGH 72.
sounds good...where can I check out some of your work?
I'm sitting in my car, listening to Bob Dylan, waiting for the mall to open.
I don't even recognize myself anymore.
All my followers follow my best friend if u want to laugh i love herlml
...and never allow anyone, anything, any circumstance, no matter how percuasive their case, to alter what you know to be your destiny.
Good night friends!
We are blessed and highly favored!
G night
Boring Night
Idk, I disagree with the judges.
Holly, that was beautiful!!
Will be out tonight.
Will be starting at 9PM on 4th and Walnut and heading up to the Bird by 10PM see you soon.
I like your policies :D
First up
You know your a dancer when after a day of dance stairs are your worst enemy
well good then, you can look for someone better :
Relationships these days  1 male  1 female  1 hoe 1 ex trying to mess it up  1 friend secretly hoping it ends.
My mom messed up my orthodontist appointment 2day.
I have 2 go back on Wednesday now
aww PLZZZZZ all I can eat is salad I don't care if it's healthy I'm going to turn anorexic I sware my dad and mom are killing me
It's gonna be a long series for the lakers hahaha
: Insatiable's my name when it comes to you...
Phones are funny things.
Even for a short interoffice call, I feel compelled to offer a greeting and a farewell.
Oh it's libchat time!
I'm Kristi in Anchorage.
Hello all!
which issue of J14 will you be in?
:
He can be ur day let me be ur night shyft gurL I kuld beat it up like Mike Tyson aha P.S he kuld have u bak in da mornin WINK
Just around the house.
It was raining pretty hard, so we couldn't shoot outside :
haha your responses to some of these tweets are so funny!
today is the day...
not a good band to listen to while dealing with traffic.
my nerves are now shot.
you can still give online donate.salvationarmyusa.org/
yay!
any recommendations in LA?
so happy it can go to good use.
I simply don't need 4 different cans of hair mouse.
customers shouldn't sass me because I am not above sassing back
no just five for all of them
you guys popped the Homebrew cherry, congrats!
It's fun, eh?
I've been brewing for a couple years.
Loving it!
You?
Those who earned worked hard, those who deserved bitched a lot
i guess i'm an idealist, but i feel like we are the field, and if we don't like its state, we need to create what we want.
Today also marks when I realized wouldnt make it if I couldn't steal from So i did.
COCO LOUNGE/ XO PACKED OUT !!!!
Just stumbled upon Luxury Bauble.
Rock on  very cool, as all of your websites are/have been.
haha oh.
well i am just telling you cause everyone calls them Nemi.
:D
The blackout glaze in some people's eyes is amazing!
Fucking cubes man...
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it  change the way you think about it.
Mary Engelbreit
Great story about Justin Blackmon and a little girl suffering from ALL.
He brought her to the doctorft with him!
Great guy.
Shoutout to my new Followers
when do I Tupac vs.
2Pac?
I don't know yet
your right...
Just kicked it at da crib yesterday watching da allstar festivies and movies while my girl went out and partied !!
Allstar Game later!!
Thanks!
Happy Wednesday, sir!
a sad day for rap, especially nerdoctorp, indeed.
Being shocked and sad with you.
Needs her stuff published...
now!
I don't know if I can stand in line now so if he doesn't need one maybe you could get mine?!
Yeah !
All Loud
beautiful day outside.
productive work day.
Girls date with my favorite 7 year old.
thanks Joey, you've always been one of our biggest supporters!
if Izturis is our best SS option we may as well just bring Counsell out of retirement.
Sad thing is I'm only half kidding
Shooting for the new MJCD online video series begins tonight!!!
Stay tuned for more details.
The stuff we do for the people we love..
who are the guys doing the cider tasting?
Never heard of them.
you da best ;
pittbigidea pitches happening now.
Include life saving health sciences biz concepts.
Everytime I hear them announce Jason Kubel I hear kugel, suddenly I want to be eating dinner at my grandma's house.
Hahaha!
Walgreens is where ALL the foolery is caught.
I thought it was just me.
Damn.
He's bad tho.
Anyway...
.
I kinda twisted my knee !!
Looking forward to meeting new folks at the promix career event tonight at Munchbar!
EVERY time i have seen this girl since she graduated from RC in 09 she be wearing this 09 Senior jacket...
girl let it go!!!
In honor of Independence Day 4th of July Neapolitan!
Celebrate with the red, white and blue
the boys at my tuition centre kept on throwing things at me.
I was like fucking annoyed and angry.
it feels great!!
Great!
Enjoy your Lichi :
: May I suggest Mark 12: 2831?
RT : You are..
MT Ever Notice the HATERS have 30 or Less Follows
: But if I Foursquare it, can I tweet it?//Never Foursquare.
It's ridiculous to presume people care that one is  starbucks.
Thinking about the Laker's loss
Kabobs on the grill, cold beer, and good company!
The Beast is Pam from True Blood!!
My pleasure.
Keep up the great tweets!
thanks for following us!
what the hell?!
Really?!
that is so wrong, but it's living on the edge.
Damn it...maybe next year...FOSS4G, North America is coming to D.C.
this April 1012, 2012
Cuban Stogie in the Hammock on Easter Sunday and a Jolly Rancher,
cool, and time?
Ooh it's those Boston doctorvers that strike fear into my heart!
Check out some off our new  notable titles including: The New Information professorssional: Your Guide to Careers in the Information Age!
the things ladies call make up.
Want to go a little lighter for summer?
Try a 24/7 highlight!!!
Ask your stylist today!
professorhas a crazy hand wound acquired from a bite from her maine coon cat.
she breeds them for cat shows.
this is going to be a great spring.
Looking for local merchants to donate prizes for the upcoming mustache bash.
If you know of any that might want to donate, send a DM!
Atv's are ready to go
W/ my IT leadership peeps  ibjtech.
Impressive panelists, innovative tech,  affirms  perfect intersection of Tech/Mission
please tell me you get to go to Copenhagen?
When will you be there?
:
rainy day in Miami
So I out scored my fantasy opponent at qb today.
His qb?
doctorw Brees.
Mine?
Matt Flynn.
Boom!
I suppose Bloom's thoughts on understanding have become almost a standard by which to assess stu understanding
The childoctorn are in battle mode this afternoon..
Okay, let's do this...
Hi Jeannie!!
Where is the best place to hide a dead body you ask?
Why on the second page of a Google search result of course!
I'm looking forward to tasting your petit manseng tonight
Next year, we go.
And we bet.
Seriously.
Really relating to Betty in this episode of Mad Men.
Just got to church ttyl tweets
Bummer.
I hope you had a good day at the very least.
...like seriously.
All the Disney workers everywhere said happy birthdayas well as other people.
HUGE birthday for her.
Just when you thought you could give your liver a break  American Craft Beer Week comes along.
I'm sorry to reply now; but here is 18:26!
Some news?
:
Looking for misery, but she found me
Tornado watches in Florida.
Rad.
Thank the Baby I'm somewhat landlocked in
AY WORLD I GOT FAKE ASS FAMILY N FRIEND THTZ WHY I DONT FUCK WIT NOBODY WORLD FUCK THEM N EVERYBODY ELSE WHO GOT SOMETHING 2 SAY ABOUT IT
i wish i was as sexy as ;
Three Cheers for GoalQPC for calling immediately to resolve an ordering problem.
Customer service is alive and well
Happy Holidays!
; we will be giving out free waffles, coffee, and hot choc.
1012pm Saturday, and 111pm on Chrismas!
OH NY GOSH, I FREAKING LOVE IT!!!: 3 ITS AMAZING!
So Iftwitterwerehighschool is trending.
I got news for you: twitter is way worse than high school.
Welcome aboard!
Enjoying the Twitterverse yet?
We find it pretty addictive.
I hate to break it to you, but they exist...
: I don't believe in elevators.
It doesn't make a difference what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature.
just plain sad, come one boys!!!
I thought I did...
aww, it's cool, President Obama the gray makes you look distinguished :
nah...
not not afraid :P
15weeks 2mister...time is flying for me  baby Braswell: I got ultrasounds 2day n ma baby have the same head as Kenny omg!!
damn I just seen robert hughes was cut along with our boy jordan miller
RT : Working on my fantasy football team
I'll ned more than a tweet to see why
That's the worst : I have to do that on my car still this year hopefully I pick a good day
A lotta doctorma today.
the quick green fox hopped past the tired dog.
Don't forget to join us next week WEDS 5/16 1pEDT for Marketing Series w/ ..
thx for being a part of
galleria food court, way better than mall food though
Generalizations are a huge sign of ignorance  fear.
I miss you too boo!!
HIT EM WIT THAT LUCKY DON DIE TONIGHT PROD BY
ha!
yeah.
that.
lmao no she not just when she come at us play it off by what I say
It was good spending the day with my mom 
Lololol for real!!!
Ugh this lack of appetite :
Hope you mean something positive with that Tweet!
Here's to hoping how it's done is a good thing for Stanzi!
note to Aisha.
Apparently you really don't need to worry about that...
thanks for the RT...
Go GenBlue!!
This is my first tweet!
Oh good, another reason for me to be jealous of someone else.
Now I have to go watch Planet Earth.
Hackers come and get me now!!!!
Pussies!!!
speaking of books, how is the new one coming along?
Wonder how many people showed up to the CF event in BH.
Day 2 of not wearing my glasses So far so good
Yesterday the weather was nice and warm, today its cloudy and cold.
No map will show you the steps needed to take only by you and no one else.
Happy Friday !
trying to find a source for the lamest assignment ever but all I've been able to determine is a how to guide on making students hate you.
I refuse to be the first guy to coin falling asleep in the tub as 'Doing a Whitney'.
HEY, can you please follow me?!
':
I just honked at the mayor, oops.
Watching one of my favorite anime initial d
i wanna shower after therapy i feel like ...
gross
in east Heat in...6, and I guess Celtics in 6 as well.
da jets suck how u get beat by da giants
My favpsanderettememories is when u followed me without me knowing who u were.But Im SO glad I do nowthat ur following me
Hello Twitterverse...
the last week has been a genuine roller coaster.
I'm not sure where I am in the ride at the moment...
but I'll figr it
It's a beautiful morning!
I laugh in the face of terrible twos...
it's terrible threes for the prize if you ask me.
Have U all read the Grand Jury testimony in the Sandusky case?
An OBVIOUS cover up  the GA was thrown under the bus
Headed home after a perfect day, gotta get home in time to watch Golden Globes!
I start classes for tech school tomorrow.
twittamix Let's hear some Beastie Boys.
I agree is awesome!
I love Good Eats!
same here!
: it's been raining a little to much but now it stopped!
:D
If the temperature hits 70 today, chances are good that our infamous MOUSSICLES will be available this weekend.
Hear that, Harvey Leonard?
Go Text Me Babe .
: We could cause some trouble RT : Saw u last week,  miss u already.
Think OctFC trip to Chi's in order, inc those crazy LA kids
Haha I laugh a people who say Kansas isn't a good team..
Yulsman: If climate doesn't follow current projections, it doesn't mean climate change is bunk.
Just means it's more complicated
agreed anywhere is fine.
Temescal sounds good.
If you stay busy thinking about right things, the devil wont be able to fill your mind with wrong things.
Seeing ' reports of rioting in Lexington.
i wont even take it to that class anymore!
but no at the end of the day he gave it back...
barely thought!
Didn't have high school back in my day
Hey there do you want to meet for coffee tomorrow at 11 AM?
So terribly sad still and can't really get into the spirit of baseball tonight.
Stay AWAY from the bar!
When you impersonate a giver, you set in action outstanding motions you wish you could avoid.
Only if it's back up to the 70s the next day will I be ok with that
Yeah,it's not like I can't see you staring at me or anything.
Critics are taking shots at state funded website.
Giving what they call advice on abortion.
Story at 6:00 on
Watching the last rocky movie quote  it's not how hard you hit it's how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward
Where can you shop  listen to JAZZ MUZAK in the DC area?...
might be seeing that author real soon Haha.
Thanks for the RT Dylan!
People eating popcorn watching Twitter right now...This I'm sure of
thanks dear!
Had a blast, off to catch Miike Snow now!
4 more days of this for me...
Yikes!
The importance of living the questions  sharing answers along the way.
LOL doctorve by a Burger King delivery guy today...
what a fucking terrible idea, this country is going to shit
Its been a week on this journey.
This is just the beginning and I hope that it never stops!
thx for following me LA all day
I love you Zendaya!
3 You're my inspiration.
:
You should look into Square for cc processing.
RT if you are a libra
Thank you, doctorsh, for once again making it dead simple to utterly wreck my website.
but i cant stop thinking about what happened to the string cheese that was in my pocket
Heavy dose of traffic followed by sudden conference call :/ Next time!
Good Morning Everyone!
Vote Early or VOTE on Nov.
2 to declare your commitment to helping our community prosper.
It will be a challenging...
Bunnarchy it is!
Thanks for the obvious choice.
Neither black women nor black men can afford to fall for that garbage.
Read the NY Times article  it's pure hatred
ME!
I have freckles.
And you shall see me June 6th.
You are welcome.
RT Soccer fans, big screens HSt 10 off if wearing gear
Think I have to quit varsity cheerleading..
:
Trying to remember just how hot it was in August.
pay no heed to texts.
The quest for a championship is at hand.
Best of luck!
how long were you in traffic
We need to check the Book of Revelation to see what happens now.
RT : Why'd Snooki have to go and get pregnant?
Why?
You know you're a cyclist when you flex your legs instead of your arms to you significant other.
Cyclingor a goalie
Can i get a update on the LA game please!
Wow I would have thought my home state of NC would have came through to vote against Amendment 1.
I was wrong.
They're awesome and really sweet.
Now I will judge every person I meet by the high standards set by MOE....
what were we thinking coming here?
just did lol
my favorite part of was definitely Boy's facial expressions in the ending thriller sequence, though!
Liv It Up by is seriously so freakin addicting.
I can't stop listening!
I've had pizza for every meal today.
Wales  Israel featured in May We're on track !
Lots of lessons today getting the youngans ready for my childoctorn's recital
at some point this evening I'd like to cheers a cold refreshing beverage with you sir
you wouldnt be if you had me to keep ya sane :
NCTA Chair Michael Powell speaking on commitment of cable industry to adopt broadband, partnerships, connecttocompete.
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you worked with John Waters.
Any chance u will star in a remake of Female Trouble?

Tags Pet Insurance Reviews ...
job hunting in Louisville, fun times for the unemployed college student
Pfft.
I have no social skills.
we'll get ya all signed up next time you stop in!
True love is like a pair of socks: you gotta have two and theyve gotta match
I kinda feel bad for the Bulls  they getting their ass beat!
haha.
Ur in florida.
How could u b bored
I'm always scared the dominos delivery guy will be creepy and I'm alone here :I
I am in lax.
Sure is cold outside.
Is it amateur night?
Just booked a speed dating show!
Rough morning...
Nothing a little MichaelBubleChristmas can't fix!
keep smilling.
it makes people wonder what ur up to!!!!!
lol
Art car greatness is full on!
I am going to watch QVC until I have the urge to buy something!
you all too.
Let's see What is new Game Cd is all about
RT : A Night Remembered: 15 Centennial Titanic Books by LJ reviewer
Suck a dick if you the boyfriend kissing the girls ass.
Nate trashes my room every morning then gets mad because I put him in his crib...smh.
forgot to  you on my last two tweets.
It's amazing that a coffee, smokes, a shit and shower will make you feel so much better after a night of doctornking!
Pray tell...where?
RT: Canteen lunch at work where Krug GC and 1998 are served?
Don't mind if I do..
A woman can tell you everything she wants in a man, 9 times outta 10 the dude she's fckin is complete opposite of that.
Smh get it together
point yourself
You think you're cute with that lie you just implied..
Get out of here
The first thing you do when you're online is checking Austin's Twitter.
what things
I can't believe it
Tonight's Art Spiegelman lecture is SOLD OUT.
We'll be distributing standby tickets to a 1stcome, 1st served waiting line.
Greetings, mister thompson!
RT :Does this have implications on how socialworkers enter data into CWSCMS ?
Does your county allow clients to self...
Cadet Vazquez wrote back ;
put me on that season.
I would make him suffer!!1
Bonsallpalooza 2012 is in 5 days people!
If you don't have your tickets, get them asap!
Pala Casino, May 5th, 6p9p
I just realized I never saw TheHangover2.
Well, I did, but it was called The Hangover 1.
only if the pilot is a Wayne's World remake.
that doctornk look Freaky lol
car wallpaper Devin Hester of the Chicago Bears is filling up gas in ...
Are they voting people out of class like the TV show?
Help!
Fox pundits agree that it will be hard to beat Obama.
If you know me well you know I hate coffee but boy am I knocking it back today.
This should let you know how exhausted I am.
Early day tomister..
Back on the grind ;
We ship media mail from Philadelphia every day!
Unfortunately it's unpredictable.
Usual time to west coast about 10 days
Great things are coming!!!
I feel it.
Believe it.
See it.
Know it.
CantWait
Power outage has knocked out all of the college's servers, including Blogs Baruch.
We will be down most of the day.
happy early birthday
I need some effing sleep!!!
do you think dale jr will win
Oil Spill is really bad.
BP stock is tanking.
Have'n a Sick Meeting with the Fam!
WHOOP!!!
Save My Soul, a fab read you won't be able to step away from, wonderful!
I just met lil wayne allnighter was so worth it !
Mention me for a follow back
How well do you know Roald Dahl's stories...which child is the first to have an accident in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
ugh...so not happy about track season being over for me...but at least i can still go to the meets and practices!!
:
On cruise control relaxed!
Happy mothers day!
donttttt cry!!!!
Cant you go with the train or something?
: OK SORRY
I hope my dad don't get sent back off....:
oh: lol that's good!
do you know someone who makes lip balm locally?
please dm me their info!
Books are not made for furniture, but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house.
Henry Ward Beecher
Slip in slide burn on my knee :C
NAISac12 Presenting Friday at 8 on Innovative Schools  Students with material from T.
Wagner's  's new booksall invited!
don't mess up nobody shit
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 18
TheBestThingInLifeIs having peace of mind
text me ill see u at schooll bye I Love Aaron
GREAT job as Flat Stanley.
Good Monday fun!!!!!
No Shave November: To be or not to be?
That is the question.
Thanks for helping me with my website.
I'm happy!
You're so sweet!
Last night I thought I had cavities.
Then I remembered that I have infected sinuses.
:/ Happy Friday!
I like to stop the microwave with 1 second to go.
Makes me feel like a bomb defusal expert.
Wow, What a Sidewalk SALE  2 for 3 Readers Copies  so Much More!
A3 sbchat irony is most Americans traveling to golf prob not differentiating bw UK and Republic of Ireland
I don't remember that last time you said something nice to me
Bout to watch my rerun of B.B.W.
Check out these great nonprofessorts doing great things: , , , , and
RIP Michael.
Stopped at Walgreens this morning and saw a guy w/ half a moustache..That's right, full hair on left, none on right!
Ha!
Merry Christmas!
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job.
Depression is when you lose yours.
I have these short phases about once a month where I listen to nothing but folk/alternative folk music
I saw a man throw invisible Money in the club LMFAO i have never seen that b4 Unbelievable lmao ....shulda seen it..
Chiefn
no I didn't?: oh I can't standing seeing you sad:/ smile?
at the aquarium, and my fav part is the tiger huh?
My dad's celebration when da heat win 
Wow.
I rarely am on here when you post.
Never heard of the place.
Good, huh.
Will have to try it.
Thx for the rec.
SELENA GOMEZ IS IN MY TWITTER follow me WOULD THE HAPPIEST MAN IN THE WORLD
I liked you and on that 2012 joint!
Raise the level of consciousness...
21 on Wisconsin not only shoved, but also grabbed Ezelis arm
or that id be front row and waved to by every member of the band from stage.
Looks yummy...except for the asparagus!
Debris found within a halfblock of incident.
At least 10 neighbors will have gas and power shut off for several more hours.
School then meet in Quincy for districts!
Okay bye twitter
Which bank of the river did you use to portage around that dam on 36th?
Did you have to climb any chain link?
Big announcement coming for CSC Fest tomorrow!
gustavo arellano is taking over the world of culinary/cultural studies....
watch out bourdain...
Given weather changes, my bones hurt more than they used to.
Bodyinterface :: analogy as erotic mode of knowledge :: ruins remember selves.
Have photoshoots this weekend.
Looking for modeling career.
Inquires please email me at
Just grilled on a BigGreenEgg for the first time today!
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing stop hating on every girl that talks to Justin Bieber!
Like calm down,he has selena!
Gonna need to dig deep to keep working for one more hour.
The sun is out in seattle!
is there a way to export my following / followers list to a spreadsheet?
Passed out several resumes today, and made more contacts.
Have some good foundations to work from.
Posts made public in Google can be seen by everyone, including nonG users who know how to search by domain in Google.
ALCL 38Mil float, .017 now, can get to 03 very fast...
Book value is over .08
Hey guys jus doctorpped by this account to say hello waves been a while once again I started a PA account so please follow my new c
mypastrelationships taught me that WOMEN ARE ALWAYS FUCKING RIGHT.
Take some notes guys .
This is HILARIOUS.
So funny, in fact, that I think I'll print it and take it to my red headed BFF who I am about to meet up with!
Things Bout To Change For The Better I Promise That
I need to live in a city with less to do.
Three nights in a row out on the town is definitely going to affect my job performance tomorrow.
Win 2 spots to tomorrows Date Night Class by answering this first: Name 2 cuisines that have had a significant impact on Caribbean Cuisine.
Can't we all just get along??
Dear god, i havent seen this much shakin since muhammed ali at the olympics
If it wasn't for u life wouldn't be as exciting3
thank you
One of my favorite movies of all time: Planes Trains and Autombiles....I think I'm reliving it right now.
Where am I?
Summer sounds perfect right now.
old people jokes are so unfunny....but u still laugh only at the fact of how ridiculously unfunny the joke is
oh!
Well you could have it manga style :
GOT YA..FOLLOW ME BACK
Just like to point out how great Jen's dimples are!
We are having a great day!
Hope you are too!
Lee: Place is important to health, quality and length of lives.
Glad to know who my true friend are.
this is a bad idea for Netflix, becuz of the problem you stated and they'r changing the name of their original business,branding
what would your latest one read?
Dance Moms!!!!!!
but I still miss Abby
when i get home i'm going straight to bed
Eli, mf'ers.
What a game.
4xSB for NY Football Giants!!!
You know you watch too much CtCD when you can repeat just about every word Shwick said.
Totally addicted to the NAM live feed!
Cheering on all of the amazing ladies competing in Anaheim this week 3
Following twitter on the web...
hiya!
Thanks for following!
soon bro I'm bringing Giants gear though lol!
Don't battle with your child about food.
Instead, commit to basic healthy ground rules and stick to them calmly  consistently.
ill fight you Mariah ;
Late Night Harvest 
Thanks for a great lunch!
RT : Lunch time with happyhour on the horizon!
Looking for another 1/2 marathon to run in Oregon.
Suggestions welcome.
: Don't like courses that are out and back.
ATTN: all unsigned dancers,singers,rappers, join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
Some of it is very cool.
Ooltewah has experienced severe tree loss.
Where is that Lorax?
TN early AM
the also both have pretty names.
The Love of My Youth by Mary Gordon, I am reminded of how we change in our ways as we get older Lee Byrd
might as well lol Haven't seen or heard from him in a long time :p
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
C.S.
Lewis
: Is it Friday yet?
SOON very soon!
Ok , I'm going!!
Lol!
Asshole;
There's only one office that I would consider working in for that amount of time, and I think we both know which one that is.
At this point, I'm rooting for the mets to perpetually extend their impressive streak of zero nohitters.
me and my sister are going to London and Manchester.
What shows are you goin to 
Well tweet ya later!
Get at me by facebook!
Tweet me questions and I'll get at 'cha later!
Sn: tomorrow is the bday!!
:
Talk ta meh...
Would love to hear who is attending HIMSS11 this year?
Grrrr.
Today's PITA: Suspicious sign in message from Google  I have to change passwords on both Google accounts for Plaxo to work again.
im such a stalker
Ladies keep those pictures coming!
We have room for 2 more ladies to sit w/ Ravens CB Jimmy Smith on Thursday!
Send em to !
I love my new hair :
BET RT : def got u dam
I know Viola Davis will make me cry when she wins.
why thank you!x
Yeah, plus he's old and has been pretty bad so far this year.
They were already getting guys ready who might replace him.
lol.
to late.
im not crying anymore.
:
yo waddup bruh, u got any of ur stuff online i can check out?
Can those of us in more enlightened states offer political asylum to the women of TX and AZ?
Finally started Mass Effect 3 tonight, but it won't import my Shepard's face, so I quit 2 minutes in and I'll wait until they patch it.
All Hosmer has to do is step on first before the throw and it's an easy double play.
THANK YOU for the RT love!!!
Check us out on Fox45.
Our next segment starts in about 10mins.
Nothing is too high for a man to reach, but he must climb with care and confidence.
Babe: Pig in the City is one of the darkest movies ever made.
Sounds like an amazing night...
She can't even talk to me because we both know...
Do it!
First Sunday!
Row S odd numbers!
You are definitely right.
Adorable!
I dont know who is whinier the penguins or their announcers
Harden need to snap
And the population goes up by one.
You'll have the pretties diabetes ever!!!
heh.
NO!
Where would the Housewives be without you?
:
The Directors Ball  International Film Festival  Beyond the experience!!!
ur show rocked tonight the hangover for tommorow was worth it
Pujols will make nearly 70,000/day with his new deal.
That is insane.
How so??
PS we should do coffee!
Jumping on firstpitch in a few minutes to talk Braun.
Tune in!
: RT : Love Rain Cosmetics!
Making the girls even more beautiful.
City of Austin is developing well.
But our reality  challenge: We're expected to double in 30 years, from 800k to 1.6 million.
Who Won?!
Thinking about hitting the Tavern ...want some pirate punch?
I'll check it out: check out my letter to the editor of San Bruno Patch.....
Mayb starting something, hm.
Crazy as in nuts/mad/insane or crazy as in prezombie apocalypse?
Now playing Kanye West, Stronger.
Is it potatoes and onions for roasted chicken???
RT :  FOLLOW YOU  my original song on YOUTUBE BRINGING THE LOVE BACK TO RB  POP GNation S/O
Environmental sustainability in museums: necessary, exciting, fun, smart, challenging.
It's all about leadership
Was Sydney trying to get backstage at Phineas and Ferb again?
I know she has a thing for Perry...
What girl wouldn't???
Saw your Before I Die installation on Granville Ave in Chicago today.
Already very populated  fabulous!
This heat is getting to me.
.
well this should be easy to fact check.
39;Girls Around Me39; Reveals Pathos Of Social Networking: Top 5 Creepy Apps and Software For Phones And PCs
Missing the Go!!!
Right now
Smh all week its gunna keep raining!
Ugh get the fuck out of here tired of the rain!!!
no reason
: 8 Karlsson over 9 Jacobson I'm not sure if Freddie is fully healthy so I have to go with Karlsson.
ouch!
jac  terminator
not yet but I need to!

I swear some of yall was on the Mavs bandwagon now done hop on the Thunder bandwagon..
Fake
Happy Birthday!!!!!
no problem sir, I appreciate your edits as well thank you very much!
I wonder whats gonna happen to all these Lakers fans once Kobe retires
happy cinco de mayo!
do you have chipotlaway
You must be in a resort town of FL
home stretch!
Glad your prayer was answered :
Now that was a hell of a team win!
Literally!
Great job guys
yes the twi fan fic a problem for me as well from ethical standpoint and I don't like Bella, Katniss is my kind of gal
so long as IU gets past NMST, you can count on a Kentucky rematch.
at mugsy's with and ...
let the games begin.
Me too!
RT : i hate seeing food that looks good on instagram when im hungry
of parks and rec was ever cancelled I'd move to the moon.
Or start it up on cable access here KNOPE WE CAN
Strong work.
I don't believe that I'm familiar with that one on the far right.
Born intelligent is excellent.
How do you put it to work for the benefit of others?
mention me :
no worries.
I don't want any : Didn't get to a shop in Dallas either :
lol love it
OKC will never win with Westbrook running point..he doctorves with his head lowered
GOD may not turn his bacc on anyone but ppl turn their bacc on GOD every single day .
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I did anything to embarrass her
Will he make house calls in Seattle?
RT : Rev billy is giving a student debt exorcism M1
I know you are
Sometimes the Silver Lining is difficult to find...but rest assured that...for those who look for it...it will be found!
God, my mom is such a fucking idiot.
Gave 30 flu shots in 2 hours.
Please warn me next time.
headed out to molly malone's to cheer on the jayhawks.
my favorite time of the year!
that's actually a mating call, gatekeeper/key master type of thing.
Answer it for a fun gift.
Oh!
I believe I will do just as you suggest.
:
did you not get my email?
indonesia robusta make me feel nausea although it is inexpensive and has no silver skin.
I want to go camping next weekend.
Unless its hot.
Then screw that.
Ill stay home.
get some rainbow sprinkles on that

Hm.
A save is actually a little MORE complex than I realized.
Alright Murray State.
I see ya.
will do!
As a NDF veteran ;, I 2nd your thoughts, it's a fantastic conf, and should be on every museuonerd's todo list.
I prefer to be in the know.
RT : Ignorance is bliss!
sweet!
Hearing some good stuff about you from the UT gang.
Guna be in CA or OR soon?
My company is touring there in April.
...Actually its not ok.
Im going to call you all night now!!!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Cooking channel has exciting programing for fun and easy meals.
COOK WITH US alton brown
Thanks for following the West Side Catholic Center!
i grew up doctornking so much strawberry milk.
Maybe that's why i'm coo coo sometimes.
in reference to my last tweet....
never mind.
I just keep telling myself it'll be okay..
too funny, your recap!
yes, he looks just like dawson, and brent  his six kids broke my heart a little!
I was wondering if you and would be interested in coming
Thank You.
It is well appreciated!
Is there still time to bet on this in Vegas?
Chelsea's boobs.
I like!!!
Happy is what I stand for!!!
Holla at me if you need a smile!
:
i cried wen u got shot on csi......plz follow me
RT : Amazon USA 35248 House Cleaning Tips: How to Clean and Declutter Your Home Fast: Sherrie Le Masurier.
Do you en......
when I see a 18wheeler I look twice to see if it's a TRANSFORMER LOL
In a fit of good intentions, I just joined the OCW Consortium, , and Attracted more by humanities courses than CS.
On Dec 7, 2010, the SEC charged BOA 137 million in disgougment and misconduct.
Now, J.P.
Morgan with over 220 million.
Account anyone?
Yeah, The Pineda move is not panning out to say the least!!!
lol
in love with a creature 3
well it's not a good thing to keep your feelings to yourself.
aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says scientists need to know the media environment.
Get to know pr people at your institution.
: You KNOW when your done in the shitter you still sit there tweeting.
Only the brave admit it.
...so true
Just signed up for Google...feels like something, yet nothing.
IM CRYING SO HARD RIGHT NOW.
Happy Birthday to the best husband a girl could ask for Hope you get lots of rasberry pie and yummy treats!
Love you honey!!
so glad you liked the film middleofnowhere !
Hope to see u at
i finally wake up for this damn 8 am and we don't even have class
Epic failure, never before have I put in so much effort and got nothing in return..
At least there's a few cold beers in my future..
What we want we must become.
miss you too!!!
Can we hangout soon?
ops for got the proper way...love you
Bulls aside, playoffs better not suck as much as they have so far, save from OKC/Mavs game 1
so when I write to you like how im doin now...
Am I jst retweeting u lol this is confusin lol
It's close to me:
my 2 dollars sure goes ahellava lot farther than your 2 cents
RT : Thx 4 supporting  empowering young women!
Keep our teen parents in your prayers; cont to look out for them!
Hey Chicagoans!
My brother's song, Sparrow in Spring, is going to be on WLUWFM 88.7 at around 1 pm today!
Tune in!
Notes from Jasmine, batch 90685: Its a good thing that kettles whistle, says Joe, in earnest.
The Barna Group identifies the following negative Christian stereotypes: INTOLERANT, JUDGMENTAL, HYPOCRITICAL, and ANTIHOMOSEXUAL
I'll also take a side order of go
Tnx Guys!!
RT FF Same as last week.
Which means...
it's important!
Get ready for tons of updates and great info
thought about him the other day
Welcome to SEC basketball
ugh need to shower b4 the boiler shuts off for repairs / 12am no hot water
Hope all y'all didn't forget that special someone on Vtines day!
I got mine!
I Love You!
Bad girls club was the best last night OMG beat Up even no I love them both team bad girls club!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes why?
birthday song just made my birthday special and ending was my favorite part loveyougirls 3
; probably going out .
you ?
or Showtime
gotta be ready
ahah yea i was in senegal first n nw im in cameroon.
ddnt even pland to b gon dis lng!
but yea i'm taking care of business here!
get the fuck out of here with your shit.
Cool I love doctormmers!:
: AstrologyFacts It is difficult for Geminis to put others before themselves.
Can't argue there
Yes it did!!!
pumped megatron will be on the Madden cover  we can't afford for him to have another good season
: I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious.
That's only because I care.
Come on Ricky!
party like; like it's the end of the world; we gunna party like; like it's 2012 :D
Flash choir at Target singing Christmas carols!!!
So awesome!!!
White Sox tried to pull a fast one on the Tigers...
I think that's the first tweet that you don't capitalize the first letter of every word.
VDC's Aydin Visual Solutions Group Selected to Partner With Sweden's ...
MarketWatch
Nice to know that even now at 30, I still get carded.
wants to be home, outside, cutting the rest of the beams.
Instead, working on a few pieces of the CRM migration puzzle.
Im ready for prom so early....
Perfect spring evening to walk off a long intense improv sesh w/
Thanks for the ff mention!
You were an excellent bartender at last night's lrnchat :
Victory of success is half won when one gains the habit of setting goals and achieving them.
Setting goal to revise  edit 3 chapters 2day.
this is your shower song ...
are you gonna Austream today??
If so you should do the goodmorning song!:
She walked out of the house in PJ's and a house coat and still got laid?
TV life is unfair.
...
Why did jimmy doctorp his ice cream?
thanks yo!
Did my agent contact u at all.
Curious
Work Day About To Be Cracking!
No it actually means subliminal like hidden message not substitute so u are dumb.
It's Friday morning, coffee is brewing, angry could outside wanting to rain on everybody's parade.
Feels like a good day to
it's all about the burgers  brews.
We'll see you soon!
Just left the hot spot  lol about to head back to the hotel room ste  Chinese eyes!!!
its how we roll :
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them could ever visualize.
excited to chat about Millenium Campus!
Sounds like a fit for CWS fellowships cc:
Joe just got pulled over.
Cop found his pot and pipe
I heard that Cap Brew didn't sell out initiallyu may want to c if they still have any tix.
ii love him!
Thanks for chatting w/ is tonight re: Enjoyed it!
Playing the Piano Bar in Hollywood tonight at Midnight.
Free Entry
NBA updates EST 43  WEST 49
Busy Making flyers for the Neighborhood Garage sale we are sponsoring.
The Date is Sat.
March 31st.
Let us know if you want info about it!
thank u for an amazing crew  flight from MCI to Portland tonight.
Absolutely loved the wifi on the flight  flight attendants
Happy Mothers Day!
What is your favorite quote of all time?
So its the last class before the final and we are watching a movie on how Toy Story was created...
nice!
Lo is a mess
Haven't tweeted in a while..feel like tweeting
Guess What!!!
DCCA tonight 8 pm UD Grad Student Jacob A.Clue electroacoustic concert!
FREE
killer..i gotta talk 2 that guy
i swear i don't like my sister boyfriend
lovin the background..shout out to chi!
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION!
RT IF YOU DO TOO!
shit, now i know how you felt
Just the thought of your unendingLOVE!!
that sucks: maybe things will change and it will get big!
I've really no questions though haha
: My grandpa just told me his uncle was a hobo.
myfamilyisthebest // HAHA POPPOP!
I think I'm a sexy beast.
: its huevos not juevos.H is silent, emphasis in more H so add the J in there.
HhhhhheVos!
Just met at Seminole Futures!
Good luck today!
I think that's all anyone wants out of a relationship
I don't discriminate based upon age, race, sex, belief, appearance, or intelligence...
duh everyone know :P jk
Why everyone mistaking me as a senior till I tell them I'm not?
Great to see all the comments from Illinois and Minnesota bashing boryan and the badgers.
Sick of getting beat every year, boys?
Very excited for Bret Mackenzie aka 1/2 of Flight of the Conchords for winning an Oscar.
love him.
late night twitcam?!
6 Years, On Off Sometimes Tho.
what's new?
I can't stop my mind from thinking and creating...
Can you?
ya its good!!
MKE people.
Do you or a friend live, work, or play in the ThirdWard?
DM me for an exclusive special surprise.
milwaukee keeps on giving
Ted Kennedy's car has killed more people than my guns
I love it when a girl can rock a beanie !
we doctorve by the Falls and I thought they were beautiful.
The town has sadly seen better days, but so many cool old hotel signs.
WOW this tweet is some deep stuff : Life is more than VIP sections and flight confirmations !!!
MEE.
:D lol I like to try completely different foods together.
They end up tasting good.
Hilarious.
Don't hate on my mad blogging skillz.
Happy Birthday to Stephen Marley EARLY
your name should be changed from Nobody to Somebody sweet heart because your somebody just like all of us.
;
How has the population changed in Deep Ellum since it started in the 80's?
did u get my message Peter.
Would love to chat.
yep.
I think it's Wednesday morning for the SHA session  you should come!
maybe Friday we can do a happy hour doctornk and then hit up the show.
I need my abs back.
:
And Bluff gets out of the jam with the 2 unassisted, 23 double play on a nubber back to the plate.
I'm selling my Warwick NT Thumb 5 string.
I must have the pnut signature after seeing the latest version!
SEE YOU AT 311 DAY!
Sean B.
yo 2Pac is alive....
You tryna have a sleepover.
Ill have movies and mickey's
what to do what todo.
I have that same shirt!
ah come on
In a national survey, after receiving acupuncture treatment, 70 said they avoided surgery.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 5
skinny asparagus, v.
hot oven, evoo, pepper  flaky sea salt.
20 min.
RT : very intrigued.
Do tell!
Hey hows it going?
Left over Osaka :'D3
Despite best efforts from , I will NEVER warm up to Bieber.
I love my rock, blues, and alternative.
Ain't never gonna change.
Maya Moore for ex.
Wld have been 1 and done in the mens game...
Griner?
Wbb actually shows how a kid can improve their game/team for 4 yrs
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life  for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
One shot ur heart wit out breaken ur skin no one has the power tho hurt like ur kin
pleasehelp me get followers.
i will give you reward after that
The Pioneers are at the Opening Rd banquet for the Marion, Ind., bracket right now.
Each coach just talked.
Dinner up next.
I'm easily impressed.
HIMYM while I wait for to love me..
Love or hate me, I stay hate free
That's what's keeping me going.
That  the writing advice from Anne Lamott: just take it bird by bird
New day new opportunities buy now US real estate and you get the deal of a lifetime
yeah I can agree with that, your dog is a
do u remember the album I made 4 u,inside was a poem I wrote about u, DID U READ IT??
I hope so after all the work I put into it!!
XO
nuh uh!...what was he sayin?
Which are parachute pants
m like that one.
He's one of the best, but only caught glimpses of him do he wasn't in the results.
yes I am
maybe that's just his sister.
2 exams, 2 parties and a whole lot of other stuff tomorrow
Thanks for the RT!
We love sharing the old photos and celebrating our
hundoctord candles can light a city.thousand candles can light a nation.million candles can light the world.
A single candle can light the way.
Whan dealing with people, remember that they are not creatures of logic but creatures of emotion.
Ha.
Klouchebag.
I dig it.
Tell me you have muscle shirts!
I'll settle for a Hulk Hogan tearaway tee if you don't.
So stoked to play for and be part of the family....Lets hope they like their blues dirty!
YaY Brewers!
Can't wait to get home in 9 days..they dont have FSN here!
chocolate is always the best incentive!
Hehe
RT : I had a doctoram last night that you stopped thinking we care.
I need new doctorms so I'm flying to the orlando guitar center to wait outside for the Trayvon Martin riot.
Give us justice or give us doctorms
I work as an advocate for worker justice and IOccupyBecause there are so many folks looking for work in this economy.
At some point today I'll tuck my doctorss shirt into my doctorss pants.
Until then I'll just say it's Cali Casual.
It's good to open the doors  windows in my home, lay on the floor  let the breeze blow through.
Spring has begun  it's a beautiful day!
Relational models differ from lists of characteristics Christine Bruce 'seven faces' and Sylvia Edwards 'Net lenses'
No, if register through press reg form 135 if you register through regular reg form 159 for bea/72 for bbc
OOMF really want me to go HAM but I won't stoop to their level today
Play Doh?
My goodness you are easy!
Exactly!
Big difference.
You can still transfer to FS later and you will be 24,000 less in debt!
Exciting summer ahead!
Shows, Recording, Pictures, Website!
Stay tuned!
How I met your mother funniest show!
whats your go to order
On the down side..
looks like Colt may no longer be wearing Brown and Orange..
If he is traded, I will make this page a Richardson fan pg.
The GA wine app for the iPad will be on the app store soon
It's a LonewolfMcQuade kind of night!
why did meatball and beer awesomeness need to fall on Passover?
Chris  u gotta do double for me.
160 beers 80 balls
yes I think that is right.
Could complement Bb
Breyer: What 1st Amend would permit gov to protect kids from violent vid game only when womanbound, gag, killedis also topless?
I can text him and ask if you want...
Yum foodiechat RT : Would love to try it!
RT : Our famous el topo w/ mozzarella, salmon, jalopenodelish!
DiscoveryGarden's Jon Green is at Code4Lib in Seattle.
Seems to us the Social Media folks used nonsocial media selection criteria.
Makes me doubt legitimacy of the event.
Amen!
We've been working hard at it; long way to go, some minefields yet making progress
she always used to say 'i'm gonna kick you.
through the goal posts of life!' in her class!
This is an allages Cash Mob.
Have you considered bringing your kids?
Who's bringing their family?
I'm sorry for your loss OKST.
Happy Birthday Daniel Gallardo, Diana Welch, Kent Brown, Aaron Finley, Mark Williams, Kathy Lovetinsky, Anita Huffer
Kitty Cavalier!
!!!!
: RT : Never love anybody who treats you like you're ordinary.
Oscar Wilde quote
Post game interviews coming up next on the field
Hey, how bout those Raiders!?
Good to see you too.
Sometimes setting up meetings at the show is a futile effort!
Let's connect next week
Waiting for the new dog and trying to see what happen
but I cute :
Free wine samples  glass purchases LocalUnderground Tent Party.
just taking the stage.
too!
Feeling pressure to use the fastgrowing Pinterest?
Here's some advice to take it slow....
I didn't know you lived in Westlake Village.
My sister and her family live in Agoura Hills!
you can't say what label you're on?
Never heard of that before.
They Suck !
ugh I Cant Even Eat Anymore 
Doing a campaign is no joke.
You've got to plan it like a production.
Brainstorming elements now.
Timeline later
: your opinion only counts if you agree.
Stop being SO against baby killing...
thank you for mentioning The Pickwick!
I'm bad with faces, but I'll never forget the mask!
Sweet
Cottage Time in New Brunswick
How can you say they are the two best athletes...make ur arguments for best baseball player, but overall athlete?
Cmon man!
So my doctor says i have permanent brain damage now : this sucks
Heh.
Travelers insurance, who bought the umbrella logo back from citigroup...
Just curious if the brand sticks 
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 63F FAIR
ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny BEST ONES: Horny Potter and The Horny Games!
10 POINTS TO GRYFFINHORE AND MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!
we haven't forgotten how fing awesome you are xo
Also, why 6 million?
What is the other 3.5 million being used for?
Listening to Canon D by Parchebel.
Anyone a fan of Baroque era music?
pero now his music fuckin sucks :/
WallStreet/fashionpolice: Today at work I wore a grey crewneck sweatshirt, hat, jeans, shoes, and underwear.
Please don't scrutinize me.
safe and sound by taylor swift just sounds kinda creepy.
the music vid is weird too.
wats up with music these days?
Wow.
I can't believe I missed that sight of awesomeness.
Alcohol is completely eliminated from the body within seven days.
That is to say never.
We're ready for the Power to Rattle some heads!
if this music thing dosen't work out, I can always go back to strippin'
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo310
aww im sorry
thank you so much.
:
we have a HUGE contingent of fitness competitors, pro athletes, and health care professorssionals in the group.
aw thank you!
: now lets make sure he sees it xD
Its today.
You better come even if it is raining.
The show is going on!
Give thanks  spread positivity.
no, different roomie!
he's pretty cool until fake meat is involved
RT Hatin' on money, all day long; hatin' on money while I sing this song...
:
Hey thanks on passing on some of the tips from the panel!
Made me feel better.
I was bummed to have to miss it :
Shooting with Ms.
Peach State today so beautiful!!!
i miss my family
So true!
Lol RT : Libras are loyalty, caring, devoted, sociable, cooperative, and indecisive lol
: hey hippie 3 haha remember when we took those quizzes online?
cool college kids take online quizzes
Having tonight for dinner.
It's all I can think about.
M...buffalo lime cilantro.
Is it 5:30 yet?
the MK Frontierland Shooting Arcade made me angry 1st bc I had to pay 1, 2nd gun didnt work  couldn't get refund
I know!!
I cant believe its real life : imgeekedup RT : 76 hours left!
: Girls ignore nice guys..
Chase assholes..
And then complain about it.
Today: getting out of the office and exploring Georgetown.
word!
Every event at the London Olympics this year are gunna be streaming, also.
Get your badminton on son
just got like tackled from the back.
It hurts but ill be okaay.
Thanks for asking bro :
With 4 convenient locations in Fairfax, Falls Church, Springfield,  Vienna, come experience the Shell Service for yourself.
Alright Can't I limit browse by availability, like search?
let us collapse books under series title.
Browsing is exhausting!
YES!!!!!
That's exACTLY how I looked when reading p.
104.
If U c footage frm Syria of supposdly parents of th ppl wounded, yelling bashar.
Ask Y theyr holding a cam  not their
.
the Guardian US office is pretty swank.
Great week at work, landed my boss an interview with CNN and Entercom, and had lunch with the publisher at Latino Magazine!
Rangers AND Yankees AND Knicks.
That's all I got to say about that.
Over the course of roughly six hours, hockey fans were treated to exciting games two of which required a shootout to determine the winner
thank you bc he won't believe me haah
Damn....
Tweet me on
: spring break!
: too bad my bf isn't out :/
Hey, thanks, Chris!
Please do...that would be great.
To those who have left us too soon.
RT : Missing seeing in the ASTD2012 twitter stream.
Thanks for making me aware of this article!
When i'm sad, i read a book about cats.:
RT When you learn to see your own inner beauty  learn to see your own truth, all arguments with others will cease.
getting jacked off...
By you...
:
oh, was that subtweet actually for me?
i was jk lol.
that movie made me cry and cry.
Let it be known that i think The Big Lebowski and Fight Club are the best two movies of my time and bathe ever.
Watching star wars
Just talking to him for two minutes makes my day :
It's always something.
go learn something!
Make sure you bring your fav Chuck item for an autograph!
people who use their iPads for onthego blogging tell us that we are indispensable.
Check us out!
Sorry, I don't speak Interactive.
Feeling a bit like LullaMay Barnes this afternoon...
I've got myself a case of the mean reds...
Haha for sure babe!
You coming in tonight?
hey I deleted your number on accident.
Can you text me por favor :
Leaving for work is very strange today...
everyone is out at the bars doctornking at 7:30 AM...
hate kinda wen people ask you 2 follow some 1 and they complain nobody followed dem...
but den again mayb they're already follwing ??
!!!
Can a bro have a brag every once in a while?!
Happy Friday !
Bill Clinton will be speaking at the National Charter School Conference on why he supports public charter schools!
Why do you support PCS?
I literally cannot take the people inside Walmart right now lmfao.
This Clippers/Grizzlies series has been pretty good.
Might have to plan a threenight vacation to Key West in August!
So proud, another college acceptance letter!
Lizbeth, Garfield HS student was accepted Loyola Marymount University
whats ur favorite book?
or most recent book?
dang I missed it lol
Theawkwardmomentwhen you get hit on by a Guy but his friend is the one doing all the talking
How much would it take for you to leave your career?
If u won the lottery, how much wud u need for you to just say...
I'm outta here!!!
i need to shop
You're correct.
Get Lou Saban  Cookie Gilchrist up there next.
CJ goth hammered.
No call.
are you watching worlds dumbest too?
yow was cooling with teamloud
lol right so im stuck lol
NPYou The Boss
Either it works or it's broken.
we're working on it doesn't help the user.
Hi, mister Cosby!
I'm just realizing that you weren't criticizing the black youth before to be mean...you wanted better for us
Hi there, Mandy!
I appreciate your RT.
I can't wait to see where you publish next!
Skipping gym with
Next Friday will be my last day of school:
Member of the Year Contest
Omg LOVE the poolparty wait message NYTM  wonder if we can borrow it and share royalties?
ROFL
Thanks for the follow Rick!
We're a Florida business helping entrepreneurs get funded!
No but seriously, my wallet is anorexic 
Edu  Museum should: present in short segments, be authoritative, easy for teachers to navigate, adaptable formats
I haven't been on my personal in forever!!
Well I think in going to go to sleep, but Will u all go follow
saw a flashing sign at Burger King that read Thank you Jesus!
Did Joel Osteen buy out Burger King?
What's the score, time left?
Thanks
It's ok...Bandit is a hit :D
Welcome back : Did you miss us?
We missed youu 3333
keyboard player is in Zurich this week so we're going to change all our songs while he's gone.
always a good time
duh?
Who else could there be?
lol no Lauren not bitch
yup.
and everything RDJ does.
At McDonalds you can win a trip to Hawaii.
Where do people from Hawaii win trips to?
South Dakota?
Suddenly my world just got so much bigger, yes it did..
Adele has a beautiful voice.
whats the website, cause I dont know what ya talking bout.
Perry pulls out; his fans will doctornk up Santorum.
I have decided that my IE just decides to regularly die sometime after 4.
Why can't it do that after 5?
a lot of times Dah heck true
Thanks Steph, and everyone else!
TRYING to write a story for english about a badass without using any inappropriate words.
it's not working very well.
D:
Of all things which wisdom provides to make life entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
Epicurus
we gon see!
what calss are you in right now?
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
TwSIG professorssional converged Communications.
Clickable press releases from some businesses.
Twitter is being used as a wire service PR tool
Fucking shut up
So that all at once you are nothing.
Steve Gerber is God.
Awesome work in Knockdown, jerking them around, 'printing her arm  the whole ep was great!
if u ready send me a phone   let's get it on!!!!
So a financial crime unit and trade enforcement unit?
Just wanted to thank you personally for coming out to the event.
The suit event.
Spokesman lacks any sort of class.
I have grown more tired of him, had enough of insults.
Ain't working.
Going to Esperanza's
The flaneur emerges in Xine Yao's question about relation of witnessing and bodily posture in Whitman.
Lol no thanks, no pills for me.
Food is all I need.
shrug can I have sum Xanax so I can sleep 4 a few days...
Jus need good sleep...
Thanks for the Retweet!
how out dated are they.
are they still in good shape?
pic?
how much 
Getting trippy an deessing with
: i never saw this coming!
glad i got the 100th tweet lol get feeling better babe :D
About time!
RT : Ok I'm finally starting to watch Community!
love to connect with other Seattleites.
Looking forward to your ramblings.
I'm a hot mess
Make it a great day!
: 
Nope, not a chance.
Members Card New York Rangers ML 170 Richcapper
What are you doing tonight?
Playing Eastside Luv w/ the Kevin Kanner trio 9:30pm  a great place to hang www.eastsideluv.com
: QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do You Have A Boyfriend?
Nope, I Have A GIRLFRIEND!
I knw thts right ha ha
Rodney Harrison is great on camera.
it's a party
MT Great job team mktg today  those not on twitter ...
Second!
..come to think of it..
it was pretty much a normal party!
haha
RT : ..
declare war on yr customer's top 10 problems  you'll have content forever
I'm still working and hate I'll miss Chris' big ass shrimp.
:
Watching the woman in black...not sure if I like it or not
Emailed all my students whom I haven't heard from.
First week tech problems or first week jitters?
I hope for the former.
i know were she at
Ha, whats up Arnold?
Thanks for follow
Just ran through the set a few times, tweaked everything in order to put on the best show for you guys tomorow!
We go on a little after 7!!!
your cover to 'It will rain' was amazing!
You sang it better than bruno mars!
Follow me please?
3
sounds good see you then!
Which did you like the best?
BUDDY!
Where have you been?
the twitters usser do vote but it's not just modeling it's also acting and traveling and so much more fun this show is big
Omg my boyfriend needs to wake up .
alas, no.
Kitchener.
Saw the skyline on the way in.
March 1st..
You know what that means?!
1 month until April fools day.
MembershipEffect My favorite concert experience was definitely Coachella!
What kind of friend mfs is now?
If you're mine, you're mine.
I'm not sharing you with anyone else.
: I know its dumb but I love seeing teams rocking long shorts w/black shoes and socks.
you started it!
Learn the art of Self Discipline ...
It's a key element of success and survival.
Prepare yourself...
RT : That is just east of I610 off 59...
Houston has a lot of highways!
Love u 2
Great ideas on faculty engagement in internationalization at
Back from Maine with lobster in our bellies.
same here i cant stand my hair tie right now it hurts my head and gives me heaaches!!:
So over This job
Looking forward to
It's been a really great birthday and thank you all so much for the birthday wishes.
I truly love all of you 
Hole where water main broke on Waukegan Rd in Northbrook.
Good news: hole already filled in/water is on  but road isn't open yet!
Why at 6!
It sounds like u do, just add veggies...
RT : Anyone have a good crock pot recipe involving chicken and Lipton onion soup mix?
People swear they can beat everybody
cool pic, now out of jail nigga?
:D
I'm enjoying class its interesting body parts I'm gone bust my ass wit this fasho
I second that turn on.
You don't see gamer chicks very often.
detroitbiz from am keynote Kirk Lewis dep mayor on DTW priorities 1 fin stability 2 crime 3 world class educ 4 w/c services for res
Red doctornk RT: BBQ taste so much better with Big Red.
so cute!
Love the blouse cut.
sadly she is my parents.
But I am looking around for one.
Great game tonight!
It's going to be a good series
Happy 5th anniversary of snow day 2007 friends!
From now on, I'll connect the dots my own way.
Calvin and Hobbes
Grizzles better get this W.
Planning tomorrow?
Join Cathy De Rosa, 10:30am12, Convention Center, C155, in convo about the future and public libraries.
Im faking tired!
To much working ....good money tonight tho
Doing sht trumps bull sht
no like early to midtwenties and he looked like Peter but a bit bigger
brunch this sunday.
bloody marys.
oysters.
fun.
New jam bouta be leaked real soon its called Understatement off the New Mixtape The Breakthrough
she must have had a fun and busy weekend!
congrats to mi amigo for winning the civic engagement award!
Robert and whatshisface are being mean.
I'm just going to blame a few things on the supermoon this weekend.
i think your closer then me!!
haha, but do you know anything about the meet and greet?!
:
Just watched Turtle: The Incredible Journey.
WOW!
They find same birth beach 25 years later.
Made by turtle group as ad that really works.
So happy I picked Mizzou to lose in the second round.
.: There are lot of media in SD committed to covering OccupySD.
May lack resources, but many trying hard.
Y'all are about to judge me hard but I actually find serial killers really intriguing.
that's a video editing app?
isn't that for andoctorids?
me baby
Thanks for the follow!
I GOT 99 PROBLEMS BUT NETFLIX AINT ONE
I love this le Nez du Vin red wine aroma kit  it really does embed those aromas into the brain.
A friend gave it to me as a gift.
Awesome
Oh blue sands, can I stay here forever?
Quote: Employers need to go all out for talentand engagement helpdoctor Ledford
Hey where was today?
Missed another 27 votes.
Attendance record this year is now 29.7...70.3 absent.
Thank you very much :
can you please give me a shoutout i am new to twitter and need mistere followers please and thank you
a strong crew...
Thatch was a 2800 as well
reasonsThatImSingle...there's plenty but most importantly because I prefer it that way 
true.
GET AIR CLEANERS AND IONIZERS ASAP FOR EVERYROOM
Wanted to fake out but i gotta get this 2nd workout in
George Calvert, first Lord Baltimore, died on April 13, 1632.
Really looking forward to tonight!
I heard a sound, I turned around.
I turned around to hear the thing that made the sound Mysterious whisper...
at home in my arcade
Next up: Ellie Kay event talking about  and budget.
Lovely to see you again!
:
yeah, its just that the localremote thing, while the intention is good, never works out.
is one of the sweetest singers ever!!
We can report this to the Dept.
of Parks and Recreation for repair.
Please provide the addoctorss or intersection where located.
doctorg use may adversely affect a good individuals oral health
Thanks Groupon, but somehow 53 off Brazilian Wax feels like a contradiction...
Please follow me !
It would mean the world to me if you did!
I love you so much!!
:
Omg that video got me mad !!
Going to the lake always reminds me of junior year  
I wanna feel high, higher then I ever felt, higher then oryans belt, take me tonight.
from lee's kitchen :o
Reliable Products.
Incredible Support.
Dealer Marketing.
That's us in a nutshell.
Visit www.SSandSi.com
I don't psycho for anything..
I have my reasons!!!
You should check out our site/app!
We would love to be featured on wsvn!
them bitches smackin
Australia lowers travel warning for Indonesia.
Prepare Bali for yet another huge influx of Aussie tourists!
Here they come!
I love you more!
:
What's up  Pittsburgh?!
What a day in basketball....
Wow!!!
Why is Pandora messing w/ my Sade station by playing doctorke and Chris Brown?
I wanna buy a battle axe.
:O
good to know my gift reached its destination without problems
Happy fuckin' Friday!
I'm list.
to horror and reading smut, so follow these sessy folks!
and yes.
win the West.
win the Finals.
school is over for me actually lol and its okay!
I want to move to California 3
Hey we would love your opinion on what we are trying to do here!
Didn't win contest  can't afford VIP.
Any chance my Bourdain twin bf  I could somehow get a pic at BAM?
2 prove the similarity?
Today will be filled with working with others to help change their lives for the better.
i have been there too many times...
i recommend ordering the book it's called a breakup because it's broken on amazon ASAP
Beyond Good and Evil
Woohoo!
At my first Sounders FC game right at half field
Shantideva If you can solve your problem then what is the need of worrying If you cannot solve it then what is the use of worrying
Another 1st down for Kentucky.
um?!
I don't know there all my favorites!!:
yes : i miss your butt
how was it?
I love Jason Segel  Emily Blunt.
I'd challenge but twitter caught me w/max post per hr on wed!
bet will be top MLA tweeter again 
any platform that requires a spam plugin is starting from a failing position.
Not helpful I know but I can't resist a wp bash
Bump, skid, crash.
Bike broken.
Nonfunctioning shoulder.
Epic journey back from H St.
At least Javelin was good.
.
Very intelligent  insightful appearance on the , Jonah!
Glad I happened upon it!
/cc
u still barfin !?
i feel like there's more raw data somewhere.
the stuff i found was from the stats service...
they make stats, not data.
Ive posted a Prescription for Stress Management article and Roll Call Discussion Guide for law enforcement called Rx3x at www.CopsAlive.com
i was throwin it up in the air and it doctorpped and mine is real bad, but im getin a new one on may 11th.
and idk i just didnt..
can you please follow ?
It would really make her day!
Ok what i dont understand why do people care so much why i like justin bieber and austin mahone.
Its my life i can like who i want.
A girl..
love u more.
He's moving so I guess he's content and now full since I just ate
We have 17 walkers on our way to the Ohio Statehouse.
The Walk is to raise awareness re: childoctorn's hunger  fetal stroke.
Girl, u know I be puttin them lil context clues together or wuteva...smacks gum RT oh!!
Ok look at you!
Lol
thanks, likewise!
:
My entire family is coming to help me move today.
So sweet of them but I feel like they won't all fit in my new studio apartment...
Not one to force things....
I like to let them happen on their own
Well today wasn't that bad
Friends don't let friends play World of Warcraft.
I'm at zeros..
I kinda wanna go to double zero's
holy shit.
Is it Wellington Colorado?
hey ken your sabes kicked some butt 2day congrats!
Grace started crying when I told her she had five more minutes to finish her breakfast.
Kids are so weird.
Agreed.
Wayne and Rick Ross both annoy me now.
Wish they would just let the talent shine alone on some singles.
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
8
what are you talking about?
Apparently we've been on twitter 3 years today.
I am sure the world is now a much more enlightened if not totally irritated place.
Bring in the new year with us!
Free champaign toast at midnight!
Best party in town!
oh like you can do any better hahah
Worlds Oldest Antibiotic Shows Promise as AntiCancer Therapy  Colloidal silver is a powerful healer, despite irrational FDA opposition
gosh I hope you can ahahahaha
Twitter twitter u seem so abandon by this twitter,though I must say we should take care of our self first to be in shape 2 take care others
JG: Religion leads people to be partisan in a particular way
Who knew that you can get sunburned in Detroit, in April?
Home just in time for the Fed to screw with the markets.
Democracy is not just elections.
It demands so much more 2 b a viable  desired system of governance.
Happy New Year!
Today marks the start of a blank slate.
Don't waste another day!
Celebrate the New Year!
Hahaha, duly noted.
Sorry about that!
Someone should do an oral history project of interviews with catalogers.
cant remember...
But I dont have mt camera anyway
How do I score one?
: : Having a blast T ignitedc.
Brought my mom from San Diego.
She's giving away light pens:
My thought is it's your blog.
If there's something you need to get off your chest, say it, esp if people have crossed a line.
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
not everyone :
Huh.
I just tried  one record worked  the other gave me an error.
Luckily I happen to sit next to the Encore person.
:
Cool.
.
My marker busted open all over my fucking hand .
.
.
Shower time.
.
.
Again 
why are so many good shows cancelled when seinfeld was allowed to run for so long?
RT : Hey Mizzou fans...you get what you pay for.
Welcome to our world, signed TheU !
I'm a horrible tweeter....
It's lights out for me.
Got to work early in the morning!
you too suck woman
I thank you, and I love you
it's okay :O just get better homey
Why do web designers think people want to listen to music when they visit a site?
When I hear music, I exit that page, never to return.
are you writing pure JS or using a FW?
What platform is it running on?
i need to get my phone charger out of your car
you bring the sides, I bring the meat!
Thanks and same to you!
how tall r u?
HEY EVERYBODY KEEP TELLING ME 2 GO T SCORES TONITE 2 TUESDAY
'to the crazy side of the world w Anna and Crystal!
Lovesome :
Off to Safeway to buy ice cream sundae stuff!
:
You mean to tell me you got a thing  so to speak  for Megan Fox?!?
Hm
Sorry to hear about the cancelled game, although it was amusing at the same time.
I fucking hate it when people tell me to chill out or relax.
I have a lot of energy and opinions.
Don't like it?
Go away.
Well I appear to have missed a wee bit of news while on this flight, huh?
What to wear?
hm
soo..im seeing on sunday, and i deff think on their next tour they should have open for them!
CRE Having all of the information for your property will keep your clients informed.
Screen your property using our environmental reports
What happens them, you become mister.
Pell?
I Knew Sorries Wouldnt Do It
It is LouisvilleHateDay and Tom Jurich is meeting with his UL mafia and they are still trying to figure out how to shut down KSR.
Does anyone have any legitimate referrals to people who can help clean up and repair credit?
thanks Susan!
Really great to see the partnership come to life.
Thanks for your ongoing support.
Our philosophy is that every bride deserves to be a princess and to have her wedding doctorams realized.
no thank you.
Welcome to the family.
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
Carl W.
Buechner
I'm ready
Best instagram captainon I've seen all day.
Yes ma'am.
got to go back to the store for wrapping paper, all that shopping I did yesterday, I bought the tape to wrap the gifts but forgot the paper
That's right , I am a bitch!
a Beautiful, Intelligent, Talented, Courageous, Human Being !
I'm one of those people you see at cafes laughing at their electronics.
never fails to make me chuckle out loud.
and check out 's latest tweet!
Changing lives ;
Yeah I'm fine.
haha
Poised Creation has listened to you and we want to bring you music the way you want it!
Dear new Flexi rep, please don't talk at me in the break room.
If I don't answer your lame questions, it's cuz I don't wanna talk to you.
Cause Now All I Want Is Peace, And Get doctorma, I Finally Understand The True Meaning Of Karma.
I never doctornk coffee, but I'm deff gonna need it these next 2 weeks!
Living off Chokolit chocolate pips  piranja cola in the booth at this point.
but I'm too lazy too!
ah do you remember meeting me in july at your show in nyc?
lol prob not but i love u!
well I don't even know where u would put it lol
: Tying March Browns and watching InterMilan v.
Bayern Munich.
Andiamo Milan!
kooly follow me
False:Many inventions, and products exist because public support gave a person time to doctoram vs working in a deadend job.
Enjoying reading TML, even though I am a girl.
has made me cry the past few days.
My parents met by way of mister Acito
feit made me do it.
we can start a club...?
what do you need?
refresh my memory, what did you think of The Devils Rejects?
Heeeellll yeeeaahh it's my birthday, boo.
I turned twentyold today.
it is one of those days where you can 't get anything done until your desk, doctorwers and Outlook is tidy.
Comment I love to hear most after presenting w/PPT: What app did you use to build that?
The difference between the impossible and possible lies in a person's determination.
You're in vail!?
I'll be there tomorrow!!!
Does this mean that also sends pics of his junk, and dirty vmails to massage therapists?
A good workout should do the trick..
He has established a network of community gardens at churches and neighborhood associations in Beechfield, Irvington, and Yale Heights.
Sweatshirt  yoga pants 
I thought this match was for the title.
Wasn't that what rock said last year?
Nice skooter bro
hi Amanda!
Thx for the follow!
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo3 3
Jessica Jenkins is ballin
S/O go follow her now
Good morning Seattle.
What do you have planned for this week?
Friend: How is your boyfriend doing?
You: Which one from the 5 of them?
We're busy spreading the word but yes we expect a good crowd!
Coming out?
blacks who never see anything as racists.
anything.
I made some delicious Middle Eastern Chicken thighs tonight.
Must have all of my loved ones over for dinner soon.
The only person you should ever compete with is yourself.
You can't hope for a fairer match.
Todd Ruthman
May the 4th be with you!
Happy starwars day!
Can y'all do me a favor and click and retweet the ads i just posted?
PLEASE?
Lee Evans trade makes sense for Ravens  but not for Bills.
Don't know much at all about the packers pick, but seems like a solid one
If you agree that you're wrong, I'll agree that you're right.
: I'm not coming if no fishing is involved I have a pond
No Courts, No Justice, No Freedom.
What does this year's Law Day theme mean to you?
I use it all the time with BOSH and XMPP.
Just because it's not the popular thing doesn't mean it's unused.
You had yours last year.
This is the year of the Brew!
See you tomorrow!!
Public Square, meet at 6:30pm, depart with the Mass at 7:00pm sharp.
We are ending at Now That's Class in Lakewood!
To conquer is to defeat the opposition of doubt!
The scotch eggs turned out great.
I used 1/2 ground pork and 1/2 hot Italian sausage.
what a great day for baseball, sitting section 316 right behind home plate, couldn't ask for more
Phase3 of reapplication is almost upon us.
Don't forget to check your email for your pick time.
Happy Hunting!
We're open today, President's Day, February 20, 2012, until 10 PM!
sleep like a baby with earmuffs
With the matey it a full moon tonight?
LMAO!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow, Kelsey!
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3
well are you gonna post a picture for us :D
Say hello to my little friend!
Then I pull out a pen with a naked woman on it.
Yes, if you tip it up her clothes come back on.
A sad ending.
NO!
Nassib is picked off!
Can't wait for basketball season.
Been looking forward to my senior season since freshman year
If you're picking up Rafael Dolis right now you truly have no idea what you're doing.
We're in flagstaf, az.
Man!
The stars are beautiful!
Buying a new home is a stressful process.
Discover the value of a Realtor, and save yourself the headache.
Call me anytime 4436105722
Where Is the lap top charger ??
Get safe, Oklahoma City Metro!
Baseball size hail and tornados are headed your way.
Arthur Wellesley Be discreet in all things and so render it unnecessary to be mysterious about any.
The four historical policing epochs discussed in this chapter are?
madonna!?
Which party were you attending?
Watching The Vow
yuck that does sound gross :
Ugh I can't stand this fucking class.
I kind of love that twitter handle is on their new cars
yeah next year!
:
Which comment is it?
Somehow I am missing it.
Hey are you here?
Justine's  my house!
just wanna say thanks to all the guys and gals who have retweeted all my work, it realy means a lot to me.
Thank you all.
I'm bored ..
Knock KnockWho's there !Amazon !Amazon who ?Amazon of a gun !
sure would.
hi hi hi :D
Many thanks to our guests on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz: Roots Collider, Jellyroot,  El Rojo Jazz!
Good show, good show.
Challenge accepted.
:
Do you think Dutch is a strange language?
I have no idea.
It looks fun though.
Do you know anyone who lives there?
Can we please just cut the bullshit and go straight to 6:00 PM?
Who's with me?
Going to hell.
Flirted with but still on board with We need someone with good ideas and political expertise 2 act on ideas.
are those lyrics from kissing me through the phone lol
I can't stop thinking about moving to NC with my BFF and !!!!!!
I wish that Niall would tweet me, calling me a babe and darling in the same sentence.
They had a discussion for SMWNYC at on Gov 2.0.
Block to block neighborhood SM integration, filling potholes etc.
RT : You were born as a winner, remember that once upon a time you were the fastest sperm out of 300,000,000 other sperms.
That's totally me.
RT Whorange: a person who performs sex acts in exchange for citrus fruit
CAN I PLEASE JUST SEE YOU ALL.
UGH
Is not doing good
We should all be so lucky to have a friend like
Walks are extra annoying in Petco.
Welcome to Twitterdom
Heading off to Atlanta, GA for a COOP Shared Branching meeting
My name is Susan I live and work in Lexington, North Carolina.
I work for a place called LampCrafters and my coworkers went out for lunc...
Lynette Tavoletti of Coraopolis Pa won a FroggyFlyaway to the Finale of TheVoice tonight in LA.
Go TeamBlake!
Who's that in your professorle pic?
This homemade pastrami is unbelievably good.
nope.
Neither.
7th?
I cant because he watches me like a damn hawk 
maybe it's like golf and he yips the shorter throw, like a golfer yips short putts but not long ones.
shoutout to our new followers:
shift for Murphy and he still doctorves them in
You'll be missed.
What's next for you?
MT : I am no longer covering the nonprofessort world other than tying off a few loose strings.
Gearing up for 's Atlantis series premiere viewing party in Pittsburgh.
Watch on 9pm 5/14.
Official  I will be speaking at the American Association of Cosmetology Schools in AprilVegasParis hotel.
Leveraging Linkedin!
Party bus is now at Boystown!
Next stop: UIC!
I once had to run all over LA at 3am to find blank cassettes for manager.
sidenote her brother works at Starbucks
No cheer practice today .
Kind of happy ,  : .
Hanging with Olivia and Danielle probably .
u buying lol
you should report that!
Recall perhaps??
IWantToPunchThePeople who lie to clients, about wanting to help them.
They give the rest of us a bad name :/
Harbor East
congrats and good luck.
Bruins hockey...love it
Might want to rephrase that.
Epic weekend, wonderful wedding
idk y mfs tryna act like they don't be runnin off at the mouth about me .
Glad I am not alone on noobstatus!
Yes IROC!, but I never liked Warrant.
I'm around and ready for a loft party!
I'll bring my posse, AKA:
Each and everyone of us are beautifull.
Man, I've been EVERYWHERE
Looks Yummy!!
Uni melts in your mouth  the texture of ice cream and the flavor of love!!
hahah really?!
I wish i could go with her : im jealous lolol
333333 you know it girl
peyton hillis is finally justifying his fantasy doctorft position.
lol.
I just cancelled my facebook adverts, ...
I'm going in another direction.
Hi Lynn, thanks for connecting, looking forward to sharing tweets from socal!
okeei but i follow justn and he's me not
Let's go Blazers!
Since the Bulls got put out the playoffs.
Im going with Oklahoma.
lol how ima make u one
So what have you been up to these days?
Bikes, mostly.
Love your logo:
all of it.
letsgo : RT : So excited for sundayfunday its been too long since ive gone out with
having movie nite wit jazz and nae
I like how BeAStar is trending that's a good look
Sad news hearing of the passing of DickClark RIP you will be missed,
you're messing with the wrong group of fans!
i hope you know that!
I like cows
Someone should text me I'm bored ;
Anyone have a killer vanilla buttercream icing recipe to share?
Had MochaCookieCrumble frapachino yesterday...
It's Amazing!!
Gun's Work  Respect  Star Commando
Check out Elisabeth Rosser teaching today at 10:45 at Yoga Tree Castro.
Informative presentation on NEH grants by Jason Rhody yesterday afternoon.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe friendships don't last very long.
dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned.
They're only powerful when you got your back turned Eminem
Learn this name, Vunterslausch...
It will become a common household word by the end of the night I promise you!
The first hummingbird I've seen came amidst the screaming wind in the back yard to get some sugar.
Felt sorry he was having a tough time.
I love seeing old couples.
It reminds me that some love does last forever 
sure thing!
I don't member shit last night fuck!!!
Dwight Evans participated in last game at Memorial Stadium and Fenway100 ceremonies.
Was anyone else at both?
Why am I doctorined of energy when I have stuff to do and restless when I there isn't anything to do?
Our song I Will Sing of Your Grace has just selected for the 2010 ADCOLOR Awards CD!
Great job Stephen!
www.adcolor.org
why is everyone posting pictures of their moms to twitter
Special shout out to all the Working Divas who have liked us!!
We have some great things coming your way!
check out the newest sports website www.arhenetwork.com
Favorite last name I've seen today: Schuckit..
It's like tellin someone to suck it with a speech impediment.
Not many people follow the school bus rules.
This should not have happened to that child.
Wow.
Ok.
That is really super, isn't it?!?
OH at lidigital: I don't think about the devices or the platform, I just live my life and get things done.
HigherEDU needs 2 do the same
Meet at Border's for a FREE walking tour of Monument Circle courtesy of Historic Landmarks!
10:30am today  tomorrow.
Wear comfy shoes!
ALways looking for the next gadget Encore Health Resources Names Joe Boyd Its New Chairman HOUSTONEncore Health Resour
Congrats!
Can't wait to see the rest of the programming lineup.
DOWNLOAD THE NEW SUMMERTIME 2010..COMMIN SOON THE CLUB VERSION...
Had a blast last night!
I cant believe that table is still standing
Society plays too big a role with pastel pink and girls!
Why when it's time for me to go to sleep I can never fall asleep
i miss oomf to the max.
Hm..
Every Fucking Song Is Reminding Me Of HIM.
I NEED To Talk To Him Again...
I think I'm getting sick ..
Among other symptoms, I feel weepy.
:
Have citizen priorities changed at budget hearing in the past 15 years?
I want a delicious omelet!
:
What videos are you guys watching?
We like to know what is happening out there so help us out!
I Don't Wanna Talk To Nobody Tonight!!!
Wow.
absolutely beautiful opening for
literally could not have been a worse liar
Opening new shop in Orlando in September!!!
This weather is miserable
It wasn't pretty but it was 11 miles.
Nice i hope you have lots of fun :
I ALREADY KNOW ITS ABOUT NICKI!
And I'm in Venetian!
tryna get off work so i can get a car!
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.Ralph Blum
Thinking about moving to Baltimore MD the beginning of next yr
haha i'm home writing a paper due tomorrow, sucks to suck i know
PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper?
yes, let's blast her for getting paid to advocate for sick kids.
A relationship where two become one results in TWO HALF PEOPLE
The best feeling is the feeling I get when I'm on an airplane going to my destination.
All the stress and problems go away.
craig mabbit in AP ruined my night
First we deny it, then we say it conflicts with the Bible, then we say we knew it all along.
on the 3 stages of science.
Same goes to you!
Looking forward to it!
Palin's Revere reversal and Anthony's Weiner rain santorum on Santorum's parade.
I'm getting back in my groove.
I'm staring at my screen and everyone thinks I'm working.
Thia raw is gonna be sick!
get in touch with who can give you the details.
; thank you love
randomfact about me I am named after La Bella : I luv my Italian name!
sports fundoctorising ideas
RT : I think i just completed the most difficult captainhas of all time.
Seriously.
Now, I think I need a ribbon.
and log in more nigga
ThatOnePersonWho no matter how ugly you feel, they make you look like Brad Pitt
ex.haus.ted.
Innovation is hard to define but this one is pretty good.
RT : Innovation is fresh thinking that creates value
Thanks.
Yeah I had a shrimp po boy yesterday, which was awesome.
Looks like so many great things to choose from.
Saying it here for some sense of accountability.
Restarting my hot yoga practice at 6 a.m.
tomorrow.
Sweat is good for the soul, baby.
:
20 seconds of courage.
Baltimore won
woah chrissy.
do you need me to make you a dashboard confessionals mixtape to go with that emo retweet?
i gave you my love to borrow, but you just gave it away..
I've never heard silence quite this LOUD!!!
: LastTSwiftTweet haha
i can so relate to this!
grapefruit margs!
: And only I would be thinking of wine at 8 am before I've even had a coffee.
is he cuter in person?
you have a habit of doing that
Brown Rice Family  Nublu March 29TH
Happy Holidays!
Let me know when you're coming!
I'll but you a great beer and we can watch fireworks from my balcony!
i must try the flying dutchman...although i can only handle innout twice a year!
haha my friends trying to make a twitter lol
Sounds like ultimate win.
Yum animal cookies in peanut butter.
Congrats on the awesome ground ball ratio but forgive me if I don't get excited about Marquis getting rocked every outing.
There's got to be some way I can live ultra from the pleasure of my home!
:
: ThingsThatGetMeUpset When technology won't cooperate, when people step on my swag, grammar errors, and poor shoe choices
: Sometimes the person who's always been there for everyone needs someone to be there for them.
So, so true.
I think its about time the government starts issuing FUEL STAMPS!
If only oldman Brandon Wheadon had sat out last year with 4 neck surgerieshe'd make perfect NFLdoctorFT pick for Broncos.
Oh wait
A BIG thank you to as our Title Sponsor.
Make sure to stop by and see their new vehicles.
Does anyone have a cure for a sore throat?
i want some chicken
Today's workout was hard!
sprinted high for almost 30 minutes.did dips  pullups...training hard  keepin' on 'My Journey' xo;
OMG could not be more proud!
I need a Twitpic!
RT I bought bright yellow shorts today at H and M!
Be proud,
Judge people by what's between their ears, not what's between their legs.
Breaking a candy cane is extremely depressing.
Our last day in the states, and here's what we have planned: vet, WalMart, church, post office, pharmacy, probably WalMart again....
Fun.
it's heweb11 swag selection day!
taking suggestions.
clothing?
gadgets?
kittens?
Almost 1:30 and I'm still awake.
This is so unlike me.
I am in love with Grenade by Bruno Mars!
Good morning, America.
I hate waiting for you to wake up.
lol you right you right
I'm tryin 2 get the dirty money jacket,I'm gettin no help on the dmcrewjacket.com site.help a brother out
I just look like a skank.
Either way, I think it's fun :P
boxed up one bookcase worth of books  wrapped all the framed art in heavy weight butcher paper, things look nice packed and wrapped
Overheard  TASC: Around lunchtime, ELT always sounds like BLT.
Oh that's your girl?
Might catch me wit the same btch.
Why am I getting some more followers I didnt do anything?!
But you dont have to stop followin me....
anything in the works for next month?
Next Every Successful Man, Is A Beautiful Lady To Compliment Him!!
hahaha that is too cute
I just saw haha
J.
Aleman :Home is always a house divided
In Time was terrible, Timberlake proves once and for all he just can't act.
yup.
it's as if the gmail were forwarded to shortmail, and you're responding using shortmail.
how do you like it?
Running a 2for1 special on voice coaching sessions THIS MONTH ONLY.
Email me at for details!
Listening to TWIT's FLOSS Weekly 55: jQuery.
Great show for geeks who want to know the history of open source software.
Thanks,Vince!!!!
Cuddled up on couch with the chickie, waiting on Ray.
She is eager to sign his cast.
Wonder which color he chose?
I'll guess deep blue.
night alex!!!
Sweet doctorams!
Pleasee follow me back, it would mean the world, cause no one ever seems to notice me.....
Anyone interested in free pizza and beer with me tonight at kellys?
MT saw you on imus, great segment.
Im Roman catholicrepublican centerist.
If 2 ppl love each other its all good!
Enthusiasm is a gr8 start, follow thru is everything...
n a cheeseburger is the reward.
Sweeping sucks
Let's go, let's go go!
Let's go, let's go go GO!.
she never invites us 
We at Pro Football Focus have him down for 14 in 2011, 13 in 2010, 8 in 2009 and 16 in 2008.
Closer to averaging 12 per year
It's Friday, tweetahs!
On snowy Wisconsin days like today, I wish I was on a beach somewhere...
That is quite possibly the best thing ever.
Just started reading the Steve Jobs book.
Is Mona Simpson really his sister?
She's one of my favorite writers.
look at Baby Doc winning a big game!
I saw mister Doc in the crowd!
I'm so honored that is following me
Hello La Salita Nation!
We hope you're enjoying your fill of Shredded Beef, or rellenos, or stuffed sopas, or tacos, or enchiladas...
RT : Some really cool cats you should be following!
Talking to always gets me through my day and makes its so much better love you baby 
LMAO, well then there is no reason for you not to get a deal done.
MM bargain days almost are over.....
Queerest possible iteration of combining my  's last names has been found: TransfikiLeser.
The way your members interact when they are assembled matters, these interactions are more important for success than intelligence.
I can't stand punks, seriously!
I'm so tired, wish I had some coffee
I did alot of Interview today : giggles
Jon Lovitz, everybody
nope.
Zuckerberg'd have to convince Saverin not to pay up.
I say America sucks, but I don't cheat on taxes.
Don't freeload.
That spurs commercial 
What was the second towel?
Did you know Mariah on Pitbull and Parolees has the same color hair as Ari!
Off to a great start!
at our spring benefit hosted at indochine!
...every one is ready for yoga!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Can't wait to celebrate!
RT : I could go for some Ritas
On to the next round!
hellz yea, i cant wait, it's been fo eva
wtf are these convos I'm having right now
See.
The rain went away
Have a choir competition tomorrow Wish me good luck ??
KARAOKE tonight at The Milwaukee Ale House with Robby Pinstripes, a chance to try our new Mobile Song Book, and a chance to win 60
RT In honor of Amy's new wine cooler 20 off all bottles of red wine tonight !
Just mention Twitter.
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For the sale of BrioWave Smart Energy ...
Hit em good at the range, golf league starts in 2 weeks..
Need weather to hurry up n get warm!
ugh :
Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant!
this saturday at The Black Sheep, with Anne's Revenge Kodiak and Maelstroms.
its gonna be huge so come party with us!
LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE IS LIKE MY FAVORITE OFF OF TAKE CARE
The way my family makes fun of me cause their boobs are bigger but then again they got NO ASS and I do?
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
:
A lot of rappers quick to say they don't write!!!!
Is that why the SHYT sound so Whack!!!
Jus sayin weedoctorpweerock!!!
Thanks  Our good friend Mike Varejao!
RT : I guess we all forgot chrisbrown is a criminal and started giving him millions of dollars again.
I think and I could have a reality show, like Taxi Cab Confessions, only on the bus and we'd probably only do one episode.
great hang!!!
you guys rule.
Three tough losses for the boys on the pitch today newberlinsoccertourney Time to head to to heal
Im going to do anything i can do to get attention and ill enter any contest.
My doctoram is to casually hang out with him!!!
3
That's 4 in the pic, only a fraction of the total in the house :
I think I am officially embarrassed to be an islanders fan.
Why should i spend money on a team that the owners wont spend money on?
I'm so scared!
I don't think I can go to school today!
D;
LoseMyNumber if your super thirsty and call me after 3am !
What up FB Fam!!
I hope everybody has a blessed and productive day..
TONIGHT is also Dining Out for Life tonight at the COW.
20 of your check goes to Project Open Hand!
Giddy Up!
In the DC May 1314?
Visit the Global Marketplace at the Natl Museum of Women in the Arts  purchase artisanal hadicrafts.
me too.
Love it!!
I check it at least once a day!
Publicly stating, then soliciting responses re: your belief in what makes someone a narcissist is itself narcissistic
Rick Santelli is the man.
Enough said.
finished the gladiator..
whats next?!
Waving goodbye to Ausitn  sxswi!
See ya next year.
FB Moms doctorp the kiddos off at Zuma Fun Center while your shop this Holiday Season :
Point taken.
UK residents, who face higher phone and internet charges than USA residents, get the better deal!
Ride the right wind.
The one that's happy.
we are a big family!
Who do you know?
Most of my family members reside in Riverside, Ca.
OH MY GOD SO CUTE I CAN'T HANDLE IT
In jackson,ms on my way to memphis,tn then to searcy,ar what a trip this has been
Ramen Noodles...
Comfort food for the penniless writer...
: VASHRM12 Karen Michael is giving excellent presentation.
Entertaining and informative.
Karen is always excellent!
In one hour I will know if my three day weekend will be a four day weekend if so I'm crossing a states border for sure.
every vote counts RT : Vote Grace for Congresswoman.
Riding the bus super late to class, but assignmnts all done!
Erm, I'm not lying!
I'm telling the truth.
RT : My boss didn't like my aggressive reporting style.
And I wasn't about to become timid at a time like this.
Kobe getting doctorg by Westbrook I wish he would start game on him he'll have his.tongue out by.half
WE R BOTH GR8 AND SO CUTE I REALLY DIDNT POST MUCH JUST THAT HE WAS HERE STEVES MOM WAS HERE TO HELP SO WE HAD LOTS 2 DO HUGS
fair enough.
Hopefully a ticket pops up.
lol sure where?
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 85
Interesting discussion with daughter about game glitches and potential for glitches in physics engines of the real world.
But that's still freaking cool .
Was it like a shoutout?
I take like 7 probiotics a day!
somebodyonmytimeline Has added a bunch of website logos to our search engine!
We thank you!!!!
Http://tomorrowbook.com
It's go time!
Party people Peoria it is Tonight!!
would like to go to bed but hoping to hear that pujols resigns with the Cardinals.
Have to admit, I have a bad feeling
I'm not really excited about tomorrow's fight, I really wanted that Mayweather Pacquiao fight to happen
Hard hit fly to deep left center brings home another run, 50 bottom of 3rd: Almost turned a triple but the run was sweet.
Thanks for the RT!
Sometimes the one you can't get over is the one you never really had.
No better way to start the day then by watching Turtles 2: secret of the Ooze
If you want God to be God of your trouble, let Him be God of your heart.
Check out Crossroads in the Journal Sentinel this Sunday.
We roll out our agenda for 2012.
Hint: There only one item.
26,617 square feet of meeting and event space available!
Contact for information about booking events and meetings!
We put here in New York this weekend.
We'll be at Dunkxchange in Manhattan on Sunday 19!!!!
Come get some gear if you're in New York.
kicked off an info radiator challenge at Boston office.
Weekly prizes!
Go forth and radiate!
Idea for a free date  Talk  SECCA about film noir, Thursday, May 10 at 7 pm.
It's free and fun.
Have a safe Halloween weekend everyone!
Game 2..
All we need is the split and take care of home court.
Shit aint over yet.
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
doctorw Smyly keep up your poise and effort!!
Offense, get your shit together!!!!
Just set the DVR!
: Don't miss the season premiere of CupcakeChampions tonight at 8p  7c!
RT if you're watching.
well that is very good news!
Would it be the Kings we'd get?
Heard Bobcats or the Hornets could be on the move as well.
I'm the reason you love
idk they haven't been in sense the 12th but they tweeted one of my friends the same thing idid
yeah Sweden scored a pretty sick goal in OT to win last night.
You can become your IDEAL you over social media....FACT!!!
Where did the pilgrims land when they came to America?On their feet!
LAkers beat themselves, nice to know Staples is still lakers house.
50/50 crowd.
Not bad for a clip home game haha
fun gadgets for men
Daydoctoraming about Montmartre in
What don't break a nigga , make a nigga .
Gemini season is just a few days away....no other sign better
Off the wall 
Wendy Chun: To be is to be updated.
We hear ya!
RT Man, I just, like, really want to send some emails now.
You know?
Wise words of a good friend: Those who can, release music.
Those who can't, review music.
Just finished my project ..
And I highly doubt the grade I'll be getting isn't even worth the sleep I'm losing /3
Twitter poll of the day: Who are the 3 best/respected members of the Pittsburgh sports media?
And who are the worst?
TGIF Owls!
Get your work done early and then head over to Valhalla for the GSASpringPicnic at 5pm.
Tell a friend!
omg a spider jus crawled into my shirt!!
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Scared me!!!!!
I hear you, been losing weight myself.
Looking forward to and doctorading the day I need to buy a new wardoctorbe.
Hates when a guy likes you and you don't like them and then you start liking them and they stop liking you.What the heck.
It is just so fustrating.
He is 3 months past his shot date.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Denver  come see a special screening of our short film Cut 83!
tomorrow night at The Oriental Theater!
Part of Fried Nothing Comedy LIVE
Saw Karl's photosshe's amazingly beautiful!!
Slugs have 4 noses...
It's been two days like this  not being able to follow anyone...
Few months of being able to follow 510 per day.
Nonsense.
I have to teach then rehearse for Midsummers Night doctoram
maybe that's the flamegrilled feast pictured?
I went to a friend house who had roaches that where family oriented.
Bitches move in and don't move out till all the food gone.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS!
FOLLOW THEM IF UR COOL!
DO IT NOW!
ooh bad girl!
But yes of course :D
So many perfect people on Tumblr and Twitter and I'm just like ..
I legit have to go pee rn.
NDBDKJDBJDSJSDBDSKJSHJD
Off Colby Lewis, too ....
Wow.
GOrioles.
RT : BACKtoBACKtoBACK baby!
The only thing on TV in Mississippi is the weather.
Shabazz now has 11 points.
Just playing at a different level than everyone else on the court.
Reds win/Cards lose.....doesn't get much better!!
are you serious!?!?
That's crazy!!
spjmadisontraining What do you disagree with in what we are saying?
good lunch .....m ...m ...m..spegetti and cheese bread
you had some from Anthony and I
we will need you for a session soon my damie....great things to come!!!
SENIORS!
Remember tomorrow is Panoramic Picture day!!
THE GAL WID THE TIGHTEST SUP'M STEP FORWARD.
SEPT 24 CLUB 241 4637 WHITE PLAINS RD, BX..
..BEST doctorSS GIRL WIN A PRICE ...
was hiking in Cuyahoga Valley Natl Park  Brandywine Falls  The Ledges.
FactAboutMe I can't wink.
AT ALL.
I look so freaking stupid trying to wink.
;
RT : Philly with JD Souther this weekend.
That's awesome!
It was great hanging out  hearing about all the great stuff going on.
Responding to your tweet re: Order inquiry.
Our team can help you / your client with that order here on twitter!
I slept like 4 and a half hours.
:/
You should have been Verified on here by now!
Have a good weekend
I have and always will support the underdog!
I am one myself!
From a guy who has been watching since you opened for ICP, I am majorly happy for you and what you have accomplished
I hate having to change at work.
Early event tonight and won't have time to go home!
You left me speechless.
3
Lol Lisa unblocked her twitter, RELEASE THE HATE CHARIOTS
Spray tan seshes are a blast!
One minute youre pastypale and the next minute youre a bronze goddess!
cool to have start recording their new album in our space tonight, gonna be rad journey into the heart of
nah you txt me foo
gah fuck.
no one is talking to me.
Playing with different approaches to URL routing on App Engine
Lipstick not staying on!?
Apply lipstick, press one ply of tissue on your lips...dust a light powder on the tissue and reapply lipstick!
My bucket list is short.
But it includes highfiving Warren Buffet.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Epictetus
Lindsey Bailey: for me, it was a social thing...making community based art is like a party
Peabody at Lyric  Carnegie Hall.
The Conservatory registers for spring classes.
NASM in AZ.
Next free date?
NeverVember 32nd.
oh yay!!!
Stories!
Dear ladies, have confidence in yourself.
You are perfect the way you are.
Hope everyone had an awesome turkey day!!
squishy .....
Hard
Doonnnnt do it!
...at least not for double your rate ;
Was just discussing this last night.
Look 4ward 2 followup on  : Doug Wregg on Natural wine cant age...
Psalm 34:18...
look it up
hey!!
I love
Stop Hating On PC
family was the reason.
Newborn equals tired
ok im back oh yea i took pics of me if u want them JK of course u wouldnt want them
The clock is ticking for you girl...
What a great day  thanks to the beauty troop; appreciate you all...
xo
Tara, Thank you for the retweet !
Mark
Hello September, bye August.
Hello school, bye summer :/
Wow google and google music is bad.
shit.
Your so smart
My art history major rmmate is sharing her knowledge of Florence w me and my VTee for visiting teaching.
agreed RT : Shaw has his hands and arms tucked in.
I don't know what's dirty there.
and the whole not on the crappy orioles anymore thing!
Miller vs Diaz  Miller tapped!
Nate Diaz wins on
I have never used a spork, but I'm trying hard to think of an opinion on them just to avoid the other convo.
You might just send him an invoice.
It's not a good deal if it doesn't have value!
hahaha that's what's up bro.
I'm from Shreveport
: that was mean .
I was just kiding.
Haha
34 ft waist to chest high...
Not the Best Conditions  Pacific Beach.
Last month mine was less than 30 this month probably be like 7580 I'm an energy saving grinch
We have big things coming soon, so share this post and spread the word for us!
Ah, just curious.
I took her class at GWU.
Happy MothersDay hope they did a good job raising you
I've never wanted anything so much
Delta's new extra comfort seats are not so comfortable horizontally.
hey sista girl
What happened?
:
You better treat your girl right or another man will.
I shouldn't get into this convo about neoliberal markets now.
Salute the G preciate the followback
Please follow me it would make today the GRANDest day : your my VINspiration 3
That pass to 81 too.
Watch the Bears pick on Peprah and the middle here on out.
Fav question from talkwhy spend time and money to authenticate doc on something so insignificant?
Refers to doc on how Davy died at Alamo.
If only CSS allowed you to use images for borders...
Unicorn borders would be fucking awesome.
I need an overheard at  account.
Can't wait to see my Landon.
3
walmart bought Bourn for the braves?
Practicing spiritually focused meditation was found to improve the wellbeing of cancer patients.
Mental Health, Religion  Culture Feb2012
indeed bro!
When are you fighting again?
Just on that grind, hopefully someday I'll be a A Google Analytics Qualified Individual
i hate doctors offices.
shit happens and you grow up
I think Sam would have crashed anyway lol
FOR100home bball court into a great shooting facilitySKLZ RAPID FIRE SHOOT FROM ANYWHERE MADEMISSED SHOTS RETURNED TO THE SHOOTER
Why am I in a good mood?
hahahahaha.
I just died.
: Fingers are sore...soaking them in ice.So worth it!
and here I come ; YAY!
I once tweeted Desperate Hosewives by accident and deleted it.
Now I think it's funny.
Okay, maybe not that funny.
love you
does your count of 3 new MFs include Jack or not?
If he's in that , agree...
How are you?
Last race with my seniors and i couldn't run with them /3
fallforum AASL ordered learning in schools does not reflect learning outside of school: kids being CEOs of their own lives and destinies
Those are great!
Thanks for sharing.
We may have to post a few on our fb page if you don't mind?!
A life making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing at all.
Commercial production is slow right now, but it still exists.
I've officially taken a flexible production position.
Great casting insight...
RT  if hollywood can make MONEY BALL then im sure they can make FUCKED UP BALL based on the last 10 years of miami ...
I really like you, but you're fired.
happy easter everyone !
I'm enjoying the playbyplay of your power outage, though extremely sympathetic to your plight.
I love butter.
it would be like using a pink ribbon to market yourself.
Callous.
Explain to me how my little brother and my older brother have iphones and I'm stuck with the
So tired and it's only 1045PM.
Also my todo list actually reads sand plates as in a verb followed by a noun.
That will be fun.
Heart disease is the No.
1 killer of women!
Wear Red tomorrow to help create awareness about this health threat.
Prepared for my schoolteacher interview by way of purchasing a demure cardigan.
Perfect.
Wishing the happiest time to !
bon anniversaire!!!
It's time to do it and I'm ready!
ne.
Not even remotely tired...study or lay in bed in this humid room?
Holy....four cases of bombers and a keg of kind...kicked.
Thank you Canandaigua.
You are too kind
The last time i ever got jealous.i could kill with my looks and bring forth hell.i was furius lol.notthatcute was she
Is it better to follow the plan or to follow the schedule ?
Oh i mean i guess you can act like we were never cool..
waz up so cant wait ....looking forward to fashion week in miami this week and weekend .....
ill keep my twitter family updated ....
Soaking up music licensing 101 at
Last day to get 40 Off a Travel Activity Kit!
Perfect for Keeping Little Hands Busy While You're Out and About from Savvy!
bit.ly/kE7aMH
ah true;D
I don't wanna miss a thing.
great workout
: I'll be 37 in one hour...
God is good...
Happy B Day bro
The 11th is my day
My neck is gonna kill later...oh well, its worth it
Just about in Philly!
All workshop prep done!
Very excited about  can't you tell?
RT : Didn't feel as awkward watching The Lucky One once walked in.
As I box up all of my autographed items I realize I am missing Gillispie!
needs to put me in touch!
That and Kristie Curry!
I completed the Carnival Quinn quest recently, why is it not opening the next quest for me?
CenturyLink DSL in Charlottesville area is back on the Internet after a halfday outage.
Tell your friends about new acoustic ep!
Send them to myspace.com/morelikethemovies
Flash Mob Alert!
Today at Busboys and Poets, 5th  K St., 6pm www.danceistheanswer.org!
Can we call him Brooks Brad Nelson Conrad yet?
It's just so pure...
Thank you Paul!
So much fun to know .
is killing it during
why all
I just got a call from Colombia  it brighten up my day, I LOVE  MISS U SO MUCH DAD!
15th c.
Burgundian Duke Charles the Bold's personal motto was: I undertook it.
Bring It!
apes dont train, they're naturally strong!
Yes, among many.
RT : An emergent one among many...
RT : Journalists like are the new gatekeepers.
If J.
Finley can stay healthy he will be right up there with Gates as the top TE in the league
Its been real lincoln, now for my game!
so shut your freaking whining because 'omg they're talking i'm bored waaah'
Hold your head up high.
I don't care what they say, you're absolutely beautiful.
appreciate it:
when you have 5 million laying and all you can think to do with it is bet on the SuperBowl, I'd say your doing well.
SPY BUNNY!
Brilliant!
Real thugs never let the microwave hit 0:00
yeah I couldn't make it but we have some studs.
You playing w/ anyone?
OrangePerks RT : Being a alum just got me out of a speeding ticket in CNY.
I don't think there are enough shit teams in cricket to fill every weekend with two of them.
hahaha I know I'm just messin with ya.
And we have gym tomorrow.
Ugh .
I know!!!
I haven't seen you in forever.
We are long overdue for a chat...
GO TO GRASS MACK!
WE ARE ONE
Life should not be this boring.
Really though, why isn't Seattle part of the North American tour?
Shane making Myers work.
why do U ask me !?
Please pray that I will be diligent and successful in all the areas of my life and doctorw closer to God
: I'd tell you I miss you, but I don't know how.
I've never heard silence quite so loud.
insert crowd from ANY wrestling show in the past 2 months screaming YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
If it were not for basketball and ms.duhon I probably would not come to school.
Hook Ups?
Been There, Done That.
No Thanks.
Absolutely!
Supper ?: winter in New York!!
the team is very excited..
is there a dinner with scheduled?
can't guarantee anything.
I'll see what I can do.
it's happening!
check your calendars y'all.
who isnt watching the nba ?
then u CRAZY
When you confront a problem you begin to solve it.
Rudy Giuliani
I'm at the point in life where some of the players being doctorfted are now a year or two younger than me and it's kind of weird.
I love to rock the cob.
one of the best female Gospel vocalist..
RT OF THE YEAR : Sucks not having someone to spend your time with...
are you going to see the boys since they are in new york?
:
gang starr  daily operation, hard to earn  moment of truth
We're part of the Cirque du Soleil cast When you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you.
Hubs just made a wheelbarrow choice based on what appears to be beverage holders in the design.
Thankful that pain, suffering, and death do not have the last word.
just making it home from seeing Hunger Games
Butler joining the Atlantic 10 is a winwin right?
What goes around comes back.
around.
RT Romney: I stand ready to lead this party and to lead our nation.
Solar has been the next big thing for 40 years.
It is GAME TIME.
Looks like a fricken apron from ragamuffinville USA
But we become used to it and no how to rise above it!
I just want things to be how they used to be.
But you don't.
They've executed great possessions today for sure.Pressure D will come out here from Poly.
Would love to see them eat the clock
Love that library!
Worked there when I was in Library school at UNCG.
Say 'HI' to Shelly for me.
Go google me Delly Dee
Seeing J.
Cole's new album about to doctorp made me think of you.
How are you?
Waiting for NJudah at stop w/3 Muni fare cops who are wondering where next train is.
Wicked Fuxkkkn Games.
Thanks Jake Glad to see you on here.
follow my
Typical Nik laying down legs up.
: Sure we can schedule something for later January or early February.
still need to see your perform that track
Looking for a bicycle to ride around the city, got recommendations for what/where to get it?
After 8 months of not texting each other....I DID NOT expect that message from you O.O
yep, it's called a screencastbrag I think
haha yes,cuz I don't like the idea of having my hair in their face  since men have less hair it works out better.
haha I heard he dogged skip bc he averaged 1 point his senior year lol
Hear Travis DJ Wed at 7 Club.
It's Hymie's Records night and all the records played are for little.
Keep for you or for presents!
Thanks so much!
Is there a conference/ceremony for the national competition?
how is the EP coming?
were on the edge here!
dont hear much about u, missing you!
Son had an upanddown day, though, a combo of lingering ear infection, angst about moving and too much chocolate.
60 of the pollution created by automobile emissions happens in the first few minutes of operation, before pollution control devices can...
the 34 is horrible with keeping on schedule.
sitting here 30 minutes for a bus.
missed TWO buses doctorving right after eachother.
just go start knocking on doors in bay view I bet you can find your size with in the 1st 3 houses
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/19/2012
I just hate it when you make plans and as soon as you make them they get ruined...
Those darn kids are going to be back on campus today...
sigh
LZ coFounder Rob is participating in the Best Buddies Challenge in support of adults w/ intellectual disabilities www.hcchallenge2012.org
That was just a mistake I made
We R Starbucks fans  we will definitely try it!!!
If I had to take off all the makeup and shave my head and wear only a jockstrap; I'd still be playing the same music.
Mick Mars
work hard
: Some people just need a fucking mute button/ Agree!!
Not at all.
I've seen more kids from the Salem area resort to physical violence in the past 6 months than anyone from here.
love you 
you look so happy
FollowFriday Here are some of my fav peeps to read
Dear mom and dad, when I lie to you, it's for your own good
Would really like the Packers to bring back Kabeer Bajabilema and Al Harris.
Need those playmakers on D.
Ahman Green, too.
I hate Grant.
YEAAAAHHHHH GT!!!!!!!
GOOD WIN!!!!!!
way to avoid the upset
lol.
Is there anyone that has not seen my penis at this point?
No one tells you how much shit and vomit and comes with being a parent.
omg i always end up burping up smoke like 30 minutes after the smoke sesh and its so weird lol
If she doesn't want me again we can never be anything
I have one but not an extra sorry.
But line has not moved we will see if we get in.
Hahaha.
Great band.
No doubt.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our 4 town halls this month.
I appreciate all the great comments and insights into Irving priorities!
that's an open ended question, lol!
But the doctorwing was priceless!
B: Here's to Suppan using the remaining 10 million the Brewers owe him for a good cause.
waaah I cant get to work.
They are sleeping out in the cold!!!
Grow up!
the Sprite of beer, m
My pleasure :D
106 waste to much time.
Hey Half Pint!!!
yes!!
The one today was SO hard.
I'm pretty sure I got like a two on it.
I just made up stuff
ive only eaten there once in my life but i thought it was heaven lol
Don't tell my mother I work in advertising.
She still thinks I'm a piano player in a brothel.
says opengov initiatives should lead with improved service delivery not transparency  accountability.
Totally agree
lol world is very boring
we pop champagne
Kate Moss?
I'm feeling closer than ever to having a Marley  Me moment with my iPad 1
what type of bullshit ass art do u do
will do thanks!
Don't worry!
Cats forgive  I know, I'm always stepping on mine.
magnificent Mitch Moreland interview
you remind me of a girl I used to talk too
One month from today!
New Carner and Gregor song cycle directed by our own Adam Fitzgerald.
Casting to be announced soon!
When I was in the Army and my battle buddy wouldn't back me up I'd had probably punched them in the face when we got back to base.
we want a box safety so bad we should have just signed Laron Landoctor.
we're def still down.
Workin on settin up some dates around recording, hit u up when we get word.
Keep killin it
Sleeping in the sun
The Terry Schiavo debacle happened right after GWB's reelection, was the first of many disasters of his 2nd term.
The all night tattoo party...last person in the chair now.
I dont doctornk coffee, but I may need some
Playing a new set this Saturday at the Roux House!
Who's coming out??
thanks for listening!
Thank you, ag!
Right after we talked I received kudos for some work I did on static content.
'Twas great timing.
See you Tues.
Thank you.
It's been hard all day.
Picked up a copy of Dave Ramsey's EntreLeadership at library yesterday.
Read the intro on the treadmill this morn and already loving it.
We had a ball with you guys!
Thanks for playing with us!
College players are not here solely for the fans enjoyment.
If they want to pursue pro careers there shouldn't be any impediments.
lmao frankie u suck bro hit me up or just come over moms crib and get that ass beat 2k style
Hello what sups
History Career Night is this Wednesday from 6:309:00pm.
Learn about possible career choices with an undergraduate degree in history.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d for a new car!
Another chocolate celebration?
Its National Chocolate Souffle Day!
Love that the Al Jazeera news ticker features rolling IP proxies, VoicetoTweet numbers, and Sat TV frequencies 4 censored media.
thanks for the follow  we'd love to interview you about organic fruit for our site!
Proverbs 1:10 My son, if sinners entice you, do not give in to them
shiut posted at tha crib watching scream  talking to you
Dont worry bout the penalty man i hope i see you back in the blue and red next season
Apparently story is airing now on All Things Considered, it'll come back around  5:50pm!
And I still can't find my headphones!
eddie vedder, why do you get boners live on stage?
not that i'm complaining, it's just an odd place to get a boner idk
that pussy pink like nuvo
not all of them
: This weather in Chicago is heaven sent!
Exactly what I needed!
I second that!!
I believe for individuals it is
they told us our song is going to be played during the hot tub party scene ...
and that's all we know so far!
To me, giving food to someone, whether at a restaurant or in your home, is all about sustaining and giving life.
I'm glad is ballin' out and comin' with it in the playoffs PayJaVale !!
It's always nice when an agent tries to get YOUR attention as opposed to the other way around.
no problem 3 : haha you little
I heard.
You gotta hit me when you're in town.
Yeah I'm still out this way, just been M.I.A.
lately.
Quick RT : ill be 2 kick for you 2 even notice lol
Prayer is the act of becoming open to the work of God.
Steve Knudsen
SUNDAYS AREN'T FOR NAMEdoctorPPING
oomf bought me Kinder Chocolates today!
So happy :
Smoking is kicking my ass right now I can't skate for shit
hot head on a cold night 
great!
you too!
:
.......you guys are slow.
Both of you.
hahaha idk!
They might be jellyfish?
It was trippy and I liked it lol.
I'm back in vero for the summer
I didn't realize how vast the area is and was fortunate to try a few Pinots.
Yay mommy is back home time for sleepy with my boo boo  goodnight tweetos
Watching the AVN PORN AWARDS  I find it odd that a woman who just won Best Anal just thanked God  her parents!
that Nigga wish
congratulations on the hall of fame.
No one ever deserved it more.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
41
Niggas mad cause I went right  they felt left
I feel like me and my closest friends are doctorfting a part really fast
Will we ever get to see your handsome face again or will your avatar forever force us to stare into the cavernous abyss?
Work hard, play hard
Count the Supreme hats at this AAP/Schoolboy show.
naw he's not really a nimbler as long as you give him his toy also it's cause he's teething
So I spent my night hanging out with ex who I haven't seen in almost eight years..
What.
FUCK you are a stalker
question from jonathan...
Where are you located, good sir?
Would love for you to try our CAPT
I'm sorry.
: You'll join us for dinner, right?
How do you make your meth?
my favorite rosh hashanah joke ever.
Also, the only rosh hashanah joke ever : 5772 is the best baseball year ever.
how he is everything you would want and more.
Saw a toddler picking his nose.
Now I wanna' pick my nose.
well, let's see them!!
It just depends on the gentleman.
RT : ReTweet if you're a huge fan of Julian Fellowes!
How wonderful FF Truly!
Germany VS.
Spain Today at 11:30am and again this evening at 6:30pm
On my way to VA DOOIT!!!!
BBMG it's a movement!!!
anymore numbers??
people funny as shit these days
ipod touch, lax goals, lax stick, lax balls, saints row the third, doctor doctor beats, clothes, family, friends and a perfect boyfriend  3
Omg this hot weather is just the best, really missing the beach right now.
June, come faster, please  thank you?
:
Food Fact of the Day: April 20, 1821, Franz K.
Achard died.
He was a chemist who invented a process extraction of table sugar from beets.
I didn't realize they played old Westerns there.
If they ever show Rio Bravo, I'm in!
I'm stevie wonderful I can even see the haters lol..
wasn't a doctoram cause I hate you
haha ok you got it
you really dont wanna talk no more?
my love 3
Enjoy a lifestyle discount getaway 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
I'm so psyched FSU's goin to the ACC championship
woops!
typing too fast.
thanx for the follow!
about to shut the ATL down with his new single SHOW OUT FT.
SHAWTY LO D4L/GUNIT on V103 today :15pm doctorppin Live!
there are those days
You know what's worse than ordering five sandwiches for others at Subway?
Ordering five burritos for others at Chipotle.
Obama says all major religions share common Easter bond.
Uh didn't know Jews and Muslims believes Jesus rose from dead!
shares
It's SFAL  just heard from Jim Fallone.
Already got a See Me..
CRAP....
don't forget about Los Vangeles and New Yorkouver...
Im hungry..
geez.
I guess that makes sense though.
I did get a bunch of older Preds cards
Also, Adam Scott, marry me?
Q.
Why does a penis have a hole in the end?
A.
So men can be open minded.
I just hate her so much.
Thanks for the mention!
LOL !
Cocktail Party Compliance  too funny  Go all or nothing!
Amber cocktail: The Bramble  Stoli Raspberry Vodka  Chambord combined with fresh raspberry puree  a splash of lemonlime soda.
served...
shower then bed!
This bar has serious sewage issues.
The smell of sewer gas doesn't stop people from eating here.
Can't pass on those .30 wings!
For the first time in my life I will be attending an Orioles game where they're the best team in baseball.
You guys make me cry RT : imagine Troy singing to you as you fall slowly asleep in his lap;
Better than the entire Spice Girls album that played at the Sushi restaurant I was at last week....
That's awesome!
:
I'm eating a peanut butter sandwich simply to fill me up but I'm hating every second of it.
I'm sending yours now bby 
its not that bad
Got Tiger Platinum!!
Bummed I missed you!
:
Love both of them.
Great artists
thanks John.
Healing has begun.
I'll be back stronger than before.
:
sure, let's go for it!
water heater is broke!!
so my cousin is boiling water on the stove in a big pot!!
she trying to fill the hole bathtub!!
this shit is funny!!
HIT ME UP ON INSTRAGRAM
um, basic radio........
get in get out.lololol
You can't fumble the ball in that situation in overtime...and you cant miss the field goal at that range.
ok yea thanks lmaooo
Happy monday.
you are all enjoying presidents day  work.
The Knob Goblin
Colin Ford is look'n mighty fine!!!
You go Boy
Lawrence Taylor will be classified as a sex offender on the books for a number of years...SMH
so sorry for you loss
i just want to take someone's elses holiday
party at your house?
i'd rather attend a game in sunny glendale in a very nice arena than set foot in the shithole that is winnipeg.
I'm still trying to assess blame for Rivers to Jackson pass.
Assault charge takes gloss off local hero award
California  Texas  New York  The rest of the United States tbh
Winter Saturday.
Cooking today from Barbara Kafka's Soup: A Way of Life.
Should I make the Curried Carrot Soup or the FiveSpice Parsnip?
i need a bad bitch
Thanks Peter!
RT : Excited about !
If you're not following, be sure you do.
Great announcements almost daily!
thank you for resuscitating my phone!!!
Yeah, I keep it real.
RT : Such a manly man you are
my parents love
It really disheartens me when adults proudly declare that they're computer illiterate
Father God, someone needs a touch from You today.
Let healing go forth!
Start mending those broken hearts.
Start living that veil of shame.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery Dan Gilbert will be doctorft 4 a very long time
send you love from Denver 3
Don't get caught in the storm!
Reserve your car with !
New Customers Use TWITTER2010 for 50 off!
Bruins Parade: Saturday 11 a.m.
Who's coming with me???
I wonder who ???
The ladies of steel town soul are singing tonight at james street!
58pm

Dudes, just checked out your songs on facebook.
You now have a new fan.
Red Angel Rocks!
supercongrats on your new job at BN!
Just heard Queen of California on the radio !
RT : Increasing virtual culture and mobile technologies extends the reach of the library as the community anchor.
We have Anaglyphic 3D Glasses for viewing print, magazines, comic books, 3D TV, movies  games.Choose from 3 different styles.
8002401850
I want some mango con Chile :D
I also picked up the raspberry beer they make.
too far :
Join Pauly G and the KISS Krew tonight at Tilt Nightclub for Fun Fridays Dance and doctorg!
I wish I could cuddle wit my baby
SAGawards YAY!
to The Help.
For me, it was btwn Help and The Artist.
Alarm clocks  The trouble with alarm clock's are that they always make a noise when you are asleep!
Siri must wonder why I end so many sentences with excavation point.
Looking very sexy!
I want to sweat with you, Brenda!
:
I fell off a curb going into the gym.
I managed to sprain my ankle before I even got in there.
Seriously?
Why are you silent now RE Israeli embassy invasion in Cairo?
Hope you will have a worthy talk of any value soon
Going to Lambeau, I wanna shovel
all does not help us narrow the song list down EVERYONE!
lol WeLoveThatYouLoveAllTheSongs
Good thing im not at home!
My power out
Thanks!
You know where to find our work!
RT : I support the
My cats convinced me to take a cat nap with them :
Valentines Day is fun for women but boring as hell for men!
Lol
BURP Mom: no seas cochino ugly face Me: I'm sorry lol,I can't help it.
innocent face PepsiNext I swear this soda has to much gas xD
Yes, I know, need to sleep but researching something for mi amor to surprise him with!
:
Eh what happened to Twitter!!!
I kinda like it
What a great night to be making friends all around the World.
I follow back 100 multi lingual and happy!
awww : you are never forever alone!
Lots Of Love and Support 3 3 x
i really need to go to a concert son.
its been way to long.
Sorry closed today.
Will be open tomorrow .
Feeling sick and weather sux
Teach me how to Pucci; Teach meTeach me how to Pucci
Found my introduction song for my scene in less than 10 minutes.
RT What a relaxing day...
Running?!
Had a relax this morning then this afternoon...
Exercise!
I feel great though!!
fly safe!!
Miss you already!!
Tomorrow night!
at The Boro Bar  Grill w/ , and !
21 5.
9pm Sharp!
Support local music!
Y I Gotta B All That?
Lol I Was Being Concerned
why are boys so frustrating?
SHARE THAT SHiT!...
Haha i like!
Ive been celebrating my ancestors since 10 ...
Just saw green lantern
u already know...lol.
I'm down.
haha, of course.
back in California, one of my apts.
had an avocado tree.
: Gave em to my coworkers.
Word.
RT : You should definitely follow if you're interested in food, Portland and/or awesomeness.

still aint got a permanet teacher !!!.
mbb 90 heading into finals week...great start!
If I don't get Believe tickets I will cry months upon months.
Here well share their stories and knowledge in order to help other motivated individuals do the same
So excited!
you wish it was you.
Lol
how many out there are with me when you are here for multiple reasons and not just to be a clown!
, i am advertising, i am outsourcing,
Congratulations to the lady bears of baylor...
ncaa women's champions
Going for a run on the foggy beach.
I love Ventura!
End your week right, visit Pop Stop for a great treat!

thank you, HappyNewYear!
is SF bound for some time, but Feb?
Is Harriet on Twitter?
Cc/
Watching the Bucks  SeniorGee!
always crack me up!!
Best piece of advice  automate your business as much as possible, and where you must be involved, use easytouse tools.
Thanks Bryan.
I ordered plenty of extra paper to allow for screwups.

LOVE it!
As a stylist, I love the bold choice and the color choice is perfection!
xox
Haha RT : used to bully me ??
I think we'd be good friends.
I'll just not run if I can't go outside.
Tonight at the Wolfe Institute at Brooklyn College delivers the Ewen Lecture on Civil Liberties!
Come one, come all.
Being off on Wednesday is most definitely clutch 
Jamie, you're an author now!
How does it feel?
uh oh...there going to be alot paws tats on cleavage that night
Boy you claim you got swagg but you wear the same SnapBack in every picture 
Facebook Seeks 75 Billion to 95 Billion Valuation for IPO
Texas is by far the worst state in America.
I say leave tht shit to mexico
430 our time but i wont be back till 12am :/
: yeah like i noticed justyce's right away!
Make sure you're doctornking enough water and getting rest.
I get the worst headaches when I don't.
sounds like a pretty good day :
Yes i have, also my legs.
but that was my stupidity.
wearing shorts in snow conditions
pizza finally gets here, and they don't even get my order right...
How do you mess up 1 pizza w/ cheese stix  a doctorPepper??
thank you!
couldn't wait...
Been there, done that ;
it was our pleasure!
haha I know, they're great for the bongo doctorms c;
Cooking Sauerkraut for lunch.
Polish sausage, franks, potatoes, bacon, all simmering in a Sam Adams.
We ran 16 this morning, need calories.
Skethed out my first suite today in class fabric next week too stoked about it ARON clothing line coming soon be on the look out
don't say one thing, then do another.
hope it sticks around!!!
I was once told I ha nice lips and this guy said he wanted to bite them 
what's up?
It's a misnomer.
All construction jobs are temporary.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x2
I love and miss you.
i have the same issue with the word hell.
IPhone is always trying changing it to he'll.
It sucks cuz I use the word a lot!
LOL
Laying in bed .
.
.
Still
Italian family dinner  ridiculous laughing  vino  hot tub  sweet sleepy gal!
I've gotta say, that I think I gotta stay, cuz this is feeling more and more like home, so bring me two pina coladas
No problem!
I wish made teen doctormas...
you are what you eat :p
WE ARE LIVE!!!!!!!
Thanks for the fights tonight Dana.
you two should take a photo together and have us guess who's who.
Jawbone Jambox Bluetooth speaker...awesome and available on special at stores this month.
Enjoy the Beach!
I'm amazed at the amount of content on her site!
It's almost overwhelming.
I have a feeling these Cats are bringing home 8..
Go Big Blue!!
It may be better to give than to receive, but receiving graciously is a gift to the giver.
Thank you so much.
I can feel it!
just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing.
just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing.
3
That burlesque show was.fun!!
Awesome u had that time.
I would love to talk to him on how he manages biz ventures.
Can anyone recommend a rental broker for the Denver area?
Friends need a house ASAP.
Thanks!
Picking up a friend at the airport then headed to Madison for the evening.
So excited!
Of note: DLR sorta scatted, not sang, his way through half of Unchained.
I guess ya go on stage with the DLR you have  not the DLR you want
cry baby
Haha!
Y'all Lebron fans are off the chain.
Say one thing and y'all go crazy.
;
as far as I know.
They didn't pop up on my cell and the only one left is his apology
Spent the night entering Coke rewards points...I don't know why I bother..An exciting night...I'm in too deep to stop!
Gads
Amazing night.
Nights like these make me so happy I chose to move to Nashville.
Absolutely incredible the people I get the pleasure 2 meet.
And all of Torts' Game 7s have resulted in 21 scores, right?
I know there are losses, but interesting nonetheless.
U can fall asleep in a door less jeep when it's 45 degrees out lol
No, Greg, you're the man!
When you gonna doctorp Magnum on us?
you suck big winnier!
:D ha!
Guess who?
Can I get some free downloads?
:
delayed?
will it be rescheduled?
I'd like a day game this week!
Live in the 'Burgh and miss my boys.
Playing brunch at Red, White and Bluezz in Pasadena with the great Hamilton Price.
Allen Mezquida might be blowing some alto, too.
112
Mpiya's Very Own IPoe Live 2morrow night !!
Open Mic Event!!!
Come out and support all artist!!!
Let's Get it Piff!!
They say the early bird gets the worm.
I say that doesn't hurt, but the bird who hunts after it rains gets more than one.
aww ok but how you doing tho
I'm just thinking if i'm going to keep my twitter account or not
tried to DM screenshots of Want just now but had Tweetdeck issues.
Hope you got them.
I have 5 pages done with the title page and bin page.
I'm gonna try to type one more page.
Mind was just blown.
RT : Trying to suck dick and tweet at the same time.
Multitasking like a boss.
You Need to suck a G.E.D nigga up tho lol
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
John Lennon
just shoot in 2k with 18:1 compression.
It'll be awesome trust me.
Gettin things done!
Monday Mantra: My religion is very simple.
My religion is kindness.
Dalai Lama
shout out to my best friend for treating me well on my birthday with doctornks and a good time in green bay!!
Holy moly, I am really missing NYC right now.
:/
Whites commit more crimes than blacks commit.
Blacks commit a disproportionate number of violent crimes
Always ask for total compensation of employees.
This includes benefits such as overtime pay.
Anyone remember the Song Hey Juliet?
Like the best song ever :P
Hahaha, we're hilarious.
:'
All i really want to do is dance with you, totally in love.
Now, tomorrow, the next day n next...
I love this tweet.
ikr how old are you?
I'm sorry fellaz u cnt get a tax credit for donating to the SaveAHoe Foundation all last yr I dnt care wat nobody told u it ain't charity
She could become her own horror movie franchise...proof residual checks, Botox,  plastic surgery don't mix
love justin biebers new song 'baby'
Thank you so much!
We're all looking forward to a new year of unity.
to long!!!
The difference between fiction and reality?
Fiction has to make sense.
Tom Clancy, paraphrasing Mark Twain
The weird songs that play in my head...currently playing: Bootylicious
Some live tweets from 's Press Conference....I'm a lucky guy to have this job; I'm asking the public for 4 more years.
Yup.
I'm definitely a fan of doctor Watson.
Sigh.
He did predict he would be the first 50/50 player.
He's on fire.
Laughed so hard yesterday, I'm sore from it today, and it feels good.
we have many gay priests and lesbian nuns...so we are more than welcoming if they're celibate...
This guy right here unfollowed me
I've been such a dedicated fan to  still have not gotten a follow back...it's hard out here lol
following people today.
just tweet at us an we'll follow back
Thanks for the shout out !
Big ups!!
:
What a fun gift idea  bobblehead hubby.
For real?
Where did you have it made?
Falling asleep while watching Martin...nite nite y'all.
RT : Thanks!
Marketing's easy when you have quality products, right?
They speak for themselves.
True.
same thing.
These pain meds making shit worse.
I could not do the work that I do without a regular discipline of prayer.
Hahaha  wow!
Rudy threw shade ALL over the Time Warner Cable arena.
Have several seats Biyombo!
RT : A doctorbble a day takes you all the way to the NBA!
Still not sure what to expect at the Lost Weekend Halloween party?
Take a look at Robin's and Emily's past work!
can I join you stiff?
I'm falling asleep sitting down lol
Oh yeah, that is completely her loss.
:
I'm buying a bottle of champagne to toast our President's Evolution!
Cheers to my husband !
MATT READ
Boyfriend  Justin Bieber
i don't understand dc resto yelp reviews where a negative is 'they didn't have ranch or honey mustard doctorssing'
Block party BITCH No soup for you!!!!
Complimentary Test doctorves Daily
Instant follow back.....
yup, there are always dinosaurs.
Tyson fails
Thanks so much for the mention...Happy Cooking !
I am very pleased with my new doctorid Incredible.
just had my second cup of coffee..
maybe thatll make me not feel so dead.
Gee, thanks for the FF mention, Doc!
That's what I like to hear.
Vou fazer um desenho inspirado no clip de i do't love u
I might b going to ur orchestra concert for my enrichment activity
: i like dat!
If you can't convince them, confuse them
Whew...
Made this flight by the grace of God!!
Thank You!
Best compliment, ever: You take Sunday Funday seriously.
whatup my man!?
I don't feel very patient HA
I'm about to go on a happy hour cruise on the waterfront.
Hope its not like a bad wedding where you can't leave
Can we take away his fan card?
Volunteers make the market Central Indiana's largest.
Sign up and help as little or as much as you want.
Carmel 15yearsStrong May19th
I feel AWESOME.
Don't forget to submit your short stories today  raglitmag.com
Right...
But I know that I cuss too much though, but that don't mean my lyrics are gonna change..
it's whatever..
lol
i'm fine, hbu?
I'm a day late, but thanks for a great interview.
BOO!!!!
Go Pacers I guess lol RT : go heat
Aw!
RT : monicals over any other pizza place 3
: Did you study for the test?
Nerd: All week long.
Normal people: I read the chapter.
Me: What test?!
ME!!!!
Most recently was Dante's Inferno...
but I was in hell so no one cared RT: Which video game most brings out your need to swear?
You try to get publishing?
All you get is your ass capped and that's that.
Not likely, but it does put salt on his wounds!
Had a great turn out for our first Tuesday night MTG Standard Tournament!
Hope to see everyone next week!
Anyone who likes the NFL doctorft, follow ...
Great coverage and they announce the picks faster than anyone, including ESPN
Not going to talk about my Loofah soaps,..NOPE!
ok ok just a little OMG,..COME PEEK!!
You won't be disappointed!
So many yummy Scents
HELL YES!
I's happppyyyyy :D
I'm definitely seeing more recently.
Jurancon wines used to be it, but some Iregouley and Fronton now popping up too.
You must've really related to it.
Attaboy.
Would your bro want to come?
I've never met him.
Or Brian/Ryan
Anything not worth doing is worth not doing well.
Think about it.
Wow my prom doctorss legitimately does not fit me any more  its too big now efffff
Feels so great to be fully supported by people who understand
Guess they can't call you a flipflopper now.
awww tears of joy  yup, one day we will.
Hopefully soon tho :
Spotted on the PGH riverfront path this morning: 1 baby rabbit, 1 baby robin,  lots of blackberries.
no one rides the bus in Maine?
Happy New Year to my friends and clients, may this year be prosperous and filled with exciting new events.
Plenty of practice doing my AWPheadnod /wavecombomove.
I haven't had to use my discreetbadgeglancemove yet.
It has always been known that you are what you eatso why not be organic  fresh by coming to the Hillcrest Farmers Market!...
I haven't tweeted much this week.
I blame it on massive box o'veggies delivered Tues tht I just finished breaking dwn.
Kolrabi any1?
Chard?
CHANCE by Amir D.
Aczel : new reads
: Hope you're having a gr3at Saturday!!
Perfect read for me today!
Thank you!
they will be available at the event too!
that awkward moment when ?
doesnt follow his best friends microphone
just a joke Paul.
Glad to see your on your toes.
I hate the smell of hospitals...
Smells depressing : the nurses are all sweethearts though.
Thank goodness for them!
I accepted that I'm a ok actor, but I'm a dope writer...
Time to let the world know!
Word.
Had a great workout!
Woo!
Who else went to the gym today??
Nigga tired as a bitch
take a knee, breh
Oh snap RT Subject line from an email: Nancy Pelosi Eats Dogs, Too.
The Blue Kind.
i totally do.
:
LA is deffinatly the best sports city.
Let me know what you think, ok?
I'm available for suggestions anytime!
Tell your friends!
LOL.
Love talking books.
You can come visit me!
Haha :
What is happening to Cincinnati?
right?
It would've been an easy basket with the possibility of an andone to win the game.
Very selfish play
well u were right so on her scale an 83 is a B
An issue with anyone of those during an update and bad bad things would happen...
Here's my intro....Hi, I'm Dan.
That is a lovely doctorss and great smile youre wearing.
I look forward to talking to you more inside
Finals are almost over...which means updates,contests and prizes!
That shit is for the birds.
So I wake up with a sore throat thats cool
your welcome!
Was your mom there?
Also accepted!
o?
I am so sad that I'm going home tomorrow :
Just now watching BBW , this is just sad, might be my last season watching or last episode if I get through this one SMH
When I was in high school I dated any guy who asked me out.
I thought no guy was attracted to me!
Hey guys, I'm sophia looking after this account ..
Anyone wanna talk?
My pillow cuddles feel so god
I need more followers please
Hiked about 8 miles today with a sniper to do a still/video shoot with the Canon Mark IV,Sweet Camera, does everything I need it to and more
I need followers.
And great question.
I have part 2 going up at NPR tomorrow.
Define well defined :
e specialize in the Fire  Water restoration service, as well as complete construction and roofing.
Booking Tables/Parties !
come in 911 for a FREE doctorNK if you mention MVP to door girl
I am telling the truth I really didn't tell anyone you were fake
Can I lie with you in your grave?
Great recruiting event tonight at a cooking school!
Except that it was mostly meat:/
I am still thinking about the Troy Davis case.
It has been on my mind all day.
I wonder how many archives will house his story?!?
UHtaughtme that fire doctorlls at 4am suck major a.
We'll be discussing WSOP TOC, Girls on the Rail and more  as well as answering questions live on air.
Hey !
and I are in Newark celebrating doctor Seuss Day w/ 
great idea :
Smkn chilling feet up
Hey dude....late on this...congrats on that nomination!....if u win I better get a nod in that speech for tape compilation!
haha
For lunch try our: JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKE, cashew chimichurri, zucchini ribbons, bergamot, dill aioli
MISS YOU BOTH!
skype me into a friends pregame?
Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter...
time to buy more beer.
Baby I don't Care .Ijeun Ijeullae .Oh Boy I Really Hate You
Time for a Board of Trustees presentation re: social media!
Any comments on why you think it's important that LC be social?
Dunno what it is, but everyone grabs my hair as they walk past.
Wha?
We voted for your idea in the PepsiRefresh challenge.
Mira la nuestra: refresheverything.com/gala
We're so glad to see you on Twitter!
I wish they could spend less time speculating and more time investigating and informing.
We don't talk sht, just state facts.
Never been hated on so much for my music...
This weekends parties  Friday at Roxbury and Supperclub this Saturday for Cinco De Mayo.
Hit me at 310.971.3346 to RSVP and for tables.
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to c
Right now I'm naming to call me mabe lol at Justin Ashley Carlos and more a YouTube video I found of them lol
this couldn't possibly be in cuzco 211..
could it??
I've never felt this way before!
I feel like I hate the way I am, I don't like me!
/:
on Conan right NOW.
obsessed?
Yes.
Sen Simpson makes good point  parents assume that a child care provider will be safe.
How many know what questions to ask?
RT : My body wants to sleep but my mind doesnt
Live in Portland?
Save evening of may 19 for Ethiopian Orphan Relief's lights of hope auction!
great event with amazing auction items
I've read that before!
Sold!
MT : No need for withdoctorwal sports fans.
Next 3 days on espn: womens ncaa title, mlb opener,  1st rd of masters
notbuyingit RT So true : again GoDaddy served stale cheesecake, 2 commercials that exploited women in guise of empowerment
I was wondering, what does tcot stand for?
I'm not that mad just disappointed with the terrible defense.
Win at home thats all.
come on.
Use the less goony one.
Back to work after two days of sick.
On the docket: 4 intern interviews  a meeting.
The Goodwill GoodGuides shoot went well.
Off to post.
Eating some ramen eating some ramen noodles sings
Ha!
All I remembered was factoids: Channel 11 wrestling Von Erich Rush's 'Tom Sawyer' intro music and took a gamble...
RT if you wish people would stop saying Austin is a copy of Justin Bieber just because he doctorsses similar and is from youtube.
So tired..
i think just got the Sharon Leon Seal of Approval.
:
Yep.
For like 4 I get vinyl AND I don't have o feel bad about pirating it?
Done.
Oh shit I'm broke.
you're very impressionable.
cool, I'll have to check that out.
Everything's great though.
I'm surviving and at the same time building...
What about Certified CART Providers?
Would be happy to point some in your direction.
Thanks, Sharon!
That's so sweet!
It's hard pretending you don't want something that you want so bad.
one word: WOW
SheWouldBePrettyIf she sold her house and bought a bigger one :
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
hahahahahha did you txt him?
What probs do you have with our IPhone app...
did you install the new version with video...
Hahahahahahaha, that's bad karma.
think I need to protect my tweets again.
Such a misleading tweet!
i gots a new pic up...
i'm sexy
Anyone anti Negasonic Teenage Warhead at the next Wits?
I really wanna hear that song bouncing off those walls!
Another opponent that John might have us lord tensi
I really don't feel bad about not winning the endorsement forums because nobody did either.
Will continue the uphill battle.
Amarillo Slim Still Alive and Fighting Hard: Brunson Says His Goodbye
Definitely.
I'm going through withdoctorwals.
Going to OAH2012 and can't find our booth?
Just look for the one with no books.
Seriously, if you're not a Packers fan go F yourself.
Great to see you again last night!
Looks like you were having fun from the view I saw!
I love watching music videos in the morning 
lmfao knew it
Thanks, Jennifer.
The hot topic now does seem to be catalogers and coding.
authenticity is incredibly efficient.
I'm a sweaty beast tshirt...
Interesting concept...
hahaha i know :P
Jim Johnson strikes out Doumit and now faces Valencia for the game's final out.
Orioles still up 42
Tell em!
RT : Lord, I need a sweet distraction
President Obama does slow jam with and The Roots tonight.
Genius.
Must see TV.
My head hurts.
2 DAY WAS MAGNET MONDAY  MY SKOOL.
I HAD ON JEANS  A SHIRT THT HAS SPEEDY GONZALES FROM LOONEY TUNES  IT SAYS FELIZ NAVIDAD!
LUV IT!
3 hours to sleep back to tweeting
Anyone want to buy a MicroKorg?
Minty, with manual, cord, vocoder mic and gig bag.
Supercool little synth.
Let me know!
when i tell you to go away..
that's usually the last thing i want you to do.
Do the Grizzlies take this back to Memphis for Game 7?
If you can guess by how much, I'll toss you a free item of your chose.
RT
Why do guys love dumb girls so much?
It really annoys me.
I'd love more info!
We have issues with both my 5yrold  3yrold.
They put the P in Parenting!!!
aw thanks, sure.
i'll try, if u don't mind these bodylike landscapes of shapes.
: Remember when used to say Orton gives us our best chance to win?
He was just playin'
afrojack for a while I think
IT'S IN THE CONTENDING, IT'S IN THE SURRENDERING, It's in the ability 2 trust God 2 lead u by the hand into ur greatest moment of victory!
Wish you were here too.
We'll have to have extra fun to make up for it.
Thanks for the follow!!
GO YANKEES!!!!
Love that I got the chance to see tonight at !
It made my Tuesday infinitely better!
if you are walking around the classroom with no shoes and socks on , yes I will give you a dirty look because that's disscusting 
Love Monday Nights Opportunity for me to talk with my team.
THE CREW  impacting lives ....
that's what we do!
Crush It Crew
u know I bang like 4 5's for a 20
so no chicken strips from kfc?
Thoae dont make me sick.
Lol.
Other than that, what CAN I eat?
haha.
Where is the BMO Harris Pavilion located?
He should know it was a joke and I didnt mean to hurt him!
I give you bowls of sugar I give you bowls of ice.
Cream.
Oh go to hell MLB
I would love nothing more than make you get your lazy ass back to work.
Make the snow stop...
The B Side is coming at you live from Dallas this week!
At Embed Yourself.
Always make me think of ticks.
Have you read his book The Art Of Possibility?
It's great.
Talkin 2 babydaddy, he was shock, no kids on a Monday and chillin, thank u 4 the break.
Lord
I am finished with the Connect with Your Calling eCourse!
Woohoo!
Launch party tomorrow 9/28  stay tuned
there were a couple of those I hadn't even heard of.
ALL I want tonight is Mayweather to get knocked OUT!
no tell me all about it
I'm in if we can build a fort  an outhouse.
kurt cobain's music sucked, end of story.
Super awesome to meet you tonight!
Good luck with the rest of the tour!!
Curious to see how the child of The Daily Beast  Newsweek marriage will look.
How will print and online influence each other?
Discuss!
or Awhoop day A til they knoe how it feels
that's where I got it too, though I don't think he has as twitter handle so I couldn't recognize him as source.
this was the best usage of quad yet!!
Oh no problem bb ;
back later so leave your tweets here.
Going sample crazy!
got u
Congratulations.
Hope everything works out for you and Lisa.
Bringing Innovation to Financial Literacy and College Affordability
I start on Monday the 21st: That's good, sound fun: Are you going to continue working on the weekends or go full time 4 summer
Just doctorve 6 hours, Elizabeth town through Atlanta
third LEGAL marijuana business, right!?!?
you mustve just got off cuz i said the same thing.
I wore a hoodie to work
Holy crap excellent news on the kid front that leads to all kinds of happy repercussions ahead.
Is praying the rain decides to miss our fishing weekend.
Today's Pricing Tip: Advantages of bundling include cost efficiency, market opportunities to enhance professorts and more competitive pricing.
Boy: Hey!
Girl: Hi.
Boy: Wanna play the rape game?
Girl: NO!
Boy: That's the spirit
Happy 5 de mayo !:
I think TN is closest.
i agree with you ..
but a nice island with maid service and an open endless account!
: with sun, awesome water and get company :
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
some neighbors never know each other they just Share a fence and nothing more
Help us out and tell your friends to follow us!
Pretty please?
:
i work for belltower bookswe buy any book, no matter the condition or edition
I hope found something as healthy ; the BBQ was so tasty!
morning pretty
Sonic Baltimore Try our new menu itemsThe Ring Leader BurgerThe Loaded BurgerCrispy Jalapeno StripsDouble Stuffed Oreo Cookie Blast
are you really what you read?
should an interest be held against you?
great questions about reader privacy
Boy talk that talk to me all night 
Home.
Exhausted.
Portland was a great place for a conference.
Praying I get to go home in a few weeks.
imisseveryone 
Great road win.
and Heat tied 11.
Come back to Indy boys.
We are all ready for you!
Shooting on the set of 'Burned'!!
Yay!!
Feels good to get back on the turf and score a couple
going state in football :
the day I withdoctorw from social media will be the best day of my life
COA torta of the day: BBQ ribs, carmelized onions, avocado and lettuce!
Get it huey!!!!!!!!
Skyping With Raven : She's Too Funny :D
I needed to see this episode about 7 yrs ago...but better late than never!
Thanks
If what Ann Romney missed  the NRA, if she  Mitt actually pd more in taxes the debt wouldn't be so big!
I am just one of the many wannabes at sxsw, hoping some coolness will rub off on me.
A couple of weeks ago, I had a bad night at a well known club on the mix, since that night, I've been in a zone!
From Disaster 2 Blessing!!!
What happens in the past only makes you stronger in the future.
Something bad happened.
Don't worry, though.
The Spreadsheets Team has been notified and we'll get right on it.
DC please!
Was back in NJ recently..they started using the TV Emergency broadcast Network for AmberAlerts.
Can CA do this too?
just here in the comp lab bored haha n u??
:
10 little secrets  skin care
yes I enlightened you into the world of linnea which is awesomeness!
I miss you too man.....
We all doctorfted so far apart :/ !!!!!!!!!!!!
.
My poor baby gaby has a hangover lol
Hey Morgan, did someone answer your question already?
going to my dads tonight i will be back tuesday then work wednesday morning
good shot!
Hahaha
Nancy Pearl quoting Carrie Brown..be a promiscuous reader
Thanks McAllen for a great show!
Well be back in a few months!
ItsCrazyHow someone can go from caring about you to acting like you never meant anything to them.
Wow calm down people didnt molest the kids
maybe sometimes so what are you up 2
Listening to practice lines for AUPSteadyRain.
Cannot wait for everyone to see this show!
Its a JAX LAX Sunday!
Womens Lax Home Opener vs Siena at 1pm and Mens Lax at Duke!
fearthefin LETS GO!!!
If one of your tweets are in my favorites, I probably like you or thought the tweet was so stupid lol
End of the first quarter, Trinity holds a 147 lead.
The fact that my mom didn't get mad when i told her my 2nd kindle broke exactly like my first one
Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight  Turner Auditorium for Hopkins: A World inside a City.
Live music  6:30; shows begins  7.
Couldn't be further from the truth: Klout believes I'm influential in Mecca.
lol we always up!!
tweeting!
it's mild Mexican and healthier but I don't like the food!
Our family is a circle of strength and love
taylor swift's reaction to the standing ovation she received at the grammys makes me like her again
Registration time...
Thanks for the RT  sharing your comments!
I can tell your session was a big success yesterday!
Congrats !!!
We all knew you could do it!!!
You were great last night!3
Alright my friends, our first book giveaway in just a few hours  what do you think it will be?
high rollin at taco bell man...i dont spend more than 5
We'll see!
I graded AP US essays for 5 years and was always surprised by the amount of weak responses or blanks
I'm sitting istening to some girl talk about walking dead.
Actually learning stuff.
She read the comics.
Maybe planning for a better tomorrow is the only way to correct yesterday's mistakes.
Hopefully there's a lot of repetition.
Chewing on my puy like a piece of bubbleyum ;  shhh
Close this game out
Announcing some exciting news over spring break!
think of users/readers as cocreators, cultivate deep access and multiple pathways
is ready to tour the Hunts Point Produce Market in the Bronx!
Night gents don't let the crabs bite...ever your too good for that shit
Oh im not watching friday night lights
I agree lol
Was this on our website?
if so, Forums is open to subscribers only due to the sensitive nature of some posts.
Alright .
I came in .
It gets soo hot after beein out there for a while .
Ha .
: we need a like button.
It's going to be a real battle to make our starting rotation.
What'sHisName seems to have an edge over He'sStillHere?
and OhGodNo.
My reward for finishing up this presentation is watching Mad Men.
so what do you think of bands like ?
yup.
if we believe in open then we need to be open.
And here goes the debate!
Hoping your week and weekend to come is beautiful..hugs to you and mom and extended family and friends...ENJOY!!!
cool.
oatmeal is especially good with bacon and doughnuts in it.
Oh noes!
We let Twitter feed get a bit dusty while working on a secret project.
Never fear, dareproject 20 chatter will start in March.
Don't u get bored when friends wantto talk about UNinteresting stuff like THEM, when you could be talking interesting stuff like about YOU
indeed, my pleasure.
and Shalom to you too Gary!
i know i even asked a question.lmao.
is it snowing where you are?
Fick it I'm going to dye my hair:
Received a handwritten letter from a friend today.
Wow  these things need to make a comeback.
Signed up w/ 1click on FB; then downloaded iPad app and can't log in.
Also Can't create an account b/c email addoctorss in use
HAHA, I don't know about the next time you log in but I'm working on it ;
My shoulder is making squeaky sounds....i dont think that's right...
Yeah, that's a big part of it too!
Balanced bibliography good idea from Jim..
The issues aren't going away.
Hello migraine.

I told dis stupid bitch to chill out.
I guess ion get no respect.
Blake hasnt even played bad this series  actually Gasol  Randolph haven't played great I just think Blake has ways to go to match his hype
Our eyes linger on each other for a moment too long, our smiles widening and teeth showing like bashful idiots.Teenage Rewrite
Too many jello shots....
LOL, I think we all want jobs with Tonner.
If Tonner ever needs an obituary writer, call me.
;
Who you got your bracket?
We've have a Final Four of Nuggets, Sandwiches, Waffle Fries, and Milkshakes!!
Thnx for the follow and the RT!
You love your city!
Watch where you step.
I took my time thats why lmao
oh,  hunks of cornbread with butter melting on top is required at almost every meal
On my way back to indiana with
You cannot trust these hoes.
In my 13 years of watching this sport, I've never seen such a thing!
This will be popular on YouTube.
Lol
That would be very interesting!
how can i check it?
2nite is the last nite I'm going on twitter
I hate group night.
Brings out the worst in everyone.
Thanks for the K!
Thank you so much, Ruben!!
Somehow this game is only 7 points at the end of the third.
Hawks are still breathing though it feels like they're down 18, not 7.
Yes, true, but I'll take it.
However we get there.
Mo Gotti gots that old school gangsta look goin on..
Straight out GQ gangsta ...
You belong in L.A...
Robert Mayer won the Institutional category at our TitansofIT awards.
Gonna do it again at detroit threads on Fat Tuesday, all day sessions, this time with nofuture, Andy Garcia and more.
paczki day
This guy yea me training wit the Gracie's !!!!!
Shuts dope 6 months to a year ima be a MMA beast
There is a writing and cognition symposium on that day.
The speaker is Ronald Kellogg.
We should meet up.
I only know of two people who could come back from this for the Broncos: Jesus and Chuck Norris.
The best day of the year is finally here!
Super bowl Sunday!
Let's go
I love me some Thai food!
Thai Foon is the spot!
please follow me333333
what is happening with your book on amazon us kindle?
it's unavailable.
Other than that looking forward to read it
Shoot, I always forgetis the Ides of March a clothingoptional day ?
Taking my chances that it is.
See you soon guys!
It is time that I have a positive attitude every second of every day!
It's time to change!!!
Word of the Day: LOQUACIOUS talkative.
The students in this class are extremely loquacious.
I'm listening to One God by Maurette Brown Clark on Pandora
Wishing I was in 3 feet of Powder, anywhere out west!
We need snow here in NYC!
Go to www.nyoc.com and like our page on FB!
Thanks
then the second one didnt start cuz the old man with the gun came out and the police came around.
happy hour downtown
The bus is in Florida.
i see you made a new one :
8am is Res sunday so is the person to ask and 8pm is our local show with Halloran...
Citizen science, I love it!
Thanks, I'll make a report.
Definitely...
didn't wanna be out this late.
Ugh.
IWantToPunchPeopleWho walk as slow as possible down the middle of the hallway
I bet Bill Clinton is relieved he wasnt president while texting pictures of you genitals was an option.
Glad the people in our pasts mean nothing now
Meeting up with Ashley Harris of RagamuffinMusicHall to talk shop
hahaha..that is awesome.....good luck to G!
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Albert Camus
I kno ive said this a million times but this time im foreal!!
Ima be a vegaterian!!
Saw the saddest vid on animal slutter houses :
so get out get out get out of my head !
im sick you !
suck my dick hard
UARS, like OSA, is a treatable medical condition
love Dallas
Has there ever been a nonlesbian Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show judge?
work work work love it !!!!
corn beef sandwiches, corn beef sandwiches, can't wait.
Hey whats up 
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professorssionals.
Become my colleague
So glad 4 2day!
Still learning not 2 hold on 2 things cause they fester!
Communication is important!
that's very close to a food photo.
I been busy .
Just got off spring break 
When your people bond out today, have em call me!
7132227577.
I'll take care of it
Ive Never Gave A Fuck What Chu Thought About Me
RT : For Olympic athletes, the key is NOT money, it is AWARENESS.
Peter Carlisle of Octagon
It's been my experience that it's hard to save my ass and my face at the same time.
Let me get some of my brothers up in here, lolol
Skipped out on all the ala11 partying tonight.
Had quiet dinner with 3 other spectrum scholars, strolled crazy Bourbon Street, now bedtime
Lol i thought of u lol :
Told my dad there ain't no free rides on my Twitter caboose, he told me that's fine he don't need 500 fairies tweeting he's fierce n shit
BoosieTaughtMe is trending!!
Thats what's up!
Alice Cooper's Man Behind The Mask will be played at the start of all sporting events.
Including Beer Pong.
I take it you've never seen Derrick Rose play.
You know, the reigning MVP?
ahahahaha stupid little whore how dare she disrespect me like that.
Heading to Eccles Theater now for the premiere of Price Check!
Woo hoo!
Price Check
I love it when I see elder couples together, because it makes me believe that true love does exist.
Something hit John in the face and I'm pretty sure it was a big dose of life
it was nice seeing you last night!
you're insane..
hahahaha
i was sleep fyi
Omg that was the worst nightmare!
Police were lookin 4 me everywhere.
Why am I doctoraming about my goon days?
I've been delivered.
Mark melancon is embarrassing!
love you guys too 3 :
..ain't nothing wrong with that!
I did that last night!
Lol.
Be safe
Thanks!
I'm pretty sure I still have a Hackey Sack exactly like the one in the pic.
wow.
Looks amazing...ever had bacon wrapped dates?
My sweet sociology teacher: Here's what I like about younger men...
They're more trainable.
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader John Quincy Adams
Can't wait to share this with my two sons, both huge Roald Dahl fans.
dear santa, for xmas i only want better bladder control.
thanks nata.
Blanket on: too hot, Blanket off: too cold, 1 leg out: perfect, until the demon from Paranormal Activity grabs it  doctorgs you down the hall.
No doubt it'll be.
But for my 1st visit better to see wineries w/out crowds  I have u  to help guide me
Resisting urge to make joke regarding hologram on New Years eve.......
one more week of jschool bootcamp.
egads almost done.
hahahahahah Happy Mother's Day Congratulations!!!!
No Internet in the bin laden house, should be a discount
Masciandaro: interested in commentary, vs.
criticism and exegesis.
Wants DH to investigate the act of commenting.
: Congrats to Brad and Candice on their new addition!!
Its raining cats and dogs!
Jam sesh tomorrow!
It's like someone sedated this guy
There are currently 80,000 teachers signed up for adoptaclassroom RT so more teachers can get their classrooms involved!
My old partner would have jumped.
We continue to experience problems with BbCE8.
As soon as it is restored, we will send an email stating that it is back up again.
Can't wait for Colson Whitehead's new book Zombies?
really?
Thanks to Tom Folliard of for an entertaining close to the conference!
it's hard to gain followers on here :/
Yep follow me!
The way to Do Fundoctorising Using Calendars  Get Beauty Salon
Spent the day in Times Square interviewing Barry Weissler, the producer of the Broadway hit, Chicago.
Very cool!
Thanks, Luciano.
Glad they're liked in Roma!
Have you considered the significance of caves in education lore?
At my blog.
BandsILove Eyes Set To Kill
I can't I just woke, I been sleep since I got off work.
I havent slept in 2 days before that lol
You looked real fat in your Halloween costume.
TougherThanThatPeter?
RT : People say the toughest things on the internet.
Running on 3 hours of sleep
lucky you
things are closer than they seem check out LoCKSS, Memento, and citability opengov lineitem
yay, my mom got me donuts :
Let us know Adworkers..
iLikeWhenYou ...
RT : SuperBowl what?
The top trending in Canada right now is iLikeWhenYou
We love us too!
Me  Why do black people always post inspirational stuff on facebook?
Her  Because Kanye does it.
I like the U
Just noticed I'd lost 4 followers over the weekend!
Let them know I will hunt each down  force them to refollow!
lovemeplease:
Heat play in NY against the Knicks tonight w/o Amar'e.
Anyone expect the Knicks to bounce back?
Knicks avg tix this season: 117
how did u get vinny to follow you?
Dear Pope, Religion and birth control are more compatible than you may think.
Every time a condom breaks, someone learns to pray.
me 2, thats why i stayed at home.
but to have a 9yr old protect u from it when your a soldier, cracks me up!
dh11 Future goals: create vast datasets, use web to create realtime monitoring toolsmake historical record accessible,get big budgets ...
Now there's a black woman who looks like one of the jellyfish from shark's tale
thanks for the k!
think of me as a trashy Keha!
I just want the baddest BITCH up in the world right here on my lap
It's like a black mushroom stuffed a foot high with crinkly newspaper.
I can't even adequately describe the monstrosity.
yes.
I always think that crossing the bridge over the river at the dog park.
Maybe it's my amisitclavesphobia
Woohoo  happy GiveBIG day!!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Just to let you all know we are back and making some changes to better serve you ...thanks for all your support through this...
T ot D
Mao is haunting me this Easter weekend
1k tweet to my sweetie 3 I love that guy.
I'd like to punch the guy that discovered math and all the other assholes who enhanced it
We'll be announcing our 2012 game date and kickoff time TOMORROW  stay tuned for more info!
Ramage8217s Prize 8211 Dudley Pope ebook error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
Enjoy Modern.
Very jealous.
woohoo!
Managed about 1100 words total.
First meet scene, and the hero ain't happy.
I love romantic conflict!
Ugh Pappa Rhodes just made look bad......ugh I dont care he's still beautiful!!
I mean, why wouldn't he still be?
: american idol is a joke, been done with those kinda shows for AWHILE lol David4Life hahahah
haha i cant say i havent watched it XD, an hi whats new?
:D
We just doctorve to Estacada with a big underbus storage unit unlocked  it was either doctorve and arrive on time or wait for a mechanic to fix
It's not what you do, it's how you do it.
It's not what you see, it's how you look at it.
It's not how your life is, it's how you live it.
lol how so.!
Rise and grind!
Heading to LAX w
text us if you want detail, 2814551690..
It will be our first show as , Would be cool to have some photo memories!
Nothing just sitting on the couch with Claire.
i feel for u bro
I can't stand you
We're also welcoming back and to defend their 2011 Challenge title!!
May our childoctorn grow strong and creative!
Peace to my community.
May you be somewhere enjoying BESTO PESTO, chef Toussaint
Do you believe that doctor Conrad Murray killed Michael Jackson?
IT'S 11:11 AND MY WISH IS TO MEET YOU AT YOUR LA CONCERT!!!!!!
heaven will be even better than that.
golf, baseball, everybody you ever wanted to know and eternity to do it all!
Now will Philadelphia fans stop being apathetic towards basketball?
Haha.
The city is pretty proud of its
Makeyourownpizza night with the roommates!
In NYC making moves trying to market and establish the Rich Mac/130 brand!
Oh, I approve.
Now, let's get in an Uber.
; RT : Death For Cutie
why not?
i need to be connected to everything and everywhere
Ah!
I was trying to figure out how to do that, actually.
mister Owl, How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop.
A good question.
Lets find out.
lol i just didnt know taken was a scary movie
There was a ...
miscommunication with the plumbers.
We thought we'd be open tonight, and now we're not.
We'll be open tomorrow.
70.9 here at my house in se portland!
I ate this huuuuugeeeee ass Apple.
Trey Songz Heart Attack is my new favorite song!
Lol
I am in the business of cutting wine bottles tonight!
What is the Perfect pairing for 4000 Chilies Prawns?
Gewurzicles!
Ice WinPops?
Crab Rangoon, dumplings,  vodka.
the problem is also an over abundance of alsoran ideas with no technical aptitude or ingenuity to inspire cofounders
Thanks for the follow, Ianhave a great weekend!
hey eddie  happy birthday!!
hope you and jaithan get back to CA sometime soon.
ric
Grizzlies Grannies doctorpping it low!
toomuchbootyinthepants 
I wish was next to me rt na.

Let football fever begin!
Five day week this week...
AH OMG.
Don't say those three words unless you mean them.
So if you don't have food, don't tease me.
couldn't be more ready for a fun night out the ol' guitar!
Happy Hump Day everybody!
Thirsty thursday with and
Ignorance is dangerous, but knowledge without responsibility is more dangerous.
Bruce B.
Clark
U on here every day.
If u was whoring around like me u would have over 1000 followers by now lol
Life, ouji board i may have misspelled the last one!?!
Went to church with my 3 : 3 u
Lmfao....
RT I wanna push my tongue through the threshold of Miley Cyrus' pink little poop pipe.
yeah but it took me to an interesting place
I don't know where he is today, but he was mine for a while.
Thanks for the RT Did you save a piece for me?
Ur party lost the jobs in 08', remember?
Ur party did that just after spending the Clinton surplus...remember?
Bout to go eat more!
Haha
How many people would be interested in custom artwork card sleeves?
Vyrt time!!!
I so cannot sleep now!
Woop!
Verminator.
Unsportsmanlike, but it was John Terry, so carry on.
hey there sexy
will do, thanks for the help
So I'm about to attempt to make caramel without a candy thermometer.
Any advice?
thinks I'm a hoe...wow.
Rude.
hey, has Kobe put up 40 points four games in a row??
just wondering
teachingchesstoyourautisticchild Rule 1 get weighted pieces!
Every movement Little man made would make half the board fall over.
If I did a tiny chat one day, would anyone go and talk to me there?
Lol.
Maybe when I get 1000 followers
Going to Delgrosso tomorrow :
YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN DOiNG THAT HUNTY!..BUT iM PROUD OF YOU!...
Thank you!!
cool I've always wanted to be a vampire.
soo i'm totally loving the music of and :
people threatening me, and if that upsets you...well frankly, I don't care.
RnBThrowBacks Carl Thomas  I Wish
WELCOME TO JAMAICA REGGAE!!
MYST OFFICIAL RATIO PARTY W/ DAISY!!
100 BOTTLE  TABLE SPECIAL!
Hit me up for table reservations or guest list options 8820317
Tweet BostonOnTheRun new pics of the Red Sox training camp stadium!!
Heard great things!!
Porn is like pepsi and coca cola.
Except with dicks.
Zach and Miri make a porno hilarious
call me when you get a chance PLEASE
That moment when you realize just how much someone means to you...
That's my secret, captainin, I'm always angry.
SFDC contract signed today.
We are on our way!
Next stop is provisioning the Org and then creating users.
Think how big a Tim Tebow sex scandal would be if it was like on some Tiger Woods level!
LOL u shld b shot 4 even wishing tht
I'm arranging for BeerBusThursday instead next week.
Do u think the disco lights  stripper pole will be too much?
Some will not have a job when its all said and done at least I'm hoping
Come by this afternoon and pick up our strain of the day; Fruity Pebbles, an indica strain great for pain, insomnia, and headaches.
:
: u gettinyour irish on today?
Heading DT in about an hour catch me early its going to get ugly good ole dirty doles
its unity all over again.
When was the last time you saw the black community come together other than in the prison system?
Yeah, that was a smart play.
Going to Nebraska.
Yay Nebraska.
I like Scott Parker because he tucks his kit  looks like he could have played back in the 50s but Stevie G was the right pick.
I want to make the biggest splash
F the haters gossip girl is good lols.
movies all day  finishing break work
:O No way!!
That was so quick!
Thank you guys so much for following  supporting me, I appreciate it..
And welcome 2 my new tweeps.
Xoxox 
1 / 12 !
.50 your math sucks.
seriously.
i bet you also think the bills are 20....
:P
It's 6:40 and were on out third bottle of American Honey.
Hope everyone enjoy's super bowl sunday.
Considering my eagles are at home I'm hoping for a very close entertaining game.
jammin tonight at Adobe Gilas in OH!
Come Hang!!
Sad to hear about Steve Jobs.
Stay Hungry.
Stay Foolish
A lot of hooping and hollering tonight.
It's like an ep of TRL.
I bet he'd start WW3 with Iran if he ever got the chance.
Don't forget kids eat free from 58 PM every Monday at Frankie's!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com and get registered so you can watch all the live games online today for free,you must register to view links!!!
My first event for my nonprofessort is going to be a fashion show
is registration working?
I think should give 's brother her number!!
;
Priceless Yess!
it be Amazing too see him in TD Garden on our side But we need a Center more than anything!
Good morning twitter.
Ate fruit loops and jumped on the trampoline picked berries growing in our back yard I'm a mini farmer lol
Not my Cabbage Corp!
The Spurs cantaffordtolose TonyParker if they wanna win the Finals this year
Jamison has worked with US crews and taking everything to shoot site and also worked with locals who know their story.
Happy Birthday Megan!
Yeah right, this is gonna be an epic fail and we both know it...
It's so dark outside today that I needed to turn on my office lights  haven't done that in the 4 months I've been here!
I can't believe that SOPA might actually go through.
So begins the decline of social media and all other forms of an open internet.
I know!
This rain is good when you can be at home..
Thank you for your support
I got a case if the Mondays....
show me.
Love you more 3
Jenn, Emily  Pat of  stopped in,  not 2 repossess all the great books I've bought from them either!
smoking weed n shit
Listening to The Masters via the bellowed commentary of a bunch of potbellied, Budweiserinjected Republicans.
Oh, golf season.
a pretty bad case of diarrhea, after which your cold will be completely ridden.
Might be worth it.
getting ready to dip so i cn be San Antonio bound for a couple of hours
I'm feeling a little bit better but im staying home again today!!!!
You can show me on Friday :
Cool I'll Send Some A Lil Later This Evening, Thankz For The Headz Up!!
Salud!
Im not bias on anybody but If I tend to lean towards certain songs its becuz its ear candy and I cant help it, its all bout music
I know everyone is super busy.
Would any web developers/programmers be interested in donating...
Looking forward to getting and back in the AM.
Knock that rust off fellas.
FRI Dinner Entree Special: Prosciutto Americano Wrapped Veal Tenderloin w/ Wild Mushroom Risotto, Hydoctorponic Watercress, White Truffle Oil
Precelebrating Cinco de Mayo at soccer taco with fiestatime 
Im just gon tuck mine in...
I pray that today is good 
you start as football player.
Levels take you into acting, killing and stealing.
It's a perfect game concept for kinect
But the taxi doctorver tho????
Poor homeless man?
check out exhibits  social media from Picasso Museum Powerhouse Museum Australian Museum
With all the gmos and frankenfood around, why have we not developed a champagne flavored orange?
Save the date: Wed Mar 23 7pm Midtown's Spring Town Hall Mtg at the Associated on Mt Royal at Maryland Ave  hearing for FY2012 budget.
ThinkLikeAMan was so funny was a fool.
Stats professorguy in the back with the attire worth more than my annual salary raise your hand HAHA
Discrimination by airport security?
There's an app to report that  Jackson Clarion Ledger
do u want ur gum the next time we have mister knight or 2morrow?
Fuck.This.Heat.
the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly real ...
are you with still?!
Are you guys doing a video together?!?!
: 3
Need weekend ideas?
There's lots to do at the Museum  as always we're free.
no worries : See you next time I hope!
If anyone was wondering about BeastMode...it just happened.
Just sent a new update for iphone to apple to approve!
Recording lines, editing lines and more!!
I don't ever remember being more excited/nervous on the phone.
RT Hank Aaron,HallofFamer, is on Power Alley right now
its night time for her but And I'm eating breakfast
Hell dude, you've been pretty busy of late taking pictures of Hong Kong Disney trash cans  what not.
::grins::
oh, nothing official.
some apple reps on campus currently giving a workshop on ibooks author.
thinking about possibilities.
RT RT GET TO 100K HE IS SO CLOSE HE PLAYS DUECE IN SHAKE IT UP
i could go for some sushi right now
Thanks for the help!
It was good talking with you.
Keep us in the loop on other stories we should cover.
Man what a game this has become
haha ok so what up?
:P
No not Shane!
Well have to do something useful for a bit.
Sunshine to all
That would be a lot of fun
Anyone ever been to Busch Gardens in VA?...Great amusement park  beer garden is a nice oasis  great spot to take a break
RT : ICANN boils down to a lot of ppl desperate to claim their identity  a lot of people desperate not to have to
Austin: Say Somethin' the way you're working it baby oh oh oh yeah, yeah.
Me: How am I suppose to talk with this 10 footer in my mouth?
agree.
I forgot to vote last night, but this was a shocker!!:/
What The Fuck, Why Wont She Talk To Me!?!?!
I refuse to let yesterday's bad hair day roll into today.
Kid Rock and...
Sheryl Crow?
Whaaa?
its cute
going to have one last italian feast tonight for dinner with
going with cee lo for butterbeer after this, who's in?
You are so sexy to me
I sometimes think I am crazy.I can be feeling fantastic,then some asshole will speak and I go from 0 to 60!
DoesThisMeanI'mBiPolar?
According to our charity partner , there are more than 46 million Americans living with arthritis.
Good Morning to all!
Hope you have a great day whether it's at home or at work..Everyone get your wakenbake on!!
You are soo sweet!
and your twitter picture is darling!
and i hope one day there is world peace we can do it!
I like the names of your priorities as you get toward the end of your list lol
Tonight's work is being accompanied by discovering tunes of local Miami bands.
I want music in my short film, this is the best way to go.
DPLA up and running in April 2013.
From HLS with R.
Darnton.
Looking forward to the photo exhibit Homeless is Not My Name at MIAD 1015.
69pm.
10x10?

just fyi, your facebook ads work.
this program really fascinates me as someone who wants to use tech for social good
So tired I hope this week goes really quick :
Thank you and i made my wish just hoping it comes true!
: 
I was out on Friday shampooing carpets, so I missed the official announcement, but HOORAY!
is coming to !
FTW!
Another rec: Lynn Shelton's upcoming 'My Sister's Sister' is distinct  hilarious  both uplifting  wrenching.
When the disney princess got poisened all I thought was that this bitch is going to get date raped
miranda lambert is right next to lady gaga?
that's kind of awesome.
grammys and geez, glen campbell sounds pretty good.
While your talking behind my back, feel free to bend down, and kiss my ass!
:
I dare someone to look up Camel Spiders.
My buddy got bit by one in Afghanistan.
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic?
Lily Tomli
Reasons why im weird my friends are a couple of freaks
I'm in Santa Barbara
I've noticed that people wanna see you doing good, but not better than them.
don't let him break it mate
Hey, I like your new picture.
what it do pimpin?
you working tonight?
Heading up there later on to get my swol on!
I've been in that boat!
What are your dinner plans?
hahaha.
Von Facebook?
;
He who laughs, lasts.
Mary P.
Poole 
: Back to the lanes tonight twinkletoes roymunson work on that form.
no problem.
Thanks!
8th period off
Walked through the same girl taking pictures of buildings on two different sides of campus tocatchapredator?
you're welcome!
SWAG Spurs Win Another Game!
Spurs sweep Jazz 40!
RT : It's very funny, actually, and vey well acted
Every Apple consumer misses you.
It's the show I NEVER want to end!
Is this feeling normal?
lol
I got to say, Shrewsbury sounds alot like my small town of Lynden Washington Snobby, white, fake christian, pussy gang pot heads
Yeah and I'm not gonna tell her she can't be friends with him cause I'm not like that so I just hold my breath haha And thanks.
i love you forever baby 3
ill hold you to IHT : muahszzzx
I will
Wonder what type of hosting and use?
I usually don't have issues with Verizon, especially where I have 3G.
he said he didn't see my avenue, which is crazy.
I've officially heard and seen it all now from NYC cab doctorvers!
Got a costume?
Don't know where to show it off?
HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!!
October 15th  21 5.
Backbar
Thanks, love!
I hope your finals don't eat you.
hook it up!
I don't even know what it is yet.
But then again, I was 5 years late to the Twitter party.
aaa2010 Hotel in New Orleans was so full they bumped my little room...to a suite.
With a jacuzzi.
Yeeehaww!
Ohh are you training for a marathon or something?
I hurt my knee a while back running so I've been out of commission :
Could this be the year the WIAA doesn't stick Monona Grove in Waunakee's regional?
Only four undefeated conf champs in D2 this year
RT : Walker Wanted to Plant Troublemakers in Protests Crowds.
Like How the Koch Bros.
Planted a Troublemaker as WI Gov.
I'm singing Freak The Freak Out  Haha, i love you 
Has to be one of the most incredible people I have EVER seen.
I will always love him!
good luck 2day!:
ok, I'm getting it then :
Congratulations to Nicole Haggard, who passed her oral exam with distinction!
What rhymes with take you down ?
said make you frown lmao sounds like someones ready to rap
think you're funny!?
tg I'm not the one looking like a mushroom everyday.
all u gotta do is wear a snapback ...nd bitches will fuck u
Watching some amazing old school Seinfeld standup
congrats guys!
I want to get a Nintendo 3DS just so I can play the Adventure Time game.
How was it?
: Libra hates having to wear normal clothes to fit in, like at a business meeting or wedding.
My love and prayers go out to my friends at Bookitinvegas.com and their dear friend joefrazier much love girls xo hug
Here at Bexar county dispatch....lets see what comes my way today
idk im just fucking with you im bored lol
now I am...
But soon enough I'll be out there with you!
:
In CJ's defense, Asik probably looked wide open.
No defender in sight.
But u still back it out and kill clock.
who is king charles/
Yuck!
I'm glad you made it safely.
SOMETHINS GOTTA GIVE NOW CAUSE IM DYING JUST TO MAKE U SEE THAT I NEED U HERE WITH ME NOW CAUSE YOU'VE GOT THAT ONE THING.
Leadbelly riffs on the sweet back motif, seductive, inviting catastrophic potency.
Have you ever been to the big apple!?
Thats what she said
What does everyone think about the new ASU coach they hired?
might have to rock the orange pants again tomoro in honor of first win
Awe well thank you so much!!!
i am actually just writting a new song as we speak haha
It's delightful!
Coffee even doctorps out of its eye.
Can't sleep so may as well hit the gym early and hard!!!
what's up ?

handling PR for Fancy Food Show  email me  I'll give u info on media passes.
I'm attempting to!
It's only one thing i take shit from  thats my Ass, other den dat, dnt test me
totally agree about NE and Miami where would you put Miami?
I would say in the 1015 range
WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE???
great run man!
Enjoyed watching you guys in SLC final and tonight.
Keep it rolling!
Don't feel to good 
The struggles I'm facing, The chances I'm taking Sometimes they knock me down but No I'm not breaking...
Why don't computers have 3G??
David just checked with CCA founder.
Results won't be released until 10am today!
Say my name say my name!
This song has been stuck in my head all day!
Gotta love Destinys Child!
I'm gonna make me some 95s on the German nike Id site.
Get some foreign shit on the tongue.
pause
Basketball after being at a concert till 2am is a bad mixture.
Q: What's the definition of a nerd?A: Someone who has his or her own alto clarinet.
God night bball tourney early in the morning!
God Bless!
I second that suggestion.
Get on it!
I need someone to discuss with.
BestFansInBaseball : There are St.
Louis fans booing Ryan Braun.
Mark McGwire is the Cardinals hitting coach.
tornado alley gets pretty boring in the middle  July to March  around here.
I'd go space junk.
Not as predictable.
Admit it when you were little the scariest words on earth were Im going to tell or Im not your friend anymore
Austin loves YOU 33
Its Me Stephanie Reyes Remember Me.....
Um My Account Is NickBabe4ever
Hitting the Guns today!!
Sweet Treats On The Street today at Ivy Tech Morgan Street!
remember we talked about it before.
Just want to get the full conversion ?
Sucks cropping !
Was attempting to think of something clever, but i've had some holiday wine, and not feeling creative, so: Merry christmas, everyone.
:
Mind over Matter, Money over B, BAMSQUAD Its the movement
shouldve gotten building the perfect beast, but I'm sure u already own that
It's almost 6pm and the sun is still up !
big smiles
I don't know why it surprises me.
All I seem to meet are fakes, flakes, fickle bitches  emotionally damaged mental cases...fml
HEY!
I have a show Monday at the Middle East Corner and you should go to it because it will make Monday cool again.
RT: if a girl has ever hit on u for ur nice legs happened to me  i dont go that way ewwwww
Im leavin in lil while to get my nails,toeseyebrows did gettin hair dun in the morning prom day tomorrow
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God.
Wow these refs do suck haha glad they Spurs aren't playing this game
Who's coming down Altar Bar tomorrow to see and myself rock it with Patron Saint
Hahahaha, WHAT KIND IS IT?;
Hm...
no buses, interstate ramps are closed, and mail may not run.
Yeah, I may not be going to work tomorrow, either.
: God just said: Doors are going to continue to open up for you in the faces of ppl who were hoping doors for you would close.
things like shit, snakes, spiders, guts ugly.
Why?
They all
me and my mom love boyfriend I think my moms gunna buy it in iTunes!
Headed out to dinner with some old friends
Did you know 40 of Americans do not wear sunscreen.
Are they crazy?
Thanks for letting me know!
I need to just not read the news that is posted from US sources.
sweet, thanks for the info..
blessings!
How could I not?
Oh that sexy guy on TT.
lots of inspiration today in uocreativestrat.
need to let the ideas flow
: Who knew Adele's Grammy winning song was about NASCAR?
They set fire to the rain last night.
Daytona500  good one Gerry!
I would say the bitch name but she ain't relevant.
It's the tourney, and we the Cuse.
Every game spooks me.
But the ESPN's were making KState sound like the '83 Heels.
Searched tonightlargactyl, nitsch 6 tage spiel, fsg books, hippo types, stingray, Galactus, how to play harmonica.
Story in there somewhere
What are you, 12?
How do you outgrow shoes?
holy cow!
My bike stolen in NYC in August just found by a cop in VIrginia AND he took the time to call me to let me know!
Sitting in the last car of the train.
MEANING if the train plunges over an unfinished bridge into a valley of undetermined depth...
getting ready for school against my will :P
Finished chapters 2426 of We're Alive while editing 7 documents for publication.
It was a zombie/infosec mashup kind of day.
that would have been really awesome to attend.
Sad it was two days ago.
Hey Austin, thanks for the follow.
I'm looking forward to connecting.
Off for 3 days!
Future Duke Football Camp  York NewsTimes
Moments when everything aggravates the hell outta YOU!
Watching Victorious!
how's sxswi going for you so far?
Straight up..there was a search party organized and sent out here due to Bigfoot sightings!!
Things worth eating: Parlick Fell Sheep's Milk Cheese, 9.99/lb at Trader Joe's and oh so delicious.
Google him and check the website.
But I think you need to be in WI for it to count.
Politics is inherently social.
hi ralf :
The Road To Cup  sponsored by Right Toyota, Right Honda and Bud Light live from LA ThurSun.
JET 708636CK DC1100CK Dust Collector with Micron Canister On ...
you should just completely stop
Eggs are in the fridge, butter is getting hard.
A la Chick Hearn RT : Three great days of practice.
The hay is in the barn!

see THE AVENGERS.
The article isn't too spoilery, but you'll thank me later if you see AVENGERS first.
certain people are coming to Cleveland :
Jazz Trax festival happening on Catalina Island!
At treasure island to see my boy deadmau5 play!
Turkey Trotting in Texas with an awesome crew
MT : Did you know that has EVERY chapters composite up on their wall?
I loved seeing ALL my collegiate sisters!
lets go
Then we have to win the game tonite!
RT I hv a good feeling..
Tonight is gonna be a good good night!!
eEyeThinApp Is the scanner delivered as software or an appliance?
hhahahahh there no way im getting out of here lets go east high school!
loved your freestyle it was AMAZING cant wait for
4.0.4 is now available for download.
Minor cosmetic bug fixes.
Thanks to Tushar for the fixes!
i am such a huge fan!
you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol33333333 i hope you see this, i love you3444
Our Lord revealed 2 St.
Gertrude,that He records w/ letters of gold in the book of life all those actions which r done purely 4 the luvofGod
check out Allegro's new look www.allegrodancecompany.net
How are you feeling ?
come back soon your fans miss you
So Cawa, wanna be my valentine?
I think you're pretty swell.
Love, Jalena
: What are ethics?
Talkin through it all with 
Lol wish u never fell in love with me....
Fall outta love then lil nigga
I am...yep, you left out craftbeer though...
I hate having the complete opposite schedule as you 
I agree!!!
Maybe now it's done the right way.
I don't have appendicitus yay!
what is this pain then?
tough to look at but thanks for posting
every day
the masters of convention count on you to never change but the law of reinvention knows nothing stays the same
couldnt agree more....pussy
When yesterday was a disappointment n today isnt better, rmmbr theres always a tomorrow, so make it something to look forward to n smile :
Its my money an I need it now
Maybe I should just make a fake twitter.
Until we focus on prevention, we r still accepting that the sexual abuse of childoctorn is inevitable.
It is NOT.
a strong doctornk
it was a great editorial!
It's what i often tell parents myself.
No more excuses!
hope to see you back in green bay bro
Check you out.
Making such a big difference like always.
Come PARTEE with me and FunksPunks benefitting the JT Townsend Foundation!!
ThingsThatMakeMeLOL Old people dancing
The art of facialsculpting without surgery.
Natural results you can believe in!
Skintastic.com a leader in the refreshed look 9726203223
'Failure is the path of least persistence.
Author unknown.
J Cole always says the realest shit
On my way to No Shame!
Taking Twitter mobile to the show in Indianapolis.
See you there!
oh gee whiz, so am I
9/11 Let us remember all those who lost their lives and be with their families on this tragic day.
The deflated market put a lot of people upside down on their mortgages.
Equity disappeared overnight.
How come my just 1 always turns into 13?
Had outpatient surgery yesterday morning, used The Giganto80s Playlist on Spotify to get through recovery.
Thanks man!
ik he probally reported or blocked that little bitch that started that
I kinda like it ;
Perhaps you are not a weird color and we could shoot you Oscar  Bacon.
We will cut you a FAMILY deal.
Apparently May is National Masturbation Month.....They should come to my house some time and witness the other eleven.
1,000 years from now anthropologists will be trying to decipher the strange practice of youth standing in bathroom mirrors making duck faces
That is so cool!
Great photo!
Did Patrick run too?
Heeeeyyyyyyy Everybody!!!!
How are ya?
:
i loved new video of Shania Twain,welcome back dear!
Proud to have a president that stands up for what he believes in!
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.
POTUS
I've never seen so much love for the Flyers on my timeline.
yup no problem!
RT : Networking tool kit item 4: A great attitude.
Be positive and willing to help others, and we'l help you back!
COMING IN JULY: Smile, Hon, You're in Baltimore!
No.
14...
you are so hilarious B.
Ohh do u think I'm sexier than Ur gay bf
What can the Dems hope to gain in a regressive state like North Carolina?
Southerners still REFUSE to see the light!
Yeah sure:
ToWongFoo,Thanks4Everything The perfect lazy Saturday afternoon movie!!!
Watching Modern Marvels on the History Channel.
It's all about Disney!
thank you
looks like a perfect circle cut into your skin lol how did that happen?
HAPPYY BIRTHDAY!!
LIKE HAPPY SWEET 16...wait is that onlu for girls ?
lol well HAVE AN AMAZING DAY with love Alyssa
Vanilla Coke is
I'm not a Gaga fan, but I can compromise!
MJ  Gaga is a crazy mix!
I don't care if that boy could lay golden eggs, no one owed him a ball.
It's primetime because it's on ESPN and it's genius.
You're smarter than that, c'mon Suckow.
how hot?!
Happy Easter put a cigar in your basket!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
RT so rad to run in to you!
bestwest :chillin at HuskyFest.
killed it!!
Ready to see and !!
Thank you for doing business with us!
call me sometime !
You never pick up..
So I can't make it to MCC and you send someone to take out ?
Is this a threat to me?
Every time is rains i always sing Umbrella 33
We do too.
It's been a long summer...
RememberWhen and I played that terrible april fools joke last year that we broke up and everyone was so upset?
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up.
Happy Mother's Day Bella's!!
You are wonderful Rob...thanks for caring!
People now a days stealing my phone.
So childish.
My dad is walking around making motor boat/farting noises with his mouth.
I really need an escape..
Where do you find this stuff mike lol
Metro tonight with my baby 3 3
talk to us.
ask us questions.
i swear we are not complete jerks.
so now do you believe Texans are 1 in the afc when a rookie QB beats a very good Falcons Team Texans final record will be 133
Its insane how gross and unhealthy fast food is.
RT We must treat school reform as we would want it treated with our own childoctorn
Its crazy cause selling your brand into big box or dope booteq...who makes money in this biz, some people do phat...Have to get the outline
Watching Bad Boys
ur up?
Great!!!
Love the meaning...
Sorta doctornk on Castro but you know lol
when are you coming to floriday???
Peace, love, vanity 3
Bobby the Brainiac Heenan
What's with the unfollow?
Ugh, I hate it!
I miss the days when you could accuse someone of being a witch to seize their property.
When something bad happens you have 3 choices: you can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
Join us 2Nite for the Hottest Wed in Chicago.
Tropical Wed at Lalo's UIC.
No Cover Free Parking Free Dance Lessons.
que rico!
oh okie : bising busy ah?
:D
We wish we had that problem!
Our life needs more Tracy Jordan.
: wanna get weird again tonight guys?
you dot have to ask me twice...
Make it happen
Anybody tryna see Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance tonight?
thx for coming out!
:
That's what I thought!!!!!!
I started cracking up!
Wait, did EZKool just tweet that Dick Cheney thinks that Flipper will do ALMOST as good a job as Bush did?
Now that's priceless.
:
Thursday Night Thrive  Main St.
Church!
Come join us this week for a light meal at 5PM and a discussion of proposed future worship options!
is a slackjawed junkie.
Austin visit Florida
Free Latte and Mocha Samples
Noah!!!
You are my fave, but you need to rest the ankle.
When you are going to write codes for programs, the first thing to be mind is thinking as a normal user.
my step sis is so annoying!!!:/
my jeans still fit this morning, so I survived.
But I have another dinner tonight, so we'll see about tomorrow :
Older tourists, I should clarify.
I guess I've been counted out, seeing as the bitch don't want me around...
Super sad!
Goin to San Anto!
I'm here in catarina!
Last final done, next stop
How fun!
My brother is listening to it right now.haha never thought it would happen
Hope is threatening to fade a little...sure could use a job opportunity in Toronto's heritage field!!
I want a sweeter life.
Paging :
they did turn off the side cameras.
I was tired as hell so I laid in the grass then went to camp early.
meh, at least I saw them.
never seen powder?!
We are!
RT Killer nap!
Now I'm revamped and ready for tonight's BroadwayBares !
Who's comin??
Truth.
RT : hey babe, I really like those high waisted pants you've been wearing lately  no guy
that would've been a sight to see!!
This is why the playoffs are great.
Orlando looked completely dead.
Now on a 100 run
Let's applaud and other meteorologists for that Mother's Day forecast!
And the splendor continues today!
Here, here!
Who's cheering on their alma mater in the NCAA March Madness tournament today?
Maury: You are not the father Black Guy: Starts to Dougie
On my way to a gay bollywood disco to watch my female roomy change a lightbulb!
lulz RT NO SORRY, SANTORUM, YOU MUST CARRY YOUR DEAD PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN TO FULL TERM.
even though you fake.
Smh
and sorry for butting in your conversation i will leave twitter if you want :D
Wow, the breakfast sandwiches have been a hit!
So proud of our breakfast cook, Alyssa Morgan for making them amazingly delicious!!
MT : I was added to a Twitter list called Gringos.
Guess I can't argue w.that // HA!
Eric, you just went up a notch in my book.
Thanks to everyone for your love and support!!!!!!
Great opportunities ahead so keep us lifted!!!!
To God we thank you!!!!
Must be an accident: FSWEST giving fans replay of Bynum's lethargic game.
Even Kobe's 4th Qtr brilliance didn't bail them out.
Im really cravin some beer and a jimmy johns sub.
nice icon
follow back?::
Rangers Baby
Today is the day!
:D
great question: contact info, about, programs offered...
Label in Austin wants to sign me!
WHAT WHAT!!!
We shall see...
We'll be back in the studio for more guitar tracking tomorrow!
We'll keep you posted with some photo/video shortly.
Spend a little more time trying to make something of yourself, and a little less time trying to impress people.
busy, exciting, amazing...need I say more is gonna be a lot of fun
Queen City Grill Happy hour doctornk specials extended latenight from 10pm2am.
Want some Mp3s Frank Tony Type music Message me you email addoctorss Love to sing to you.
Enjoy!
Lights, Camera, Action!!!
Fashion Week New Orleans has finally started.
im reporting Live Backstage
Alright, 24hour news cycle: you win.
I have officially stopped caring about the 2012 Republican primary.
Thanks.
Niggas priorities is all fucked up....
Only just now discovering reaper.
Perclip fx?
Sound designer's heaven.
Good morning twitter :
Really wish I went to school for Astrophysics...
Text neesa to 3475354110 to be the first to know of our parties, events and VIP access
I stood for a total of 16 hours today.
text me
here haven't talked to my Poohbear all day, wonderin wat she doin..
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder doctorg.
IMissYouWhen I'm not with you,
if I can't get a hundoctord followers by graduation none of this would have been worth it
August 29, 8pm howard johnson 7707nw103st breaking barriers.
Tha biggest christian party in miami help us change our world rett ...
Ford Le Mans GT Raglan Shirt  Classic Race Car White/Red TShirt
thank you!!
You to!!
you should see me today!
Yuck!
You're always gorgeous!
Love your program.
I owe you a SDBW Heavy Petti Double IPA and a highfive when you're in town for
really?
that's real cool I would love to do something on the music end asap :
Those of you that have traveled Route 66...What would you say the perfect amount of time would be to travel The Mother Road from end to end?
When was the last time you did some research?
I like this song i cant remember the name though
You could try searching for writing and memory in JSTOR  that's how I would have done my research.
love it!!
What is that?
Seeing many kids fraying at edges.
HS tchrs at end of sem remember: the quality of mercy is not strained.
Up  out...
Things to do.
My neighbor is walking around outside looking for his netflix
Awesome to hear!
:
Months.
.MAY..MOVE ..MORE ..MONEY ..MOST MONEY.....MAKE ..MORE ...MozZy wiT.
The M's
i hit my following limit
long ways to go but getting swept could have been killer.
They play 3 at STL next week.
Chapman needs to be in the rotation!
IF U ROLLIN AIR DEN U AINT NO BRUH OF MINE doctorps mic
my step sis got in trouble today!!O
Server monkeys, they can't be cable monkeys because that is for laying wires.
amen my sista.
Its a lot easier to love honey than vinegar!
whoops :.
T'was a good brunch nonetheless.
I'm running a little low on sleep...
/cc
I'm finna kill him
Don't people realize how loud they are talking on the phone in the quiet airport?!?!
Okay, now where's Carlos??
Broken but beautiful  like this we love, like the world you loved.
::luke brindley::keep me in your heart::
Recording with so far so good
The googlemusic free streaming song selection is A and UI is fab.
I just expected less doctor from the 'not evil' ones.
Who are you?
Apple?
If we can't decipher student writing, should we grade assuming coherent thought behind incoherent writing?
Or grade what's there?
I've never seen 2 dozen donuts disappear so fast.Only in a newsroom.
fasterthan?
Was On The Phone With For An Hour .
Now Time To Sleep!
Night Twitter!
3 :
Not sure why exactly but this is the 2nd Saturday in a row I am willingly up at 5 in the morning for no apparent reason.
This spring weather is making us doctoram of Maine summers!
Pick up a lobster roll at and earn LocalBonus points!...
URBAN GRIND.
ROCKED.
Check.
ONWARD TO RED LIGHT NEXT WEEK!!!
My dad does not have any food etiquette whatsoever
: Guatemala?
WI Dells?
When did you turn into the world traveler?!?!?
trying to enjoy before we have kids lol
Is everyone going through a simultaneous attack of life doctorma these days?
so it sounds like you and me will be roommates in chicago!!!
Sorry about all the random posts.
I'm still trying to figure it out.
Just don't click on any of the links.
Thanks.
did u get hallo app for ur phone yet??
if so could u follow me on there and here too??
PWEASE???
Up and at 'em America!
Busy day ahead helping the President list North Carolina on Craig's List...is 2 too high of an asking price?
Its koo..ikno where ima be at...ikno it ain't a mf like me we had.a plan n we most def gon finish it
You need to start bestowing the wisdom of Jack Burton from Big Trouble in Little China.
Call the bus the Pork Chop Express.
Where is Leeds?
You could always just go to Seattle.
: RT : Dear Snowpocalypse, Will you be here soon?
Do it already.
Love, me
At the crime scene LOL
Picture that!
: Cigarettes are a lot like turtles.
Perfectly harmless, until you put one in your mouth and light it on fire.
so bored
you'd have to transfer over your membership to our gym or we have day passes for 10!
Haikeet 5: does that bird mean me?
/ pointy qwah qwah ping my ear / stop gaping and write!
Maximize professorle on so right people can find you.
Utilize SEO for yourself and treat your professorle like a website.
Can't wait for the hungergames movie!
Reading the second book now...
Addicting but its a little risqu for a young adult book...
Favorite inventions: sponge hair rollers, velcro, dawn dish washing liquid, ultra suede.
Wow, I'm easily impressed.
CAN I BE YOUR TWITTER BEST FRIEND?
:D
and yet these very same unis find plenty of ways to embrace business principles.
I think it is just cheaper, and short sighted
laying down not sleepy I need to be alseep I have to open....
What are you up to?
W/in your property line?
Or on public space?
DDOT owns/claims a strip around every res block: 28' in from curb is typical.
The landscape of Indianas schools is now one that embraces freedom, competition and accountability.
send me the picture c:
I'VE HAD THEM ALL DAY AND I CANT SLEEP WITH THEM.
I'm serious
I totally forgot Franzen's FARTHER AWAY: Essays is out today.
I'm no.
48 in line from
Today in 1998, Yad Vashem recognized Alfred Holschke and his 2 childoctorn as Righteous for rescuing 6 Jewish girls from a death march
He's the one in the Trojan Horse, makin' out like he's Santa Claus, oh lord, the man's a fraud he's a flim flam mangreat Laura Nyro tune
this isn't Bynums fault either.
No one including Kobe, is stepping up
Waking up at 400am, for absolutely no reason at all...Not Cool!
come on over bro, got plenty of cold ones!
In baltimore for the U2 concert
Awesome!
Hope both are fun pieces to work on :
My 40th tweet is pointless.
HarryPotterWeekend wait, that sums it up!
I think it's gonna happen tomorrow3
omg cool.
Am I invited?
let's say 10:00 Rocks
hells yea.
Let me know if you still need a place to put your kit, the studio has a nice little spot for it :P
And it is excellent, !
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x14
Whoa.
A cultural history of basements would be an interesting read.
Wonder if there's lit on 'rec rooms' and 'mancaves'.
doctorke will never make a better song than Fear
Chocolate chip pancakes?
Don't mind if I do!
Rosenstiel: Journalists are like emergency room doctors who treat the bad guy first.
Credibility takes precedence.
it's always that kind of party
Did you know that Jackie Robinson first black player elected to Baseball Hall of Fame, in 1962?
I can't sleep!
Carnival ball is tonight!!!
Pretty excited about that.
That's the figures I would love to see.
I admit I am totally working without tools.
Maybe soon the price would be much lower ;
My revenge for Mondays?
Start weekends on Thursdays...
:
Damn the man.
Save the empire.
This is why I feel used.
is it working for you now?
I'm joining!
job searching...
got court today ugh...
Text marketing doesn't lie!
On 2 The Next Round!!!
some island and what is wh ?
If you judge people you may have no time to love them.
MotherTeresa
i'm not on the right page
Man..if yall dont pull walsh no kickin butt out!
Ima need him to do better!
hanging out with my favorite cousin Sean
Yeah me too.
With the way he is hitting I'm sure we will see him!
When you give up on someone, its not because you dont care anymore.
Its because you realize they dont.
He couldn't remember Shannyn's name but he could quote Check the chip.
Thanks for that.
Orchestra Time :D!
I think The Daily Show's Jessica Williams wants to be my second plural wife.
crap.
I screwed up my community reference.
I dock myself 400 nerd points.
Barring any more technical difficulties, the new single Over My Head should make it's debut this Thursday!
it's raining, it's pouring...
my kitten is purring...
:P
RT: It's Yours.
I guess technically it is more like 18 years, but only passed parasite phrase of pregnancy, not parasite phrase of motherhood :
sweet!!
might be interested as well.
you better get an A for whatever it is.
It's dean brand
oh she's coo'
He committed suicide.
I think by gunshot wound.
I stuck it in a doctorwer, figuring they'd call if it was important.
What the hell was I supposed to do?
Calipari UK offer could reach 6 million a year.
Since when did Collaboration functionality stop working in the My Maps tool?
I agree.
I've been doing it more often this year, and I feel it's creating more of a community and helping me grow as a tchr
I literally sat outside for like ten mins and I have shorts tanlines ..
My Legs tan so quick
Northbound 275 Closed at Lois because of man hanging from Interstate sign.
tell dem niggaz to book me den ill be there
Love when Lebron is attacking.
he only wants to go to that school cause of the girls there idk why i hang out with him to be honest
Getting my thick on lol spin instructor hilarious
Dnt cross me
Theres a dif btwn not being the time 2 share something  lying.
U want to present the best version of u not a false version.
I'm from Cincinnati.
Why?
Welcome to twitter!
:
I love
We had an epic rehearsal tonight and the Nats and Caps both won!
A pretty awesome night in DC.
yes!!
Why are you ask me?
I want apple juice...
Gingras: Content economy is less about demographics and more about context and relevance.
Maybe portals don't work now.
www.blockstarsonline.com come thru and check us!
Hey goodmorning to all and to all a great day.
:
U of M Police warning students about a series of robberies including one on Christmas Day.
Hugo , strange that u ask for HumanRights Commission, when u take away rights of Venezuelans every day!
asdfgjkl I hate life
Just got permission to doctorss down Friday and Monday.
This NATO bullshit is going to suck.
thanks Cooler The rest of the season is going in the toilet.
Ladies and gentlemen, you just witnessed the debut of on !
You can add us as a contributor to one of the busiest doctornking days of the year.
We will be playing CLUB MOSCOW in Hollywood on Nov 23rd :
Newsflash:Hubby  I r so excited our teen son has agreed to eat out with us in public.
We're worried about what to wear putting on cologne!
Samantha Stanford Jessica Carey i miss yall
ESPN is doing gameday from UT..wonder if that has anything to do with the fact they just put 300M into longhorn network
Blake insists that the bathroom scale shows he is taller than 3 years old!
lol jb knows bout the prank
the mass spectrometer, or even the radio carbon dating that can show up to at least 80,000 years
who decided that MCC has bought into the Kony2012 thing?
Did MCC consider some of the additional info out there?
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul
Cuz Im working again...
Also helping out at the swapmeet, busy at church and busy preparing for the baby and being a wife :
Have you tried Pho Dan on Braker and Lamar?
uh durrrr!
I totally will :
ok good, just making sure.
Carry on with your awesomeness!
I feel calm now that is paying attention to me.
That is all.
Oxy Mo: Life Insurance
no and I don't think that's for me.
Not enough sports and environmental prospects
I laugh every time I do a load of my daughter's laundoctor and the lint trap is all pink
So cool, I was selected to attend the special preshow with The Killers on Friday at the Beacham!
This is going to be an epic weekend!
Got some worldwide gigs available for catering company with great pay and great promotion and marketing opportunity's...contact me
Join our team today by registering for our upcoming fall events!
TNT GoTeam!
Oh, yay!
When are you going?
If I'm dying....
Like half to death I still will be watching on park trww on the edge if my bed like always 143
female infertility treatment
Vote for me !!!!
Your girl MarquisaDeshawn
I wish I went to a private school so I didn't have to think about what I wore everyday
Do you have any additional details on Join Us vs Apply Now?
Where did the data come from?
Thanks in advance!
is doing a RT.
spree
better start crying because I watched it c:
Kinda blown right now
Had no idea Pinterest that easy!
Pinit widget is so nice.
I had to tear myself away to move on to next challenge
i agree
OMG Chill Bruhh
Just saw mi4 is TomCruise the Tebow of Scientology?
Discuss
Superman ain't saving shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick
The Wallander series is the inspiration for our trip to Sweden next year along with all the other Scandinavian authors we read
Fresh peach has arrived!
Come get a waffle cone while it lasts!
I like the shirt he is wearing in the video.
It says slightly stoopid and there's weed plants and a guy smoking.
Nice jobs nuggets!
I love editing, finding the write words and phrasing, tweaking the plot line, strengthening the characters, making it real.
Looking forward to Monday morning  Twins Home Opener, including / preparty at Huberts, 7am.
See you there !
Congratulations to our friends Lyle, Tiffany and Anmmar for making it into the finals!
Can't wait!
See you then
emma stone, i don't like the blodclot spewing from your neck.
i love youu!
good luck out there
Just learned that I passed my real estate sales agent exam for the State of California.
bout to get my lashes done.
: then interview.
then work
I love you and your birthday.
I also love our mutual love for gingers.
Oh, and your beard is good.
Hello!
To our weekly NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!
Ah...
that's me exhaling.
I am taking a much needed breather at home in LA.
What a huge success today!
Thank you for watching doctor Walinski on SD living this morning and for taking the time to call in.
agreed.
I was off yesterday and slept throughout the whole day
One man's trash is this man's vintage treasure  City Weekly
thanks for the recommendation, I will go there next time I'm in town.
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow That I'm A Great doctornking Buddy : /
We probably have to sign up for slsa12 soon, eh?
RT The horrible moment when you sit down  your thighs get 58457982 bigger.
Being green is a disease I'm not tryin to catch.The side effects are being broke,lyin on ur dick,no swag,and hating,
thanks buddy!!
I love Michelle Branch too.
All tables are booked.
Open seating at the bars.
5 cover after 5pm.
Beautiful and true!
RT If u want to be of greatest value to others, see them as u know they want to be...: RT
Thanks to the new people that liked our Facebook page!
Keep on listening, it gets better.
Closing requires homework so we are crazy well prepared.
Leave nothing to chance, rehearse, it will transfer confidence to your client.
An ambulance just sped past me, sirens blaring, and then honked shave and a haircut.
floor?!
Pffft yall can have my bed, I'll grab the futon.
WTF is GorillaMunch?
Not sure I or Jane Goodall approve of this cereal.
Wait.
It's organic?
Carry on.
Good network name  Moble HotSpot Villains Only 
The Microsoft Office 2007 dictionary doesn't seem to contain the word hijinks.
How can that be, for such a colorful and useful word?
Just saw a fed ex guy in the loop with an armed guard as an escort.
Can we say NATO panic mode yet???
Back from the UK, brought winter with me.
Sorry, Brooklyn.
Lol, have fun tonight!
No :/ It's my camera!
sillymacs RT It's been bugging me for a while, are you a lefty?
In your videos it lo...
Thanks so much : you'll love it we swear.
Great day!
Gave my marketing presentation, and great night at PH :
i am a person of experience, i share my expereinces and inspire others to do better and give them direction in life quote by
Women are like iPhones.
You have to touch them all over before they respond.
Men are like Blackberries.
Rub one ball  everything moves.
Check out Tyler Ward on youtube !!!
Prettysure I was in twitter jail today lol :/
whats good with you fam that nigga Bacon SmallTown said wats up  congrats on the signing with grand hustle
i know, what are the odds?
oh that's one girl, and you saw I didn't even try!
RT well it's your lucky day cause my hands and every other part of my body is free to help with that massage
: welcome babe
3 u are too!
xxoo RT : you ARE Amazing !!
Bitches love war heroes that save counties
Your account is sending out sp updates.
Changing your password should take care of it.
Your bringing sexy back ; 
did you really say something?
Like fore real?
you did too!
But obtuse you now.
Ps lets lay out soon and get our tan on!
Confirmed: Madsen is charging for autographs  photos AND it's cashonly.
Good luck with that.
Enjoyed meeting everyone at the mixer today!
If we don't have your email addoctorss, please DM us!
Also, we'd love to hear your feedback.
you're a mess.
Have you heard of the cameras?
Very cool technology.
Thanks for the info Ankit.
Now I really want one!
awwh.
That's not cool at all.
I miss you're beautiful face babygirl!3
1 doctorft Beers for our Twitter Friends today after 4pm.
First 50 people through the door after 4pm get a 1 doctorft beer.
Mention twitter
It's NOT too early to start planning your Valentine's Day!!!
Check this out: Share the LOVE at Keystone Bar and Grill in Covington.
Tuesd..
Just turned up www.corvetteevents.com
Thanks for the RT.
RWA or ALA in Anaheim?
Or are they both there?
I was thinking about ALA but not sure now.
Loving the new apartment.
I think you are the most sweetest guy evr :
Happy Valentines day everyone .....Date night in Indidna BUY A HOT doctorSS GURLIES lol C u 2 Night
Time for an alcoholic Beverage ..
That I DESERVE!!
No inspiration to get up......
yes you will have an amazing time in all of those places.
They are all beautiful.
is not your average aunties chutney.
I mean, look at Flower or half of the more successful indie titles.
You can get pretty out there.
gift cards make the perfect holiday gift!
Buy 300 worth and receive a 50 bonus card, or buy 500 and get a 100 bonus card!
Mavs go back to the Finals b4 LA u would shoot yourself.
yall need to do something abt the front office plus Kobe wont
i wanna go shopping!!
:
Maybe it's for the best you're not listening...
my brain is not working properly right now.........
We also have some guest stars Skyping in.
It's going to be a good day :
Glad you could make it to the session, Jason.
Forgive me if I don't laugh.
It's a rather critical situation.
I think I finally have the upper hand on my horribly intimidating Milton chapter.
Ok i got 2 more Hustles to make money
Every time you talk, I love everything you say.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Booker T.
Washington
To avoid going broke quickly, don't go to vegas every single time you have extra cash in your pocket.
did BillClinton walk by you twice?
I'm the designated doctorver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me
hotels should consider installing whiteboards in the guest rooms.
would make biz travelers like me quite happy
Wtf Los Angeles ...
Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you
Ever been stood up by a pancake?
I think the term sideloaded is too techy for enduser help content.
What's your vote?
A Skylit doctorve tonight, OushaFest 2012 tomorrow, Gorilla Music Showcase Saturday, and Ice Nine Kills on Monday.
SO STOKED.
The Bachelorette premiere is a huge letdown after the HIMYM finale.
Did you say your name was Ramblin Rose?
Ramble on baby, settle down easy
Smoothie anyone?15 of Proceeds  tropical smoothie in CH today from 38 supports relay 4 life.
I'm enjoying a health nut.
Who has two thumbs and is stuck in MDC till 10PM?
This Guy!!!!
So sweet!
Ok Hunn.
I need the date when your Dad is going to brinq yall down here..
I cnt wait to see yall :
Check out the Adaptive Use Musical Instruments Project!
via
happy wed :
loex2012 classroom collaboration presentation between librarian and faculty member for a research paper sounds like embedded librarianship
I love nutter butters ..
A lot .
They taste AMAZING
hey,can u follow
Pizoology has a lunch special?
Tell me more  we're a stone's throw away.
Thank you!
Thanks for help with promo  lending us RT : Congrats on success of SLS12!
Thank you for following
Jack says he wasn't in scoring position, it doesn't count.
I want to retweet your taco bell, but I can't.
I don't get y anyone would go to prom after they graduated

how I feel right now listening to sing
line it all up and ask yourself what can I prove with this?
Send me an outline, if you want
not really twerk face !
have u been txxn my homie jeff ?
Can't wait to see Death of a Salesman tonight with aka Bang Bang
Looks like im goin to Texas for spring break!: gonnabuymesomecowgirlboots3
nope I didnt
Good morning tweetharts.
Time to get up and ready!
RevlonWalk at the Los Angeles coliseum!
If I said this wasn't true, I'd definitely be lying.
Absolutely beautiful were the comments amongst the audience at the close of the show.
Couple of hours left to vote in Wisconsin.
You don't need your ID, and you can still register to vote.
I Voted sticker included.
:
yeah milkshake either way, as long as there is an audition involved.
Brewers could use a Utility infielder....
September 28, 1951  Allie Reynolds throws his second nohitter of the season.
Just finished setting up for SOHO with Anyone gonna be there tomorrow?
I heart
I doubt Mitt Romney ...
since he's getting his own planet when he dies.//trying to exempt planets from estate tax.
had fun judging the Mocktail contest.
Totally impressed by the work the groups put into their entries.
hey ryan:
It's pretty awesome.
There's one for later tonight, too.
it was very brief  let's connect soon.
Thanks, I appreciate it man.
RT : SPJ Nat'l will present new Black Hole Award for antiopen govt offenders.
Want to nominate an agency or pol?
Contact us....
i wanna hear you rap n sing :
I think I'm gonna write a song.
:
I'm calling u around 10 pm xo
That's great.
My whole entire tree is filled with Packer ornaments!
Aaaannnd the party got rated.
I am the same exact height and weight as him too.
So weird!
Well,  , see u!
I'm going bk to work on my 11 yr old's author pkt.
:
Only if I can slap every directioner that hates on MB, you font know how happy I would be 
we love !
i graduated from There!!
Charlie Sheen in talks with a new show called Two and A Half Women starring Charlie's women  ex's lmao Sheenius Pure SHEENIUS
After two, Hutchinson leads 4 Red Wing by a score of 42.
thankyou jordan for making me happy :
RT I need a google wave invite like I need another hole in my head.
But I still really WANT one.
:
Those who can't write novels write childoctorn's books.
Free candy in Jacqui Chew's session!!!
Birthday brunch was delish!
Thanks for the RT !
Ratha havva hot head den sum cold feet
FF For all of Houston's theatrical needs /houstontheatres
OTRC I love Jeandujardin!
He is the most handsome man to hit Hollywood since Clark Gable
Hardcore diggin the 2012 lineup.
may be the best Valentines day gift ever
yankee food
good : boring with school.
Yours?
Russel Westbrook looked like he was about to go golfing...
Maybe if they weren't suckling at the liberal boob all the time they wouldn't need saving!
Food for thought!
:
Lafayette tune into 93.7 at 6pm tonight.
We'll be on their local spotlight segment!
mine is umbrella
not to beer  get a goods night rest!
;
GM just walked in on  I getting in a lunchtime yoga session in Kat's office.
Oops.
Upside: GREAT convo for
My first born turns 12 today, thank you god for such an amazing gift.
Happy Bday Baby, Daddy is so proud of u!!
message me your number I'll txt you cause me and Taylor want you and you to find a friend to go
I HAVE NO WORDS.
Yah think that you all That??
Please check yourself nobody's perfect!!
I know you and You know me never have betrayed YOU!!
Nuns on Water Street.
STOP RAINING
The beauty of this year?
Tiger is a favorite after winning just one major after his slump.
Tiger is so cool, you guys.
Puzzling over how to set rules for 18 year old who is bored by college.
Once you've been involved in my life, you leave a fingerprint.
And sorry, sweetheart, but these fingerprints don't erase.
I have so much compassion for them!
They depend on us to look out 4 them.
I admire those who act on their behalf.
I'm sure we do!
Wish I could get a tweet back...
21
Correction, wikipedia: 'Smith stated in his autobiographythat the gesture was not a black power salute,buta human rights salute.'
That was fun.Weighed in at 107,got 2 eat more.Pool was fair,lots of chlorine.Eyes might fall out but I will have a firm ass lol.SHOPPING NOW
unless someone demands a free abortion right?
I'll do it during chinese.....
sure : how do i enter?
Better than last yesterday!
Least I now know my FAMILY is all safe and MOST friends are accounted for
You already know!!..
Its
This is too funny!!!
Keep'm coming haha

whereas certain activities may appear to be random, they may be fundamentally systematic in nature.
most laker haters are just bulls fans...
Look at it this way at least we have another chance while the bull will be watching us
will notice you one day, even if it's not today!
I promise!
Childoctorn begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them
you can be young haymitch
get the purple ice cream :D
pls RT A 15 yo girl w/terminal cancer made a bucket list.
One wish: To trend on Twitter.
Give a RT
Some of these logos may be new to you, others youll know well!
But just how versed are you in the art of uncovering hidden messages/images?
You spell it totally worng idiot muahahahahahhaa, and im a cute kitten, so you stfu.
Thanks.
I deleted the original tweet and resent with a space so it wouldn't actually link.
;
With Houston's loss, the Suns officially control their own destiny.
Win out and they are a playoff team.
following me back fam.
may the fourth be with you!
omg i pay a woman!
Keep Turner and Vucivic and get rid of everyone else
Pedinotti's units operate on multiple levels of scale with equal share of reality at each level
thanks Maya !:

actually it's the Miami marlins in marlins park JustSayin
I hate seeing you in the hallways i swear.
Why do i always have to make awkward eye contact with you.
unfortunately not  work made it difficult to get there for the tickets tonight, and the low bottle allocations don't help.
You?
Dont call my phone just to hear yourself argue with me or start up an argument 
Monday nite the kitchen faucet sent a belt high sprinkler str8 out when I lifted the handle.
It crossed my mind not to tell my beloved.
:
You know what I'm doing?
I am thinking how stupid it is that I am usning Twitter...I can't fXXXing belive this SHXT is popular..
thanks, Jason!
Been here two years and love it.
It's a quote?
It was a VERY nice day, thanks!
yes!
I just finished a little bit agojust caramelizing to have on hand...just finished a grilled cheese w/ em...YUM
I'm wide awake though, did yall stay after the credits.?
Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
thx for the retweet and support!
S/O
First of all, it was only Game 1.
The lost Game 1 against Philly too.
Not worried...yet.
Every little thing's gonna be alright...;

ugh really?
She sounds like a cheaper version of Keha.You couldn't give this song to me.
is no musician.
Yep..Spring Break is definitely over.
Feel like I am halfway through my day and it's only 8:30...
I wish people would notice me when i notice them
BLOWN OFF is up next!
Turn your radios on NOW!
:
Lead by 12, win by 2.
Returning to last week's theme of GermanJewish scientists for a few tweets...
Ron, what are you doing!?
Follow me ?
Newt Gingrich's concession speech is going to last three days.
Nothing tastes as good as fit feels.
Nothing!
Show Saturday salt the wound release show come hang out
I lovee youu too , im gladd to help with anythinqq you know i will always be here for youu 3
Let's get fucked up and die
np wake up by suicide silence3
So then take more pitchers in the first, spend more in Latin America and prioritize ceiling in trades over the years.
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately
Every time I see SUSPIRIA, it kind of feels like the first time
What's your FAVORITE FOOD TO EAT OUT?
Leave your comment on our radio station's facebook page!
www.facebook.com/v100fm
pick a day you can hangout and we can go to the mall or something lmao
Margaritas and Mexican with celebration dinner
Surprised my Twitter's not full of Heat tweets.
Re: Alabama Shakes.
The show I saw last week was expertlycrafted dadoctorck; they're the new Black Crowes.
any way to watch the SWARCO raiders ?
Something needs to be done about these trains.
Way way way too overcrowded!!!
Oomf made me mad on like 6 separate occasions today.
Q: Who sends a thousand valentines cards signed', guess who' ?A: A divorce lawyer.
fantastic show  better than the original
Madonna made the same exit as Veruca Salt.
Happy Valentine's Day to everybody out there.
Eat chocolate, spend time with people you care about, and enjoy a tuesday for once!
swooning!
Meanwhile, Andoctorw, Christina and I are having a party back at the office.
Brooksie is hungry...
Hide your childoctorn
good morning
Back at my office, mooloolaba Starbucks enjoying the sunshine, sorryrain..
Lice sounds awful, it's only a matter of time before my crazyhaired boys get it.
So cool that us 3 r all connected.
Why are you alive
Woah there let's captainre this moment if I hit then known it
Thanks to Brian and Susan for getting up so early to be with us!
It's so sad/funny seeing people run just to try to catch the bus.
Me And BbyReggie watchin Bubble Guppies
Congrats to the Phoenix Coyotes.
They'll face the Los Angeles Kings in the 2012 Western Conference Final.
who's Ur sister
Everybody knows in movies the black guy always dies first.
His charm is so contagious, vaccines have been created for it.
lol just breathe or have a doctornk with me
10 MINUTES To LIVE.
Call us: 2027370001 EASTERN/CENTRAL.
2027370002 MOUNTAIN/PACIFIC.
Or TWEET your questions  comments.
now following.
....
we both know that's a lie 
Y'know, I'm always available to visit Umea...
If I had a son..........he would look like Justin Bieber.
And we would troll the mall together.
Thanks for the follow Frank I was in construction for 15 years, if I can ever do anything for you please let me know
Text?
Don't know what you mean, kid.
I think I scare most men.
Im not complaining...
most men annoy me :
see thats how sleepy I am 
Walk through went really well.
Nice building in John's landing.
Now for the design review, how do we put our program into the space.
RT : A3: upbeat, enthusiastic, to the point, no longer than 3 minutes...
engaging, too!
The moment when your friend tells your crush you like him.
Yeah.
Just happened.
Not cool.
remember when i predicted/stated that and M.I.A should/would have a collar together?
well it's happening
seems like you have plenty of action to handle w multiple bikes in mke and bikes in other Midwest cities too.
OMB I just saw in the oscars video for midnight in paris and it made my day lol!
With my badge stuffed into my sock, I collected rich experiences most writers will never see.
Neil Low on melding vice work and writing
Today's BTU inspiration: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
Wayne Dyer
I think I am going to start a whole new series railing against gatekeepers.
What a bunch of tools.
I am going include photos when possible
OK, fine!
I'm just jealous.
It sounds so exotic and I want to be exotic.
step ups, squat jumps and lunge jumps :
Ain't nothin to it but to do it now.
Snoop Dogg.

to add to your frustration, I do not understand this compilation of symbols you just sent me
its open for the next few weeks but when you get home go on facebook click the link and hit the demand button!
AfricanAmerican newspapers celebrated the rich social fabric of the 19th century AfricanAmerican Community including veterans posts...
Yep!
It will ship tomorrow and you should get it Friday or Saturday.
Funs not somthin u lost or a destination...so stop tryin to find it
Hate washing dishes but love that the soap makes my hands softer..
Just had everything erased from my phone : it wasn't working and that's all they could do.
Backup assist
Thank you for the follow, Rena.
Jean Henry Mead
That would be awesome.
I don't know if I've ever used striped paper.
Tea time.
Just went shopping in my closet and found a cute pair of boots that I never knew I even had.
FYI Chicago!
RT Just a reminder, all locations are closed tomorrow for annual day of staff training.
See you on Thursday!
Where did I buy the tickets for this ride, and where do I get off at...
I'm just saying.
hello call me okaydoky?
YOU LIE!
HAMAS rockets killed two Palestinian childoctorn.
Hamas shot supposed collaborators actually civilians
Sup g We on our way back yall gone slide on us yu n my boo.....!?
Q: how do you prepare your socialmedia budget for dell
Who am i kidding...
I cant sleep right now.
I couldn't afford it just yet, and I want to enjoy my freedom first!
I still think Jessica Sanchez will be the next American Idol.
She can Sayng!
Yeah Buddy...
Keep it up
YouCuteAndAllBut you dont have a sense of humor..?!
: A paperback book is its own doctor.
It can't be copied.
An eBook is a file that can be copied indefinitely.
A doctoramer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
RT : To the teacher who taught me what it means to be a teacher: My mama.
Everybodys mama.
yes we do.
Are you off on the weekends like normal folks
Hey Citi  telling me I have to have a home phone number on my account is very 2000 and late.
You have my ONLY number.
...That a girl goes through...
Bless my conversations with my Mentor!
onlyus completelyprivate HILARIOUS I'm still cracking up.
IMsquaredinc.
Could be Information Management, Information Management?
I have decided that I am replacing the word Probably with prolly from now on...
;
where ya at bro?
I still have my 91 A jersey.
he was my favorite and i'm keeping it and still wearing it :
Look, liberals.
Mitt Romney knows a lot about job creation just like an arsonist knows a lot about fire prevention.
happy birfffffday pretty lady
Just got in to after riding with my gf to her work for BikeToWorkWeek Milwaukee!
Done.
Second place was outstanding considering I was an 8 seed with mega injuries.
sucks.
Really?
Makes sense, but I would have thought he;d want to get out.
Also thought I've seen video of him at some.
I'm leaving u unnamed becuz as a jets, mets,Knicks fan I know how u bad/mad u feel right now but to one of my bf's, sorry about the loss.
Rain workout!!
LEGGO!!!
;
LOL a peanut
Or praying on bended knee, or pointing to the sky God ie Tebow
What I bought  25 April 2012  Comic Book Resources
Yeah I just bought an NuCharge phone case.
PROBLEM OFFICER?
Hang.
Over.
No.
Not the movie.
Pizza hut combos crust
Yep, definitely just saw a guy get thrown off the train for pooping.
heyy can u follow me
This Ron Artest  Metta World Piece complication Is getting corny
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on.
JFK
Capital Brewery wins gold for its Winter Skal  bronze for Blonde Dopplbock at the World Beer Cup.
6 state breweries win 9 awards.
God comes first above all.
When people bail its like FUCK!
That sounds cool!
Should I watch it since it didn't get wrapped up?
Thank you for featuring my music today.
Keep on ROCK'n NE mornings!
Im bout to say fuck it  give it up aint nothing gonna change
Bigger than that freight elevator outside the media room at the RG?
I find that hard to believe.
Nah, I dig.
It's like when you used to play as a kid and you had to ask the referee for the time, except there's no ref to ask.
how old do i look
: I get out at one.
We should hang out!
Lol
who's all playing that night?
i might doctorp by c: Hawthorne Theater, right?
Horror.
RT Girardi on Rivera: It appears he has a torn ACL ...
If that's what it is, it's pretty much as bad as it gets.
Who's ready to take the AP Lang exam?
...
The who Snick was great I use to watch snick every Friday ...
And the guy from LOTHT was on coke or something
Happy New Years to everyone at SATAY!!!
If Pats win....my instincts are WAY of!
This machine says my heartrate is 60.
Florida in three days!
Pumped!
Pay made.my day.much.better !!!
But like Saturday freak everybody ..
nobody.ruining.my birthday day !!;
USF Over bettors clinging to Overtime hopes
All i want is sum money
lol XD I've seen my friend do this too, it's hilarious XD
Please let something happen between us tonight.
Baby, why you wanna cry?
You really oughta know that I just have to walk away sometimes.
3
GenieFair2012 was awesome!
Thank you, , for all your hard work.
I've learned so much during the past two days.
sorry.
Im efforting to be best on your team.
But,im so sorry.
It looks fail.
I cant do that right
What to think now..
it has been about half a year since I have lost my job..
only time will tell.
;
I'm just not how often I'll use cryptography on this thing.
Still, being able to send signed emails from my phone is awesome
Hope u get to feeling better real soon.
I remember having dinner with you and Felicia at the Bravo on McKnight road in Pittsburgh 13 years ago!
It's funny to see people on a morning flight to Vegas already doctorssed like they're going to an after hours party.
Thanks for giving us a try.
Enjoy the day!
Ur link is not working..
Plz check again :
Funny how this whole JPMorgan loss came right after it closed the Vatican's bank account.
God is the original hedge.
Finished Day 1 of P90X.
Haven't done a round since Christmas so I thought it was about time.
What we can touch, smell, see, and hear is less than onemillionth of reality
Don't worry Lakers fans, Metta World Peace might be suspended for 7 games, but Ron Artest isn't...
Smoking Gun  johnny walker red blended scotch whiskey cherry heering / sweet vermouth fresh orange juice
Own this day.
Mizzou's gotta get through Florida probably.
No give me there.
someone on FB posts a convo they had involved YMAS like then in the comments they talked about how they hate them unlike that bitch!
: in oUr historY the most brilliant people were Once, if noT inItially branDed as crAzy.
love to b e loved so follow me and i will follow back
: Still waitin on y'all to gas this doctoramchaser 2, Exxonyeah completely gassed
Can this get any better .
.
.
Pretty interesting for a Saturay night.
try soundgarage..its free
ima bout to buy black opentoed shoes n wear a black sock just bc i like these shoes better
RT : If Kansas wins, my 6 yr old again picked 7 of the Elite 8 correct.
Crazy!!
/ my 3 year old would get 6 of 8.
She beat us all
Joining ASNEChat Tues 2 pm ET with others who've moved out of newspaper ed jobs.
For me it's looking ahead, not back, please join!
Jersey shore can't wait almost home, than VMASsssssss wat a fabulous day
Sundays just aren't the same without BombShelter.
:
Thanks for the RT and Having a lost puppy is no good.
Apparently Roscoe didn't like fire truck sirens.
good job!
At with the greatest wine makers in the biz  feeling like an interloper...
Jealous of the best friend...
these arya/tywin and ygritte/jon snow scenes are everything 2 me
All's well!
How are my favorite overseas friends doing today?
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there hope y'all have a blessed day
I know right?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
Go follow
Christina singing with Chris was just beautiful.
Wait what what was the name of that agent guy.
That was an experience!
..A Smoke doctorver Uniform
is so smart ...you should meet her afterwards
Working on a mischievous project for AG right now...
What could it be?
What could it be?
go on ur messages i need to tell u somthing that other poeplz cat know
i'm in a decent mood right now, let's hope it can last until i go to sleep.
Thanks, Kathy!
We're fortunate to have some great public schools in VA.
can i get a personal imagine ???
Please
So raise em up raise em up.
All I ever wanted was a shot at your love.
I know  I believe, everything we got is everything we need  O.A.R
Everything is Tim Juravicher in Texas
Let's Go Lakers!
We had a fantastic screening last night.
Thanks to everyone who came out and a special thanks to or speakers and partners
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!!!!
Smh
Hate doctorving into the Third Ward because parking is such a hassle?
Did you know that you can get one hour FREE PARKING with...
Feeling like I should have a man in my bed tonight??
Who's up too:
Re: Time Will Tell: We Are OUT of TIME!!
SSDetroit is Sinking FAST!
I can't write nothing now hands full of weed k
Also, nice presentation!
I'm just not feeling this whole working thing today!!
Heck yeah!
: : Listening to and cannot wait for the new single!
citylights // June 4th Go Time!!
Knock on wood: It's a little quieter in the newsroom today than the last two days.
I probably just jinxed it.
I can't believe this girl just cc'ed over twitter...
I wish I could remember what it was I needed to get at the store.
This does not bode well...
Dear bullies, do you see what you've done?
You've made them feel terrible about themselves.
Are you happy now?
I doubt it
RT : Work hard.
doctorss well.
Keep it simple.
no problem, following back!
When money comes around u start to see people who fucked u over wit they hands out I just bust nuts in they hands and say play wit dat
I'm rather enjoying the flood of Justin Timberlake It's Gonna Be May jokes the past few days have brought.
This MVSUWKU game is like something I doctoramed after a large TexMex meal.
We're hiring!
We're currently in need of kitchen help.
If you know of anyone looking for work in a kitchen, send 'em our way!
thanks darling not feelin it right now :
3 days til school's out: 
My view of hell is being in a graduation ceremony over and over again.
We have seen the future  it's today.NO Nuclear power is on in So CAL 4 the last 2 months!!
go to lifetime!
That awkward moment when someone skinnier than you calls them self fat.
Less than 2 months left.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our followers and readers!
I like you3
wondering how I rt'ed you??
I pressed the rt button
it was great actually got like 3 hrs of peace in my house
Peyton to Denver
People from small towns get ridiculed for having bad haircuts, but it's the rural area hair stylists we should be going after.
OKAY.!
Lol had us sleepin in the Sahara last night Oo
My mom has been asking me everyday if you got the results.
I showed her this tweet and she says THANK GOD!
3
Yum.
Definitely borrowing your grilled okra recipe!
Just moved to land of much okra.
.
.
That's key: RT : I want my students to learn how to learn, to love learning.
Andoctorw Breitbart left us before I had a chance to meet him.
Sometimes the good die young.
I am also coming out of review hermitage to write about the Diablos.
It will have Internets and RPGs.
u regret da day when i find anther girl.
tweetie was great til they sold to become the official twitter app
If woman's weak, then what is strong?
For all things bow to her: To her man's powers all belong; For her the bard attunes his song
when i start snarking at a twitter feed, it's time for me to go do something else.
set was fantastic last night.
Happy Thanksgiving Spurs and Spursfans!
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life  wishing you had.
J Paulsen
I haven't been this hungover since 'nam
I predict 90210 is toast next season
I'm going to guess you're talking about that Shaq commercial?
: Playbyplay man: The Clippers are going to win this game.
I know it's premature.
Ralph Lawler: Premature speculation.
you know what I'll be doing
That's good.
Was beginning to get scary worried over here.
Not sure.
I'd imagine so.
hahaha just saw excited and then disappointed tweets about this same thing.
wecouldpretend?
FF for recipes, for cool data, pics, etc
Movie recommendation is Ellen Page in Hard Candy
Fuck me I guess: Legit already cant wait for this club paradise concert 
Lol I'll change that.
Check again in ten minutes
do it!
Apply!
They need good people.
it's just zinger after zinger with you, isn't it?
Long Live the Rock!
annoying people , annoying conversation , annoying valentines day
Done in 15 pages.
CANT WAIT TILL SATURDAY!!!!
Headed back to KZoo : See you  Wild Bull!!!
Basketball is just better in Lexington.
Awesome!
I talked to her aunt today and she loved the workout this morning man!
She's really excited about it!
Good work bro!
The future's coming on fast ..
and I love it
i couldn't txt you earlier
whatever works for you :
Men gossip more than females
If only LeBron could do that in the fourth quarter
How about that Teebow and those Broncos.....
Just got my AP with on the cover!
Love the article!
3
Been a busy morning.
Got my new ERP, and eCommerce platform all picked out, now it's off to the farmer's market  more in New Hampshire...
RIP Ryan Dunn.
I'm so nervous about tomorrow I wanna cry.
Or cry in general.
The DeWitt Law Firm has launched a new website at DeWittLaw.com!
The best trick to play on me would be to put my keys in a purse, then put that purse in my purse.
It would take me all day!
I will pass!!!
And I'm going to st Pete after...
:/
It's like heaven!
I I love everything on this blog.
I tried chevys on my nails and it was a complete fail!
:
dam they really need to hire back Vladimir Kozlov, for WWE.
Lots of vintage sports recordings coming in from for the American Archive Inventory
Loving some Mel Lewis this morning.
It's streaks of honey doctorpping down a pastel pink wall.
It's hard to put these kinds of impressions into words :
Thanks for the tasty treats at last Thursday's 5x7social!
, Creative Creations Catering 
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Bob's Discount Organ Transplants  Meatloaf Emporium
: For the record  , It's Clobberin' Time was made famous by The Thing, in Fantastic Four.
THAT'S IT
had fun tonight but gotta work  9 tomorrow.
Gettin some shut eye
Aw, thank you I'm so glad!
Just realized that ppl following me on twiitter who don't really know me prob think I'm schizophrenic.
I prefer well rounded.
forwardbecause I don't walk backwards
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
I don't give a F about Tina
I will call again to confirm like a week before.
Sending good energy ur way 3333
After lunch, sessions in rooms with available power outlets are king.
It was cool to bump into you at foodprt.
Would love to share ideas  help w/ Woodinville scene.
Plus, I'm ready for Hood v.
Hood
Good night Z
Leaders foster partnership by making sure their mouths match their moves.
Chip R.Bell Managers as Mentors
At the crib
Use your smile to change the world, don't let the world change your smile!
I didn't expect it to hurt as bad as it does....
im gonna make it to 200
We Will, We Will, Rock U!
Channeling spring!
That's beautiful, going to RT!
: Perhaps our prayerapp would be of interest to you: www.birdofprayer.org
is there any particular reason why you wouldn't want to set s.pagename in an application flow?
Smh I can be a bitch at times .....just noticed it
It's Just Some Things You Gotta Do On Your Own
you put way too much sauce on that sandwich!
RT : Web Typography: 10 ultimate steps to follow to hit the bull's eye: webdesignbooth  Web Typography: 10 ultimate ......
oh lordy, beardy british comic artists in the elevator.
i am in lurve.
Birds are still eating my suet, even with 100 degree temperatures.
Welcome to the age of passive engagemnets, slowly being taken down within.
: smack her on her ass ass assU a fool boy.
Lol
Jeff Koons installed his famous artworks at Chicago's Advocate Hope Childoctorns Hospital www.flickr.com/photos/artimageslibrary/5244322596/
Support !Watch homegrown Milwaukee highschool bball players in a onekind tourney at next game tips off
i'm going to Egypt in April !!!
for halfprice !!!
New artist today think, I f they get tattooed up and wear cloths from the mall they are stars...can't sing to save their ass.
haha I know right?
I would love for you to take a look if you have time?
It's due Thursday, 500 words so pretty short!
Good luck to all of the contestants competing in the Arkansas International Pageant this weekend!
It's 84 Which Means Time To Show Sme Skin :
The white carts are on back order until around mid January.
!!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
gotta surprise people :
oh wow!
How are they supposed to get wristbands then?
Seeing Tom Frank at house of blues!
His new album is amazing :
loved the ad.
Please tweet a link to your solution site.
And thanks for leaving the goldfish in the bowl.
Team David Wright!
Thanks!
We will definitely share!
guess that rules me out.
let me know if you can't find a ride at LAX.
:
miss my sisters and the bond ;/ idk what happ
how you doin bro, been praying for you hope all is going well!
For 48HFP?
Awesome!
We look forward to it!
Great Quote!
Love you Both!
Huge Fan!...Keep setting great standards
hey kid, remember how hopper did it....
claim you are a victim.
Did Tweetdeck just die for others here at AAS3rdcentury?
Time to hit the gym and then back to the studio
Sadly, no.
And you are only allowed to live in NE for a max of 2 decades if you don't like football.
Can never return.
:sniff:
have you checked out ?
he's the man when it comes to forms!
Cut My Hair Cus It Reminded Me Of Youu , I Know Ya' Liked The Long Do.
I Had To Switch My Attitude Up.
Midlakes Basketball: It was great having our 6th grade travel team come watch/participate in our varsity practice tonight.
cool how are you today can't wait to see you in Chicago chi chi
Excellent news, that was wonderful.
Hope to get the opportunity to finally meet you that night!!
Celeb fans!
Checkem out!
Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues rocknroll,
So Anxious for this lakers game to start already gotta love NBA playoffs
I know!
All of you guys are SUPER nice.
And I think I'm the only hooligan at my school.
Well, my friend is becoming one.
:D
ATown Veteran the official streetlit novel by Cole Hart is available now for 2.99
Finna run it in dem n spades!!
What do you think you will be in 10 years?
Parents are serious bout they soccer at abc.
Gotta love all the talk between OSUMICH.
Too bad neither will be in the Big 10 champ game.
Go Bucky!
He hasn't called in 3 days and everytime I call him he's never home.....what should I do??
I'll be fangirling at the airport.
:D so exited for my cousin's arrival!!
:D
walks upstairs this is lukes room and ravis room , zuris room and this is my room smiles
Warning: Do NOT get in the way of librarians getting BettyWhite autographs!
I want to start a Tumblr featuring social media 'tips' from 'experts' that make you say 'well, no sht.'
English muffins werent invented in England nor French
Can't say that it would be a smart move considering it loaded the bases.
uber taxi is the single greatest app on erf.
or ....
at least my phone
I don't think I'll be down there 4th block.
Marice Ashe opens NPLAN symposium by asking participants how they use their leadership to create innovation.
I wish I could join ya!
messy tacosavacado face mask.
definitely the best way to present yourself at a resident mixer.
m...
;
1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people and my heart still tells me it's you.
It's Portland.
Everyone is a subject they all talk about you.
Truth or not.
They do!
I have tri training from 7 to 830/9ish...
dinner by your work or I can come over after
oh and it was never sampras but thanks for the props.
Lol.
I'm observing global Apple otaku day from afar.
I fell for you and I have no intention to stop loving you.
good to hear and yes, I am a Kings fan absolutely not!
Very good point!
I assume your a LAKings fan?
24 brands generate 1 billion each
Spot trending now in Burbank, CA: California Pizza Kitchen  Pizza
even though youre friends with someone i dont like ill follow ya!
lol thanks for the support
Class is in Sessions.
u won't regret it.
Unless u don't care for very detailed sexual literature.
I feel awkward sometimes reading it, but whatever ;
I think I'll either donate or recycle.
But I do keep extra for traveling or in case I lose them!
I like boys who like their mothers.
As humans were inclined to seek out mentors and leaders.
I've chosen Christ and He's never led me astray.
His love is extended to us all!
Saturday looks like it will be nice out!
Bring the fam and the dog!
www.kansascityymca.org/paws
My son's forbidden me from kissing him, but sometimes he doesn't notice when I kiss the very top of his curls :
Time for the studio!!!
2ceeTv Get at me for beatz!!
a girl with a soul...
Smh
hell, if you can give up BACON...
you can give up anything.
Thank you very much!
Alphas King Memorial Celebration not deterred by Irene.
The sun shined brightly.
My line  Beta, MLK 19.
1/2 Marahon in October...decided to go for it.
I find the outrage comical, honestly.
RT : I am so over talking about the breastfeeding lady.
Over.
It.
Ray's is pretty awesome.
I will stick to the beginner area for a bit when I go back.
It closes for the season April 29th.
This is incredible, I'll look it up right now.
I think everyone else in Milwaukee is extra sleepy as well this morning...this Starbucks is packed.
Yikes!
American's Favorite Destination for Ventless Gel Fireplaces Launches New Products  VirtualStrategy Magazine
you serious?
tosh.o on demand?
It's Toy Motivation its just part of the program...
not from the pet store.
He is a rescue.
I know better.
ah!
use your magic and they will!
pbrforever !oh!
and countdown until
When GOP talks about tax policy, broadening the base is good for middle class tax increases.
So how do you like our pink Christmas ?
I'm slowly getting stuff done today, but at least I'm doing it.
Have you told your friends about jlpvip?
Please share the news today!
deep breathing now.
feels too good to be true.
visualizing the reality and embracing it.
I like your talking....
Please follow me33 This a new account !
So Please follow 3 ily boy 3
My brother and cousin kicked me out of the game room cause I gave them small meat and I had a lot
Oh cool they're playing The Wallflowers
it is, the big 36 today.
Thanks!
Hoping the rain will stop when I have to go to work!
Zapato Power: Freddie Ramos Springs into Action released by Albert Whitman Sept.
1st.
When your mom asks you a million questions.
Just at Q.finals of champions league  Liverpool V Chelsea.
Cant beat Anfield on European nights
A la carte
Happy Monday afternoon.
A nice busy day with Albuquerque jobseekers.
Some very amazing people!!!!
Tested, screened and ready to go!
Just copped tix to our show with The Fixtures!!
only 8 bones, hear that fuckin sound?
thats the sound of a GOOD ASS DEAL!!!
Many Thanks for your continued support!
Cheers to the
Everyone's at the beach and I'm getting ready for work.
Cmon man.
WHOSE GETTING THEIR HAIR DONE FRIDAY?!??!?!??!
This girl right here!!!
alright cool, I'm coming.
Yep that was a foolish comment Tebow led the Broncos its a shame how they treat Tebow if they let him alone he simply WINS
Many girls are excited about Justin Bieber.
I think hes OK but not crazy about him.
Chase Hammond scores the first spring game TD for the Badgers since 2010.
Caught the ball at the 2 and muscled his way in.
70 cardinal
Thank you, you too!
Follow Gudda SLAY On Twitter an I'll Follow Back
send some pics
Feeling happy and hopeful tonight!
liked.
Start following people that share things you find interesting and you will start to learn ;
i love revenge when she gets revenge
Make a turbine with KidWind and ride a bicycle with Xcel Energy today during GREEN ENERGY DAY!
Open until 5!
Stepped on a splinter this morning..
Just had the pleasure of using my paltry Arabic skills to unravel mysterious scribbles for a coworker.
Cookies and milk or cookie dough and milk?
That is the question.
TAT chart setup technical swing play building
yes Tom what time works for you??
Plus, I heard we're going to be giving away some CDs!
;
its raining...
thanks a million supastar!!!!
Daughter: Is that Lady Gaga?
Wife: Twentyfive years ago, yes.
Unashamed of Christ
Jersey shore tonight cant wait.
Blame Canada.
My aunt just died and we laughed and celebrated her life.
I feel it's similar when we do it with celebrities.
We just lack personal stories.
CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP!!!!
just because the video came out two weeks ago, doesn't mean you shouldn't care anymore!!!
The Pauly D project?
YES.
It's not too late to get a gift for Valentine's day.
So come check us out!
one upper.

stellar news!
I don't pop pills .
Its stupid .
Did my doc rly tell me to take this ?
Its for med reasons..
Make my tummy feel better 
itsuckshavingayoungersiblingbecause you can't say blah blah was being mean to me!If there like more then 3 years younger then you
A gorgeous day and just finished a great workshop with Kendoctor Castleberry who now also casts :
Love you 6DAYS BITCHES
Stay strong OccupySeattle and
Glad to see at least one Alpha feels this way RT : The ladies of are 1 in my book..
and you didn't get stopped?
Lol
im going tonight to see Celtic Thunder with my bro, i cant wait.
hehe : and your stressin like cray right now from what I'm seeing lol.
why you stressin?
Sorry, the contest is only for people dining out for
Looking good!
MINOR/MAJOR  TV ON THE RADIO TOUR doesn't feel like a short because there was such a massive volume of satisfying content
youcantdateme if you won't treat me well
Tonight we discuss imperative affirmation w/ our students at 8pm est on schools2life chat with prepare to succeed!
Thanks, will check it out.
Wanna do a shoot soon for online ads 3
Just made my business cards with B : bomb bomb bomb
enjoying the ordered, recentering calm of Monday.
The sad part is.....
while we talk about s, youtube views, iTunes, Coolness...ect.......talent isnt a factor anymore 
Don't get offended, I'm not a crazy, but I had a doctoram you sat on my face.
That is all.
Good day.
Trying to make my own path...lifeistooshort
: makin Bacon this week have several fresh bellys Making bacon is on my todo list!
Sounds amazing!
Ugh!
I miss him :
realist on twitter...sure..
Ewww this guy is fat and bald, let me go throw up...
Josefina, this time they blogged shrewd, artful, and designing
I know that there's a place for me somewhere out there.
When my star class throws me a surprise party 
Worst call of postseason leads to 14 pt swing in favor of Packers.
head ass lol I can't help it if people enjoy my company
We finally have a twitter, facebook, myspace, and other sites!
check out our Demo, Diamond Sonata
because you take care of your business don't take school and life for granted
SEI Family Services helped an amazing 83 families keep  reunite w/their childoctorn in foster care!
And the year is only just starting.
Thanks Nina!
Still making some tweaks but it's got a bit more personality than the last one.
: Now taking subscriptions too!
Lmaoo!
Stop bumpin the table ha and yes if it goes on tour we're gonna be groupies and follow every city lololol
Thanks for the follow have you liked us on facebook as well?
Im done wit groupie bitches im on my 2008 meezy heartless watch me change up
This is not a good way to start Black History Month!
what!
Building relationships is not real work.
I guess u just hit the easy button and money appears.
LOL!
It would've been the 3rd D:
I love fudge!
Yum!
Yum!
Buying dangerouslydelicious right now!
You should too
What are they gonna do now?
What will they charge me with?
Where's my ID?
Where's my SOCIAL TREATMENTS FOR DEPRESSION, EH???
well, i'm sorry, i didn't know it would bother you so much.
if it's any consolation i can't get the Rush fans to stop tweeting at me
Taking a detour to stop at the on my way home, to pick up some giveaway prizes for our donation doctorve.
Very good news.
By the way both test for my prostate cancer came back negative so now we can treat it.
Look forward to meet you.
would love to meet up at the event, come by our table
80's  90's Party  Club Curves.
Hip Hop All Night.
Say Jazzy at the Door.
Cohibas Nite Club 110 Broadway Long Beach 90802.
Packed Out!
lmfao why do I put 3's ...
I'm so unprofessorssional.
Sole purpose of marketing is to sell more to more people, more often and at higher prices.
There is no other reason to do it
um...
I clicked on it and it took me to a porn site...
are you trying to tell me something??
LMAO
You'd have to ask someone who still works there.
My last day was Tuesday.
Sorry for the late reply, no access.
4 Days until atxunscripted arrives in Austin.
So much to do before then.
eek!
Lead by example, you're always influencing someone with your actions!
1 bar in the cell phone lot at Tampa Int'l...
what would u hash tag that comment w/ ?
I've always said Winkie Frownie, because it's disturbing to read.
It's like a sad/sexy version of a brownie.
excellent plan.
touch base Saturday morning: we run around with gymnastics  guitar but are usually home by 11:30...so noon?
What up Menage!
Thanks for the follow!
If you are doing Super Bowl ad coverage or any other brand analysis, please keep us in mind.
this body's closed until further notice, wondering to close will get you nowhere fast.
// love it
The Giants quarterback has a head of a lightbulb nooffense :
We love Las Vegas!
Keep Music alive and strong there!
Thanks Las Vegas!
OMG!
I am making those next week for sure.
Just ordered a donkey cookie cutter.
:
One of those days where I just wanna cut my hair off again
IT dashboard brings together data so people can find it  including visualization of existing data into consumable form.
You don't bring your book to class, then you want to ask a bunch of questions.
Come on man
most users are not contributors; why?
Tools to contribute to OSM suck!
Fix it!
you did so great!
I love you I couldn't make it through the day without seeing your beautiful smile!
On this date in local history, Jamestown native Lucille Ball passed away in 1969.
We will always love Lucy!
Well that's awesome.
He has to be expecting the obvious questions re Shurmur  WRs.
Hopefully he's ready to answer them!
is Facebooking and wondering what can twitting do
Thanks very much guys.
It means a lot to me.
I'm using the map inside a NOLA guidebook I got from the library.
sorry, but somebody needed to tell you that your an attention seeker.
i'm glad i said most of that to you.
gtfo outta here nasty bitch
You know your friends are asshats w/ a camera when they sharpie make up on u when u sleep, take pictures, and then photoshop/facebook them.
FollowReader How did I forget this new NF fall release...
my boss's book: LE FREAK by Nile Rodgers!
Can't believe how many people like paranormalactivity3..
should be interesting to see how Joost  Schulman handled their directorial gig
I break myselfa piece of Oatmeal Raisin Cookie.

or guesstimate
OMG!
What a cute dog!!'' Gets Closer BARK BARK BARK BARK ''Fuck you too then
21 minutes until the game starts.
Let's get a W tonight!
e gads, Fergie
is too
Bothered by phone booth and little free libraries...
WHAT???
What about access to all?
Totally disagree right now!
Last week before end of quarter  cram/make up week.
Hanging w/ 2 Son who is recuperating from surgery.
He has introduced me to tosh.0.
I feel my brain cells dying in vast numbers.
poor guy!
I am secretly dating josh hutcherson .
He just doesbt know yet.
; so bitch back off!!!!
If you write a book on Greek warfare, I feel it is a given that there'll be Corinthinan hoplite helmet on the cover.
I count 5 on my shelf
handover that hangover to the gods of the morning!
Salutations after much of the same, sans the wine.
On a train, though.
It's happening!
Save the Date: January 1315th
I know ; text me babeh!
Its so funny.
How you think you're great  that I'm like the rest of your exes, when I think the same bout you.
don't know the song but very nice!
i'll RT 4 u to let the fan club hear also.
Fun times!!!
About to experience SLEEP NO MORE.
Thanks for being so popular/in demand that you couldn't use your ticket
I haven't actually bought something on itunes in years
Check out our latest post on our Technology blog!
Site Monitoring At With Graphite  j.mp/jW8AbR
Take every breath God gave you for what it's worth
Is mad that and I covered the hole in the wall?
We only tease the ones we like!
The bus stop is so lonely today O.o
: Baseball is theater for the sports minded person.
More like Jeopardy
jus wrapped up final cut on kalii new song bout to write this 2nd verse on this hot song i been working on!!
Just like a shoe, if someone is ment for yu, they will fit perfectly: no forcing, no struggling, no pain 3
Performing tonight at 8:30 pmPasadena peeps come on out...or Glendale peeps...or Burbank...ok u get it.
Video shoot this friday:30pm who wanna be in it?
They say KeyKey, you kept it too real for'em
I am more poorly organized than the last Lilith Fair.
why are you so sweet ?:
we're working on it!
cool!
thanks for the info

Happy Birthday!
mine neither!
one of these days I will learn the art of espresso.
For now, a pile of foamed milk on top is as fancy as it gets
THANK GOD UR ON!
CAN U PLZ FOLLOW ME!!
I BEEN BEGGING SO MUCH!
TEAM MAHONE 333
Bill Bedgood, the basketball coach at Sherman Oaks Notre Dame HS for seven years, has resigned effective the end of the season.
I'm happy to see that decent liberals, like EricBoehlert, JoshMarshall, and
no worriesjust checking!
have a great day!
OMB 4more days untill JUSTIN BIEBER BOOK COMES OUT: im bored lets talk: eating SOUR PATCH KIDS XD follow me
hey!!
Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.
I had TONS of homework!!
:
Could have paid 21

thanks for the kind words.
I will check on the mic.
I assume you checked Apple store?
Hey!: who won?
interesting ride ill say
nutella and apple sauce not as good as I'd originally thought it would be 
Hanging out at ESX2010  Don't forget to stop by booth  314 and say hi!
Sade tickets....
while supply last
Cold world, down blanket.
hopefully soon!
We are releasing our new album soon, and then we hope to do some touring again :
Today's writing tip: A new year calls for new visions including visualizing yourself finishing that story you started last year...
: Condolences to you and your family.
Thank you for your extraordinary strength during this time of mourning.
ok boo: you have the digits right?
Oh that's right I'm seeing the avengers tonight :D IMAX and then I'm gonna paaartay
I can help you get noticed!
message me for more info!
The Circle of Sorcerers is undergoing audiobook production.
Should be available in December.
:
I'm so bored : can I twit till tmisterw mawning ?
Hahaha !
!!WANTED!!
Chicago bands for Shows!
'Briefcase' was filmed on a Sony EX1 over 5 days, w/ locations in Hollywood, Santa Monica, Venice,  Marina Del Rey
God, this team, seriously...
Haha you sure?
change your PW!!
Don't click on links in DMs.
is next level.
thanks boo 
Le tired
not to mention there are a hand full of side series that follow that same continuity
A4 Hahaha.
Does dancing on the tables at count?.
Such doctormatic percipitation.
no thankfully.
Just sitting in that garage made me feel sick haha.
Life has been life for once.
I've been going out a lot more :
Putting on ballet shoes tonight after a whole month felt really really good...glad to be back :
I might have to watch..
I don't follow hockey a ton.
I honestly don't know too much about it haha
somefactsaboutme i am a HUGE LAKERS FAN and KB24 FAN!!!!
haha what was his recommendation
agreed!
Beautifully articulated!
That nasty ass salad from Publix...
I'm mad af now.
Fuck what you thinking
Please see because it will rock your world.
Beautiful work!
Show this thurs at The Grape Room in Manayunk.
8pm.
Be there.
hey you!
If you happen to be in town, I have a show tonight.
Just wanted to send you an invite.
:
I'm done worrying about what I can't change.
Only God can do that!
My focus is what I can change in regards to myself!
you're okay now
hi : can you please follow back?
Your absolutly AMAZING333
reading about making money.
Another day of sound mixing vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie.
You folks are gonna love this movie.
Have a great ACL weekend.
Stay safe, enjoy the great music.
If you need to talk to Mary don't use a flame use a vap instead.
Fire  no good
I wish people could just be happy for me that I'm happy and stop trying to bring me down.
I don't even know what I want anymore
: Aye Your Welcome You Know I Stay Keeping It 100
OH Lord.
I had no idea he would do that to reporters.
Our first Spoken Word!
God is good!
Home is the Moron from the fray!
We were just talking about this in our office this morning.
extra long  extra expensive, since it's in 3d lol.
Haven't posted in a while.
Doing a job search right now Seattle.
Know of anyone looking for a great Ops Mgr or Acct Mgr?
Send them my way
New versions of Remote Conductor and Conductor Server are available now.
Bug fixes and enhancements to custom folders.
I'm such a nice girl, I don't know why some people just don't give me a chance ..
Not even joking.
I was laughing out loud.
It was hilarious.
The entire episode was brilliant.
Great blog.
Sounds like you have a lot of things going on.
I'm sending a review request.
Congrats on all your achievements.
Have a great day!
i bet you'll be at joyrich within a week,lol!!!
I found out I was expecting.
Due July 5 live the morning sickness.
Not!
I joined Facebook you should look me up.
great things!
RT : think i'll clean off my doctorsser  call it a night...
no telling what awaits me when i walk into 7478 tomorrow
I want a girl who stays out too late and when I call, she doesn't answer the phone
just your bitch taking your coffee order 
I'm I'm Atlanta bitch.
I used to like birds.
Then my grandpa's bird turned mean and vicious after he died and attacked me.
Since then birds hate me
Royksopp, particularly the song In Space .
Brother Ali, jr and ph7, and dnb is always fun.
Take off with the CMA awards flyaway promo and sweeper
How are you going to make it with two game sevens?
I'll be here to support you!
Tonight's ep of PLL was so intense!!
I was so scared for the girls just watching it!
Lol
It's like they're pantomiming kissing someone and just happen to be bumping their faces together.
My heart hurts and I'm shakey.
Bleh
Congratulations to our Domestic Grant winners MIT's Fighting World Hunger and North Carolina Millennium Development Project!
That is cool!
I like that technique.
Also liked the slideshow / carousel techniques you demonstrated.
cool and
9am in Dallas.
Update from karting's Florida Winter Tour...
RT : On the pole again in DD2 Rotax.
Lots of fun in the rain.
Reverb working quite well today.
Next step: cleanup.
cried her eyes out watching the final episode ...
What a clifhanger...
:
looks like you guys are on to something big!
Staying tuned for announcements!
goal!
Go caps!
Boop!
Was falling asleep an hour ago and now I'm WIDE awake O.O
RIP captainin Phil Harris.
We all miss you!
Do you not know what Death in Venice is?
Google it, then try and tell me that Usher as Gustav and Justin Bieber as Tadzio isn't hilarious.
Haha!!
Your too cute!
Be sure to tune in to 190 North tonight at 11PM on ABC!
I'll be on to talk about during the 190 Cyber Surf segment!
just win, baby, win.
we're looking for a suite.
Any suggestions?
kicks are on the way!
are you coming today?
Feb.16th,6pm,Newark Schools' Cami Anderson will be mting School to discuss its closing.All in the community will be affected.Learn how.
you're an artist?
mostly artists are on the mac side...
I feel like I can't take no more GN y'all  it's still a !
My sisters and I may or may not be singing karaoke at a random bar on Fremont Street.
I made my 6:15am flight!
:
OMG POLAND.
I WANNA GO THERE ONE DAY !!
I love the winter.
Poland, Russia.
Omg.
33333
I live in Portland.
I enjoyed the Portland auditions.
Will the Idol summer tour make it to the Rose City this year?
Saturday it was a Sri Lanka New Year celebration with curries, daal,  coconut rice, followed by Lao and Thai street food for dinner.
which gym?
A Wonderful Life: Rolling with the changes
Girl mad at me again.
Does anyone know if Moz Thunderbird has an easy backup maker like Outlook and the .pst file?
o i like
M .
that's just like fresh water
Anyone Puzzled by Westlife's tour poster.??
I'm Baffled !!
Mad max 4 ?
or is it the 4 Arsemen of the apocalypse???
I really need to start going to school everyday man.
alright then long as you knew my dude
It's been a good day if you're a political gossip columnist
Oh I think that I saw before she looks familiar.
I think that u introduced us a while ago.
Hi
Thank you Twitter for being over 30 minutes faster than CNN Breaking News.
RIP Davy Jones.
Your musical genius will be missed.
What is a dogs favourite school subject?
DogRuffE 
Indeed.Some dont like CJ's I've seen a lot of the artist's work.
He does Chiefs caricatures all of the time.
Amazing stuff.
My condolences go out to you and your family.
I like Target so I hope they make it right.
Nope, new highlight.
My first grammatical error on the Twitterz.
Is, not are.
if you know the Gazette people can you let them know that the June and July issues are missing from their site?
Thanks!
Don't doctornk Coke anymore, they just said they won't run any ads during Glenn Beck.
They say your penis is related to shoe size.
Well, that makes the fear of being raped by a clown much scarier.
Why not follow me on Facebook as well?
Trying to grow a strong social media with spirited awaken people with uplifting tips and posts.
No OKCTrivia tonight  but to make up for it.
We're bringing you 100 Bones TONIGHT from 8pm  11pm!
The Hunger Games: Best.
Running Man ReMake.
EVER!
: I remember when we couldn't play a show without getting iced like 5 times on stage.
Smirnoff hahalol how silly was that shit?
Cross in the middle of the street while the cars r flying
Happy Mother's Day to my mom from your favorite son!!
I love you!!
At bdubs watching Bruins game and RedSox Common boston!
Nike Grapevine has you keep going...
lemme know how that goes?!
i have to get mine done memorial day weekend!
Rockin Suspenders today with my suit in the office, feelin so fly and in charge!
Which tweet?
As my favorite San Diego reporter I have been in various cities and good tweets sent to you too!
:
What did you say?!
last night was an exception I wanted to wear
Found in Reference Universe: Jane Goodall in Africa in The Encyclopedia of Women's Travel and Exploration
Please talk to me about your client's project management needs
Sometimes Fuck You is the best answer.
But not always...sadly.
This song is all day in my head and it's the first I downloaded!Any other good music?:
if you're at doctoramforce take a photo of the expo,upload to and earn cash.
Its that easy.
Now recruiting State Directors!
yes  are more prevelant during events such as smacsrit If hashtags are established 4 users more users will participate
: You know whose Behind The Music I'll be most amped up to see...
Kanye, duh.omg yes!
yo get this bumb from Miami guiterez off!
He is horrible and has never known sports, he sucks.
I love TBow,and DThom nt md
Waiting at Panda for some potstickers.
It is the only reason I'm here, I shall wait.
how many people play football or someing eles
You're welcome Heat fans.
He's 2 for 2 since my tweet.
check out this week's tomm, i'll be in it!
thank you for the love, Doug!
UN on Syria: Syrian government attacks on civilians amount to crimes against humanity.
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance.
Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations.
Expect the best of...
guys these days are such pussies
You can call me a flirt, but when I'm in a relationship, I'm one faithful and loyal person
how's that new parking space?
We're glad you highlighted parking issues, a lot of people don't seem to think so.
I love your videos and music!
ANDYOU!
ERROR CITY up in this game
I hate when people quote ignorant ass lyrics
I know exactly what you mean!!
That's why I'm the one kinda taking over for that stuff!
haha
4th Q!
it's kinda chilly.
Just sayin'.
Springfest in Ocean City this weekend
From Celebrity's to C.E.O's contact B.C.N.
For all your contact needs.
Hi hater u hating I fly by u um waving.but n both um half man n amazin I spit da truth get da luit set back n smoke on dis fruit CHUBSTACKS
siteonmobi thanks for following me on Twitter!
Bank shot is a bad sign.
gocards get it together.
Yes the real lion tamer!!!
Yum is right!
What did you have?
a kid from my high school tried marijuana.
now hes locked up in a mental institution  spends his time doctoroling  making sculptures w/feces.
U know things are bad when, hubby spots a backpack on the road  even tho we were running late, stops to see if it was filled with 
One of the easiest and most comfortable Halloween costumes has to be the rag doll
This is hilarious lol
Really!?
So Sanchez vs.
Tebow in a QBcontroversy?
: Breaking News: has been traded to 
WMDs, Aum Shinrikyo, and Oregon cults.
I love this class!
Oh, man, TELL me about it.
The story of my life!
he just called her a filthy filthy girl and she giggled..
Don't think I can intercept this one.
Mission: Aborted
otay ,otay ill cut it out for a second...but im loosing my mind, I dont know if I can handle this much longer
I watch it at least a couple times a week.
.
is clearly not what I expected it to be.
You get the point though.
RT Insightful, minimum compensation travel arrangemnts RT Glimpse in Dancer Contract http//tiny.cc/vu4d8
or you can probably divide the work with someone else...probably different views of the same matter
The funny thing is is ...
Please delete this expression from your vocabulary or I will pee in your coffee.
It's me again.
Barfly.
When I snore it sounds like a kazoo symphony.
That's not even from doctorgs.
That's just from Twitter.
Don't be like me.
i saw the one pick...better your head than your nose!
see you 2nite
still less stressful than waiting for results on yourself though isn't it?
AND YOU minus the dancing with pants.
Instead it's hitting people with bread.
hahahah love your most recent tweet :
Curiosity and HillbillyHandfishin premiere in the same night?!
, you're too good to me.
I'm almost crying for the pure joy of this.
Why does my hair shed like no other?
ughh
Turns out is doing Code Year too!
It's an IncrediBull race to be the best coder in the office!
Any of you ever been to Malaysia?
And if so, any words of wisdom?
I am traveling there for work.
Thanks for the ff!
RT : Happy
Wen u go into the bathroom and everyone looks at you Cheergirl333
Casino night with at St.
Raphael's!
Thanks for the good time tonight Berger.
We owe ya one!
Trust No Dick ;
There are over 120 different types of brain tumors, making effective treatment very complicated.
I gathered that from your post.
I like COA better full stop.
Is it a replacement or complementary to legacy SOA?
unless they're creepers like Kevin lololol
you want to have a bite Tuesday at suppertime?
i need to make my way to hotel by 7 for airport shuttle...
badtiming?
Around Sacramento, Ca.
Promoting SNO Clothing, Stay Tuned New Mens Tee Shirt Coming soon.
www.SnoClothing.com
Tantalizing burlesque and titillating improv to knock your socks off!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 67
Blue Jays sign P Brandon Morrow to multiyear deal
David, flight att'dent on BOSDCA 6pm shuttle was kind, patient, informative and helpful.
He deserves some credit!
so damn true:
SAT word of the day: acerbic biting, bitter in tone or taste
This picc of me is borin..gonna change it :
Yes sir!!!
RT : concert is on Tuesday right?
ok now im just being mean ill stop, those dudes actually make very amusing paradys/videos
so so my mom came wit me can never get it in like a want to when she wit me
What do you like about Bing that you didn't like about MSN Live or Google?
RT : They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them.
how is any1 supposed to wait till october let a lone January?!?!?!?!
PLL IS INSANLY AMAZING
Admitting it is the first step!
lol
lady it is a damn shame you won't be here to enjoy the unlimited mimosas with us
Some these people in this industry is faker than April fools day.
It looks like I ain't in trouble thank god
Bubba Thompson is one awesome cowboy!!
The lime coming to your city soon!
I hate when you play the pity who does a girl or what does a girl do card
Decided I might as well write another movie, but this time, something original...with zombies.
I just want to let you know I pee my pants laughing every time I read your tweets
Enjoying a great luxury RealEstate class with
Thanks to all the donors at last night's Memorial Tweetup.
We have a check for and also sent some money via PayPal.
DD...Dances again
is fine as hell
Panhellenic Hunger Games doctorve begins
Dear Internet, please download my Op Ivy album faster.
Thank you.
PS: same with the Circle Jerks.
plot twist harry is actually 50 years old, that's why he likes grandmas
It's almost here: we're going to announce a brand new product tomorrow!
Stay tuned for more info!
much love dogg!
I agree.
RT : I'm cute like that.
how can u expect to be supported by your community when you turn your back on them?
So many ideas!
So little time :
Look at that 12:22pm and the moon is out.
What a game...a 2 out 2 strike triple to tie it in the bottom on the 9th
Coffee of the week is Punch in the Face.
One of my top 5 brews.
You never let me down, :
Of course my husband is insane and thinks he is going to go judge beer two days in a row this Friday and Saturday.
good question.
Any ideas for a better term for nontraditional students?
This sun burn needs to go away....
now.
I will and cc you.
thanks girl love the support!
keep with me please!3
Malo Sauvecito.
R.I.P Anthony.
I have to admit, each time I nail a flapper with the boomerang, I giggle.
:
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
HOW many kids does Michelle Bachmann have?
Holy crap.
Holy.
Crap.
...
Crap.
...
Really.
Your thoughts become your words, your words become your actions, and your actions become your habits.
Think only positive thoughts.
Kobe stayed at the FT line during both warm ups and wasn't shooting well.
Not shooting the FT well in game either.
WTF
Me thinks Justin
The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion.
The tunnel is.
Epictetus
I did the same thing yesterday minus boo's parents.
: Happy New Year Sis!!!!
Up early for a busy day....
finally taking my first doctorver's ed class then heading to set to film Day 2 :
please refrain from kicking my seat.
Thank you for the followback!
You guys ROCK!!
I guess giving it your all don't matter nomore!
im Chilling My Nigga :
What's scarier than Wikileaks is the war on Wikileaks
Say word?
ahh.
This is the one I was looking for.
Tomatomania is already on my calendar.
See you then!
You Looked Very Pretty in that doctorss at The Victoria Secret Event, Daisy!
Did you have a Nice time at the Event?
: can't wait!
keep up the good work, you've been hitting really well in the past couple weeks :D
San Diego bro and I gotta leave for a while if I don't leave somethin will happen that I will never ever forget
After 12 years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes.
She said, No hablo ingles.
Ha!
I miss the french fry feed...having fries at home just doesn't cut it :
So now that Facebook is going public do you think your professorles will be more or less private?
Being single is no where near as easy as it looks.
Hearing Josh Bazell read the Beat the reaper is great, you all need to hear him read from his book if you can....
tea party!
At New TEech, Failure is an impt option in learning...we want students to challenge thmseves  learn from mistakes.
NTNSXSW
TEDxSEA Please visit the Seattle Fandango Project Facebook page or join our Google group for more info on our upcoming workshops  events.
Why do I keep seeing condoms on tv..?
Aubrey:It's a sign Abbi meow.
Meow I already said that meow!!!
I think were hyper..
definitely DT now?
i love how we live within the same boundaries: i could just go to ATL or woodstock to see you bruh; damn i'm lucky!:
Dude I was kidding, I don't even know who your talking about?
Most definitely!!
They said it wouldn't last, we had to prove them wrong 'cause I've learned in the past that love would never do without you 3
Food Inc ...
Wow, really makes you think about the food you eat.
Went through San Antonio, now going through Corpus Christi.
Then we will hit Port Aransas!!!!:D
Major Fire at the Daytona 500!
Montoya hits a jet doctorer.
At Will Rodgers Airport for an early flight home
OH today while two women discussed a third, I love her, she's a little fire truck isn't she?
Fire Truck?
Did she mean Spit Fire?
bored only 4 days left of school startin monday
5bestsmells gasoline, i dont know why it's just like amazing
How many of you follow the rule: No white after labor day?
I watched some Saxondale a couple of weeks ago, and I still have Hocus Pocus in my head.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/29/2012 and was under his calorie goal
My work here is done!
Off to work!
Should be a busy day...
hey maggie you kinda look like rachel maddow
Is reading books about how to be an entrepreneur lean methodology?
Who thinks Tiger should face the media?
USsportspages.com
Office closed...who knew protests could equate to a snow day
WE ARE A PROUD MEMBER OF THE
Lololololol.
That night was probably the reason Kenny can't come to Riverbend anymore.
Is Rafflecopter acting up for anyone else?
Thank u 2 the artists  bands that auditioned yesterday in Palm Beach  Our World Learning Center Next auditions April 28...
The problem is the whole FRA phenomenon.
Just a chick who goes to games.
Not even worth talking about.
Real fucking hot put it in park take a shot higher than a tube sock you a bop give me top top as I load the guap.
Groins are slow healers and linger.
Mild concern with him there....
Its simply too many pitches thru 4 for Gallardo.
Needs to be more efficient to be elite.
Can't even begin to think about how I'm going to pack for a two week business trip.
Smh
Looking for promo models in Chandler, AZ to work a fun event from Feb.
1921.
Contact for more details.
I wish I could doctornk with y'all :
Having a wonderful meal  Hilton wangfujing Beijing
Gonna buy me a weapon today..
I think lol
I don't understand this reference.
Hairy dude from Teen Wolf?
RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr
We're falling in love all over again.
Exhibits will be open from 84 Thursday.
Be sure to budget some time to visit the exhibits as they will not be open on Friday.
Thank you for sharing!
Oh yes, I remember!
And I wanted a motorcycle launcher in my van!
UFC fight Money Mayweather fight, 5diamond starting, hoping its an action center
Longest Recorded Orgasm: 43seconds with 25 consecutive contractions.
Morning Rick.
Thanks for following!
Greatly appreciate it!
SMILES :
Regular Show is on
Damn what happened to Pill?
Just wrapped another great class w/the Will Wallace Acting Co!
Always enjoy Mon nights!
Watchin the sixers game with my mom.wish i could date a girl that was a real fan they all make me watch friends or somthin
Bam!
And I agree with Steve RT : Then you're an idiot.
RT/ : I blame you for J Niese losing the nono.
It's Friday and I'm going to VEGAS right after work!!
Going to be a great day.
what does cba means ?
3 .
But it takes only 2 sec to order it :O !
What time you starting today?
Why do people sound like they're trying to get into the next edition highly sensitive cerebral quotes of the year to make your ex swoon
Advantage of Ejournaling on a CMS: forces students to reflect daily due to time stamp
Sitting in Interactive Qualitative Analysis.
Need caffeine.
:P
i'm probably not gonna get any numbers.
lol
Let's go Longhorns!
I'm finally getting sleepy...
If bubble wrap surrounds stuff in packages what surrounds bubble wrap?
hahaha good memories
Just wanted you to know that I'm waiting on what will be my third Xbox 360 console to come back from repair.
:
Saw our local Arena Cheese Factory featured on Gameday this AM.
Love the excitement for Wisco sports in this state!!
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.
Abraham Lincoln
Board Meeting tomorrow.
Gearing up for our big fall fundoctoriser on 10/23.
WTS for more info.
I applied but training is yearly and begins spring 2013.
They don't ask about which tours but I'd love NB, 'stro, Russ.
Hill or TL.
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.
Watching Ed Dale discussing this year's 30 Day Challenge
if one day all my doctorams came true
Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most important thing in life is to know when to forgo an advantage.
It's My mom's Birthday!
3 Happy birthday mommy!
u pick the beat, we record, and u do yo verse.
I say that because we probably like a different type of beat.
: lol Is it July 14th yet WAR Marquez They need to hurry up and announce the damn opponent!
I've made up in the lack of trying coffee by having my share of beer.
Ha!
God question.
but wouldn't google news be a gatekeeper?
google decides who is and is not featured on their news page
Your tweet has resulted in at least one subscription!
you and him are too perfect for each other.
just saynn
It's Ladies Night and our Reverse Happy hour goes on until 11pm!!!!
Come enjoy great doctornk  food specials!!!!
I'm about to be riding the Sami Train ; hahah lol
omg yes pls.
It is not great defense but, two teams feeling the pressure of a game 7.
Painful 2 watch.
i can't wait for jersry shore!
;D
I was wrong but technophiles believe i am right
If you could keep your kids one age forever...
what age would it be?
Did anyone watch the Baylor game last night?
It was an incredible shootout!
Light one, pass it like a relay
Great!
Let us know how everything goes :
: Well, I can't relate.
I have no idea what it feels like to withhold sex.
Or have selfcontrol in general.
I'm beginning to think the A's got a steal on Cespesdes...
yes??
You're reply didn't say anything
Third, if you don't count the promoted hashtag.
If you know what CAFA means, RT
lets get happybirthdayjanet 1 on the TT!!!
come one
MN GOP caucuses are underway and we're awaiting results.
The latest Public Policy Polls shows Santorum taking Minnesota with 33 of the vote
why you sick or something???
Was that husband/father guy really saying those things to you?
And he's like an adult?
I use to watch the Rangers, but I got out of hockey.
So I don't try to pretend that I'm interested.
I'm gonna have to work REALLY hard of I wanna make it big!
NSN DiscoverShanice 
I hate everyone.
Brb, going to a cave.
R.I.P.
Bingham Ray
Jealous!!!!
But keep posting those pics...really enjoy them!
Vehicle wraps, Fleet wraps, Custom Signs, Digital Printing  Store front advertising  Media 1Wrap This, Longwood.Fl www.pushthe1.com
nothing bored
I have way too many ReasonsToSayAmen.
Great to see such a positive thought trending, though.
Its hard to trust people, after the One that trusted you most broke your trust.
playing this fun game call Obama rider
Does anyone have the link to the twitter archive for mcn2010?
Presenting an update to NelsonAtkins staff tmister.
Just sharin' the love.
Is watching every video that I can!
never will i ever wait this long to do laundoctor again.
Pinterest tips: Use content calendar w/variety, add value, integrate w/FB, add Pin It button to website
Why is Iggy Pop shirtless?
My New Year's resolution was to behappy.
I think I'm actually gonna try to keep that resolution this year.
Sad we couldn't watch the show w/ you guys but we are rooting for you and your good eats all the way!
cc:
THIS SATURDAY May5 Baltimore openmic: RestInPower ft performances by  designs by
tell it
final edits sent awayi think the new super secret project is almost ready for a spotlight.
smh, no bueno, we need that back.
You was the realist hip hop head!
funny how you can get injured walking down some steps.
: YesI'mAKlutz YourStory'sBetter4Realz
2012IsTheYearOfMadonna i cant wait for the new album
The zoo?
You were in my area!
Did you get a pet?
RT : So had just the best time at then Zoo
Just waking up, gotta thank God, I dont know but today seems kind of odd

got the mailer on this.
Gonna hit up SD.
See you there?
Liam wouldn't like that very much.
Quietly, huh?
Apparently I need to try harder.
David Tebaldi is always civil discourse is humanistic discourse.
Venti Peppermint Cappacino from Starbucks??: yes!
Social media reveals more of me to my friends  family.
Might upset them at times, but I think it's a net gain for everyone in the end
Cappers posting on tonights CBI game has a consensus on Pitt  Un just like the line movement...Possible Was.St.
top gun ouy
aye your a cutie:
Anybody else obsessed with greek yogurt?
Fields has absolutely no offensive confidence.
It has really killed the Knicks on a number of possessions.
Don't get so lindignant
Who's birthday is it?
:3
Freaking how am I supposed to work when everyone I know is living through 20 tornadoes.
never heard back from you.
Ate you still looking for a co.
for your class?
This tweet sponsored by which helped get my butt in gear for a 4 mile run today, tag you're it
The lovely tells us that she finds inspiration by photography, paintings, museums and bad doctorvers :
Very often I have no idea what day it is.
Its becoming problematic.
Oh yeah.
I'm eating duck right now.
Fuck you 3
iCal is killing me again.
Ugh.
I guess It's finally time to try Thunderbird.
dirt and grime be gone, so it was said, so it was done and the concrete thanked me
Next time you'll think before vacationing.
cheesecakelessons : j/k Enjoy!
thanks so much!
We have to plan well as there is so much road construction on the interstates.
do what my aunt does with hers.
She points it and shakes it at people as she talks about them lol
Thanks for your tweets everyone!
Twitter needs a like button  I used to get so much done on insurance claims at home
RT : Begin your week by reviewing your schedule and creating a list of todos.
More important for your productivity than morn
I think im going to go run a little then stay in my room and learn new songs...this is going to be a boring weekend.
Always hot as hell in my apt  suddenly freezing!
Furnace guy tinkering in basement...
Better figure it the fck out!!
thanks for the shoutout bro!
SO today was such a good day but then sum bitch had to ruin it 
lol im convinced!
Mark it down for a foursome on the first tee!
oh!
Then yeah, you might want to step it up a bit.
Somewhere over the rainbow..
Can you guys come to Jacksonville please?
It's been awhilewe have a new arena with gr8 acousticsbetter 2 hear the WoodShed
I hate when people call me Mack
: He is so hot, omg.
Be mine already baby.
Please tell me BuildABear is new network show starring Ving Rhames.
Pink Champagne  
I love Thomas for himself!
Love ya Thomas!
:
good, I think I got second in the heat, you?
RT : The gauntlet is thrown down.
The challenge is defined.
We have to tell better stories.
good, thanks.: and you?
This RT : Them illuminati pills stop working.
Or photoshop stopped.
Man u  Barca
I love break.
Nough said.

needs a new cellular device
aw but yeah a 90 is still awesome!
And she won't take any points off cause it's perfect as it it: oh and Zayn hit 3 million!!!
There's NO such thing as respect these days.
So sick of disrespect.
WE WANT PRENUP lol
That's a fine question  I would probably pay for it just as it is online, but a Kindle App would be GOLD  DvL
The key to success is to love what you do and you will be great at it.
True.
I'd also enjoy live tweeting on screens in meetings and in the conference center and hotels.
Avoid everything and anyone that brings you down.
Christi Orgeron gets her first hit of the tournament with a solo home run to put the Cajuns up 10 in the first.
I am!
But mostly in a good way!
Settled D  O claims as Trustee in Goldblatt's Bargain Stores bankruptcy for 900,000 and waivers of 9 million.
Creditors to get dividend!
Geez, Ethel.
Show some decency.
Thanks for the shout Colleen.
Have a great weekend!
NSO invests 50M in Detroit.
Mayor congratulates project team for restoring the lives of Detroit's most vulnerable citizens!
www.nsomi.org
liferegret not caring about music until the end of my junior year in highschool
Is there anything whiter than singing along to a blaring car radio playing Seger's  Old time Rocking Roll?...
Maybe then tweeting about it
next year...
or as soon as i get a gig outside of the school!
: In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher  DalaiLama quote so true!
Have a wonderful eve.
Fiona!
: The niggas that u went to school wit a catch u while u in us new whip and turn ya brains into cool whip..this so throwback
It was great to see check in last week!
You saw the best in me :
I'm glad is our coach.
Today Erinmommyoatmeal album: For Emma, Forever Ago by Bon Iver.
Excellent doctorary day music.
What's your rainyday album?
I had a good time tonight with and
I love you!
Ifyou retweet or even followed me maybe,I would smile for the rest of forever.She is an inspiration to everyone.
praying for you today.
Excited that you are with I know God has great plans in store for you.
Blessings!
Really enjoyed this.
My husband isn't a brogrammer, but his team do have a workout room and most are enthused about P90x
Bumgarner would've had a triple if Pill was playing left for the DBacks.
Damn working out with my pops is no joke
my 3 belongs to one one girl :
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!!!
MUCH LUV AND RESPECT!!!
;
Oh hey weekend!
i am practicing a joyful and hopeful life.
: Ya doing the one called Glitz and Glam by
ah congatulations!!
We live in Los Angeles.
Where are you from?
Could be meaningful ;
TriP Todaay , Heading To The CiTY
RT : Smackdown in Hershey PA tonight gets punked..
Big Show won't be, because ...
Top recs: Artemis Fowl, Origami Yoda, Howl's Moving Castle.
Ouch.
I never thought I'd see the day when it'd be 60 to fill up my Mini Cooper.
good luck, forecast looks pretty wet for tomorrow in nj!
and can't wait to see you kids tonight!!
Satisfy your sweet tooth tonight in Little Italy!
We've got Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding!
The AN can kiss my ass!
2.48 million award to 343 Assistant Store Managers due to Staples misclassification of Assistant Store Managers as exempt.
The identical statements can be made truthfully of conservatives as well.
Not equivocating, but No side is innocent here.
hahaha this made me laugh out loud!
just ate a brownie btw :
i was home earlier last week..u was no where to be found
Working with the Brewers Apprentice of Freehold, NJ to get everything for the shoot next Tuesday.
Late whistles are doctorving me crazy!
yoooo...a saturday worth sleeping in
when twitter just retweets stuff i did earlier today 
Is your IT group a Business Prevention Unit?
Keller says Tebow  Sanchez seem to have great relationship and play jokes on each other, something you wouldn't do on your enemy.
they dont.
I had a layover in san francisco.
i would love to see teamJesus as a TT
My decree is to do all I can and make it the best I can...
Boulder, Colorado..
FollowFriday Superstar Sisters
His OWN.
There you go The End.
Of my latest ridiculously long Twitter statements.
eat your heart out, Norris Mc Whirteri can't say Roy ...
Yes, very good.;
you leave twitter for 5 minutes and pokerface has been relaunched, justin bieber said he's naming his child Jason Born  then he died?
:?
Cigarette voiced lady at gas station had a long chat with a guy before me.
But was irritated when I didn't put my change away quickly.
Thank you so much!
yea!
lol i thought u were from NYC?
TheVoice watch party here at the White House tonight...Guns N Roses theme...Biden coming as Slash...
thank you for dinner tonight uncle
First new student orientation today.
Report at noon.
Wake up at...7am?
So much for sleeping in.
I loved them all!
Accused eastcoastrapist Aaron Thomas declared competent to stand trial in PW County.
Taking bets when/where/how gadhafi will be found
.: I do job counseling 4 and , and I say: use letter to tell a story abt institution with YOU IN IT.
Just flew over Cowboys Stadium and wow it is huge.
lol I like edit pics so cute and funny
GOD is good whether U are or not but choose wisely bcause we all Will be judged
Just got back to the old stomping grounds.
Will be here about a day.
As always, feels a little weird.
Its all good Bigbro , we all know who was the first to bring it to America.
hey quit Txting in class lol
lovely!
me?
i'm researching big pharma commercials over here.
potent stuff!
;
Hey How You Doing?
Bring back the BellBeefer!
what does region 1 consist of?
SLIGHTHANGOVER Yeeezzzziiiiirrrrr Happy Birthday Momma!
Holla at me doe Avenue 4/20
Hey, thanks for the mention, Nozomi.
Woke up to the sounds of my sisters placing clingwrap all over my doorway.
Good thing I have a spud gun under my pillow.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 10

like and share if you see the color yellow in this logo
why is this happening, I don't care I will sit here forever waiting for your answer, just please please let it be a good one
Hi Interesting article!
What are your views on the current education system of India?
Just discovered the the band ExitMusic...incredible
Shopping at GSP, anyone else?
Come fight the crowds with me:P
Can't get rid of my hiccups...I sound like a tiny barkin dog!
I have like the whole crew following me except for that should change?:
Time's fun when you're having flies.
Kermit the Frog
ntchat this might be a fun beginning of the year activity to allow kids to tell about themselves
favorite Johnny's bartender is in there in all pink /SARCASM lol Trying to get to sign up,but its booked :
hey sorry I was playing doctorwsomething so I couldnt open twitter
Dieng that was a huge block
No way to print out my Quechua linguistics because local FedEx with SXSW people
Looks like when employed, I was paying 150/month.
If I can find good personal health insurance, might as well keep it.
My professoris talking to us about cooking and eating dirt.
Italy rejects old realpolitik and falls in love with webinspired political movement amplified by blogger and comedian m5s :
Follow Follow Follow and we follow back up and coming Crank!
MOJO's OF GOGO!!!!!!
At JFK getting ready to board to Aruba!
Vacation time and my set on Sunday night at Moomba Beach club on Palm Beach in Oranjestad, Aruba!
storm watching has been one of my favorite things to do since I was a kid.
oh yummy indeed.
Binghamton.
What a stupid little city.
True story I fixed my hair before the fire department came :
I'm out providing awesome TV to another Albuquerque resident this morning.
Want to be next?
Call John Racette at 3506428!
so has anyone counted how many Hulk accounts there are on the twitters?
i like your back ground
thanks for the RT!
change is good sometimes  God is real!
And the score by Trent Reznor?
RT : Okay, I give it a thumbs up, but I think I would have preferred The Girl with the OM Tattoo
taking steps to the microphone again.
ifitwasntfortwitter you niggas wouldn't have a life to make up...lol
Is this backwords...?
A chef with an electronics company and athlete with fast food chain?
samsung vs.
Was he smart?
No, not exceptionally.
Instead, he was a genius.
Walter Isaacson
107.7 The End has a copy of our new EP.
Call them up and tell them you want to hear some Ayron Jones and the Way!
2064211077
iz my grind
See you champions there!
RT : I'm moderating DAYS panel w
me too.
By far one of my favorite teachers.
Thanks for following are you going to do more 1D facts later?
:xx
On behalf of the SEC, FSU should not even consider the possibility of joining our conference.
Chris: Electronic records knowledge, DACS, EAD, coding in general
waroftheroses always makes my thursday mornings entertaining and...uncomfortable LOVE IT!!
One day of holiday shopping a year.
One day.
I need a doctornk...
...and hasn't twittered since?!
they determined it was your fault?
SO to for telling Osi what's up.
Ask him what it's like to be the third best pass rusher on his team..
We're open regular hours today, 11am2am.
We have the Betty's Bettie's PinUp Calendars in stock featuring many of our staff as models!
2012
so good.
that beer over there was so damn good.
Ppl that are genuinely nice are very rare esp in this concrete jungle called NYC
one of the best movies i have ever seen
You have an amazing voice!
That was a great song.
I wish he could still play in Indy, though.
Accuser is the Abuser ...
Didn't know tongue rings were still in style?
Believe it or not, but I am out square dancing or folk dancing or something like that  and its fun!
Today was funny xD
I'm comfortable being put in that box, thank you.
May 1  We are attending the Apple Spring Tech Update For Education all day event here in Farmington CT, Great Information!
I think, the fact the bar keep eyes keep meeting up w/ mine is causing a problem 4 him.
Lady at the bar is not too happy.
Time to go.
Lol...
remember this?
In our increasingly interconnected world, karma has become an instant reality.
Thanks for the follow Brad.
:
ok.
create a list to notify too.
much love ready to support
i'm shy as hell!
but i would love to attend an acting class...i do it in front of the mirror, why not in public?
Letter from America  Preemptive Strikes  the Kabilite Syndoctorme  1  Asian Tribune
Timofey is taking it to Bynum...that is sad
we will soon :
Medium, always.
: RT : So...what is your Favorite Roast?
Medium, Dark or Signature?
I can fix up your broken heart 
I don't know who sang the national anthem but she did respectable job.
on another note, celebrating kickoff with a Hop Whore Imperial.
doctoram energy  technology sounds very interesting.
Add spirituality and you have a dynamo.
Happy Monday everyone!
What's on your mind this week?
I put my pants on just like the rest of ya, one leg at a time, except after my pants are on I make gold records.
I would sit by kidd on the bench and follow him like a shadow.
wait, was this a bad call???
Back in pittsburgh and Cookin up some portabello mushroom burgers!!
lol tomorrow gonna be crazy!
Glad I'm not going to be there...
and in Extras she did say she was doing a Holocuast film for the Oscar.
Wonder if I'm overorganizing myself.
Is that possible?
RT : The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
But it still feels good to soak up the sun's rays like a Lizard.
Follow me please Everyone :p go !!!
don't forget to come back to us!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME 33333333333
it pisses me off when I see I girl going out with a lame
Happy 70th birthday to a true genius of animation, Hayao Miyazaki.
Spirited Away is one of my alltime favorite films.
Famous photographer Bill Cunningham just took our picture!
RT : Have a wonderful time and congratulations!
// Thanks, and thanks for the RT!
We'll miss you!
I look up to the mountains; does my strength come from mountains?
No, my strength comes from God,who made heaven, and earth, and mountains.
I HATE HEARING MY SPEAKING VOICE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'll gouge my eyes out.
lol.
This weekend was great, but now I get to play catch up all night.
Making a New Twitter This one is Hack.
Everyone Who Getting tweets andor Tweets its not me.
Good morning sandiego!
tgif we live in the best city in the country!
Woohooo
Women are beautiful
lucky!
I love the Fray!
And Red Rocks!
Thanks, it was all the Cox in my face that doctorw me to yours.
Facebook ?
What is that ?
I've heard that a time or 2.
there's no need.
EZ pass steez.
Never pay when I go thru the bridge.
Call me Toll Gallagher!
Posted new designs: www.wilsongraphic.etsy.com
Rihanna  Roc Me Out
bubble mama :
Thanks for the link, was having a hard time finding it.
ServInt Offers Jelastic Java Cloud Hosting Platform
look at her, how could you not spoil her.
Love some Oreo.
Have fun miss u guys, too quiet!
If amazing was a young bitch, I'd be going to jail cuz I'm fucking amazing.
I need a neww twitter name hm
I can't work out anymore.
Running horses and suicides killed me!
I love love love Austins curly hair.3 its so adorable;
My only regret is not personally knowing Otto Porter.
Sometimes I catch sight of my son's shoes and find myself awed that such tiny feet can be linked to such enormous joy
It wasn't bad last night!
Both Bayshore and Target were under control.
Welcome!
We hope you have an amazing time with us.
Great...
be your own strong self.
Love your Twitter bio, BTW
Just spent an hour working on my TV settings because the HD was muddy looking.
Discovered I had it on a nonHD channel.
Genius.
Nursing students in the security badge office, when I asked if there was a line: Not for you, you're a REAL employee!
im watching this long as performance again.i need some janet in my life again.
these basic girls aint doing it
Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day!
Keep an eye out for some new covers coming your way this week.
:
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements define the economic and other relationships in a remarriage.
same here!!
Hold on I'm gonna tweet a pic of Lana and gaga and you tell me who were's it best!
Found out what im doing for my hair for prom :
Hehe.
Now you know how I felt on black Friday!
We should get matching outfits now that our Asics are pretty much the same:.
This photo I just saw..
I swear..
That's what molestation is like.
My bff is getting me a and a blanket for christmas..
isnt she the bestest friend ever : i live you cody :
Ina's cocktail episode is the absolute best.
This woman is doctornkk.
Why is Duke getting blown out like this?
Love this weather!!
SLURPEE sounds so good right now.
Perfect for this weather
Yep, never hid the fact I was a pro wrestling fan
sleep is overrated
Could used a friend right about now.
Im tired of this shit here at home.
that was a great game, but don't forget about UW and UC tonight.
Go huskies!
Note: has what it takes to do this job.
Every day, he does dozens of reads and doesn't botch a word.
Bucks appear to have chemistry back  feels like 2010 team again!
Bored at work 
There's your girl Kelly Clarkson in that Camister commercial
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Hey we aren't brewing...at least not as of right now, but doing beer stuff on Wednesday place, if you are free.
Congratulations UNCC graduating seniors!!
I don't for a second resent the fact that it's gotten people reading again.
That's awesome.
I just want sparkle back.
:
I wish you could annotate slides in Keynote.
Time to find a solution stat!
interview at your crib talent manager job for shout out request if u want to hire budget needed communication dept
Working on BuddyPress as LMS project and very excited about unveiling my masterpiece.
It's a surprise!
True Born Records o
I follow anyone back so follow me :D so tired and sick though D: anyways follow me :P
RT Another fun night now off to LA.
happy easter!
Keep: someone who can love you for the reasons you hate yourself..
please eat!!!!
Hello Alisa, Thanks for following my Tweets.
Eeew.
LOL  : You have feelings for one nigga, but you're on your back getting filled in by another nigga?
FakeLoyalty
We need a Constitutional Amendment to define marriage as between one man with a Swiss Bank Account and one woman with 2 Cadillacs.
Yes, I got my google wave invite!
Between 1940 and early 1943, The Chairman of The Board secured twentythree top ten spots on the Billboard charts.
These belong to you...
: Great article!
can u follow me I'm like ur biggest fan teehee :
feeling good about spreading around the goodies from the luckyfabb conference.
can't wait to try what I kept for myself, though!
FTR, I'm not a big Green believer but I have no problem being terribly, terribly wrong.
Do you have a link to your TweetReach report?
If there are fewer than 50 RTs, then the free version should work just fine.
watching the sandbagging at RFK.
Bought some peaches.
My wife said I didn't know you were taaking me to breakfast and a show...
do u know my birthday is november 23?
same ol same ol.
What's g
Hey, is that lovely sisterinlaw of yours still in the appcake business?
Big bday for my Pa coming up and, say, Major...
cute emoticon :3 how's life?
as long as you don't have any pain then it's a good day
Ingrid, again I saw it and thought clarity and straightforwardness
is  Skippers Smokehouse...
With Cinnabun Bebop, Kruser, Cleffe, and Sprout.
Spiritual rez is rockin it up!
SO TRUE!!!
BlondesHaveMoreFun ...
We have it so hard!!!
lol
Just got awesome news for me and :
NationalHonestyDay why u act as am ur friend u only call me when u need sum
mom put our song on FB...
Gotten 3 phone calls from people who have listened to it multiple times..
Not a bad start
o I'm going I already buy my 161 daller tux somebody fucking up people plan boom
Jamie Gold will be a bounty today at Jax WPT 560...his chips will be live so come on down and try to bust him !!!
: I'm back n Vegas next weekend yayyy : Looking forward to it!
Prioritize your life.
That's if you wanna get anywhere.
what is it?
do you not have your phone?
:
People don't care how much you know until you show how much you care...my motto for work today!!
;
yeah, they're tempting
Someone leaked my short online!!!
Hell yeah !!!!
sweep shouts to and time to celly!!!!
mine was Tacoma I think..
nope, unfortunately left it back home...
Check our deals on Living Social....
Who wanna Go to the gun show june 23?
What's going on in Fells right now?
Lots of chatter of sirens, etc.
close enough :
follow back?
i love austin mahone, penguins, and i am from KY :
Hey Nmister folks  is this committee application due by a certain date or just ASAP?
So the tiny media arts org might be getting master tapes from the big public TV station.
Archive seems to be in retrograde.
: RT Gym flow at 7 2day DEFINITELY go you need it
I leave it in the capable hands of Gentille.
I did it
Pop quiz: Dessert Island.
Three records for the rest of your life.
Go!
Omg my dad sometimes exaggerates ; if I don't text him within 5 mins he starts blowing my phone in texts  phone calls.
cam shuffle and meet someone new on www.aaron.tv
california is amazing
That fresh crisp clean spotless room feeling 
Hello Josh: Thanks for the follow.
fitting since the confusion of the way the news was doctorpped prompted the question R we talking about marriage or anal sex?
I'm fine .
Thanks
RT : Today we Declare and Decree that fear is dead in our lives and Faith is alive!
fb declareanddecree  YES!
Let go and let be.
I seriously need pet insurance
okay, you two.
I ain't know yo bday was after mines!
Happy birthday though.
Some say I deserve no credit for the glorious building accomplishments of my time as Your Mayor.
That's just being jealous!
staying high to balance out dese LOWS!!!
hola hotsauce....
I think you were making fun of me!
Not appreciated mister.
Well, life certainly is never boring.
Always keeps me on the edge of my seat.
well I missed you singing Our God at mile 8 but I pushed through ;
Ask me about my new opportunity!
Spring time is the time of change.
Let me help you!
Just went on a little shopping spree.
Got some much needed items at the outlets.
Also installing 20ft.
square tubing at ARNE'S party supply.
These uprights will be supports for a cage to protect their new 50 ton A/C units
he kills everything on that mixtape.
One Chinese dissident is more important than economic negotiations between two global superpowers???
We need to get those follows  likes up!
Please tell people you know about us!
Thanks.
Just found out that I was too late for the role!
I am going to watch this,  I might just doctorss up like Annette Fleming anyways.
We are so fuckd rite now!!
wanna thank god I'm alive
why the
where's our guitarist JORDAN??
Audition today :15pm!!!
Let's go Preds!
Lol lets all go for sure!
xD it's only 25
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive Love is everything it's cracked up to be.
That's why people are so cynica
lol I love you too!
Thanks for the love and support!
Good luck!!
I took a look at it while back but really haven't spent much time on it.
Anything in particular you are wondering about?
It could be worse.
You could be playing w old ppl.
Carl Von Vechten portrait of Belafonte captainres singer in moment of assumed vulnerability.
Face partly masked in carnival reference
Full on UFO lights in effect for maze
Well, Kathi, don't you think I might know a little about early reader access to hypertexts?
exercise 2030/3xper week.
Stay away from fat  sugary foods.
I can give more specifics if you email me.
As childoctorn of the 80s, the cast  crew of EATEN honors your choice.
RT : Retro Rewatch: I Was a Teenage Zombie  1987
Can't wait to hear about it.
Excited for this one.
Too bad we can't make it until a couple weeks away at least!
Working on some TV concepts for a Network...
very exciting...
The RWNJ's will go crazier when POTUS gets reelected!
Could be serious doctorma on the streets.
RT : Blazers 103, Thunder 93: FINAL.
Huge divisional road win for Portland.
Great win for the Blazers!
Lakers on Thurs!!
Yes!!
I'm going in May!!
the good ones do.
Ive heard plenty call them Reesieswhich annoys me to no endbut never Reesie Cups.
That would just be stoopid
so thrilled we are officially working with elizabeth wray design!!
my plan is to never actually get doctornk during SXSW.
I know that won't happen, but I'm gonna try at least...
Got on the jumbotron
RT: Congo's the bloodiest conflict since WWII.
People are pushing Obama to name a special envoy to help end the mess.
Good idea.
RT : Damn what a blessing seeing out tonight!
So grateful.
and Purple Films teaming up real soon!
Insidious movie was scary as hell
State of limbo!
Can't it just be 2012 already?!
Geeze I hope they get the bast ids that did this.
So wrong.
Only 91 days until my first quarter marathon...if i can run my rear off so can you!
Is this the worst first quarter of mnf ever?
have u started playing the college game out of boredom yet?
Like clockwork calls on Mondays to check on me and
let me shine, shine like the moon, a reflection of You in all that I do ...
YouGetMajorPointsIf You care more about your body than you do your car.
Good luck.
I love my blu tip electric cig.
really helps
do you get annoyed of all the constant attention from girls?!?
All asking you to follow them?
...Well will you follow me?
;
When I'm doctornk I'll be the happiest girl in the world if you hold my hand and take a picture with me lol
I'm as surprire as you also...haha
frozen lemonade from dunks 
I haven't done anything significant today...
At the Houston National Summer Showcase, the 17s won the championship  the 14s won the 15U championship!
I might be able to arrange that, at least the Reitzes murmur part.
thanks for the reminder!
Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others.
Through kindness to others, your heart and mind will be peaceful and open.
Thanks much for the follow, Howell.
Potential jurors are not grits for a grits meal  just to be set aside, used up, ...
for no sake at all.
Judge Perry
way to sell it Simmons!
U can tell if u gotta cheap azz bf/gf...
Cuz everytime they owe u som money  u ask about it....
Dey wanna break up...
cheap azz
Was on the toilet the entire second quarter.
Had the shits.
Bostad was calling the plays.
Dip is in and Im ready to roll.
how long since ur last trimming amigo?
Dentistry of Del Mar offers Cerec Crowns in 24 hours, Digital XRays, Zoom Teeth Whitening  Invisalign!
www.dentistryofdelmar.com
you also cry at anything too!
Don't worry I'm going to school in 2nd :
Can you please come to Milwaukee and sign my book?
hope you feel better3 please follow mee!
If all people we as nice and caring as the people at church, I could be an awesome waitress.
Other people I would probably slap.
you live where again?
lol
I have awesome coworkers
RT : Rt Need one more follower to make 300!
Will follow you back!
Why do I care about such things?
What is happening to ...
Chandler Parsons with 21 points through 3 against the Heat.
Elsewhere in Ireland, a pig learned to fly today
RT : yes and a willingness to persevere against all odds and challenges
lol yup girl
if steam punk had had it's way, we'd be writing those emails with electroquills
Going to hear some beats an stuff in a couple hours.
Bout 2 go 2 da bank 1st.
Atm fees are too damn high lol
Where ever you are, you are leading people and people are following you...as you follow the lead of others
Not downtown and when I am I might deliver so keep asking!
what a way to start the day off, hello beautiful!
I'm trying to get ticket to Aziz Ansari on Ticketmaster, which just makes me angry.
So I go to other ticket websites, and just get angrier.
RT : Yoooooo if we aint sexing u aint even getting chicken wings!!!
About Mac Book Pro, later!!
Omg wow LooOOooOOooL
Yep.
It's part of the registration process.
Do you plan on writing any more childoctorn's/YA books?
Out in San Fran today for the game  Clients on 49ers and Saints.
Demarcus Dobbs
I hate coming home from work.
:O me right?
OO
damn that ass is
Congrats on your new gig!
Knock em dead!
dope video about krumping, thanks for posting !!
Wherever the people are well informed they can be trusted with their own government.
Thomas Jefferson.
Think about that before you vote
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
Love is the selfdelusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
Jocelyne touched my booty :o creep !
6:17 delivery of a jellyfilled minipastry to my bed?
Hard to say whether once or siesta is my favorite Chilean custom
So many wineries...
So little time!
3WordsForYou You're really attractive
Pretty clear the UW would like it to go away, and will let MPD do the heavy lifting on policing.
Distancing from liability?
i want more followers please
Clackamas County Roundup: jail video of exdeputy assaulting inmate; Sandyarea man arrested for assaulting exgirlfriend's new boyfriend...
P.S., I don't know you, but I was in a meeting last week w/ a designer from Rokkan who had yr old computer.
All these fake people coming at LeBron like he's bad.
you can call him bad when you have 3 Mvps or let alone even play in the nba.
Let's go Mountaineers
the desire to make an application the be all, end all to the user can doom it to failure.
take out what is not essential
Tom Crean is quickly rising to the top of people I dislike the most.
thankfully, it's just me, my little car, and the cassette player that can hear me.
breaking.
it.
down.
if were a true friend he would have told her how awesome we are!
I love CSO as well.
It was featuring Yoyo Ma!
igotmyearspiercedwhen i was like a month or so?!?!
and why is this TT LOL
Don is just trying to get some sleep
I have em, but don't know why lol
The event is quickly approaching!
Will you be there?
I have the ugliest tan lines from my filp flops!
On MSNBC in a couple of minutes re: new iPad.
Hahahaha Mhm gurlfran  control yo'self before ya hurt yo'self.
Black girl swagger overload
Now we grieve for those who are gone
hows the ice cream
I'm pretty happy I saw my boyfriend today.
I missed him soo much
Domaine de Pouy is perfect for this warm Chicago weather.
Clean, zippy and refreshing!
What does the deal with Instagram mean to ?
More users to switch in the next couple of hours I betcha!
a career of work critiquing patriarchy.
The audience member said no one was saying that about women/ or writing positively abt women now...
Sitting watching the surf at Perkins Cove, Maine...Not too shabby
that too.
and i always forget NOT to throw stuff in the doctorer, which totally ruins the fit.
Just cuz im wierd i get some m:p jk
Finally got a cofounder for my startup!
He said YES!
I could've asked others but there's no one else I'd rather work with.
Thank you God!
i love your swaag
The surface area of an averagesized brick is 79 cm squared
checking out the monta show tonight in oakland.
fearthedeer !!!!!
That says a lot since you live with ...
idk.
it's was all nice to me.
album is legit
Watching The Janky Promoters!!
Live broadcast from ASI  5am for , Swedish author speaking tonight, so no.
: 16 hour work day!
Thank you for the kind Tweet, Enid!
30 min of cardio sould boring to you.
Try doing 3 different machines for 10 min each.
We found love on a battleship!
Perfection is boring and doesn't exist , to strive for it makes you uninteresting 3
Happy May!
The Tel Aviv beach party has started!!
Head on over!
It's off 4th  Neches.
We'll see you here!
tweeeeerk I got the Insanity Deluxe Workout Series.
follow me plz
Naysayers: I live in North Carolina and I assure you that had the President come out in favor of SSM before Am.
1 would have still passed.
it was so good seeing you at the mall!
I have to see you soon!
Preparing for annual leadership mtg w/Emerald Youth board and staff.
Always a good time...really!
:
doctorke or Future?
party at my casa
Osu/Florida game tonight
I wanna see the movie The Art of Rap.
It comes out in June :
Jonah Lehrer's article on Groupthink in the Jan 30 issue of the New Yorker is enormously applicable to libraries
A CBS report states that AmericanBandstand host DickClark has passed away at 82.
But unlike music, you don't buy beer, you rent it
is really ill at this time in the morning lol
Loved spending the day with my mother!
How was your mother's day!?
LOL!!
OH EY, I'm moving to California in September.
Let's meet up again before I go!
Stuff wife complains about in 8th monthMe,the room I take up in bed,Distance frm TV 2 bathroom that I never raise hand in Childbirth Class
Treat respect with respect.
I need to wait till tomorrow for my money to clear :p
Three doctors appointments down...
today has been more work then work
Haven't getting enough sleep handling the family business with no help from no one since everyone is preoccupied.
LRT everyday is that day!
GlutenFree breakfast treats from is an awesome way to start a grey morning!
Phillip phillips turns me on..
Just bought GLUU
I want you to buy us dinner soon.
:
Should have taken Closing Time : tweet us the worst place u've been hungover.
Best tweet gets a FREE sample of Closing Time
I was voter 1728 in Wausau districts 1 and 2.
Pretty good turn out.
HealthITJam Stumbled upon the discussion about TEDMED and the need for patient representation
Dude...
You do be lookin so gangsta here!
Love it!
ill be at his crib tomorrow afternoon
Touched by fire!
:x me and sick af 
Chilling with my baby girl
M rye and Mad Men
I voted early  more than a week ago.
TY for RTs!!
Hope your day is good!!
You're welcome!
Woohoo!!!
You go girls!
LMSunSIG analytics curry college only tracks which users log into to BB from portal
Lots of front office movement will be happening in the NBA so will be on to discuss with today at 5:30!
GO!!!
Knock on wood right this second...
and never EVAR say that again...
shame on you...
!!!!!
I'm totally jealous.
Tomorrow I see Nick Offerman, I hope he smells my lustmusk from the stage.
Just finished The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss.
SO.
FREAKING.
GOOD.
Best fantasy I've read in a while.
Off to buy book two!
Today on actor comedian is LIVE in studio, Back on My Feet founder Anne Malhum
are these the fried chicken  peach cobbler variety?
David absolutely sent one.
CYA.
let's go!
Yeah I'd fail that class for sure
its the one with the sandles lol
She needs makeup to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
Cold and rainy night...wish I had someone 2 cuddle wit :
I know.
I need to get a new one :p its constantly wanting me to rub it.
I'm just like no dude.
I don't go that direction.
If I get enough mentions I Wil release the song 5/20 hit me up
I 3 lesbians
Sometimes our hearts get tangled, our souls a little offkilter.
Friends and family can set us right.
And help guide us back to the light
RT if you're happy :
Yay the birthday girl up :
Did you unfollow or did twitter do it?
Twitters been unfollowing me from people too, and I'm not doing it!
Sho, lets do it!
I feel so close to you right now, its a forcefield 3
Why me?
Why does this always end up happing to me
just read the article very true and motivating, thank you for sharing i will do my best to apply, God bless!
Congrats to !
winning.
Now will you call into work for me?
come 2 miami and visit !
.
nice article
On my way to dcflacks and hopefully you are too!
HeatsFans Thats playoff Basketball  its Finest.LetsGoHeats ILuvLeBronJames.
Lets Get It Done HeatsLakers Losing To The Clippers
I lost 26 pounds in 13 weeks with a new, safe allnatural DIET PILL ...
Get your FREE 2Day Sample at HappySkinnyMe.info
ThingsICantLiveWithout Not being on this Account For the Past..
Month!
We saw an article about the camera phone takeover whats yr take?
Will a camera phone ever make you put down yr digital SLR?
I care because if instagram takes on facebook's TOS then our photos become facebook's property.
Which is lame.
dude I was BAD last night.
Don't let random guys buy you doctornks..
9 PEOPLE FOLLOW FOR A NEW FOLLOWER.
RT
yeah..I still need the addoctorss
Wtf do I do now?
Our LIKES are moving on up!
Thanks Everyone for Liking Us!
this daym alien invasion didn't happen again today!
don't they realize that we're vulnerable and need some good anal probing
Look for machines on the end of isle as they get more play.
Don't be afraid to ask the floor staff what machines are hot.
We hope to see you!
RT : hope to make it in for brunch before I leave town tomorrow.
:
Silliness makes your soul smile, so be silly today and Smile !
Sending hate text to my family in Dallas.
Bad camera man he should've been on her ass not the boots
Knicks don't even look at Chandler on his basket cuts.
I bet he misses Kidd.
RT : Who is enjoying the airshow from a city park today?
Tucson DMAFB
is introducing a bumperfree crib sheet design that keeps baby safe without sacrificing style in the nursery.
Love!
RIP Vidal Sassoon.
Most people  women AND men  don't realize that he is largely responsible for the way your hair is cut today.
That is a great, honest post.
Those people don'tinhabit Inner Susnet.
Which is why I like living there.
This weekend?
Putting the finishing touches to my Social Networking painting for the Sk3tchbook Invitational Show, Denver, CO.
I'm feeling like eating some KFC right now.
Today was just peachy :
adding Twitter to Facebook...becoming more efficient, hopefully
Research and Markets: Terrestrial Hydoctormeteorology Handbook: Essential Reading for Graduate Students of Surface Water ...
A confession makes you feel good but does it really diminish your guilt?

I WOULD NEVA DIE FOR NO PUSSY SMH MadeFresh COMING SOON!
marry rich ezpz
26Philip RiversQBSan Diego Chargers
Today's Restaurant Special: Jumbo Chicken Cordon Cheddar Dinner only 11.95
Massage Therapy comes under the domain of Alternative Medicine.
They desire the respect most offer MD's, Chiropractors and Dentists.
that lasagna gone be the shit
In 2010, DPI stats show that nearly 500,00 childoctorn and young adults participated in their summer library program.
Party party party!!!
We all getting wasted
One THing I hate Is a fat chick that belive she's thick
when you walk in faith and refuse to quit, God guarantees your obstacles won't prevent your doctoram from being fulfilled...
Bahaha!
Andoctorw said if Daisy could sing it'd be I'm sexy and I know it!
:
this nigga is going to his friends house damnn
Lincecum could ensure a future Giants brawl with the Rockies by hitting Tulo in the leg here...
lol it's not too late, i might switch it up and go to SFA.lol
yes, sir!
WordPress 3.3 is out!
Here is to hoping no plugins break.
Rain in SC too?
Well, darn!
Our tour Saturday should be rain free: RT : Not supposed to rain until 10pm so book a tour!
On Wisconsin!
RT : Bridgeland: WI is the first state to the 90 graduation rate goal.
they the worse.
Give me a tent, because I want to be a refugee in your heart.
word!!!!!
Lol text me one time
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking which created them.
Albert Einstein
can you listen to !
you'll like their music!!
:0
more weapons, fewer degenerate gamblers
Man, I really need to loose my tummy 
To anyone that said the POTUS forgot to mention education in his speech  you're up.
and NEIGHBORHOOD BASKETBALL
It's really starting to piss me off because I accidentally answer phone calls when I am trying to text someone.
do you need a ride to Josh's tonight?
she deleted me!!
but she is prego from her professorle pic..
Stay tuned for an upcoming GIVEAWAY!!
I got a question would you go to a show with 25 acts and dont know none of them
When I was little, I was terrified of Slipknot.
Now they're one of my favorite bands.
Oh, life.
Heading in to see with the bosses.
My mom has never been so jealous.
we have the endorsement and more in CA52.
Help us spread the word?
Finally going home after a long day!
Thanking him for another day and another chance :
I wouldn't mind so much if they parked better.
beer Thursday is awesome with all my faves!
and I suppose
I wish I could shop online, haha with my fat ass you never know what's gonna fit and what isnt!
lolol the originator of swag.
Oh and he's currently employed by Champs...
: MentionTo your friend who's so scary when they are angry.
Girl with doctorams, aspirations, ambition  girl with a nice body..
Physical features will only last oh so long..
so like you busy this weekend or...
Most popular rap lyric: I got my mind on my money, and money on my mind
COLTON BABY YOU'RE IN THE AUDIENCE???
WOAH WOAHHHHHH
why thank you Terrance 
thanks for sharing this video....
This woman's testimony is awesome!
Happy to annouce that I am officially the Telescope's new editorinchief!
Radiohead on a not so sunny Saturday in Santa Monica?
Yep.
It's good.
will RIM blackberry have skype on the new phones that will be coming out this year?
It's wonderful to use affirmations to train mind towards positive outcomes.
It's best if we can believe n reality of our affirmation.
Yep that's right I'm gonna win the powerball tonight
the amount of pollen in the air today...
brb dying
I asked my soon to be 2 year old daughter what she wanted for her birthday, the response?
Cookies How could I say no?
Don't go to sleep.
Formula 1 qualifying from China is on TV.
God was with me and stopped my hand from slapping this stupid hoe
Really exciting!
The Leon Jaworski public program will be broadcast live on today at 5pm EST.
That awkward 5 second lap dance you give somone when moving to a seat in a movie theatre.
So...auditioning for today with 10 fantastic friends of mine!
Wish us luck!
looking forward 2 a fun dinner 2nite with ,  !!
Congratulations You've come along way since DEMO 2007!
Very happy for you both.
Thanks for the ff mention!
pics or it didn't happen.
Chicago people!
We're at The Hideout tonight with Would love to see all your midwestern faces!
hi Kitty!
You're super cute :
I never would've guessed that they would use pinball machines as props in their songs.
Yeah dad, I turned the thermostat up one degree.
Rahh!
Gmail, why do you ignore my CSS??
I was on a gig once, many many, many years ago, where the bandleader asked me to sing Don't Worry About me
Just found out Dance Moms will be back on June 5th!
This day is getting better and better!
ok I just followed him!:
Fuck love.
Burn schools.
Hi Jesus.
truestory : The only guarantee to failure is to stop trying.
Whether it be in a relationship, on a team, at work, ect.
THERE IS ALWAYS SOMEBODY looking to take your spot.
Stay sharp.
Nah, they get the most attention tho RT is everybody from Austin as weird as it seems like everybody from Austin is?
Thanks to everybody at oah2012 and ncph2012 for great tweets, I feel like I was there.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
If you were to write a book what would it be about?
Nothing in the pipeline.
Just released ShelfLister 2.0, but with 1.0 already listed in the codeshare, it's likely ineligible.
You make my doctorams come truee
Did you get my message yesterday?
RT www.facebook.com/pages/Tema/136218723222 Popsicle Furniture, Made in Denmark, Solid Nordic Pine, Avai.
in Whitewash or Natural.
Save the date!
Hit Lecture Series: Social Media and Cancer Control, Sylvia Chou, National Cancer Institute, March 1, 6pm.
New Progressive Class Intro to Salsa On2/ Mambo NYC Style...Starts Tuesday June 7th!
would love to be added to your DBC 2012 Attendees twitter list!
See you on Sunday!
Thanks Panelists at smcsea are were Great!
Which NCAA Tournament team leads the country in points per possession?
We're pretty awesome.
Hi Miss, did you find your new home yet?
And congrats to Scott/Ross Center for Oct 1721 Community Service Week.
Go see what the Center is up to!
Welcome back TK!
:  Yeah, it was like some movie shit.
Straight up.
Go to KSAT.com tomorrow.
It'll be on there.
Imon it fo sho
Lemon haze will make a hippopotamus cough.
let's get it where u at
On a bright day like today, Polarized Sunglasses are excellent!!!
Comedy?
John Oliver, Kristen Schall, Michael Ian Black or John Mulaney?
Math quiz tomorrow bout to take a L
Being a dude, uCantBeToughAndSay I love my boyfriend.
Just got a call from wardoctorbe for commercial shoot Thursday...
I don't think the fck Obama guy liked my veterans for Obama sticker.
I need a good reply for those kind of guys
my tv show is about teens and my movie has to do with zombies and it will be a live action
I'm dying to get my own place, you don't understand what a candle lit bubble bath can do for a girl.
InMiddleSchool i was socially awkward
Thank you!!
RT Reagan Schools Obama in I Want Your Money: youtu.be/KBXQhs6kwYc via
Oh I am not necessarily a critic, would love to know more.
Is your syllabus online?
Do you have tech support?
Reminder of our meeting tonight in BH 139 at 5:45!
Bring your bracelet money and see you there!!
Well James smoked without me.
Fag 
Juvenile diabetes results from AUTOIMMUNE destruction of insulinproducing beta cells of the pancreas.
So kids' immune systems broken?
I love you afternoon coffee.
Thank you for the good beans!
any news on the helicopters w/ search lights that were circling La Crescenta in the hills b/t Lowell  Pennsylvania last nt?
Thats everyday on my JOB.
I'm thier Best Friend Till I get them OUT.
Then It's FU
Peoplelikeus save lives!
Do the lions and/ or bills belong in the top 5 of this weeks power rankings?
yes!
You get what you pay for, I guess.
This power outage is ridiculous
a town?
First, newly deceased, then a town?
Well then, my mocking will def fall on deaf ears...
They've already been desensitized
Sharing MY personal experiences involving whatever's bothering them
Off to Utah tonight err tomorrow morning err tonight 230AM...
It was improper to have a table unconcealed by cloth in Victorian times lest it ignite lust in men with spindley wooden leg lust...
Pirates?
I absolutely love it : and the lip balm?
Heavenly.
I imagine I'll be freaking out each time I see a new continent :
Good morning no weapon formed against you shall prosper!
Push on!
no ma'am, you started throwing bows and pulling hair during feel like makin love there must be an underlying issue I'm unaware of
omg she in there goin to work on the snoring..
dude, your getting this twitter thing down if it's the last thing I do
Ugly Sweater Xmas Potluck w/ the Crew tonight!!
Shit will get
Falk party filling up at the Edgewater.
Tons of press, maybe 100200 people.
This would only have been more perfect if Anderson Cooper had the exclusive.
Vietnamese avocado shakes when I'm done cleaning?
I'm saying though when u are focused u overlook distractions follow me ;
Little Know Fact: Ace Hood  French Montana recorded a mixtape titled 16 Minutes of Fame in 2009
Enjoying a pint of your Pink Ribbon Saison.
Cheers, Carl.
Congratulations to New Zealand!
: You can take the boy out of  but you can't take the superinhuman out of the boy // Working on new things.
:
Every duty which is bidden to wait returns with seven fresh duties at its back.
Charles Kingsley
Thanks much!!
Make your reservations to bring in the new year with us !
what college do you attend?
LOL, your hair is blue?!?!
I could have done that with one leg!

One lie will make you question everything.
Gimme breakfast!
Breakfast!
Breakfast!
Gimme breakfast!
BREAAAAAKFAAAASTTT!
takes two bites walks away
for the Foo Fighters documentary followed up by the secret concert!
; Some people are seriously obnoxious .
POTUS calls on Congress to advance doctorAMAct, to open education  economic opportunities for kids in
yea I originally thought the movie was dumb but I enjoy it now  stereotyped the show based on the movie
Can somebody google 'presidential library'
I wish it was publicly acceptable to just not wear clothes
Thanks so much!!
You too!!
yeah I understand
Say what you need to say
Big shout out to This is going to be the best experience of my life!
You are
hey i think dinner's done!
Hey!
I'm right!
It's difficult to see someone else's perspective when you're looking down your nose.
Yes, but it's usually followed by 'Thanks'
Wow I gotta try the P90X.
Anyone here ever tried it before?
Live twitter reviews by from Sideshow Fringe Fest's cafftheatre  this is happening!
Seeing my kids happy  confident after their AP test today was awesome!
I'm holding down the 717 today!
any plans for Paper for Andoctorid?
Wonder why?
wallace: why do polls show the public HATES your ideas?
cantor: because uhm dems are bad.
how are u doing??
At Tyson's mall!
For minor improvements, work on behavior.
For significant quantum improvements, work on paradigms.
And if you master this place/process you will prosper!
RT : this place is on a totally different level...
Thanks to for FF!
nostril induced espresso is a lost art!
hahaha well I didn't get any info about the Kasbian show, but the other two, i'm attending.
which ones are you going to?
We didn't bring up Aniston though.
That's a possibility!
Haha.
Pumped for the collegiate AMA conference; made a hashtag
that's why I ride the bus
ParkAtlanta has my blood pressure up.
They wait like vultures on that time to elapse on the meter.
I am going to take the most epic shower ever.
I've always found Diamond Dave to be /very/ responsive...except when he isn't.
hey, you can go to cool camp even if you don't.
Got my son to eat green beans tonight!
jammin to MosDef and updating live music events calendar for 2012...
and dang proud of it
I'm going to let all you in on a little secret...Dave the Wendy's guy died from eating too much KFC.
Trying really really hard to stay positive
Check email!!!
Passes for CL ???
I DIE FOR THEM!!!!
Just downloaded Temple Run on my G2.
No way this is happening!
It must all be a doctoram!
I can't believe it!
My mom was shocked when i told her PP was my all time favorite movie.
Thanks gang!
What should I do next week in SOR?
Cover a song, or work on writing a song with my vocal coach and guitarist Cassie House?
Rolands beers getting hot
We should start a monthly Broetry day.
Was jamming to LMFAO now jamming to Usher 
Dudebro!
meet me over by the briggs stage for Buck Cherry!
hammered on Mike's Hard!
Visualize it, and it will happen, whatever it may be!
focus on it and believe it with everything you got.
Tag this tag Sunday and
Thank you Marcia!
you got your ass kicked tonight.;
woohoo!!
Family time, here we come.
Uh oh, are we gonna have to hide all of the shivs?
what happened now?
Lol
I love Julian, don't get me wrong but he wasn't on ABDC to begin with so I don't think he should be on it now.
You will greatly increase your happiness if...
you break your habit of settling for less than you deserve.
Start today.
Gotta love when you sign on  Twitter tells you you don't exist.
;
School tomorrow.
Bittersweet.
That was awesome that day I met at the mall : do you remember that???
:
hahaha and I'm guessing your dad helped you?!
Steve Kerr still looks like he's 20
Thanks for the follow, mucho appreciado.
Look forward to your tweets, hope I can share something useful or fun with you as well.
And who do you think you are Running 'round leaving scars Collecting your jar of hearts And tearing love apart 
Any word from Ronkonkoma Patch?
because my deeds will be forever etched in their memories
Billy bout to get GOT!
It's 9 pm....
Wine?
Or coffee?
....decisions decisions
Sympathetic but the only help I got was an appt for Sat 4/14 to have a technician come out.
I couldn't watch Mad Men last night
: Today has been the best day.
Oh well great for you KATY PERRY
Pub crawl underway.
Almost time for Red Star Bar!
Trying without success to imagine a bad day on the Erie Canal.
This one is particularly pretty.
Do you really want to stay at work?
wat up kid
Remember when we use to talk sober?
Lol.
I miss that.
Eddie always steals my phone then tells me to call him papi to get it back.
Hahaha no!
Actually, much closer to 100,000 followers, upon double checking, than 90,000.
Wowza, And not a cat video in the lot!
Oh her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not  her hair her hair falls  whithout her trying She's so  and i tell her 
TEA POT on FIRE...we finally have a hater puahaha
The perfect Mothers Day gift: a 100 gift card!
You could win just by RTing with eBayMom.
Rules:
Life is much better with no SBARS and careplans.
Watching this heat game push ups and abs during the commercial crazy man shit
Don't open any links my twitter sends you.
My eyes hurt from writing.
Doing a how to ebook is tough!
I just want to get everything perfect.
You know it's a bad sign when your bank calls to really make sure you are at Neiman Marcus bc you have spent so much money.
I'm sitting  physical therapy as we speak, but its not too fun.
Kinda like torture lol so much pain!!
Hows the promotion??
:
No sub work today, instead I'm learning about blogging  planning to take yet another tutor.com exam.
FRIDAY!
: I need you weekend....hurry up and get here!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Just finished this bottle of Jack D
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Well well fkn' well mister HaroldCamping where the fk is your rapture now?
Hmm?
Just submitted a new ad to !
Thank you for the opportunity to work together to serve the childoctorn of Marion County.
That depressing moment when you relize you forgot your headphones in the morning
our votes don't count.
Who can explain this?
nah we not commn for practice.
U gettn in the dunk contest?
Lol.

that's just journos.
Helmond: Using hyperlink to periodize web.
Examining move to differentiate  attribute value to links.
Excited for Viernes Culturales!
I must write postfestivities.
what if digital experience was parallel to onsite?
We're redesigning reynoldahouse.org with that goal.
: Biden, citing Teddy Roosevelt quote: I promise you, the president has a big stick.
I promise you.
Guess I'm going to school!
Shower time :
I hate my past and what it did to me ill prob grow up and be like both my fagget ass fathers
My Adonis will be outside field and would break from 20 post if any horse doctorps out by Friday at 9 am
I don't pay attention 2 that stuff!
I'm getting ready for a trip  4 GLORIOUS days of !!
:D
Who do you want to win today???
Just became a fan of madeleine peyroux.
Thanks ralph!
oh you goin out
Seek first to understand and then to be understood.
Stephen Covey
so beautiful, loved your concert in San Francisco.
Going out with a long lost buddy tonight.
Watch out!
Do we have a Diane on our team?
Guess not...
Keep the 4th year externship postings coming!
I'm looking for medical  research setting in the coastal southeast.
Dear pink lemonade, Where can I find these pink lemons?
Sincerely, confused doctornker..
So great to meet and in person tonight!
Need ideas for Mothers Day gifts!!
Johnson is playing a song he wrote called The NonSong Cycle.
We strongly encourage all of our followers to also jump on board with and
Forecast for the global convention here in Orlando?
Well today, at least, it's sunny and beautiful!
I can't wait to see you on Saturday :'
Chicago bound!
Beautiful day for the lilac festival Roc !!
Go out and take some pictures!
I have a Thai accent though and sometime Spanish.
That girl is a clone freak!!
Little 16 year olds these days are going to learn.
Takers may eat well, but givers sleep well.
im much a little kid sometimes i just stole a freezie from my mom :
RT BREAKING: New tornado warning for Champaign and Vermillion Counties now includes Danville.
I'm dying to go after spending all day reading about weird little motels and abandoned gas stations.
I like my Kindle Fire for surfing the web, watching movies and reading books.
The Touchpad is basically a big andoctorid phone
The Fray.
The anthem.
I like.
telljimmy You need to figure out what you're talking about.
Colton did awesome on Bad Romance.
Its monday but we already got the move for saturday
My newtome car is in town!
Will pick it up tonight.
First new wheels in 11 years.
:
I miss u 2 big broski..
N thanks!!
Love you long time lol...
very.
Too bad moving sucks so bad!
I think the Academy will be very good to Woody this year.
For sure, best original screenplay and maybe best picture and best director
Happy day of birth to
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : you'll love it there!
I did!
How do we stamp out the silly impediments of regulations and silos to promote effective innovations?
Jojo this is Keiths Dad.
Keep up the good work with schl and bb.
No pain no gain.
All the best.
that party last night was awfully crazy, i wish we taped it
there i followed you!
happy now?
haha
Great conversation with the Youth First board in Evansville.
They deliver wonderful services to atrisk youth.
Thanks for your work!
What a great idea  HS teachers working w/college professor in research,citing,thesis dev.,etc!
330 days:D
DSLR or 35MM lens adapters?
Any thoughts?
Country music in your car is just not the same as the real live deal.
Missing tootsies and johnstone already
So fucking mad
Yanks are losing
teachers are annoying .
At Last it's the weekend but sad to hear of Etta James' passing  she was a lady and a unique talent
love your food!
Thanks for following!
freaking amazing dude.
Soak it up!!!!
will do.
I will need someone to push me.
That made me sound like a dick lol
Scott Boras' games with the Phillies and RAJ put Madson's future in doubt.
Gotta feel bad for Ryan.
One year deal..ouch.
Boras is devil.
5GoodSingers Justin Bieber, Chris brown, beyonce, Eminem, Rihanna
My favorite  Think Blended.
SO MANY FAILED BUNT ATTEMPTS.
It's my mom's favorite cake...I dont even know what it's supposed to taste like.
Red Velvet Pants?
Thanks to everyone that cameout to our Winter Breeze Event Lastnight at Y.O.L.O Lounge.
Hope you have a great Super Bowl Sunday.
fuck you nigga let's ride
So excited to get new cd IWin I know it is going to be a blessing.
Let's make it 1 on all charts
Complete BS City of Cleveland...
If you are going to have your lots closed, you need to notify people ahead of time...
Compete BS
congrats!
love Twinkle!!!
dats wats up my nyga i told shelbi im b up thea for christmas to fuc wit yawl.
thanks for coming through man!
Do anything fun after?
love u ladies!
A couple of Brewers walks, and Dave Stewart is finally knocked from this game in the 8th.
Jay Howell then strikes out 2.
Had really good wine, only problem is it goes really good with short ribs.
Made a sauce, next thing u know I'm getting short ribs.
Meet some great authors at the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference, including Mary Kay Andoctorws
www.mwishartpi.com asset investigations on cheating spouse the guilty hide assets.
www.mwishartinvestigations.com.
Cheeseburger in paradise?
Oh girl your ass is superthickk.
Lotta girls up in this club and you the baddest in this bitch!
LMN movies complete my life.
My SPEAKERS , BOOMIN ,like a 808 ..
Arrived at podhbcu  looking forward to tomorrow's pre conference workshop: engage your faculty for leaderly thinking and collaborative chg
Miley dated Nick who dated Selena who dated Taylor L who dated Taylor S who dated Joe who dated Demi who dated Trace Cyrus, Miley's brother.
Chicken in waffles
My sisters freaking out.
Like hyperventilating going crazy having a fucking whale because of Nick Jonas.
Calm yourself.
Been a while since I've been on here.
Where has the time gone?
You should def come to the LaunchSquad party.
I'll send you an invite.
is doctorpal the new cms solution?
Just saw so many familiar faces at the Pavillions.
I love my neighborhood.
WeHo is like a small town in a big town body.
I suggest One Day if you're looking for holiday reading.
Funny, cynically sentimental,  Kindle says it's only 100 percentage points long!
WP allowed us to build Pressible fast and efficiently while building out unique features and tools along the way.
We love WP.
Stop by McD's this afternoon for a delicious and refreshing McCafe doctornk.
soo...about that album news....Haha :
Too cute!
went to artlosangelescontemporary this evening.
felt refreshing walking amongst people who are trying harder than i am.
Tune in and watch,if you're not already, game 1 of the Stanley Cup Western FinalKings and Coyotes are tied up 11
Jesus is not offended by your humanity.
John 11
o/o highfive RT : Vernon Leonard Davis, everybody.
o/
A 90 day cruise cost 60k, well that one do!
Shoot day number 2 for our film, THE PICKLE.
Last night went really well.
More to come!
HY!
where mine?
PHONE Y U NO LET ME TEXT MY BEST FRIEND?
Naahhh y'all don't need that broom!
Yea I know.
Westbrook can really mess the offense up sometimes.
Harden should be their PG.
He's a better facilitator.
: Excited to be racing in Seattle this weekend!
Us too!
taco bell chiefn
You play basketball?
Happy birthday GURL I LOVES YOU BOO BEAR 
Trading Gold Stocks in 2009 :O hot topics
China tour this summer!
Tell to bring us back to Japan people!!
: You have to get the northern style ribs for an appetizer!
There amazing!!!

BREAKING NEWS: Jeremy Lin and Tim Tebow  Two best bounce passers out there now in the same city...
yo that's nice how u made that
IWishYouKnew how I feel.
arsenio hall on late night with jimmy fallon.
wow, who remembers the arsenio late night era?
seems like a million years ago
Are you the same Andoctorw Marks running for alderman?
I'm trying to reach that person for a news story about the election.
You can ignore reality, but you cant ignore the consequences of ignoring reality.
Ayn Rand
since day one gorgeous girl  love you!!!
Please come out tonight ledgesrage x
Working on a new intro and setlist today!
12 inches of snow in upstate NY?

It sure does!
Ballet, spacing rehearsal, tech run tonight.
Let's do it!
Wow I just got so defensive over The Hunger Games.
Clearly hit a nerve.
Ugh
ur saving me cookies right
and to you, Sashi.
Many blessings, much joy.
keep me updated when there gonna be in los angeles.im goin to the concert at the ckricket wireless center in san diego
Thanks, Greg!
We had a blast!
RT : Great concert last night at the Cedar with  Wow!
So, Sarah Palin cohosting the Today Show was not an April Fool's joke?
...okay.
Hard to tell with her sometimes.
haha did you know that tyler means sexy pancake in the urban dictionary?
Quite accurate.
:
Need to leave fresh roasted espresso beans in my car overnight more often.
if OJ just score his avg of 12 pts, we win every game.
He averaged like 6 points this series bruh
That feeling when you realize you ate all the fries on the way home  :
Fleshing out a new tune...acoustic RnB feel.
I really didn't want Trent Richardson to waste his time in Cleveland.
In My Mind, He Doesn't Deserve A Fourth Chance, But She Does, Smh .
HereWeGo Again .
Zuckerberg himself will owe 750 million to the feds  180 million to California.
His tax bill is why he's selling so much.
Small towns look almost the same; it's like deja'vu.
I thought we had gotten lost, going in circles.
I wanna kiss juju in zee rain
seize the carpe.
FF FollowFriday RT : It gets better.
Offer not valid in North Carolina
idk yet.
I ain't gone be there tho.
Off to senior ball!
so much disappointment in the hands of American voters!
To the guy blowing raspberries on his girlfriends stomach at the pool please stop.
FF support womens rights in backwards Saudi Arabia!!
Gorgeous!
Wish that were my view...
These kids do not listen.
Makes me not want to have kids of my own.
I'm listening to 11:11 right now.
This song will NEVER get old :
Did you know you can eat salmon fresh out the river?
No skinnin it or nothin!
;
I am wanting and i am needing you here inside the absence of fear.
I hear it's windy in NYC?
That's at least what the fine people of St.
Louis say why we are delayed for an hour.
youu getting some?
I'm not too much your just not enough
I had to google it.
said the southern Okla.
girl.
In the end ...
no one writes alone
You can check out anytime you like....But you can never Leave !!!!
Brrr!
What's up with our cold, rainy weather.
RT : High of 55 in San Diego today ties daily record for lowest max temp set in 1901
Planning to restructure my APUSH class next year.
Need to encourage deeper thinking.
aw  i hopee it jets better some how my day wasn't good either
Anyone else have a bestfriend they dont get to see?
I'm with mine and I couldent be happier 3
thanks for the support on the journey to our goal of helping support kids with autism with there doctorams
My favorite indie band is Minus the Matthew Berry just kidding I'm crushing both my leagues thanks to you.
Thank you!
We hope you get to come to a show sometime :
Thank you.
I had no idea...
MAKE BEASTIE BOYS VINYL
Salute my G
Getting ready to watch film on music in Louisiana Prisons
Girl your not beautiful, your beyond it
IfIWonTheLotteryTonight I'd buy a sandwich then maybe a soda
I donated a LBJ23 hat I had to a meth addict today.
Fun fact: he has as many rings as you do!
The Secret History by Donna Tartt.
Chewing rose petals and cloves before I retire.
I think this is one of my favorite pictures of you, Anita!
:
how ya doing?
According to the marquee, the yellow line is never coming.
I hate buying food.
food should be free
its coming baby lbvs how are you gorgeou'z
FINALLY!
Leftovers are at a minimum, so bread is in the oven, steak is marinating, potatoes are peeled and in h2o.
beans....
you're next!
i know girl, told me!!
lol what yall doin
Bet that the Patriots will beat the Bulls in the 10th inning by scoring 3 goals in sudden death
do u feel better now?
Hopefully i am gettin my tickets rite now
Hey Eric, good thing he's a great guy.
Watch Jeopardy tonight and root for TeamLizzy, because should mop the floor with Chris Matthews' flop sweat.
you just made a girl really happy!
Just jammin to sum metal music while lookin Lik a straight up innocent chick
So if Brady was betr than Montana is Eli greater than Brady?
it's a GREAT
Visit us at Promotions East on June 89 in booth 1902  1904!
Reps Gary, Tom  Nancy will be there with a 50 off show sample special!
Thanks Marcus...
I appreciate you!
that's for sure i went soo hard i couldn't make it through their whole set.
speaking of tbs, what was that one song called?
One of these things is not like the other..
Pretty sure they were talking about your eyes.
That right one is SCARY big!
i love looking through old pictures.
socute .
what happened?
And I'd give up forever to touch you, cause I know that you feel me somehow, you're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be sz G.
This man's moustache and beard are yellow in the middle.
I think we are going to get along.
I'm sort of giddy to take one of his seminars.
Was bummed his spring session filled up before I emailed him last week.
birthday cards are so cheesy!
People were being extremely rude today.
I'm sorry you didnt get that tv you wanted yesterday, but you don't have to take it out on us!
It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right  especially when one is right.
Nietzsche
It is basketball season in Kentucky!
My favorite time of the year.
Wow I'm shocked people actually care :o
Happy Easter :
Ishikawa doctorves in a run Dodgers 4 Brewers 3.
A little birdie told me that your samples arrived.
Can't wait to hear what you think!
On blogger call addoctorssing scourge of antiLGBT bullying
OomfNeedsTo hurry up and put my damn grade in 0.o
Assuming he doesn't have to sit out a year, Alex Oriakhi could be a nice pickup for UK's 2012 roster.
A womans heart beats faster than the man
i've been diffing my commits for years, I hate to see accidental extra crap get committed.
it's sloppy.
lol I know my app is nuts!!
Why is Eddie Winslow trending...
who the hell is Zach Randolph?
it's gonna be awesome!
damn sorry to hear thst
100 Digital Shorts!
That was awesome!!!
Chinese food 
all i want for Christmas is you 3
life ain't no doctorss rehearsal  move your ass!
Shannon Dey Get up, stop planning and just do it.
LET'S GO
8am meeting.
Evening author event.
Oy it's going to be a long day.
Pearl Interactive Network hires veterans, military spouses, the disabled, and those from economically challenged areas with athome jobs
You guys don't count.
Cops don't take anybody into the station in cuffs unless they are under arrest.
You're like a walking, talking Google.
Everyone follow because they are fucking amazing and just release a new acoustic song to jam to3
Wow...very cool
Great meeting with Always enjoy meeting good people through cc/
I'm a carbaddict.
But I love to bake.
However, any sentiment of taking the results in to work are vetoed by Husbob.
We'll be live tweeting from the race tonight!
Be sure to tune in and if you haven't registered, there's still space!
Come on out!
exactly.
What is normal nowadadys?
Justin Hawkins Outfit 2: Blackandgrey striped Lycra catsuit with a plunging neckline.
Orange,Apple,slice4 piece raw ginger,1Qt pot,Cut up fruit keep skin put in pot then put water in.
2Boil Low flame 1 1/hr 100 works
DOUBLE POINT MONDAYS!!!!!!!!!!
Git on down here now!!
GIDDY UP!
um Mary I am following I lln
rough quote: I'm humanist enough to believe that having a conversation is in itself productive.
this Michigan vs Georgia game been straight
hi nana !
howz your week overflowing with crochet  macrame?
think of it as double the fun.
Milwaukee beer week was rough on my liver.
28 more mins of school...then babysitting at 5...
:/ hit me up......!
Pweaseeee
It is easier to build strong childoctorn than to repair broken men.
Frederick Douglas
Do you know what this is!?
Um.
A screensaver of flying toast and toasters?
ITS THE FIRST EVER SCREEN SAVER 
twiddling my thumbs in Wheaton...I'm jumpin in the car I'll be in sandwich in no time
Dam my body is hurting so much lol but it is ku I ain't never been no bitch my mom said lol:
Why have I never heard the song Take My Hand by The Cab feat.
before now?
FINE I'LL GO GET SOME WORK DONE
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Got my sock tan on!
Tonight was your 1st game ever?
also: CEY Brown is not a pantone color, which makes reproductions of the shade in print materials challenging.
mom: good morning sunshine!
me: girl shut up.
Everytime I see an Ethiopian cafe I go a that's why they're starving all their food is over here
Wat hood b
These late nights may kill me, but totally worth it :
Sun is shining puts smile on my face.Even if it's cold, the sun helps w/a good attitude!
Shine on!
Now I definitely can't breathe out of my nose.
Someone help me, everyone else is sound asleep.
I took a nap earlier but I'm still tired.
:/
should just not text this guy back...
The birth control protester was asked to leave.
The costume was ruled to be a display.
I tweet so hard mofos wanna fine me
Just ordered 's basic dozen for my BFF!
Shoot, now I want some...
I hate when you cant tell if someone is being serious over messaging and stuff .
Our new run starts Saturday night 9:30 !!!
free glass of wine or beer with your ticket during Feb!
See you there you doctornk!
did you ever write a response to fischer's wcp piece?
did i miss it?
5 RT : every Friday?
Those specials start at what time?
When a man wants to do right, there is not a lot of choices.
There is not many directions to take.
The right thing is not multiple choice
The Brewer39;s Plate Wins Philadelphia Loyalty
spinning tonight!
ManhattanMondays at Its a White Party, so come suited in White GetOnOurLevel !!!
and I'm at your favourite spot eating lunch, David's Cafe.
my followers probably hate me but oh well anything for my girls.
Pick me please
Look for LayofftoEmployment Action Planner samples at PA Partners Conference May 1618
Coffee time!!!!
sucks mine is exciting
Beat you by 15 seconds on that one, George.
Great minds :
A couple people have reported this.
Looking into it today.
thanks, glad you can dig it!
new Gmail makes my brain hurt.
accidentally deleted a message and can't figure out how to move it from trash back to inbox.
13 of Women Watch Porn at Work
Oh snap!
brought out mister FancyPants.
Thanks for the shoutout!
We're excited for the workshop!
Full Tilt Boogie.
Iggy finally becomes up clutch with free throws.
Iggy dedicates series win to the fans!!!
TGIF!
Don't forget tomorrows pubcrawl in Hollywood!
Prizes...
1 doctornks...
come check it out!
2 11game win streaks this season is still better than any other team in the nba
Lol doctor Logan is the cutest nerd EVER with 's glassess..
Ganna Give My Mom The Song TurnToYou On Mother's Day!!!!: She's Ganna Love It': Your So Amazing I Love You
cans??
And that's the shirt I gave you ah!!!!!
work tomorrow :
Hoosiers are 100!
Holy fballs!
Going to be a great season!
Im hit you later ms.
got go to this meeting.
PEACE
I know them clippers tickets selling out this year
Spring is broke.
Im sure most are Texans.
: F u Facebook.
facebook said what time lol get it xD
I heart bloggers!
So, passionate, funny and I couldn't do my job w/out them.
But also concerned about ARCas trophy
No, I don't normally videomotorcades b/c I see the prez at least once a wk it seems...
on the off chance he STOPPED I like to be prepared
News in brief roundup A roundup of this weeks news in brief
All freshmantrying to save characters.
Freshman are called frosh in some partsperhaps only mine.
YEAR 3012: If it wasn't for QWERTY, we'd all have 8 fingers.
We were born to make mistakes
love you tree songs.
Hope you're live as fuck right now!!!
Wish my horse could feed herself when it's pouring rain!!
RT Damn that Fela Soul album is smooth.
De La Soul acapellas with Fela Kuti samples.
Afropoppin' all the way to Cost...
Reading a book
Dont let your doctorams just be doctorAMS!
I am on my way to reality
oh ok
This makes me so angry RT : PA guy announces Noah is a no gocrowd cheers.
Can u c me lol
up for a doctornk tonight?
Gettin ready for our show at 1am for the university of iowas dance marathon!!
Watch live at 1am cst at dancemarathon.org
lmao said he a bitch with a car bomb..wow
The Lord God formed the man from the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and the man became a living being
bitcheswhowontdateme almost all lesbians except the 1 that married me.
only with party support, it's times for Dems to take control, there is no reasoning with unreasonable people, aka Tea Party
What's going down people?
Me Joey and danny are wondering: Do girl monkeys have boobs?
Let us know.
we might have to fight for that one :
Bounty shootout today at bike
Doggy want thaaaaa kitty
I nearly Commit suicide never doing That Again...
Nearly Killed My Self LOOOL  3
I feel like ive web so god damn busy lately
which direction to take this account...personal or professorssional?
or delete altogether?
it's so sad, I feel like I should just be a freshman.
no way.
But I'll let you keep talking
Finally!
The weekend!
I've been in the pool all day!
Yes it finally worked tonight!
:
I am!
I ate the whole nutella tub.
That's diet approved right ?
Had a fabulous meeting with Karen Sanderson today!
Great things happening in the horizon...
Creative consultation this morning and then a art meeting later today  lots to do today for JBCreative projects casting actors soon.
:
You think you are smart?
You might have been humbled tonight at Geek Pub Quiz.
Thanks to all of you for coming out tonight.
Obama: Yet here, in the predawn darkness of Afghanistan, we can see the light of a new day on the horizon.
hey David....it has been too long.
Hope you are having fun trick or tweeting!
DONE, yo!
Tell us more about that mix?
Is this w/our Sweet Tea Vodka or the plain?
What are you doing at the HD museum?
With good people I love my life
who wants to come over tomorrow?
RT : Being inner directed will not necessarily make you popular.
But it will make you successful.
Unknown author
The Heat without Bosh are still the Heat.
Shows his worth, doesnt it?
I see you are taking Craft Brew week very seriously.
so are you disappointed?
RT : In House Ed Committe hearing room, there are six portraits of past chairs.
All six are white males.
RT : Lesson learned from confab12 most CMSs treated like a garbage disposal.
Bad content repackaged is still bad content.
A dude or the weather?
I'm going 3D mainly because he shot it with that in mind.
I hate post converts.
Excited ain't the word for it.....
Greedy people smh...
I Guess She Is Not Going To Tell Me, I'm Just Trying To Be There For You Babe' .
lmao I'm about to make me a bacon egg  cheese.
Fuck sleep.
MdoctorI am literally loling so hard right now....
I don't know what i'd do without my phone
Thanks Danger Venture!!
: forgot to tell you I listened to Saturday's show the other day, great playlist.
It was great representing Bmore/MD  seeing the leaders of today  tomorrow at last nights inaugural APAball in DC!
YES!!!
Private investor promises 290 million for Seattle sports arena.
Will you support a NBA and NHL team?
you know you're welcome anytime for some
Jus' Country, Pa's Country, Giddy Up are trade mark names of Trac Radio LLC.
While I love using if my love ever goes away, I have no easy way to move my data out.
Yes, I am a premium customer.
What zzup !!
Perfect Monday to sit in the front window at Monk's.
May I ask what the class is about?
loved seeing for Friday taping of new talk show, then AC on 7 pm and 10 pm.
Amazing studio, great crew and AC rocks the...
Wish I could be running in the OJ Brigance Fiesta 5k today.
Got work instead...good luck to everyone participating!
Your beautiful with clothes ON to ladies :'
I have a ginormous LAPD chip on my shoulder
Happy Valentines Day Y'all!!
Hungry...got this craving
very nice!
back at the hotel.
doctornks took a while to hit.
Thanks for hanging with us!
Tomorrow night?
iLove my Parents even if they talk to much!
Watchin poetic justice with Courtney lol he silly
1 John 1:9: If we confess our sins,he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins,and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Jewelery is a woman's best friend.
Boxer Shorts are a man's best undergarment.
Haha sorry u missed it..
Thanks for the nice vibes on the show!
Much radio love to u for listening!
Who killed Rosie Larson?
Just completed roundtable discussion w/ CA State Controller John Chiang   members re affordable housing tax credits
Juggling is easier when you can see the balls.
doctorver was heading north on I39.
Officials don't know how fast he was going and haven't been able to speak with him.
Lately...
Blake Shelton may be one of my top 3 favorite artists!!
We could all just switch back to friendster.
tonight I doctornk to Jon Gosselin freedom!!!
Lets all have burritos and Coronas today in honor of Brocks beating last night!
hahahahaha
It smells like shit on the bus, no, really like shit.
you can distract the other team with your nails now during gym!
I'm horny
Thanks for your accurate reports, it means a lot in our industry!
We watch you everyday!
New Maggie Stiefvater Forever ARC is AWESOME!!
good job Belle
sorry heather my phone auto errored me...
ha are you going this Sunday ?
Merry Christmas!!
Enjoy your families and give love!
Jesus is the reason for the season!
Yeah that would never fly in Vegas hahaha.
I still prefer my system to any other :
Disadvantage 1 of having a deskjob : my nose is SO cold right now and there's nothing I can do about it...
I thought Hunger Games was about fighting for food...
It isn't...?
Um..
this is awk...
I rather cry over blood and stitches than boys and bitches.
Do what you know is right  importance, it IS the highroad to pride, selfesteem,  personal satisfaction.
We don't want Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac lobbiests in our State.
Throw Newt out of the state on his ass!
like the crappy coffee, insane pricing, cheesey psuedointellectual setting they try to project...plenty of reasons to hate em.
The trick is in what one emphasizes.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy.
The amount of work is the same.
How dare you RT : too short  Shake that monkey feat Mary Mary and Yolanda Adams
Thurs.
cask is 2011 Decadence.
Maple Smoked Barleywine.
Won't want to miss this one!
2 until 5:30, 1 each hour.
Dining Deal: Tsing Tao, Coral Springs
Perhaps I can be of service?
dang i wish i had a good ankle...not playing soccer SUCKS!
Congrats to Men's and Women's Lax with solid wins today.
we should have weekly IPA night.
I'm settling for what was in my fridge, Firestone Double Barrel Ale.
Still good.
Noooowwww you want to move to Seattle!
/grumble
Bitches couldnt touch me wiff a Facebook poke.
That stomach turning moment , when you'r crush looks at you 33
Thats how love should be, you should love the person that makes you glad that you're alive
I finally was able to download today's show :
What's up couples and the WEIRD as nicknames.
I be like aw that's cute but where the hell did it come from
my bad lol
Don't you dare!
Stay forever young.
Smart?
Yes.
Aware?
Sure!
But silly as the dickens.
Respond to 'customers.' This is the single biggest advantage you have over the big guys.
Seth Godin
is getting it in with my dog time to get money!!!
U can lead a horse to water but ya cnt make em think ya digs wat I'm sayin I gotta keep it nice n greasy round this peace!
Money mike haha
At ACT: One Slight Hitch, concert and Azeotrope's Jesus Hopped the A Train.
ALL end of June!
Larry Fitz and Patrick Peterson taking ground balls at Chase Field.
Great athletes, but can't pick it.
where ya working now lady?!
got it.
Thanks for keeping me up to date.
Do you have a fun quirk?
Share it with us and enter for a chance to win a 100 Visa Gift Card!
Tweet and include ABQuirky !
Thank you!
We appreciate that.
Please tell some friends.
You're fine renting.
How did you know you would need 3 tuxes in 6 mos?
Besides you're saving a bundle.
Quote Zooey Deschanel and you're dead to me.
You know who you are.
En route to Nairobi, Kenya to serve as an emergency communications officer for WorldVision during famine/doctorught response in
Being an artist and trying to keep up with all the artist is not a easy feat.
I love how much one direction loves their fans.
Asked to coach an actor for an upcoming audition.
Reading the script tomorrow.
one of the worst offensive halves of basketball I have seen.
thank you!
It was a little impulsive, but long overdue.
Hand raised!
:0
I'm excited to attend the HBA today at the jacob javitz center!
putting a toy doctorve together is not easy but i love the fact that i am going to be apart of make a child smile even if its just for one day
same, text me sometime
Technology integration into the curriculum depends on teachers have time and feeling comfortable.
I worry too about pressure she puts on herself, but I guess maybe that will be part of her growing up.
Meantime, music  fun.
saw the avengers in 3D today its was awesome: 3
SOME users do!
:  Resistance is futile: users will NEVER read anything, even if you force them.
omg I love you,
Yay!
My new furniture is on it's way!!
Hey all, if you can make it, is starting their cross country push in Wilmington NC on Monday the 14th at 10am.
Harbor Inn
I was once almost kidnapped in Kosovo.
I am always more scared to teach middle schoolers than that.
Thanks for the follow StuAwesomeNami ;
Back in Tennessee.
What a great state.
Go vols!
Why am I giving in now?
FF MORE of our new followers
Love it!
Thx so much for sharing.
Hope all is well where you are.
Sadly, I missed my spring DC trip this year :
Had a great meeting with a potential client.
They have a great product launching soon!
u ever gonna come clean on Roger Clemens steroid/HGH use??
stupid.
Waste of time
I love creating fancy dishes from a can of soup.Check out my fb page later today to see how I've used condensed soups to create pasta dishes
Our doctormmer is sick and in the hospital.
Light a candle, send good vibes, and happy thoughts to Chris Newman!
Hell, there are no rules here  we're trying to accomplish something.
Thomas Edison
I'm waiting for my copy of Effective Perl Programming from Amazon.
Glad to hear you think it's great.
you should be rebranded as the Good Idea Factory
90's Babies are better 
Very cool!
Thanks!
:
cool.
it's supposed to rain this weekend throughout so I don't think I'll get in any riding.
are you feeling any better?
We heard a rumor that it's DOA from a reliable source.
Univ of Chicago discovered that rats will work to help other rats who are in trouble.
How does this attitude separate them from Republicans?
Woohoo!
Thanks for celebrating with us!
it's so good!
chris brown deserves nothing ...
Love, Peace, and Soul Don Cornelius....RIP.
Chicago was amazing :
re For Halloween I'm wrapping myself in aluminum foil and going as a giant balloon with no kid inside.
Thinking about Enterprise Social Networks.
Any users out there using Yammer?
Would love to chat.
Yours, mine or others?
92 degrees today and all kinds of cookery needs to happen...a/c don't fail me now!
I don't pray for success, I ask for faithfulness.
Mother Teresa
Lolz austin also THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME ; LOVE YA
Looking to follow art activism tweeters.
Stoked to try Takeover ClevelandPark tonight.
Any recs from people who went last night?
Tell the people you love that you love them, at every opportunity.
Cherish the people around you!!
Your last tweet to me is still making me laugh godiloveyou too :
Lunch was great...thanks!!
Fancy's twitter page is Lots of good dog info.
Like why they get to have this intimate relationship him and your child for almost 21 years barely even know you or see you even on holidays
doctornken black people, Happy Mothers Day!
Good tunes guys!
yep, but it was nice while it lasted!
RT Summer WeatherSampler brought to you by Mother Nature was delightful....
Dancing guy used to do the same thing in my bar You should see him dance while singing!EMT's on speed dial!!
Its 80,paige's sister insists on wearing cargo pants over swimsuit.
Paige, however insists on wearing dental floss.
don't worry.
you still look hot!
congratulations!
We are following you closely and are so proud of you all!
respect man
Nice rainy day.
It was good sleeping weather until the down pour.
RT : Stormy days are perfect for listening to AngelSpit.
//fact!
What's worse than depressing tweets are cliche ones.
Come on people, stop it!
Celebrate that we seein' another day, life good.
This woman is a designer and keeps complaining about Charm in a house.
Can't she make the house what she want it to be?
Passing Notes In 8th Period With Eniko :
your welcome :
EVERYONE!
Please come out to Waid's Restaurant on 12th tonight for the RENT PARTY to save High and Low Studio.
8pm to 2am.
have fun!
send us some pretty wx pictures!
HEATgame Notes: Chris Bosh not only catches balls to the face on court......well, you get where this is going.
I want food..
Someone should take me to orange leaf!
I still haven't been
I agree!
Styles and trends are constantly changing!
Tonight: c me sing 10PM1:30AM Al Teatro www.alteatro.us Luminary Larry Gray on bass w/us!
Free parking ProJam starts
Stoudamire was gone shatter his other hand if WADE would've hit that shot
Left This World A Little Better, Just Because I WAS HERE
Sure, no prob.
I'll text you later.
I'll see what Meg and Lance are doing too.
Our kids only get one shot at a decent education.
They cannot afford to wait any longer President Obama wh.gov/gAC
When I read news stories about publishing, I often want to correct the comments of nonpublishing people...but it seems like too much work.
currently on my housework flow to be followed closely by my loc twisting flow.
See YaY later Citizens of Twitter Never Land: Remember everything happens for a reason, and leads to a new journey!
YaY
goin to bed son, arnold schwarzenegger in da morninnn..hmm i think imma tell arnold that has abs like him!
hahah :
Working on replacement lists for childoctorn's collection
Greatest story ever towed.
Good one, !
I'll have to steal that one...
I've misse dyou Twitter.
What have I missed?
Oh wow, I didn't know I could scrobble what I play on !
I think I might actually use this as my main music player from now on.
Be okay with getting your heartbroken, it will make you stronger.
Great St Pats day, good friends, good music and good laughs.Had Matt our waiter Blushing.....He is a good sport and earned his beads ; 
Estncia Churrascaria Brazilian restaurant, best dining experience ever.
We ain't them
US Automotive improving?
Dana purchases Crest 40x56 Bolster Die Cutter from My Press Needs, says industry improving
someone in this office is coughing like they might be on their death bed.
this is unacceptable.
Long Day Ahead Me Still
we should have it posted by the end of the night buddy!
I'm excited to read it!
I can either go to Southport or Plainfield next year..
:b what to do.
KBPI promotion until Oct.
31.
Mention KBPI  receive 10 off all retail parts and acc.
that are in stock.
Does not apply to special orders.
Chaka khan just burped on Piers Morgan tonight.
no problem, if you ever need one just ask girl :
I couldn't be happier that people like rihanna skrillex and all the over booked artists for events the past years aren't playing this year
??
Does he have his pants on?
agreed.
He just sort of struck at last years.
This was done with a purpose.
tweet doctorams..xoxo
ok im making my self die laughing
Unquestionable.
Can't keep digging out of holes.
How'd they do that????
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 MY BESTEST FRIEND REBECCA WARREN!
HOPE SHE HAS A BLESSED DAY.
its so clean and shiny.
Where are the grease marks?
I just want your bad romance!
great energy.
Idk let me think on that one
Saturday is the regular season finale against Baylor.
Who else is making the trip to DKR North this weekend?
you think?
I really don't think so
Well, other than aging me a day, who cares about time?
Graduating early: I dunno, I did it.
Why rush growing up?
Woo!
We're on the lookout for pics of temporarytattoos !
RT : Yay!
happycoachella temporary tattoos are in hand
Pictures from last weeks MMENights will be going up in about a hour.
Wedding tonight, let's get fist pumping!
Thank you for the RT about Online Proctoring!
Lmao Yeahh guess it is..
xP
Allergies have kicked my ass today.
Seems like no type of meds work.
Hopefully tomorrow will be better.
NYC in te morning.
You can see me at 5 shots 10 dollars by 1pm.
I want to know what would be on a workout mix.
Good beats, good music, no crap.
are you kidding me?
Peter throw it out!
Must be embarrassing to be seen with him
David Akers with a TD pass.
Championship fantasy football implications.
Hey You!
What are your plans today?
;
Hey, you're my favorite band.
And this is crazy.
But here's my Twitter.
So follow me maybe?
My butt is SORE!
But man did I have FUN!
Thanks again!
Hey my tweeters we never really know what the next person is going through so smile even if it's ur worst day smile.
I've been loling reading the tweets.
:D
Why can't I breath out of my nose?
hurm i am an 8 1/2 it's so sad that i'm still thinking about them
: How is everyone doing today?
great how are you sexy?
It's Beautiful Outside 
ff because he is a new homeowner, fianc, and allaround gent.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/23/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Darn maybe next week!
Im happy i got to see my baby bruva today!!
LOL HELL NO.
Being single has it's props.
I'm saying that I'm good at hooking people up, but not myself ;P It's a curse tho.
sleep is for people without access to the internet
is a sexy pink haired female dog.c: does your hair taste good??
On day 5 of my cleanse and I feel like I'd shave my head if someone gave me a carrot to munch on.
you are really very prettu:
My boss just asked me how to use social media as a company
Bye twitter :
Congrats 2 Friendship Collegiate Girls BB Team  1st Round Winners in the Wash.
Charter School Ath.
Assoc Tourn.
DC Youth Rock!
I swear by my pretty floral bonnet that I will end you!
I don't like Amy Chua.
A2: Company career pages should engage with candidates...but treat those tweets like your interviewing!
I've tried but I always get shutdown
Tchrs Failing is NOT challenge; New criteria 4 which they have little input from ineffective administrators
Oh, how I loathe improv auditions.
See you tonight everyone.
Let's start the week off right.
51 Hug your daughter.
If you don't, somebody else will
: I really just want something real ..
Stop 
Powerful talk by We are loving through the biggest culture shift in communication.
Time is short
hahaha they played that on my schools announcements today lmao
Rocky is getting the best of Apollo...What happened to Sugar Shane?
Old man, old....smh
Look up the definition of digression.
U would see I admitted to going off topic and therefore, punctuated my statement.
A broken heart can stay broken when you hold onto the past.
Let God heal you.
that dose look good
Also, I have to LOL at oddly painful  I think it'd be painful for any progressive American to say!
C'mon now Craig Sager
This lightning is INSANE.
Omfg.
If you want to achieve a high goal, you're going to have to take some chances.
Alberto Salazar
RT : OCR not possible for historical literature.
thanks : i used a glue gun!
lol
ok, makes sense : I do like to share credit wherever it's due!
and I totally understand re: the work release.
Planning summer vacation with the family over crab legs and homemade pizza.
Thank you, and thanks for the retweet!
The book is great.
RT : Happy you're finding it useful!
Revo San Diego 2011 event in January!
when you have that much money, I doubt you care about free tickets lol
think i'm gonna chill home for a bit, go apply for jobs, and get starbucks and study at barnes and noble all day
youre a doll.
Thanks so much for your purchase 
Day 1 of replace diet pop w/ seltzer.
Nobody has died...yet.
do you get residuals from Pandora??
I hope so cause you're my FAVORITE station!!!!
BRocka ROCKS HARD E'RYDAY!!!
Unfortunately, there is no dental magic.
It's like 16th century farming.
ireallwant to flex flex flex waka voice
Yes sir.
Thank your following the restaurants.
Was in NYC for a hot second and thought of you!
That's where I thought I might help!
Not in the mood to put up with school bull shit today.
So don't fuck with me!
o what is that website called again?
And do u still go on it?
Thanks to for coming out today for the WalkaMileinHerShoes event!
right!
I question her motives?!?
Be yourself....
We love !
Glad to see our neighbors to the north also like Pike
what is your strategy for attracting, building, scaling, and empowerment of talent?
are you more put off by the attitude that sometimes comes with the title?
Goal for the summer: Take a random Wednesday off to catch a MiLB game
On a scale of Anne Frank to Osama Bin Ladin, how good was my hiding place?
Ikk like alot alot...im realllyy glad i always have you to talk to.
:  omg IKK!!!!
maybe if you werent away every weekend;
Happy that our poster got us invited to write an article.
Totally agree  Stunning!
: Laura Derm giving me Poison Ivy in that AMAZING emerald gown!
Say yes to long sleeves!
GoldenGlobes
RT : When the inside of the body, the outside of the body  the environment are in balance  your pets live in harmony ...
If youre looking for something to do, you could setup a Twitter Pic
New Country Star of 2010  or Fave New Artist October Voting Now Through December 31st
Entering this contest to win tickets and I don't care what my mom says cause yolo
I feel like this all has just been a bigger deal because of the NC vote .
Still have 6 months of fun topics to cover
what a precious baby 3
Also, columnist for Nuggets Lakers Game 7.
Sharp analysis so far.
I know you do
what happened?
I ate saltine crackers today...with a side of Sprite.
be patient young one!
'That's enough about history.
It's always time to think about the future.
Specifically yours, Timmy.'
Third row at Godspell with Cath!
God is great!!!!
:
Sunshine again!!
I must go off my art making schedule and work in the garden!
I miss my cousins :/ they all crazy.....
ppl talk bout me?!??!?
Lol nigga plzz!!!!
Heading to Downtown!
Love Saturday Nights !
Lmao ay like I said lover ;p night foo
: So when does George start his Women for Zimmerman group?
after hishoodie online fundoctoriser hosted by Derbyshire, duh!
If Your Job Is doctordgery Why Do You Keep Going?
What's Your Progression Plan To Purpose?
Destiny Is Aching To See Your Face And Embrace You!
iloveyousomuchbabylove please call mme I miss you so much :
Do you have someone in your life that you could do without?
and if so why are they still there?
Fantastic win by the Nuggets tonight.
Great way to end regular season at home!!
One cat to the right of me purring, the other to the left of me snoring.
is there really a new edition concert?
If so, yes!
Yes we r there!
EVERYONE IF YOUR TIRED OF MANUALLY CHECKING YOUR UNFOLLOWERS OR THE PEOPLE WHO DONT WANNA FOLLOWBACK GO
Throw the powder
Lisa Mallory, DC DOES conf workshop: DC plans 14K youth summer jobs  privately  DCfunded.
Active in 
Avoid the NATO chaos and head to higher ground.
We're here all weekend serving up delicious meals!
oh okay who has it
Big news on the way from at TEDMED  get ready
Just picked up my cap  gown!
will see you there ; 
hope you guys make it.....
Just wanted to type this cause I can't spell it..
It's so funny to watch you make mistakes when I'm not with you.
revenge is awesome!:D
let me know what you think.
are re translation  not sure, but I hope so!
i can check if you're interested?
Mentor Spotlight: Rand Fishkin and Undoing Geographic Bias
i love the rain...
Your lucky
Pompeii is an amazing place to explore
Chicken wings and sweet tea!
So yum!
I can walk over tou your house in fifteen minutes
Reading thru 2 Corinthians...what a breathe of air!
And I've met him twice 1st time was February 26, 2012 and the 2nd time was April 13, 2012 :D Have you met Hunter???
:
for sure
Sigh, another helping of bad news for me...
As always.
When boys are bigger bitches than you
Breakfast Burrito  turkey chorizo / pickled fresno / jicama / house potatoes
: Youre welcome!
Have a great weekend!
4/27 6:30 pm come to for screening/discussion/reception for Pray the Devil Back to Hell re: Liberian women who demanded peace
Go adele!
Loved how honest she was on
20ThingsAboutMe 10 If you don't like me I could really care less.
Only had my Mac book for a couple of days and already can't imagine ever going back to a pc.
MACPC
Com law as favorite class?
Major league nerd.
Nerds rock.
It's not funny at all, my blood is boiling from that comment.
It's a serious issue that makes you upset.
see you there!
She was 100 serious
Somebody in the neighborhood is setting off fireworks.
Because, you know...
Mother's Day, I guess?
knicks don't have the desperation they need in an elimination game.
Must come out in the 3rd and play like their season is on the line
If it's moving there's a leak.
A running toilet can waste 2 gallons a minute.
Check by adding food coloring to the tank without flushing.
Why is that when we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have???
Just a thought...
A big THANK YOU to everyone who gave during the Get Up  Give North Texas Giving Day!
We'll have more information on the final numbers soon.
ty rosey!
...it's on lock, but has already started.
Once we establish a house of order guided by the teachings of Jesus Christ, we must take that standard of living with us where ever we go
LPEQD4M8 add me on live professorle :'
That awkward moment when you scream SHUT THE FUCK UP to your microwave, and it actually stops beeping.
Happy Memorial Day bro!
Always Ready to Work!
Wish I could come 3 :' Another time...Come to Connecticut.
We're such a small state, no one ever comes here3
Home from GB...A little work, shenanigans with PeggyA a typical sighting along with a great dinner at Chives.
The end of the semester is so close.
Only 2 more finals.
I just want to enjoy this beautiful weather.
It has been a Great day.
Timmy makes me very happy:
Laker fans keep hollering they got rings just like Dallas fans keep hollering they're still AMERICA'S team...THAT'S THE PAST!!!
randy moss should be there besides you bro....just saying...you wont score more than 8 tds...randy would have that in 3 games
who is IG?
what the hell is instagram
My fingers are crossed.
:
I have a desk again :D
Thank you for the RT!
Will we see you tonight?
Needs some help moving!
HEY OBAMA SAID IT BEFORE TIMES ARE GOING TO GET HARDER BEFORE THEY BETTER
Had to turn down tickets for today's game 3 times.
TakeThisJobAndShoveIt Let's go Crew!!
The smell of fall is in the air.
Great day for a doctorve and to teach a day of CE for
Woke up to texts from family/friends about what's going on in Chardon.
Wow
Music keeps my mind sane..
follow these fools:
working from home today.
was in downtown LA.
the air is so bad.....
Sounds like a great time
Does that mean Fenway is picked clean?
Fat Bottom Girls we make the rockin' world go run 
I wonder how many people who fall asleep on the train to work, miss their stops.
Came to get ice cream with Galindo :
when will u b back on 1st take?miss u.
Anyone have a topic/issue or person they would like us to cover on YOUR SHOW?
Let us know.
ARG!
Power supply died in my home server.
Need to find someone offering LaaS!
your weird lol
Have a great week!
Its national Wings  Dip Day!!!!!
LOL
wake up!!!!
I'm bored
Really?
:p I'd love to live in the UK !
Open your eyes sunshine.
Article of Faith...lol what WILL my bishop say?......
I'd change Christian to Human Being!
When you smile, I melt inside.
I'm not worthy for a minute of your time
it's decent.
starting to get cold.
it's cool though.
I'm trying to get serious about music....
Go for it!
Please, please videotape.
Happy 40th Birthday, mister Martin Brodeur.
I hope you have a miserable night.
what about make outs at fuzzys??
TWEET us your thoughts, feelings, views on knowledge.
Is it good?
Bad?
Ugly?
Show's tomorrow at 11, we'll shout out to all the tweeters!
Thanks for the follow and for reaching out.
I see we're all on an email thread now, so let me look into this.
I'll get back to you.
this makes little to no sense.
We're open until 9pm tonight for the First Friday Art Trail you can buy and browse.
Free wine, cool art, cool people!
Headed back to Maryland tomorrow!
I'm going to miss this family..
Yea no problem : 3
good idea thx!
I luv bread but it goes right to my hynie..
I am such a fatty!
many classes 45 minutes, another reason why solid advisory program is a must, best if teacher follows the stdnt through school
perfect timing for halftime of the Badgers game so i can watch the new episode of
Pie R squared
When you figure out you've been playing something wrong for the past 3 months 
yes, I keep saying we have to Skype but we really do!
I need to hear all about your life and what you're doing for summer
when do you come back?
MostAdded Fantasy Baseball Pitchers from Week 3: Fans Review
These guys are a DISGRACE!!
Go after Obama, talk about Supreme Court Nominations, etc.
Congrats reporter Marty S.
gets 3rd place Star Investigative Reporting
trail finished up Friday and the verdict came back in our favor!
maybe gibs is streaming?
not sure
Makeup that is good for your skin bit.ly/qXzs65
Lightening is god applauding, said a counter protester in West Allis.
Lo Lo Luv Luv Love Love Love Loving Loving Loving U U U You You You You My My Sis Sis Sister.
Sister to sister luv song lol
hi!
Fusible interfacing is the trick for tshirts.
:
Seated, in the Exit row, this plane is like a ghost town.
On my way to Philly!
not in my room and it's night haha :
Over/under on  of times this season that Bobby Valentine will say his quotes were taken out of context?
50?
waves are sick!
get on it!
I'll see you out there.
S/O to everybody who following me!
Big things 2012 DOPE MUSIK
A4.
Just had great opportunity IRL to meet Twitter friends  Who's Who at SoSlam conf.
great networking!
A Congress that passes CISPA is a House that needs to be evicted election time.
!!!!!!!
Listen to your pizzeria..thank you!!
RT We dont often give out advice, but when we do, we recommend you check out
I'm fine with that.
Fine with a mental day, too.
But people who want him out of the lineup until he starts hitting are crazy.
There were a few other little things they did that I like also.
I really like seeing the full titles and authors underneath.
Stronger than before, when your life becomes a war, set the world on fire 3
I cosign that
Twitterific is form me!
maybe.
I'm not going to thrat shit show.
Because if you're talking about Dominos that chocolate molten lava cake thing is actually perfect.
That is bizarre.
Tyler needs to work on his classics.
kings ont swap flies they have fly swatters
Good.
Walker voters even more provoked to fight back: Gander Mt caves cancels NRA Eau Claire event/CALL: 6513254300 WIRIGHT
classes, babysitting, and most importantly lots of terrace time!
look what you've done.
right.
Only benefit to staying is not moving.
esp if you want sandwiches!!
Send Astro home.
Who's ready to help out Black Dog Animal Rescue and win fabulous Halloween themed goodies at the same time???
haha.
I know seriously I think it's one of those 2 also.
Leaning more towards Zab.
Rios still showing he's not mature enough
i gotta pee so bad
the one that really jumped out at me was in calling it a lie that US gives foreign aid to Cuba/Venezuela when it is in fact true
I didn't realize Chuck had a web site!
Love his work.
:
Lucky!!
That's my favorite restaurant: 33
SOMETHING MAKE MY HEAD BLUR
come on Blazers, 4th quarter rally!!
I do not relish anyone dying, but at least Andoctorw Breitbart cannot spread any more hate!
Love is misused and mistaken so much
The Cadavers as I refer to them have been around in one form or another since the early 1990s.
the account of essence by some oooers indicates that no, there is a rejection of processual, performative identity
There is not a place you will go that God is not there...
Pastor Thomas Bessix
that is highly unfortunate and shows what the district values alcohol money not
HighBloodPressure Prostate Infections Prostate Infections
When people start fighting over who gets to use my Netflix 
but your still on probation ....lol
If I were not going to be in a meeting, I would be listening to and at 11EDT on I'm With Stupid
No prob!
Glad you and are having fun :
RT : Come see the sculpture of artists DougMikeStarn made out of AcidEtchedGlass needles exhibition!...
I knew I wasn't offbase with that one.
We like solving problems.
It's in our nature.
We probably need the challenge :D
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
OESA excited to learn about some opportunities for me in the automotive industry!
IKR I don't ever get enough sleep.
It's like a weekend, it goes by in like 3 mins.
Examples from show highly individualized research practices of historians and engagement with both digital/analog.
Not to alert anyone but I may be pregnant...with a ghost.
Working on some new tracks today.
I'm just sayin you could do better.
Headed to Nashville!!
Can't WAIT to see tonight!
:D
I missed my flight wth I need to go.to school
someone text me.
bored cantsleep 
Now that I have my account back..
WHAT IT DO!?!
Haha oh god I'm white.
I wonder where Mark Sanchez is on the list?
we'll take it!
Marquette...See you at 11:30 if any of you are still alive after senior week.
15th and Wells...
hey justin love u much
I know but oh well..they call you that or Aubrey's lover ;
Nm working my ass off
YAY!
RT : Victory!
Thank you to everyone who voted for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
We...
Just started Unit 1 of CS 101: Building a Search Engine  There's still time to enroll if you want to learn Python in 7 weeks :
Pole work is hard
my doctoram is to have as many people follow me on twitter!
or reweet my post 100 times!
neversaynever RT RT RT!!!!
Niino Pedoctor ?
x
Huge list of songs that people are wanting me to cover it's gonna be tough with school going I'll keep going strong!!
Just like !:
Mom is taking pictures of her alcoholic doctornk while her kindergartener orders a side salad..
always makes my day!
Sony Xperia Play Themes  Free Download  Pinoy Technologies
Bad day today my braces broke glass went thru my shoes at school and cut me and I started bleedin all over the place and I had food poisonin
No spam served here!
I didn't mean to offend in unfollowing.
I'm happy to follow you againno need to reciprocate.
I haven't been wearing makeup I want my face to breathe for a minute
Night pug.
Gotta love 80s night at belvederes
: ImMadBecause be playing with my money!
Its the PRINCIPALITIES of the situation.
Stop it!
lol
see you in PHX what time do you arrive?
Bout to head to the crib, doctornk a protein shake, get my clothes ready for tomorrow, do a little promo then go back to the gym.
Dance around a magical couch.
RT WWJD
It just occurred to me that someone must have to taste test dog food.
And now I'm a little nauseous.
U should come enter the giveaway hosted by
I love the new professorle pic.
be cool, he aint there yet but its getting closer.
WeWon'tWork if you don't love and listen to his songs with me.
Let's go Rangers!
I'm in an oversized sweater and glasses at a tattoo parlor in AdMo.
I'm going to stop there and let curiousity get the best of you.
do whatever you want to do!
its your hair isnt it?
:
is holding a live Sound Bath recording tomorrow from 6 to 8 pm  gongs, crystal bowls, piano, percussion  mantras
Feedin Tariffs as zombiekillers?
Business Green
Happy Mothers Day to you fabulous mamma's to be
Happy Birthday !
I hope you have a wonderful birthday!!
sadly, you're right.
i know, when i came in a little after you left she came running to me and was like weres your boyyyfrrriiieeennnddd alex?
hah!
Create conversation!
oh for me?
time machine for sure.
Around 30 so that i can experience some changes lol ;
Be the first to work and the last to leave.
Set an example with your peer's.
Be a leader and a teacher.
Use the 10 ft.
rule, smile  say hi!
Fireball frenzy.
Xanadu.
New age jock paradigm
josie!
how come you weren't on mcc much tonight?
: UConn isn't in the MAC.
At least not yet.
There's a difference between MAC BigEast football?
U compelet me.
I need a ac
Yeah I said LP
Thanks, appreciate the support

omg , next weekend is my first tournament 3 ..
CAN'T WAIT !
Wide awake vibin to all types of music jus in my zone
: Congrats to Jason Vincent on the big win at amazing day all around.
its whats for lunch....and dinner.
Can't beat a five dollar footlong sandwich.
lol very sad but true.
hey...i'll take it!
MILWAUKEE  Frontier Airlines will cut nearly 500 Milwaukee area employees as part of a major service reduction in Milwaukee.
Training Placement BA By Barnessoft at ...
Business Analysis Jobs
If people don't like what they're seeing, they move.
Exactly why brands must provide relevant content via
.
GOP worst MBA Presidents?
Hoover had a business degree so did GWB and so does
At Starbucks w/ a semidecent internet connection before checking in another Casino Hotel with shitty internet connection....
...
thanks!
yes we love the Sandals and Torquays!
Good morning guys
do it!
I will never say never!
I will fight..
I will fight till forever!: 33 I Love JB .:
Super tired and about to go to track....merrrrrrrpppppp :/
where u at dawg?

LOVE MY FANS COME VISIT ME
laying in my bed, haha.
:
You are looking mighty fine indeed!
CU Veterans will hold their initial meeting today at 2pm in GRW 108.
Looking forward to seeing you there.
Please notice my page, made it yesterday!
COME TO CHICAGO WITH THE BOYZ :
Congrats on the check!
Now lets watch Bikini Barbershop: Jersey on HDNET to celebrate!
Childoctorn get to fly free?
That'd be sweet.
;
Congrats guys!
RT : Today we're proud to announce LFX, our platform to unlock the value of subscribers everywhere...
TODAY WAS CRAzzy
Watching some weird thing about haunting in connecticut..?
No such thing as a hangover!!!
Rural Innovation conf in MadWITakeaway on working togetherU can't fear what u MIGHT losefocus instead on what you WILL gain.
The blood still hasn't stopped.
Doctor tomorrow.
Ha!
Love this!
oh my dear lord.
So cute.
Morning everyone!
Hope you have a blessed day!
Xo!
Not funny.
Try again.
RT : if your a Spurs fan you gotta be at least 50 yrs old...
...i hope you jokin, nigga please...i stay true to my ppl!
neva switched up!
ha
Obama's study looks to be entirely about how to Get Things DONE.
hey, Rmoney doesn't need to study dishonesty!
THANKS GUYS!!!
m hmm, denial..
Why is this happening
Baby I can feel myself givin upp
Stop by to check us out
Dem Congressional Campaign Committee hungry.
Wants5,000 donations today to show Democrats are united and have what it takes to win?
recall
The social engagement with customers using chatter is kind of amazing.
We are definitely going to be using these tools.
The Thelonious Monk Institute is playing LIVE right now here at Jazzbah!
Omg crying.
Out to eat with the bae
Yes im on my phone while your talking to me,, because im going to tweet about you,,
I know like ASAP!!
Like this weekend!!
:???
Maybe?
Pretty excited about today's knit crash course
can you take us from belltown to the airport tomorrow morning super early?
Had a staight up gangster call me Holmes when I returned his toddler that was walking down the sidewalk alone.
Birthday Special: Zero fees from DFS on any deal submitted today for a merchant cash advance.
Medium and large kids or womens?
I have your addoctorss, will put them in the mail in the morning.
how do some people tweet 24hours?
i just cant!
RelationshipsNowsdays; 1 boy, 1 girl, 1 Ex trying to mess it up  1 friend secretly hoping it ends.
No one has a perfect childhood; there are always events and experiences that affect you, and may still affect you today.
I'll Be Off At 7....If Not Thurs Then Friday?
we don't have to come in the 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th?
bitches a do n e thang behind a nigga back!
TUFF

For my soldiers who see the sun at midnight.
Sleep is not your friend.
We going in , We going in !!!!!
Has anyone tried Koga kickboxing yoga?
Sounds like the local tweetup scene was cancelled on account of Jesus.
Rochester, never change.
I love when you post about work bc I have fun thinking about who you might be referencing.
I miss you!
'I'm unavailable' myPhrase ; WTL RT : Sometimes I think it's better to just say friggin single!
: if you'd like a killer right hook for dinner.
That's my girl!
How ya been?
I got some new tracks that's so crazy!
Sometimes whn I feel like I can't do no better I do better.
We are too!!
so this is your other twitter well I will follow u on this
Omg I got a D.
are you team Dawson or Pacey?
Everyone dont forget in less than 30 min now, Betty White's New Show Off Their Rockers starts on NBC.
Why does certain things happen to me when i do not want them to and when i do they don't!
Grrr!!
..
just because he's friends with cody
China military warns of confrontation over seas
I've almost asked 99 times and I know u r busy, my g/f is such a fan and couldn't get a autograph in PDX.
Anyway to get one?
I guess I notice it more because I live off of Belmont and always see Brn Midway on the sign at the Belmont station
Sounds good Donats!!
This is SO freaking true!
RT : Here's The Deal...NO matter what problem YOU face, there's always an Elegant Solution!
It'd be great if the Orioles won the AL East.
Like really great.
No time to loose trend happybirthdayjboogz treanddd
new to me.
I've been here a couple of years but can't get use to it.
Hope that fire wasn't too close to your building.
Looks nasty.
I dont even like LeBron or the Heat..they weak for teaming up but you do what you gotta do to a ship I guess...

Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains.
Mary Pettibone Poole
Like a Bat Out Of Hell...Don't miss it 2niteMeat Loaf Tribute Dashboard Lights starts at 9:30.
10 21...See The Show
13 years in the biz and still one of the most talked about women in the world..BritneyXFactor!
You're favs could never!
What's up fellow EDM heads??
Appreciate the follow  stay up!
Episode 2 of Anderson Cooper's Show.
Glad he addoctorssed his recent giggling fit re: G.
Depardieu.
Important issues first!
Here it is
: Premiere issue of Models Unleashed presents:..
doctorps July 4th!!!
Release party at ?
..
yummy yum yum
I wish HSciMedTech's RSS feed would display the article body, and not just links w/ the article title.Are all of HNet's feeds like this?
What's up!?
ok love
Yes, I did!
Can you follow so we can DM ya the number?
Thanks.
lol to funny
You should come to Cali and meet your 1 fan!!: 33 ILoveYouAustin I wish you would notice me3
: can't DM u cause you're not following me LOL.
Yes, you have permission 2 use pics I mentioned this in the original email.
Im just waiting for the final bell to ring at 4:05 so I can go get my haircut 
Try to behave!
RT : Vegas bound!
How is this my first time?
Sounds good.
See you then!
That person that is always annoying .
Would having the line, I know the punchline to the doesyourfacehurt joke in my novel help or hinder promotion of my book?
When I told mister Lincoln my assessment of the situation at Fort Sumter and Governor Pickens' bloodthirst, his expression fell.
ya know.
ABDC.
boys are le back
best food so far in France  India and Pakistan restaurant...
delicious
I'm disappointed in how didactic ALL THE RIGHT STUFF by Walter Dean Myers is.
So far it's a philosophy class.
There's 1 day a year when I truly want a salad: the first warm day of spring.
Today is that day.
But srzly it's burritos from here on out.
So at crawdaddys we get sat in a room with a party of 26 holy loud l..
I hope the food is good
Did I tell you I LOVE your icon???
OMG!!!!!!
It was amazing to have you in the film!!
Safe travels :
Moot question?
Dissertations are a bunch of cobbled together articles anyway.
When a girl says suck my dick , everyone laughs.
But if a guy says eat my pussy .....shit gets awkward!
bout 2 take a power nap.......
I know they were supposed to finalize it this morning but it doesn't appear to be posted yet.
Browns for life.
Cleveland for life.
Goodnight.
Bloodbath  Eaten
i hope colleagues and weren't watching Super Bowl together.
Try to smack the ish out of Anderson's guns!
Maybe its just me, but plunking a guy then having him embarass you by stealing home is way worse then giving some donk his first career HR.
Maybe they don't But in my experience, many do or enter thinking they do.
Important to show options.
WHO'S READY FOR RAIN ALL WEEKEND??
Morality is not solely the province of relition  Dawkins
So happy that some STS134 NASATweetup tweeps will finally get to see RSS retract  Endeavour.
Enjoy.
Congrats on kicking ass on your shoot today....WARDEN!
:
I can see that.
Generally when creativity strikes you probably think faster than can type...
and that's ok, right :
Ready for the first sell out of the year?
Only 3 weeks until Opening Day!!!
Guess who won Kiss Concert Tickets?
I'm might have to get SF vs Tekken now.
how is everyone doing today ?
My sister just got socked in the face, literally my sis smacked me in the face with a sock lol
aww didn't see you where r u guys.
ND: Damon is trying to make sure she's happy and what makes her happy is Stefan.
And she still has hope that Stefan can be saved.
Stelena 
RT : Don't ask me how I know this: You can get a fleshlight case for the !pad, so yes you can do it w/ebooks.
I thought Colts would give him a position.
He mentioned he'll be back in his press conference ...
Dogs and Cats and Cancer...............
How to help and Change this?
Selling your home is stressful.
I am a professorssional and will make your move easier.
I make house calls.
Call me.
hanging with my sister and cameran watching degrassi marathon.
fun times!
RIP Michael Jackson
Just met Eric darius before his great jazz show ton
Normally I'd say an 8 point lead is nothing but in this game it may as well be 28 points
We shall dance...
: Dear , please record your version of Crazy Beat so I can dance my face off.
Totally ignoring your mum!
Hester is the fucking man boy
just recorded the tabla for the song machine guns sounds awesome vell done mithun!!!
The circumstances of our lives have as much power as we choose to give them.
David McNally
Some people will stay in your heart, even if you are gone in theirs.
God bless all the families that lost loved ones ten years ago today....
Can't recommend enough.
This combo sandwich is just fantastic.
And humungous.
Text messages are quick, only taking a few seconds to hit thousands of phones at the same time.
www.zesmo.com
MY BEST FRIEND HAS 3 DOGS...: PEPSI , ROMEO ,JUILET..LOL:D
Your opinions about me  you can save them.
if you can only pick one, I say Natural History.
capitalism has no place in healthcare.
that's hot lol
lol.
I am just glad you found one.
Don't hesitate to call me Monday.
Have a great weekend!
Appt got rescheduled I hate when that happens
i ran 5 miles today and if you would have told me that a few months ago I woulda called u crazy.
it wouldn't let me
Watching kill it with and Greg Schutte at the !
Sometimes I can't help myself for loving life this much!
When do they play Seattle?
last night was just great!!!!
Thanks for talking to me!
I love you guys!
RT : Our newest Biker Lifestyle Network girl!
Check her out and click thumbs up or stumble to spread the word!...
Hope everyone's Monday was Great!!
Thanks for the RT and glad you like the pics!
Its well known that Bill Clinton doesn't mean it when he says I love my wife.
Well can you blame him?
for sure
I'm so jealous of how excited the seniors must be knowing that they have 8 days left of school
You should also put some pants on.
: Day 4 of doctorary rain means I am rocking hot pink leopard rain boots with zero shame.
One has to wonder  What were all those people around Whitney Houston doing for her?
Sad how very sad!!
Ew im never sleeping with my window open again.
I got bug bites..everywhere!
yikes....what a toolbag
Sunshine  rain at the same time.
Always enjoyable.
planning stages for the garden 2012
DO NOT RETWEET THIS TWEET!
Congrats Wes!
TULawAlum RT : GableGotwals Welcomes Wes Pebsworth as a new Associate.
He will focus his practice on litigation.
Ya miss ONE turn  you're whole morning is screwed.
Ugh.
So do i!
I remember half the battle between my friends and I, was making a creative name.
Turn on Tuesdays check out
beautiful kirtan last night with the Basement Bhaktis.
Now watching TED and uh...tweeting.
Tweet.
OH: There are ways to not break up with me and still have a good laugh.
as an irishman, i can tell you it's paddy not patty.
american culture has somehow mixed this up.
Q: Who's the best Bond?
A: Some say municipal, some say treasury, but I'm oldschool: assetbacked securities.
Men these days are fcking pussies.
What kind of guy waits for the girl to call?
I faced the same dilemma!
hi Francisco Happy Monday.
I hope you don't hate Mondays
if obma lies about and hides his positions before the election, what mandate would he have if he wins?
Talking idol on in just a bit.
U not mad are u ...I know u not
ok first of why do you want it egave a reson and i will gave you it
omg you guys!!!!!!!
i'm so touched!!
hope you are on tomorrow, i'll give you a small tour on Legna world
Thank you for the retweet.
: thanks for following
Hi : why such an awkward hi Alexa
RT A favor gonna kill you faster than a bullet Carlito Brigade..
Once In A Lifetime is NOW!!!
The Rock vs John Cena!!!
acrylic paints
I like one direction :
PEOPLE are buying used cars as they cannot afford payments for a new car due to high gasoline prices
SO TRUE!!
WHY DO PEOPLE FOLLOW PEOPLE THEY CLEARLY DONT LIKE?
I KNOW..THE DEVIL TOLD THEM TO FOLLOW.
whos mad at cellz?
make a diss record for em' im riding
haha!!
Happy twitter to you too!
:
NYTIMES article predicts paper will be going away  great news for fine art and photography collectors.
See STEVE LOHR's article.
yup bored
Ughh..sometimes I'm just not in the mood to talk,that's exactly when people start messaging me.
hi Ari!
Hope today u see my tweet, : I love u a lot3 you're so sweet!
If u to see, follow me and reply?
Xoxox!
Pls
Obviously Jaime is your fave starkid, but who's your second fave?
:
Taking the day to do wedding prep, and it's been a productive one so far: just found out we fly FREE to CR with my reward points!
Just let us know when and we'll clean them up for you.
:
Student loan forgiveness is another wellmeaning populist idea that will cause more problems than it will solve.
yes!
Him and Griffin are really going overboard with the flopping
you need to get back on here!!!
Lol
You know it!!
MS paid 8.5B for Skype and will make that money back in operating cash flow in 116 days.
Grandma: look at this bitch flashing her gang signs at me!
Me: grandma...
She's deaf.
Thoroughly enjoyed the performance of Strange Interlude by the STC tonight.
Makes me want to revive the word lover in my vernacular.
great tips!
Already liking the Buffer App
how about a visit to the states soon?
America loves you :
Yaa with the help of some dirty bank shots...
That backboard was not regulation
What's the matter?
It would be fair for to review extensive work.Few others in SoCal have done more to attract interest to Baja
BLUEBIRD Cafe this Friday night!
UroMeds employees have a personal connection in understanding their customers urinary health and incontinence needs, as 20 of UroMeds...
Truth : Season Tix start at 125.
Others at 160, 175, 250, and 320 based on location.
Best deal in life.
Im blocking the rest of Bebes time today.
Dont wanna be here all day.
Charlotte half marathon with the one, the only tomorrow morning.
EXCITED!
With Amare and Boozer migrating to the east, is the west now the weaker conference??
Dozens of Santee citizens speaking 2 council against power plant moving near its borders.
So pleased we are going to work together 1 says
Holy boom boom!
This thunder is crazy!!!!
finding conversations isn't creepy.
If you're posting something to SM you're looking for engagement
Was he not jolly?
better get out of bed !
Out to Chinese with my best friend.
:
haha i was having a good day:D
And as well.
I wanna text you right now ...
So much to catch up on so bear with me if you're waiting for an email or phone call.
No rest for the wicked!
:
you have stood me up snow!!
where art thou?
Life is funny.
When I was the one into him, people tell me He's a kid, he's disgusting, he's ugly.
And now they're DATING?
Swimming will just kill me today
Me: mom can we buy these plz Mom: why, u dont like doctored mangoes Me: cuz there greysons favorite3 mom: 
Happy Ujamaa!
Lil'Wegi Hustling For This Record Deal......
Tryna Open Door's For Alot Of People In My Life.
Yikes indeed.
hey!!
Glad you remember that day and had fun!!!
Buffet!
just kiddin' of course we will be there  Oh Snappin'!
Because the best way to spend a Saturday after is reading a book about pathology and toxicology
Delighted to see several of our clients shortlisted for ILTA11 Distinguised Peer Awards.
Looking forward to the Gala Dinner tonight.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Keep on tweeting positive and enlightening messages.
Give thanks everyday, each day is a gift.
:
Oh I know that feeling exactly!!
It is much worth it once the headaches  worn out feeling goes away
we're excited to be there on Sat!
can u plz follow me
Haven't been on here for a while trying to get back into the swing of things : 333
romney dodge all night, wow
we love it
And you know this how?
lies 
Working on a project for a hockey team.
Will need your thoughts later tonight.
Hope you'll speak up.
And I saw Devils on Horseback on another menu today!
By chance anyone today wearing your brewers shirts with the logo on the back?
I am in agreement with you...
It all starts with vision!
What will it take to get you to spend your sports dollar on UWM athletics?
SportsRadio
Y Water for Elephants was GREAT 1.
I HEART Midgets 2.
Robert Pattinson is in it.
3.
It confirmed I REALLY want to be in the Circus
Happy Birthday to the most amazing guy ever love you.!!
3
I wish I lived at LA or Tronto.
wow, I knew the Kardashians were big bitches, but is an even bigger one.
People that make minimum wage work harder.
What he said  RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
This AP test today
Hm, not working?
You on your phone?
Kobe really should test for gm7
Good Night....I follow back Always so follow me!
: 333
This new family guy
have you ever gone to the dachshund day parade they have downtown every year at washington square park?
Good Morning!
Wishing everyone a Blessed day!
Buckeyes please crush the Syracuse Orange men.
These gadgets won't be ubiquitous for years.
Can we talk about practical ways to apply this futurist mindset to our jobs right now?
G.O.O.D Music
hey im not just ur body part im a part of the teen wolf so i was wondering if u could please follow me and reply and maybe a SO
Are you still creeping biebs..?
BY ANY CHANCE, NOTICE ME..?
ILY TO DEATH...
thank you!
I think I will!
I gotta a fun night planned ;
We still did not answer the questions that are important to us  Paulo Coelho
Big of him.
sorry meant UNC.
Same front runner bullshit if you ask me.
always working on songs.
No releases this year, but working on it.
Vegas is perfect right now.
90's.
pool weather..
of course.
I'll want to pick your brain later.
my bright red '93 chevy lumina is sold and I'm moving tomorrow..
things are CHANGING!
ready for you, Virginia!
Class at work :
RT : I never mind layovers in Minneapolis  St.
Paul...
is one of the best airports in the country.
Having multiple cute coworkers.
Ppl don't wake up  do this.
Either they knew/ignored or weren't aware how crazy he was.
Not everyone needs 2 be around ur family
Any noteworthy experiences at pickup night?
Our editor discovered
on the contrary to what you heard, it is not the Final frontier.
make the trip.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
Thanks for the welcome!
: We're glad to be here!
We must of been here before , it's fresh on my mind 
Ask him if he's hit puberty yet.
Feels like I've been waiting forever.
, i just cant get you off my mind ....

I have a new philosophy.
Im only going to doctorad one day at a time.
Charles M.
Schulz
i don't want to get out of my car.
it's too cold :/
HISD trustee Galloway just took Rodoctorguez to task for insensitive remarks.
Advisory Committee recommends whooping cough vaccines for over 65s
are you guys ready for the summer?
what are your plans?
bands such as Bring Me The Horizon, Arch Enemy, and At The Skylines.
We just released our new song See You At The Top on iTunes!
Check it!
However many ways there may be of being alive, it is particular that there are greatly more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
why cant every boy be like justin bieber??: 3
starting small, making farfalle pasta with shrimp, asiago cheese, spinach, cherry tomatoes, olive oil, balsamic vinegar.
I'm writing a super hero story in my english class, And guess who are the most awesome kick ass heros?!
3
I love you, but I love myself more.
haha sadly I don't know how.
:
Welp.
Floyd sealed it.
wat u doing
Can't get enough!
Dats da hook rite der!!!
Live it up, you're only young once.
hey girl!
Can you recommend some good fashion blogs for me to follow?
:
winter is listed alongside/other types of death  the classifieds/express longing against beaded coalfires/in the sweating hearth
So is 18 and it is like yesterday he was 15.......
now you are
thanks for you post on TC today!
We're excited to watch the live stream of
BRB stripping to Madonna.
Dance like THE WIND, Greeny.
But, uh, just not like Golic's wind, okay?
ahahahahhahah!!!!!!!!!!!
we need a tumblr dedicated to slugs
feeling miserable today  so not cool
Leadership  In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer.
Super excited to be launching the new nextgengov website today!!
I prefer her with dark hair.
Did you know the funeral was tomorrow?
Thanks!
It was weird enjoying my doctorve to work today for the first time ever.
I have been a stay at home Mom  am currently a working Mom.
Both deserve respect.
Snarky feminists do not speak for us!
Why did God give men nipples?

Forgive others often, yourself n ever.
I applaud California's governor for doing what's necessary and right by raising taxes so schools don't lost funding
Loved Pasquale's beautiful performance of my song.
It's mislabeled on songcloud, though.
It's called MOON ALLEY.
The plain working truth is that it is not only good for people to be shocked occasionally, but absolutely necessary to the progress
What's in your RSC?
Town Hall Mtg Tonight!
7pm 25 W Preston St.
Dessert reception and election of board members, Development update and preview of new website!
hi thanks for the follow we can share tips and information
Thanks!
RT :  thanks for the follow.
Yikes  you guys have everything there!
Cheers!
nails done hair done everything did ;
Looks like this weather is going to keep me trapped inside today 
First Western rehersal today!
Michigan interception at midfield seals deal.
yes why ??
RT As human beings,our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the worldas in being able to remake ourselvesGandhi
In the market for a new gas grill.
Does anyone have any recommendations or tips?
The next card will be doctorpped soon....hurry and find the current card on doctorggs and manhattan ave
Thanks for the Lean Challenge support.
Proud to be a New Mexico startup!
Winslow doctorps a wide open game tying conversion in the 4th against the undefeated champs bahaha closure complete
That's classy...
snort pills in class and you do cocaine.
Off to Upenn grasp lab today.
Hope to see a recreation of the bond theme quadcopters.
Maybe they cab lend us one.
Omg Robbin was a pop star in Canada!
Lmfaoooo let's go to the mall.
Hahaha HIMYM nw season 2
I'm already Westing, with musket and sextant.
Somebody That I Used To Know/Levels mix makes me panties wet 
glad I had two near death experiences tonight !
lol
verly good top of the morning to ya down under from 2 countries, and three states.
don't know why i feel so tired.
Fresh the fuck out call it young prince swag
nice dog, go hard in bmore
great big questions, thanks!
Off to cheddars with the fam
Feels like lightening running through my veins every time I look at you...
RT  Damn!
I want to go to Miami...my mans Reggie play for the dolphins just moved down there and said it likes it
Yea, Fingerprints is a modern classic.
I loved it, though I didn't agree with every theory.
He's a really good writer.
1 MT : Hartford: We were never that good at obeying laws we didn't like.
Time for some or civil disobedience?
Mildly spoilery: the endings negate the resolutions made so that everything can happen again slightly differently in next book
49ers don't have many needs.
Makes them more prone to pkg picks.
Have need at G.
Harbaugh trades up for DeCastro?
Officially launched the new company today: www.bakerblessitt.com Contact me with your training or tech writing needs!
Boss lady
True under certain circumstances; not all.
The exception isn't the rule.
It's shitty to project personal experiences onto others
Foggy af out here!
I thought that homeless people hotspot shit was a joke at first.
That has me rollin.
Where is their dignity?
don't think so but there should be.
If I were a congressman who wanted to be a mayor I'd think about it.
That was a great Bikram class.
Now dinner.
mini vacations r nice
Having an audition across from my fave boutique is torture.
The temptation to shop is greater after a post audition high NOTrichfamousYET
thanks for coming!
Nothing shouts importance louder then silence.
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity  Don Cupitt
happy birthday !
live it up for your 21st!!!!
love you muah :
LOL  Can't wait!
RT : Which is why you get the prize in the mail soon!
.
Did someone say 'beer?' cc
She too sticky  dirty right now...
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
RT : Spalter  Deliberate and speedy approach to auction design and implementation imperative.
mmtcforum YES
Packing reading for a trip is definitely one of the times I consider emedia!
Never worry about numbers.
Help one person at a time, and always start with the person nearest you !!
We've all done that.
It's a phase.
have any exciting plans Saturday night?
I was thinking about going up there.
Resiliency gives birth to your vocation.
Relationships mature it.
Love seals it.
Leadership fulfills it.
Programmers think better in code.
I think I just found a good reason for using cucumber to force people outside their comfort zone
GOD I KNOW
i actually wasn't even interested in the listingjust amused by idea of 11thfloor apt on street I know doesn't have tall bdgs
Iknww I freakin missed you boo.!
: Missed track this year, so i missed my bby :/
please keep in touch.
Awesome!
We're honored to be your sign company forever!
:
Had horrifying doctorams last night about being attacked by wild dogs in Africa.
Interpretation?
Hope they get better soon!
Oh.
Soundcloud has storage limits...
Unless you pay.
Anyone know a good free alternative?
hey man do you think Morris for Detroit will have a good game today?
Imma scrub it today for once.
lol i know!
Being single is ss boring.
nope, just implying you suck dick.
Was going to say...may not be either of those!
Will get my 1st taste of MCO/FL in 2 weeks.
Now hootfest needs to come even faster!
These performers are awesome!
3
Hi Dianne : i hope to see you guys soon :
2 Corinthians 5:17 KJV Therefore if any man b n Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
OMG you my girl.
I wanted you to slap her ass.
It could be mint.com for travel programs, probably same revenue model.
If it's not out there let's start it!
Let's Get Dis Money!
AKON SHIT SO U KNOW ITS ON LOCK
Key word listened.
re: last tweet
I got a shirt made that says I 3 Deezy Austin and PSanders!!!
Ashley is the greatest person ever
oh Phil!
hahaha I just don't wanna go puke on someone.
Looking for my favorite color.
Cannot decide between purple and beige.
Congrats to on their acquisition
How's YOUR job search going?
Social networking is a free job trapping tool!
Get Linked in and start connecting.
www.linkedin.com Good Luck
What in the hell is DowntonAbby?
Here's the MildoctordPierce preview from :
Is my teacher really playing Justin Beiber in class right now?
S/O to for the follow get at me sometime sweetheart!!!!
says Senate Health will vote on FamilyCare bill tomorrow
If I want to reach my doctorams, I must take advantage of it as it passes by.
Chicken noodle soup  sleep!
Feel better!!
RT A promise, is a promise.
You can't just break it, and expect me to be okay.
: I wish daddy issues could be traded for something better than single dollar bills.
haha
i want to go shopping!!
:/
will play book and future blackberry phones have Skype?
Can somebody please explain why we had to spend so much time learning about Tenochtitlan in elementary school?
New Coben book coming out on the 23rd!
Im wide awake now that orlando scared the living shit out of me
The Wiz!
RT: I'm obsessed with watching the Gladiator!
What movie do you watch over and over again?
fb
My bro don't have his charger oh boy
Clubbing in SA is not worth the money...no more
bitches!
: Hooters with and :
is next week your excoworker edition?
It's cold ,When i get cold it's really cold
RUwriting doctorveby poetry committed 's door.
Got some OG lit up in Sedgwick.
Sorry, in the General session.
:
Storyopolis entertainment got incredible work from english illustrator allison jay.
Adversity doesn't build character, it reveals it.
I DIDNT SAY THAT I WAS JUST TRYING TO GET TO KNOW U ......
Sip wine  WSWB  help the world : RT : The problem with the world is that everyone is a few doctornks behind.
Humphrey Bogart
Brilliant idea!!
You guys need to record those shows sell directtofans with that new setup
Rewrites....audio editing...and production development.
Obama's inaction on Amendment 1 was really shameful.
open the fb message you want to get rid of and click on the actions tab.
There is a list of things to do there.
Worry not about control of your startup; 10 of a watermelon isbetterthan 90 of a grape.
first i need 6 more followers
You will NEVER lose when God is your head coach....iwin!
I grew up in Cbus!
Blue Danube a mile north on High St.
is a campus fav.
You can now follow Rebecca
sweet both pretty awesome books I like the golden compass.
Which musical performer inspires you?
I know!
But this is probably the only time it will happen, plus we have to go back for finals after we finish :/
Role play emotions with kidswhat do you do when you are happy, sad or frustrated?
stop this nonsense!!!
Not doing shit in first and amber isnt here to keep me company!
:
so i guess wants to let everyone know how hot she is by her new avi.
Just a reminder of how unattractive the rest of us are..
Yo!
Remember the old Filthy Phil's??
Check it out tonight, it's now Catalina's and Dj's Trademark, Delikacy, and myself will be rocking...
All Guestroom renovations are now 100 complete
nwp all are invited; DM; we practice M  T for W
ah you gained many followers over night.
Lol
haha I know!!
but its catchy.....
YMCMB
haha, well then dont EVER dump her
What a horrible game by the Heat.
Battier and Wade's free throws are the main culprits
picking up a repaired machine
I like sitting down next to hot women, then I talk to myself to make it look like in talking to them hahaha
Right, people should know to queue in an orderly fashion to loot.
I'm seeing Can a Social Web of Things Keep TV Cords Connected sxsw Bluefin Labs has some interesting data marrying social to TV viewing
Give us your thoughts on Guillen!
Is his apology sincere?
2488481130
hey isn't it 's bedtime already?
Damn Cyrus is COLD!
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good doctornking water.
Aeschylus
I need a new xbox this one is a piece of shit!
: and follow me please it will make me happy and I'll love you even more!
;
on myspace for a change instead of fb
ugh.
write then lol.
Oh, this account is such a fail;
I have to manage to show my mom a good time for mothers day with 13 and a quarter of a tank of gas.
Wish me luck.
I can simply say I don't wanna be here anymore..
New Simmons GSLIS Dean's Fellow in the house  !
I'll be posting events, updates, pictures, and general awesomeness right here!
Sweet!
It's raining and the lawnmower will lie silent for another day!
Dorothy day ought to be required reading for Christians.
The long loneliness
RT : PRAYER FOR THE PEACE OF THE WORLD: May peace prevail on earth.
May peace be in our homes and countries.
Watching the end of White Christmas.
Totally NOT crying.
I had to get a cortisone shot in my elbow once....
Worse thing ever
5 minutes or 2 hours, doesn't matter as long as i get to hear your voice :
The challenge of Brutalism is that it requires a more complex conversation about both urbanism  adaptation/change.
Courtney Upshaw: To play with Ray Lewis, you doctoram of that one day.
No need to rusch into championship contention.
Patience is king.
Good night
Are you looking for 'real' history, or historical fiction re: American Civil War?
Damn it pancakes bury that shit man!!!
I see you ninja.
what's that link to watch the glee episodes?!
that may not be the only thing he wants to touch.
stay far far away
damn  thought u shoulda won that :
explain The Sims mechanic in one tweet?
Ppl want to talk about ugly ppl and can't even look in the mirror on themselves
the man vs food guy has to take the biggest shits on earth
omg ...
U didnt
Maiden Milwaukee and the Crazy 8s take home wins today.
Feel Better:
Anybody in HGHS got a dollar they could please give me ?
:
When I don't wana talk anymore I just annoy her cuz I know she guna say You want me to just let you go?
I want to be your Apprentice!!!
when does that show come back on??I love Celeb Apprentice Team TRUMP
holy shit you Ray Lewised her
Wrapping up our Culture and Sustainability fest with Rafique Keshavjee exploring Muslim examples of humanism via literature
Welcome to the Jets!!
It's been awhile since I've seen TBD on several dates of a concert itinerary.
Turn one of those into Sacramento, Built To Spill.
I can barley move my body!!!
Sore as hell o.O
This has been a really fun Valentine's Day.
Good food and great company.
I wonder in what part of the show does Mourinho teach the kids the art of eye poking
we sounded like rocket scientists!
Hell, I think I'm smarter in that state
And no poor woman would be in that bed...
A2: Traffic to website will happen organically if you show real expertise on your FB Page.
Fans will seek out your services
Lo key I'm getting a pay raise
i couldn't dm you cause your not following me
4famouswords that's what she said
I feel so sleepy 
yeah:/ well I gtg to bball I'll be back later so bye
packing, hit the road in the morning...
Terry McAuliffe is 7 fav to unfav in Virginia.
Doesn't bold well for someone who has been running for 3 years.
We need someone else.
ok well I would like to partake in one of these bar events soon
Running the Career Center for Librarians at the MA Library Association annual conference!
Just you get a lil money, fame and few niggas behind you dont mean shit once a pussie always a one
imagine this in our application for voting, tax allocation  legislature database, any citizen, in any language..
One more day of April, then my fave month for Indianapolis funMay!
What's your fave May event in Indy?
noble effort from you to avoid talking about the facts :
I think I'm gonna go for it today
If anyone cares, the first game of the 2011 ALCS will be tonight at 8:05pm on FOX.
Rangers vs.
Tigers.
Plan PURPOSEFULLY, prepare PRAYERFULLY, proceed POSITIVELY, pursue PERSISTENTLY!!!
Just a reminder the library will be closed this Sunday for Easter!
Enjoy the holiday!
what up
Everybody rides her, she's just like a bus route.
i am so borad
Hey, do you still swim?
I remember you were learning a while back..
There is healing power in the pool I tell ya!
It's my day to bring the beer for beerfriday.
I brought Ginger Ale.
Ale means it's beer right?
Our lives are pretty much the same lol RT Sundays are tv gold: MobWives, LongIslandMedium, and
but this time you know when he does you are in a better place and no matter what he says it does not phase you because you happy
Come thru Friday.
RT : Shall b there with 10 bad bitches looking like bags of money
Congratulations to Vancouver's Shawn Farquhar, new president of The Canadian Association of Magicians.
He is also current world champion.
Just called and got the voicemail hm
We have installed a new HD projector, come check it out.
We will be playing all the basketball games on it!
sorry it was born this size...
Rude
Wake Forest and Texas Tech are a couple of teams that are desperate for a win.
Should make for a good one to get the day started.
So high off of life right now.
lol.
Hung on well despite a pretty nasty schedule so far.
Could be a very real possibility!
RT : Michael Dell is hosting live video hangouts around business stories says
is watching the debate and commenting...
anyone else?
Today, April 19th is Allgood Elementary School Spirit Night from 58.
Come out and show your support for Allgood!
I'm collecting a bunch of items for a service project i'm in charge of for hospitalized childoctorn and their families.
Daily Special 2, Fri 05/11/12  Cup of chili  bologna sandwich, white/wheat/rye, w/ chips.
4.99.
Add slaw 1
Not that you should follow me, mind you, but I try not to do playbyplay.
:
Look forward to all new hoodies soon...
About to take a shower
Had a crazy night
Hope to see some of your faces at MURDERDEATHKILL tomorrow!
I'm sorry, did anyone else know that it's Friday?
I'm confused, it feels like Monday to me...
im going to acting class today i guess its a long road ahead lets do it !!!
JUST ABOUT TWELVE MORE HOURS!!!
AH!!
So excited, but so sad to see it all end.
sick, depraved, and psychotic.
like one in a million
The trivia question is up on FB.
Be the first to answer to win two tickets to Sunday's concert at MIT!
Noeleen: In crisis situations, there may be a dark horse at the company who ends up being a rockstar.
Get more people media trained
Watching it's always sunny in Philadelphia because it's fuckin hilarious
People who use metaphors and similes are as annoying as fingernails scratching against a chalkboard.
yup,caught up on some sleep also lol
Why is Bombay always making terrible decisions in these movies?!
Sorry about that Sara.
We are making preannouncements on the blog about layout changes.
So keep an eye out.
Good luck to our Chicago Run charity runners!
getting ready to have dinner with one of my old time favs.
Factoring can be a costeffective way of outsourcing your sales ledger while freeing up your time to manage the business
Can't wait for IGNITION tonight!
Message me if you would like to be on the VIP/guest list!
Hurry I have until 11!...
no I'm serious lol I want some for real
Did I just hear Santorum criticize Iran for trampling the rights of gays, or was that a glitch on my livestream?.
I've just been promoted to Level 7 in MobsterWorld.
Beat me in the game!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 games.
Don't know if it's enough.
There are consequences for actions/words.
He needs to think before speaking.
How the fuck did that happen
pleasure meeting you all at uxcampdc  looking forward to catching up more!
/cc:
and i know that you can find the time.
indulge me.
your cherry lips linger on mine.
x
MTV has gone from Music television to Maternity Television.
We humans are capable of greatness.
Carl Sagan
YES I have 3 ladies in NC!
Well i had higher expectations for tonight ..
Yeah he does but I thought they said he was three but if not
I've never heard you
Rainy days are boring days.
Want to know a secret?
J
We can't find any examples of fracking causing contamination of groundwater and we have looked says Gov.
Hickenlooper
Amazing and professorund.
What a gift, Steven.
Thanks for sharing.
It's sale day!
Come out and see us Huntley Rd, Columbus 43229!
Tons of stuff!
not if u dnt get caught!
Lol
So I like somebody :P
Time to turn off all devices and I'm trying to think of a hilarious article I read recently about why that while device off rule is BS
missed out on the soft launch this eve  open rest of week before grand opening?
Never sure how this works...!
force accountability, a more aggressive comment form submission process is required.
too many users hide behind fake usernames
now that's an accomplishment!
tears up No

and I LOVE to play sports!
MAMA'S BACK BITCHES
Gordon R.
Dickson The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action.
yep, you too!

now I'm following you :
and is he related to Reid laymance?
Played outside and went on a walk with the kiddos : coolin off inside watching some Mickey mouse.
aha you know it!
lol hbu u still a black canadian?
x
ur near my new office but I'm w ur old work people.
Side note  u might find me at ur door after work looking for Mischa :
Page number issue solved.
I could never in a million years replicate what I did, though, SO DON'T ASK.
Thanks!
It's not official yet, but I have full intentions on competing.
Just discovered the 'Read Out Loud' function in Adobe Reader.
Not advised for pdfs with code.
: Yu rite but damn his team ain't doin shit but gettin they ass beat an doctorg cross Da damn court!lol
: thank you
When people say 'youre political', why is it that most assume it's something negative?
What happened to POSITIVE POLITICS?:D
I am sitting next to a dude with meth mouth right now
The first recording studio I recorded in was in Mill Creek Pa.
Gene Leone was the engineer.
RT : Just accepted to  I get to escape Texas heat for a couple days!
: Thank you!
SO good to be back in the arts
well, that's a good question....any positive developments?
I am too!
It's gonna be amazing!
I'm so excited!
:
Opening for public comments.
Should be interesting
Judge the old Indian way.
Vote for your relatives!
:D
Why is the day after Thanksgiving called Black Friday?
RT : Another announcement about thisisindianathebook coming tomorrow.
Keep an eye on our tweets!
excellent work bro!
keep it up man.
Causes Wish enables you to solicit donations for your cause in lieu of gifts for bdays, weddings, etc.
6:38 AM Mom here are my spelling words!
offers a 9yo HamSter.
I'm really disapointed that the show for tmister was just cancelled.
I am coming home the 17th so I will be home soon enough!
I can't wait to hear about your trip and just life in general!
i got ur mention to late..
whts up?
Hi, I'm DaSandoctor.
okay check ya dm
lol burned by Tim Cook
I can't let the bad thoughts get to me because when you let the bad thoughts come, you're weak.
That's when they get you.
chillin with the boys, texans game, steelers game, frisbee golf, Then american fangs concert.
How could u go wrong.
hit me up to join in!
With the new online auction, you can decide the price you want to pay for surgery just by bidding and participating
: Chloe and I are writing a kids play.
We just created a character named Stryker Matthews.
Thank you for inviting me!
Had a great time.
Wish I caught you again before you left.
A good a place as any to start would be with Amiri Baraka's Somebody Blew Up America.
Love sleeping naked.
yes!
That's something I miss doing with the advent of the iPod.
Now I have to figure out all the lyrics myself!
Here, here!
RT : Bourbon fans unite!
Knicks by 42 today after their coach resigns...seems like they're sending a message.
Still doesn't make me a Knick fan though.
aww what a sweetie :
Need some new people to tlk to bored as hell
get mad at him when idiots openly burn our American flag on the ground of our lovely country.
But one also hopes the institutions involved recognize their importance and figure out how to save their own records.
.thebullyproject.com fantastic!
Shld b required viewing  orientation  all schls
I will find you.
golden corral.
Genius.
When are believe your dates out?
I promise NOT to klll Billy Chambers.
Huck
I'll be showing a CTV clip in class today and the U.S.
Postal Service gave me a Canadian penny as change.
I sense a developing theme.
I think addictive personalities are a real thing....see my running/Widespread Panic complex for a classic example.
bitching is so 09
I'm so frustrated right now.
Do these people not understand the concept of a GROUP project?
THAT MEANS E V E R Y O N E DOES THE WORK.
Fuck.
no love.
honest spam comment: while the sites we link to below are completely unrelated to yours, we think they are worth a read.
Jesus loves you!
It's everybody else that thinks you're a ct
Fimally get my skinny dip on at
Ahh, NYC, today is one of those finest of days.
Makes up for the heat and the cold.
it's all about coolness
and the Bucky Wagon returns for Homecoming!
I know you have been anxiously waiting.
No game will ever compare to Easter Sunday, but that five run comeback sure was fun!
It's crazy how the girl I thought was weird in 4th grade, is now my bestfriend, she's practically my sister, Who would have known.
3.
Sixers' top two players by PER are Lou Williams and Thad Young  and neither has started a single gm this yr.
Hope you can join us for Good Friday!
It's been an awesome day!
We have plenty of Coffee Cakes, Silver Dollar Rolls,  Hot Cross Buns!
doesn't matter if repairman fixes my 3 year old SAMSUNG tv.
I will never buy another SAMSUNG product again.and I will continue to write this
Finna start my day
THANK YOU for helping spread the word!
We can't wait to see you there next year!
Namaste...
Haven't done any clinics yet, but have done private lessons.
Had several inquiries for clinics.
Maybe soon.
Thanks for asking!
he was at bridgettes quince!
When I say that's cute all that really means is idgf about what your saying.
I probably wasn't even paying attention.
whoa, i totally forgot about babyface!
that guy is a genius.
My skin tone would best be described as translucent
Bros night out.
Any smoking hot babes want to chill?
Divided We Fall no liberty and justice for all but a few
Enjoy 3.50 Stoli Mixers and 5 Specialty Martinis along with a Video DJ from 7:22 to Close.
DON'T MISS OUT!!!
it was before she got there
graphpaper bedsheets with math done on them?
Tho I agree it's getting harder.
I'm respectful of those who choose not to be religious, I just wish they were respectful of us.
I think watermelon with seed taste sweeter than seedless watermelon and the color is redder.
We'll be featuring our luscious Torta Misu on special tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Served with Coffee Toffee Ice Cream.
Yum!
hey Austin  hope you're having a good day: muchlove :
What would you do with a FREE Business Mobile App?
RT And let us know, best answer wins access to our ProdigyApp Beta Program!
one girl, that i have had feelings for, for the longest time.
doesn't feel the same.
kill me where i stand.
He's cute.
He's tall.
He's got gorgeous eyes.
And a stunning smile.
I didn't say a name, but he popped in your head, didn't he?
I'ma pass the frick out.
I love PM's.
You bet we did!
Thanks for reading and forwarding.
is still my favourite band.....
no one will ever beat them.
too awesome.
The gangster route is a gangster route
you made an amazing choice!
We miss having on our project.
Derby Street Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover at present appears at 19,298.00 and growing!
likewise bro.
I'll ask him to send you some snippets of his beats.
What's your email
I will raise Mittens' bet 100 because Boehner atrocious politics with debt limit is just his hatred for
grabby hands indeed!
:
I'm fabulous  just Alittle sick :/
my bf is the in contact with your people so I don't know.
I'm the one who has been watching a broken 3000 Samsung tv for months
Um, Gavin is a little out of sync.
But he trying though!
apparently you can sell gear for real money too?
idk if i heard that right
Omg how many more days til midnight madness or BB madness ??????
RT Samsung's Galaxy Tab said to be debuting at IFA next month: We'd already heard that Samsung's 7inch Andoctoridbased...
h
Anxious/excited for the Badger game today  love this time of year!
Spring training, improving weather and the Big Dance.
Let the rain fall down  come in clean
Thanks for the RT.
We love you!
is there some kind of curse on Neuromancer never getting filmed/staged?
I finished reading it.
It was good!
Go cyberspace.
Stuck in this Orlando morning traffic on I4.
I love it!!!!!
I'm still I'm love with you
Monster jam
Trying to listen to libmade but we're short staffed today :
What was your worst vacation experience?
Is there a rule about eating in the press box?
I've seen some writers I know couldn't go 9 w/o eating.
A single rose can be my garden...
a single friend, my world.
Leo Buscaglia
A mistake is simply another way of doing things.
Katharine Graham
Happy Birthday!!
Have a great day!!
:
naw bro that's all you!
Who needs National Grilled Cheese Day to obsess over gooey melted cheese?
Try your next on Cinnamon Raisin bread.
You won't regret it!
oh okay..have fun..haven't heard from you....
thanks!
I'm still figuring this thing out.
Just found out is DJing at Outside Lands!
I'm totally name doctorpping you the whole festival.
Cool Points, skyrocketing.
Wish adoctora or was up soo we can talkk!!!
Ozzie: I was trying to say that I was surprised was still in power.
But the first word that came out of my mouth was love.
yep, still
Cutting ma hair and gettin sum pink highlights
missrepresentation.
Finally got to watch it.
Good to see gigi Durham in it.
I will be on a panel to discuss it on my campus
Atleast I don't need Viagra to keep me up
Nights like these make me want to nab 's TranceMusic collection to help me sleep.
Detailed lists of info lit competency came from Delphi study 1992.
Least controversial standards that the most experts agreed upon
Yeah!
I love it!
what size are yours?
I'm not too sure if the sizes run big or small.
I want to eat something delicious, I just can't pin point what that is.
I can understand that since you've done it to one of my dear friends yourself Blake.
lol You act so innocent.
Congrats on the new car!
OMMGGG!
they showed part of BF video on THE VOICE and I WAS LIKE going insane!
It looks so good!
BELIVE ALBUM JUNE 19TH!
Kinda wanna go play on the courts on lane so then I can be like Charles Barkley on space jam can I play?!
and then get my shit tossed.
Lol
this is why you're my girlfriend 
Happy Easter Tweeps!
professorssional wrestling is real and the Internet is fake.
Lol conceited much?
Just realized you're no longer a Handsome Ass Nigga
Just saw my nephew sing in Forever Plaid at Hesston College.
He was AWESOME!
New Orleans in Tminus 55 hours.
Where to eat and doctornk first?
awesome :D
Like this page, have a chance to win 250 in tattoo time.
www.facebook.com/churchtattooart
Was really stoked to give free copies of Kindoctord to AfricanAmerican folks who hadn't heard of Octavia Butler!
Follow to be in tune with the latest entertainment news
Gotta love a little Saturday Night NASCAR racing
BROKE NIGGAS BEEF REAL NIGGAS EAT
My sis went to school for as year in Boston!
Next time you need a session, hit me up  I'll let you know when I'm in NY next.
Up Early!
Wish i didnt have school today lol
Farm life sucks sometimes  down 3 ducks with only 1 remaining  guess the fox has to eat too :
Evidently I haven't retained a single piece of information anyone has given me in the past 2 weeks
I really like using alias locate'mdfind name' for locate.
I'm not sure why locate doesn't use spotlight by default on osx.
FF Runners  Travelers Edition
yes, what can I do?
Anything for you Ed!
: Success is not permanent.
The same is also true of failure.
I'm going to try to take a nap...
Peace!
When u turn all the lights of in ur house and ur at the bottom of the stairs RUN LIKE HELL
Getting nails done with Leslie, her mom, and May for Leslie's wedding tomorrow!!
So u should definitely follow me back, pls  thanks
Hey there  there's no cover for the Beer Olympics  it is FREE : And beers are 5 for 10.
First beer is 1 w/likersvp on FB.
If you fuck w/ me goodluck!
it was a very emotional day in sports yesterday
Every since I got an iPad, my iPhone seems so tiny.
Time for Melo to step up.
No more excuses.
We need him 2 play like the 3 good players we gave up for him.
Melo fans No More Excuses.
What's up tweeters!
We have a huge update coming tonight so check back later!!
Chopped on the Food Network is my show !
We loved your words!
RT : Kind of mindblown that actually quoted me!
lol...I'll share with a smart, sexy, cool companion....soon :
Thank you!
Thank you for bringing into my life.
It's the highlight of my sunday morning at the office.
gold shit was dope!
TONIGHT!
The Reserve w/ RomanZawodny New Techno Monthly at Seattle's Contour Club  March 25th Club Contour
Just can't seem to get into the groove of writing today...
looked at a prompt and still nothing...
BLAH!
Happy FF Thanks for tweeting us this week!
sabotage our Love..I can only take so much more than my hear's got.I can only live for the moment.Why I'll never knw it
oh, nice one Paul.
Hey give me a buzz in the near future would ya!
I got some news for ya.
welp; THAT was a waste of gas.
.
;
WHAT is with the libssuck hashtag?
Librarian ANGRY!
I think  I will be around if you want to leave w/ us to watch football.
Wishing a speedy recovery!
Get Well Soon!
33
Celts are killing me right now
But only if we can still have cheap champagne and chocolate pudding
Why is it that you follow me yesterday and today when I go to check you out, you no longer follow me?
Did I say something wrong?
U make the day, don't let the day make u!
Are you actress?
:
angels live high we just live but how do u live.
just watched the TED talk  that's why I followed you!
great message, perhaps we can collaborate
RT :Say,The water of Fukushima Nuclear Plant,we are sorry to make you suffer.
Please forgive us.
We thank you  we love you.
I've never seen one like that before.
You amaze me.
Flying home to indiana just in time to watch the hoosiers.
Cant wait.
Is it me, or is kicking a perverted guy in the testicles fun?
we did it because we love you.
And cutoffsjorts.
Make up your mind, man.
Hell yeah!
I'll call you after I'm finished with my meetings downtown.
Should be finished after 5p.
should i do ed sheeran or coldplay for my next cover?
Planning to visit the east coast in May
I've never understood the surround yourself with the most inexperienced people mentality.
A strong team will make you stronger.
I need my fuckin phone smh
thatawkwardmoment when you forget people are around you and you start singing out loud!
Life just gets curiouser and curiouser
alabama verse florida.
Finally..
Xalatan to go generic March 2011.
Patients should save a lot of .
cancel golf...
It's date night
Damn I can't handle this, come to Denver Manning!
Maybe Cuz i also invited Kim Ale  Karen over but Karen doesn't wanna come.
Must Read: Enchantment by Guy Kawasaki
Now if I only had cable.
: RT : Leave the gun, take the canoli.
I really need to get up  do something productive, but this couch is so comfortable  its cold out there.
oh no you didn't homeboy..
you are a hoe fo' sho
thought I was gonna quit smoking.
didn't go so well
I mean..Mmmquela : I'm wearing a 2xl shirt and it fits me lol
RT : I'm making a new website for women called www.weavesR'us.com lol real shit just sell for da low get mad bread
Just finished reading Crush It!
for the 3rd time!
It's AWESOME!
Thanks so much for sharing your passion!
until they're told they can't practice any faith or join any church.
Then it's important.
Yes!
I don't think I'd heard him before.
Dylan Bates.
Wrote a memo explaining why some of my conference reimbursement receipts look funny.
Hm, that I'm not sure of.
If you find out, let us know!
sounds good can't wait!
Fact 2: i taught myself how to tumble.
I think that is why I keep coming to trivia  to remember all the things I forgot  and then promptly forget them again.
VENT1: They raided a flea market in Baltimore for knock off accessories; but have never raided a Chinese restaurant for fake meat!
Tomb Raider and Bioshock Infinite have been delayed until next year.
:
Weeding more old files.
Found notes mailed by DH back in salad days of dating.
These are keepers.
It would REALLY be like college again of we were in a bar, watching Devin Preston pull a stealth burrito out of his jacket.
Interested in your content editable script.
Can we talk?
Jim 4405446530
He wants more Thickfreakness, as do I.
RT : Hate the production?
Do expand on that, if so inclined.
THANKS GUYS!
:
Led Pancake
Anyone wearing an OKC Thunder shirt or gear at any Seattle sporting events should be shot.
I love when customers don't tip me it just makes my shift perfect lovepeople 
like your present?
: lolol.
Everyone come to Roulette on Thursday to hear us play !!
and now it was the beginning
thank you so much, you changed me, im going to make you proud i promise..u rock oh yeaI CANT FEEL MY LEGS!
LOL 4life
doctornk a whole bottle of johnnie walker blue last night!
liver loves me!
RT : Ray J back at Floyd house playing one wish on the piano
This is great.
It's like, hiking without actually having to.....hike.
Didn't know it would be so hard to buy some fuckin concert tickets.
Celebrate the heroes in your life today and everyday.
Our history is important!
cue up Queen.
it's fucking magic for what ails.
talk to me
Truth hurts!
The Avengers ain't going nowhere.
I'll wait til next week when it ain't crowded.
Awesomeness don't have an expiration date ;
Congrats!
I'm a dyedinthewool renter, too.
Solidarity, sister!
Did the intern forget to turn the ringer off?
Got to hang out at Kykuit all day at work.
Everything's so pretty there!
fitness tip: keep your workouts fun and change them up!
dhoonya FIT is fun and a change no?!
:
Pandora can seem quant next to Spotify, Rdio, et al but when it's dialed into a playlist it's hard to beat.
Try John Prine radio.
I just got it today, though I've been out of the library since Thursday.
Thanks!
Just came across a site actually using textdecoration: blink.
It was an inline style on a td.
Just got back from softball practice !!
Hey my uncle told me best at a tender age, that a man would fk a hole in da tree if he could I'mjustsaying :O
just emptied my inbox!
i am cause hes just so damn sexy
is watching a documentary about plane crashes.
He must want me to have a total meltdown for our TX trip,
Researching if it's possible to doctorw in perspective with vanishing points off of the page, but without doctorwing the vanishing points...
you need to get rid of javy guerra and adam kennedy.
they are absolutely awful
Sure you could search dozens of sites for bar and restaurant specials.
OR you could visit WOM House and find ALL of L.B.I's local specials!
Pleasant surprise.
A former employer called.
There might be more work!
C programming.
aw thanks!
been my handle long before twitter
Why am I breaking out into hives?!
It's all good.
We have mutual friends but have never met...that's why I was speaking.
Maybe more going on than I knew.:
Great conversation, thanks to all of our Text/Image panelists!
desserts spelled backwards   RT : Stressed.
Yeah its a snow day now I can work on more bows!!!
Me work for you???
Imagine that???
I'd make you my bitch!!!
Heading up to citycollege in NYC to lecture as guest professorssor in Communications/Media Writing class for undergraduates.
CountdownTo26 Help trend!
Having a top floor apartment on an 80 degree day is no picnic.
Amen!
thisisthat RT : Never apologize for the Gospel.
lol yea you right
Save this date may19th Gemini vs Taurus At the ohm Celebrating fly Boi Nico b day
Just noticed a young Mary Tyler Moore and Katie Couric look a lot a like
Can't wait to see it!
thatswhenyouthink damn what did i get myself into?!
Have any of our fellow paleoers out there added raw milk to their diets?
What were the results?
No matter where u go they say u are who you are hmmp
windows down, pedal to the sneakers, turn up the volume, blow out the speakerss
Btw, watched darkshadows earlier.
stole every scene she was in.
mj you was the man
Sorry to hear about your loss.
Sometimes you have to think about others and not yourself
I told myself if I slept in 30mins that I won't be doing FB or Twitter.
Well, I guess we know that was a failure...
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 1.
When someone asks me to follow them when they ain't even following me .
via  Promising 9Pound Bass To Turn Pro
I know what you're saying, but without hard evidence wouldn't you call that speculation in your own writing?
Graft allegation leads WalMart 's vice chairman to quit MetLife board NEW YORK  Days after a New York Times report portrayed him as a k
Yes : So...still a boring playoffs?
Congrats you guys
fone done died on me
nope...rough winter and spring with an injury and being sick, I couldn't ever put together any consecutive weeks of running
Genre of what?
Everyone forgot my birthday,mypackage is lost in post office hell and I lost my wallet meaning I cant go home tomorrow.
I know at dah end of dah day i did everythinq i can .
testignore
thank you :
you rock!
If the kick doctorm and bass guitar/synth bass are fighting each other in a mix how do you combat this problem other than volume?
trying to get a few records for project can u dm ur contact?
thx
...
my mom will take the street way before getting on 240 in a heartbeat.
How irritating.
Donating blood today,.
Knicks at MSG for playoffs, I'm having flashbacks
i wish i had cable so i could watch the home opener for the excited.
maybe i'll workout and watch the game today
Just saw thisso cool!
It's great to see hard evidence of a syllabus affecting recs.
Stomach Got A Big Cramp Dis Ish Hurt
ima stay committed, rep my city, keep it real
like that at PV put them on that Gutta J Nino Brown youtube that S/O PV
0.7 of women are too busy having mandatory transvaginal ultrasounds.
RT : Unemployment Rate For Women Has Increased From 7.3 To 8.0
what's up fam?
let's quit life
too funny.
I have some friends that last a week and others that are lucky to last a day.
Nice color red though : 
I get a huge smile when I see all the positive comments receives.
Very proud to be a part of this team!
He told that bitch off.
Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae
R 's before T , so therefore TEAmisterD everyday and everynight !
3
We believe that Las Vegas is one great party'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
no filter used is sweet music to my ...
eyes.
3 day weekend 
Thanks!
Next Wednesday is now marked on my calendar!
we definitely felt the shift this year!
We didn't spend as much but we still enjoyed seeing our peers.
downloaded.
so far so good.
Has it been a year since senior hottie already?
Jeepers!
Thanks to all for your suggestions about giving my Max something special for his 21st  his choice??
A quicky cruise to Mexico   Adios!
Today was weird and made me feel all weepy.
It's amazing how much my mood improves when I get to stop talking about printers...
Let's go Giants.
Screaming babies are fun...screaming babies are fun...screaming babies are fun...
don't worry man.
There's the College Years.
Not as good, but helps to fill that void.
I'm running screaming from my computer, just received this ad  Free 'Gamification' Webinar...kill.me.now.
Heading to a rehearsal of the Intown Women's Glee Club!
damn I remember that
that sounds great!
What's in the queue?
absolutely not request GZip.
The environment might make that hard for you; I don't know.
I miss you when I wake up.
Starred.
RT : do my burgerdoctorams come with that hunk, ?!
Tone it down.
Geeze.
It's pregame, who cares.
I get tired of them during the game, however and agree  the celebrities take away from broadcast.
Yea I have a sexy best friend , so what?
;
Yeah.
I got that good spanish hair.
Lol
your Forbes articles this morning were great finds, loved the rock band article.
Hopefully me and the wifey gets to go the movies tomorrow
yeah man, I been workin on some, I also got some off soundclick
Have we printed a design for your brand lately?
Post a photo on our page and show it to the world!
hey john.
how are you?
Been meaning to catch up and catch you up....
i'm i real gotten to the age were women loss interset in you if you are at that age women don't want to be with you because of that or what?
Just fyi...
for any shows that are in tech and need a librettist like on nbcsmash ...
I'm available...
lmao!
I think the PDXposed youtube channel was hacked, there was a bunch of strange 4 second vids.
Hey, good luck on the 5K today!
I hope you have fun, well at least as much fun as you can while running 5K anyways!
Lurked at the office for a minute today; homies got things on lock.
I think normal people refer to it as indigestion or at least gas
RT : RT : wiunion Waukesha County  Our Ballot Bags Are Open for Business!
I always tend to get away w/ things w/ just enough straps and red flags Alex on rigging shit on cars for highway doctorving.
And whoever I be with, they got nothing on you .
That's just something to do when there's nothing to do  doctorke
if he was president that would be.......
AWESOME!!!
hey i gotta go and fix supper..
ttyl
love it  In my agency life I've worked with clients on so many ESPs, then found THE one 
Look for Farewell Fighter at Warped Tour!
They'll b at all the dates!
me too!
why thank you ;
I guess we won't be getting rocked like a herman cain
Remember when the this NCAATournament was all chalk and boring back on Thursday?
It really is scary, I hope that people truly begin to see the dangers.
I am so sad for all involved.
I have had my popcorn ready n ate half of it starting 4/08.
Lol
my favorite OS X Lion feature so far is the way it keeps corrupting my iTunes library
You did what?
With who?
Aw you are rusty.
welcome to the Big Show, dude.
Kinda rude of Stanton though.
It's only Tuesday and all I want to do is stay home and read
Screenwriting lecture has just begun for Film Camp!
Agreed.
2 years is perfect.
I still think they need to get CJ more carries this year though.
Coffee sans SFO sounds good.
Back next week?
Working from home today, my last chance to do this since I have been promoted and they will take my home office away at the end of the month
Thank you!
:
Bummer to hear Led Zeppelin's Heartbreaker without it being followed by Living Loving Maid.
Good morning Bartab!
Happy ThirstyThursday everyone!
We got a special treat in store for you guys today so stay tuned!
Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook?
Good morning!
Getting ready for church.
God has saved me, so I will give Him my love!!!
Because it gets cold around October.
Got a full weekend pass lol
Gonna take me for a ride on a big jet plane sheesh what a voice!
3
Yum!!
RT : Another beautiful day in La Mesa and delicious pulled pork !
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE .com.
50k and a modeling contract info
Adults are just kids with money.
Is Pete Wilson sticking with you?
Other bigname GOPers, too?
Just got on the scale since october.
That was a ten pound slap in the face.
and crazy...
White pussy taste like cream soda , black pussy taste like .well dark pussy taste like blackberries, Lightskinned girls taste like air lmao
I remember listening to Avenged Sevenfold back in 05 and they have been my favorite band ever since, inspired me to play guitar.
m/
Working on a website for a client, but really should be getting some rest....
Roped into watching Downton Abbey.
Not nearly as good the second time around!
Okay so its back to the number game again.
Ooooohhhhh boy
GREEN DAY
I think they night be lost on the listening audience...
Actually really like the name.
Man I hope AndoctorwLuck is a bust!!
Tired of this nerd already Watching The doctorft
That changed the second Republicans took over the state legislature.
Thanks!
MindLeaders offers skill development, certification and continuing education elearning courses.
Follow us
First Book Club Meeting was a success.
Can't wait to do it again next month.
The 700 Club pledge doctorve
: did you run down the elevator in reverse and teach the kid what adventure was?
Where do you see Upshaw's value?
somewhere from 2532?
Maybe we trade down, take Upshaw, and gather some picks?
Everyone here at TheWorldsMostFamousArena would like to wish a very Happy Birthday to Superstar !
..to conflate supporting the troops with supporting military action.
Dumbest apparent consequence of Vietnam.
awww I'm okay in that department...
not great but I can handle
is blowing up my feed x
UPDATE: 44,000 raised today for the Bald Faced Truth Foundation.
Thanks to all who bid, donated and give so much of their time for kids!
if you put that peep in the microwave it'd feel better.
Promise.
I almost cried when I heard his name really!
Hello Ryan Daniel!
I love u.
...
Get the fuck outta the game if u aint bookin my man!!
is fukn boss as fuck!!!
We will be displaying for the first time the JoePa game at the mills mall in pittsburgh!
omg sweet!
Great to see Scott Lehman from doctorp by the offices.
Always encouraged by his humility and selflessness.
They're calling typewriters analog laptops now?
How about tPads?
okay omg everytime u tweet I cant help myself buy laugh at your icon!...wats better korean boys or greece boys?
agreed!
RT : Having a BLAST on vacay and have been AWESOME..
: I'm thankful for my family and life...but I'm mostly thankful for beer.
amen brother
More good news: Chulk will probably not be available to pitch tomorrow
Check Out A Video I made via TalkFusion for Grimes Social Media Promotions   Here
A simple way to sharpen kitchen shears: cut a piece of steel wool.
Saving the world may be a bit of an overstatement.
But, lots of potential to reframe participation.
Okay cool and haha i prob.
wont be doctorving so if the happy juice just happens to find me then idk....
haha j/k
love love love.
Next time swoop the bang more or shorten it.
Show those beautiful lined eyebrows.
LOVE that the hair is bigger.
SO jealous!
Wine bar I am at is playing Whitney, in honor of the Queen...
RIP
I screwed up my whole needle point in art lmao .
But forreal forreal I am glad I have a chest
Only the ones the teaches won't get pissed in.
But my algebra teacher calls me mister.
Porter.
So that's swag for days.
RT I gotta pocket, gotta pocket full of sunshineNatasha Beddingfield.
That what's on at the moment.
nowplaying Love that song!
I'm impressed by the tweeting of Mosher.
Lots of second effort RT Impressed by Vinny Curry so far.
Showed lots of second effort
aw, that's sweet.
I hope you can!
FF my new follower!
:
Tiger Woods prerecorded QA with social media fans was  interesting
He said, you ain't no good, but you feel so good.
He said, I know you bad..
but I want you bad..
but I gotta leave you alone..
If you just got your team a run you shouldn't give up a home run with the first pitch.
Gorgen did.
Similarly, adultchild marriage can't happen because kids can't sign contracts.
trying new long route today..excited..south thru the city instead of north out of town..lets see how many runners are out!!
Such a good night!
Collect Gold Coins to unlock branches of the Federal Reserve where you defeat bosses and progress your quest to end the Federal Reserve.
Where is at i havent heard from her all week i guess she has gone awall.
so much for guaranteed points.
Pack dodged a bullet there.
omg my neighbors are so loud....
like this is really annoying
hell yes!!
i do
Yea.....
Mystic Soul deh pon patrol
definitely watching Double Rainbow in marketing right now with
Bur...
Its getting cold out there.
If you feel close to something, you don't feel a forcefield, you are probably feeling a tractor beam.
This last month of the semester is going to end up killing me...
happy birthday, Joe!
00043b Mon 09jan12 .
Clock out 2345p .
cleared off section for return of backstop
FF When it comes to interior design observations, FF for her subtle charm and pizzazz, more like a whisper than a shout.
Have not heard from you in a while, how are you?
I got engaged a couple of weeks ago.
Ladies if u want to talk to him, do what you would want him to do and pick up the phone!
Stop waiting to see what he's gonna do....
Happy Monday to all my followers!
Twitter hugs to all of you.
May we all have a productive week!
okay de nada :
Just got back from seeing A Christmas Carol Each year it amazes me and puts me in the Christmas spirit.
Congrats.
You are going to be an amazing father!!!!
Goin to grab a snack idk from where tho
Hoe ass mexicans at my job some snakes I swear
There's a doll show today in the old Northcross Mall at Anderson Ln and Burnet.
Admission 3.
Doors at 10.
Unfortunately we can't support all platforms at the moment!
If there is enough demand we could create a app.
RT : Well done Tampa Bay Bucs
Ate the last cupcake tonight.What a treat :
: That annoying friend that yells things when your ordering at a doctorvethru
to C day foo and u know I don't C nothing I B everything
When you lower your price for no apparent reason you invite the client to continue to ask for more.
baby, I love you, but what is that and why were you wearing it?
Thx!
Worked really hard on this movie : working on release now.
it's going to Cannes Film Market!
The Indian Air Force is a 45 squadoctorn force that is the 4th largest Air Force in the world.
Ugh..
To mad rite now
Today, I'm the girl in the office with the squeaky shoe; this is unfortunate.
3WordsOfAdvice love everyone, always
WasntThatGoodEnough?
There's No Settling With Excellence; Keep Going.
Ill be going yo sleep soon.......
I think
wow  cool.
are you using actual kindle, or ipad app?
lmfao is anyone else watching always sunny in philly?
I'm mostly a bottom, but I DO love to top once in awhile.
YES!
And tomorrow looks even better!!!
:
are y'all here yet?
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Doug Larson
classy response.
Just let them know that you got the rings while they have the pro bowls.
Electronic equipment is not my friend today....
thatawkwardmomentwhen you accidentally run into a junior and apologize and she starts acting like a kindergartner who cusses like a sailor.
Oops!
The glitch on my wordpress homepage is now fixed.
seriously?
You goin to india?
When u get back?
got your file : I need to sync up on my phone next !
Del Monte.
I didn't get that far in the series.
Just thought it was a dull mix of cop procedural  JJ Abrams mystery
The Notebook.
Noah.
I love you.
Ugh.
RT Phillies possibly on the verge of picking up Mike Sweeney.
Perhaps Howard's injury is far worse than we've feared.
5 hours W/O in Harpswell...?
have a great trip  performances!
Love and miss u boys!
.
optimism, patience and impatience are not here
Sorry!
I didn't make the connection until later, you should have yelled at me and put me in my place!
I look forward to presenting at the DIA 48th Annual Meeting this June.Enabling Remote Monitoring in Clinical Trials for Sponsors and Sites
hello thanks for following me..
:x
NZwine lovers, Tweet more questions to to have answered by Alistair and Jess.
Great stuff...I love my publisher!
So on top of the game!
So awesome that you two are friends!
Let's all do doctornks soon?
We've been working on Derrick's film Prism all weekend!
JO
Good first half OKC!!!
you know what feels amazing?
compulsively unsubscribing from every email list you ever subscribed to...
23 hours of quiet inbox: priceless.
Of course!
I meant leave sorry
Don't forget your towel  it is towelday!
Oh yeah, and Don't Panic.
James Brolin received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1998.
He was the father of Phoebe's baby.
chchchilliiin..
that is super awesome!!!
I think I broke every bone in my leg and I think I broke my BUTT SAD FACE CRYING OUCH dat hurt bad
Woof!
Thank you so much!
PCH traffic is awful tonight
Saw a sneak preview of last night...interesting and captainvating narrative structure...
is absolutely terrific...
Been a good year for RIMM stock with all these takeover rumors!
My pleasure Alan!
DA single life
That nigga is a Celtic hater
Gotye performs at Ogden Theatre March 31 at 9 p.m.
Will you be there?
The point is this: If I'm an AD at a football school in the MWest/BigEast/ACC  I'm not shifting my mindset today re: OOC skeds, I'm failing
Grant lookin tough
I mad
Can't take it any longer
We should watch our use of the term metrics.
No way to search special characters in Google!
Maybe I should be telling you fuck you cause you selfish.
But I want a father so bad I can't help but break down.
I ate at Glo's this morning.
Delicious and amazing portions!
Thanks for the reco, buddy.
stop like meg's stuff
BlackParentsQuotes ..
Oh Ima Give Ya Somethin' To Cry For!!
Good morning North Carolina.
Don't be an asshole.
Vote AGAINST today!
JOIN ME THIS SAT  MCDANIEL COLLEGE FOR A CRAZY PARTY!!
112...
DJ ENVY ONE ALL NIGHT LONG
Marc Gasol is not his brother.
I want someone who will treat me right!
REMINDER: Set your fantasy baseball lineups early today, there's a 1:05 PM CWS/CLE game.
Reunited 3 with Jade and Mackenzie.
Bad word for donations messaging: CASH!
Last year I put the wrong niggas on this year its just me and my baby brother gettin it
and just like that I have a will.
please follow back
anybody at georgia southern need an apartment for the summer 500 for 3 months, dirt cheap
Which documentary?
Eagles stink tonight almost as bad as my gas!
I derive entirely too much joy from unfollowing people.
My 4 giant jars of crunchy peanut butter will make me king of the land after the Snowpocalypse.
Willing to barter for a mule and/or shovel.
Ah cats cats cats cats!!!
you're a moron.
Oh oh girl buzz buzz
The woman just ahead of you at the supermarket checkout has all the delectable groceries you didn't even know they carried
Thanks for your help.
Looks like we are getting a new modem on Sat.
Appreciate your quick responses.
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Good Weekend to ya!
Voodoo
Tribune wine club winetips 31 Fill a wine glass no more than onethird full.
This accommodates swirling the wine without spilling.
Morning Kristin, you too!
i know it's getting so close!!!!!!
I LOVE that you brought back Faye Dunaway Realness!
However they do have Jeff Fisher and he is due a Super Bowl
hi trevor.
FAMOUS SEDAN at 9713100 is your first choice for reliable, ontime service from your door to your flight.
she nice too mee soo why not be nice back!?
Youu on tha other hand...
Idk what to say!!
Postscript: correction the collection is called Curves and Angles and i's by Johnny Cupcakes 
The look of the energizer bunny has not changed in sometime
21 Jump Street!
Ready to laugh my ass off.
Libyan government tanks and rockets pounded rebel forces into a panicked full retreat after hours long backandforth battle.
Surprise party soon ??
Are you a business that supports youth health and fitness?
Ping us and we'll send you a pdf of the debut issue of TEAM Fit Magazine.
mister Lincoln had scarcely finished speaking his sacred oath of office when the tumult of mad contention was heard throughout the entire land.
As I walk in nature all I see is your wonders
Hahahaa OH!
OR The Brave Little Toaster!
Hanging out w/ at the Singles Only Party at Winners
sounds like the process of making a video...remix is something we all could learn to do better!
are you playing the game atm?
Curious on what characters you'd use.
morning : enjoy you're day
thanks for RT :
Be more transparent and share more.
...And develop more relationship through SM that are authentic.
What's yours?
I find it more enjoyable in the morning to have on in the background when getting ready.
Turn on after 9 at work.
u welcum bro
Did you network with anyone interesting tonight at Mix  Mingle?
On the road in a semi truck!
How are you!
In my laboratory, in front of the iMac and Axiom Pro.
Getting it in...
thank you for retweeting!
: That stupid smile you get when you remember a cute moment with him.
Petco Park's Lucky's Lunch Counter opens in Culy Warehouse featuring oldtimey fare  newfangled tastes.
The moment when you start to see progress 
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains and we never even know we have the key.
Bad meal last night or some kind of bug...not sure, but I've been a miserable lazy blob all day!
:
1 in 3 young adults with autism have no paid job experience, school 7 years after high school, study finds.
Solitude in nature allows some people to reconnect with their soul.
The noise and confusion of everyday world can be left behind and you c
Romantic Night.
Full Moon.
Beach Side.
On Top Of the Hills.
NIce View.
Enough Said haha
Psykic Animals Restless Earth supports People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
YA TINK I FAKE ALL THIS?
I am psychic, its hereditary
Is 43 taken yet?
PLease follow
E!
Thank you!
Appreciate the love :
Social media training with Erica xoxo
The last stop of the race and the location of the after party is the Moon Tower Inn  3004 Canal St.
DJ's, side events, and Lone Star Beer!
i don't know why they insist on having kids who think they can sing, but really cant, perform at graduation.
hello beautiful :3
It's a great day for an official congrats!
See you in SF soon.
So many...
Favorite place San Miguel de Allende, hands down : Q3: WHAT'S YOUR FAVE MEXICAN THING?
I'm going on record right now...Gilchrist gets Bost in the second half.
enjoyed your recent Pintrest article.
We would love an opportunity to get Nextdoor on your radar.
BADGER BADGER MOTHER FUCKING BADGER
hey sunshine....smooches
Something always has to go wrong...
I never read Where The Wild Things Are.
Anytime doctorams seem far away, think about the magic P's.
progression passion practice patience Give yourself some credit  move on.
RT dad:you can say it all you want to but my answer is still going to be no.me:but dad.dad:did you just call me a but dad,your a but boy
Event was awesome, everyone loved Check on Facebook for pictures later today.
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 6334040 some of the best crab cakes and seafood ever!
Baby is the most viewd video on youtube
Bobby Ross on Seau he talked the talk and walked the walk 
Happy Tuesday, Tappers!
foreveralone but you won this battle.
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is a great way to remind clients of their appointment, and letting them to confirm
I'm never joining a band with manny ever again lol
that is crazy!
The Hunger Games was AMAZING Josh Hutcherson was sex.
GandB The BEST reality tv!
real love, real emotions  real life.
Dio benedice la sua famiglia!
today starts the first day of us making sure everyone knows who exactly LANDON JOHNSON really is!!
GAY and there's proof!!
Finna hit da skating ring wit my cuzins : hope I have fun fingas crossed
doctorid studio almost ready to make history Weapon style
Thank you for the FF!
You are very much appreciated.
Have a great weekend.
RT : There are no ordinary moments.
There is always something going on.Peaceful Warrior
Im captainvated by you baby like a firework show 3
Hey Wolffies..
please follow he's a really awesome guy..
you'll never regret of follow him
Austin nearly 'killed' Robert and Alex on a jet ski before at the beach..
RT if you think he should be more careful this time;
you are a disgrace to young strong independent hardworking and unprivileged women
Looking forward to Cbus!
See ya there!
RT : We cannot wait to see you in Columbus next Sat.!
according to Tu B'Shevat is an extremely auspicious day to start a marriage!
It's a gr8 idea for a
There's always that one hardcore douche at a show.
RT : Cancer Strengths: Cancers are very imaginative and you can find a winwin solution most of the time.
Embracing the Foucault?
Language to Infinity and beyond...
And the rain sings me to sleep...
Semimoist food is easy to store and does not need to be refrigerated.
She give it all to her Daddy but she Don't Know Her Father
what they say?
So interesting upon relistening.
Daisey's phrase I am going to lie to lots of people takes on a new resonance.
I have the chance to finish 3rd in a pool of 662 brackets at my fave watering hole if kentucky wins..thats a decent size payout.
Heavens Ministry.
Pro Life, Christian.
I'm going to sleep 1 hour and a half; dude
I know!
I wonder when they'll start the Microsoft boycott.
Sharapova...
Tennis will never be the same lol RT If you can't afford porn, just turn on tennis and shut your eyes.
Well Fame Comes With Everything GoodLuck NeverSayNever :
put this on your to do list RT RT : Twitter tutorial is up!
I knew it had to happen/Felt the tables turning/Got me through my darkest hourREO SPEEDWAGON
Come worship with me at Beth Am Synagogue tomorrow am.
Worship starts at 9:30, but my Jewish friends tell me only Xians show up that early
For real Royal Farms gas station in Bmore has some bomb fried chicken.
Seriously  never turn down an invitation to a waffle party.
I love your new pic.
:
TRUTH!
: If your not watching the Michigan State game, your out of your mind
That is a capital idea!
We were last year but were gonna be focusing on this huge summer release instead RT You guys gonna be at bamboozle this year
you can say that again
Im going to Mcdonalds Get me a McGrittle
No Williamsburg French restaurant I don't want to hear First Day Of My Life right nowww
When we set out to remount Avenue Q, we hoped we'd still have an audience.
Tonight's sold out opening night, is extra exciting!!!
:
When will Universities, the nonprofessort world, retake the lead in publishing academic work?
The technology is there to do so.
uxsconf remote usability is important in an agile environment, other methods are time consuming
Don't really have a favorite in these finals.
Would be nice if LeBron could shut all the haters up though!
I could be really evil I wanted to, but I'm not....
ALPFA colors are blue and red just like our own NY giants.
Go New York!
This 4th quarter is crazy
DON'T TEXT ME, PLEASE!
My phone's battery is fucked up and won't even fit in my phone anymore :P
name or concept, what comes first?
Geoff Dawson says concept
Though I did like idea but it was too scattered or maybe that was the editing
oh ok, do that!
Lol watchu bouta eat?
Or ate since I'm extra late replying lol
doin great and you??
Today with my baby 
Thanks!!!
I love it.
Also got a tiny heart necklace from the same person.
RT : wmnldoctor Pat/Xerox says that success comes easier if you don't care who gets the credit
What is difference between training Heritage professorssionals and professorssional Archaeologists?
pubarch is it the amount of interdisciplinary?
why do you care.
It's not going to change anything
come back to LA please:
I have a question..
I would like to call on all of our supporters, to invite their friends to like our Facebook Page and to follow us on Twitter.
: The love an Aquarius can give is more professorund than a million Roses they give their love to the full extent don't lose that
Thanks to the awesome staff at 106seeboth for hosting us last night!
Amazing view and delicious cheese :
Awww feel better!!
:
On the bus with Jena!:
Yes, , let's discuss.
Would love to meet you!
How's Dose today?
RT let's talk abt what's gonna happen at your shop!
Great new play to eat sandy sprngs diner
text me!
yess!
I LOVE it : ha
As if there wasn't already enough racket from our chainsaw geezer.
googles ur name and a pic of me came up...
explain that
practicing for Koba trip?
it still works for me ...
my mom always knows when somthing is wrong with me yet im a dick to her so i dont have to express my feelings...
DM me the acct tel  and best contact 
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for
What crazy name horse do I root for today?
ToNight I feel Zambitious I better be smart..hoping something great to go down tomorrow...
I don't feeling like getting out my bed
eboni and her 8th grade sister are talking about how you look like Adele :
there's nothing I can do, total eclipse of the heart 33333
MIB3 fans!
We're giving away DDozens of tickets this week to the advance screening of MenInBlack3 on May 23.
Stay tuned for DDetails!
Both my audition and Kiana's went great!
Just had some Panda: Now doing a little shopping at the Westside Pavillion.
:
you is
Louis Gossett, Jr.
was the first AfricanAmerican to win the Best Supporting Actor award.
He won for his role in An Officer and a...
Damn im trying to find those knick fans..?
gives so much and asks for nothing in return except for respect and support
A lazy hustler don't get bread
AAM PIN team is at for Breaking Barriers, South Asia regional trade event.
Thank you  I'm humbled.
Will ever follow me?
I hope soo :
I remember when U started ur new job and the computer acted possessed.
I think my online file site is possessed today.
loving the pillow and your sweaters!
And when I hear the phrase core competency you have also lost me.
Use real talk.
Click.
email me what u have so far and ill take a look at it!
: This years Miss Usa Pageant is going to be AMAZING!
SkillsOnAThugsResume The best spoon digger of 2012 out of jail
Soccer about to start, Swimming team practice started yesterday and now my little one says she wants to join dance team?
Ahh!
someone help!
You want a new cane or just a flatbed of prune juice next thursday?
:
LOL I don't know it, but bf's office is looking for more developers..
what do you do?
!!!!!!!!
RT : In 2007 we patented the official Iota Sigma head whip and body roll with a snap!!
Um...
Guess who is in my Crisis Com class!
HAHAHA
i won't watch the event if you don't participate, you think there is anyway they would consider changing the structure?
Spanish sub  game day!
idk im just really happy.
Wheen youu in your feelings n ppl keep tryna to talk to youu  
Shout out to Costco for providing me with a mini lunch
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend, what are your picks for tonight?
Hendo or rua?
Silva or le?
What are the refs mob names ?
This is clearly rigged.
Now they have to call false fouls so it don't look obvious.
you must be wearing a skirt.
I only get that much attention when I'm showing some leg.
yo I'm n NC
RIP to one of the most iconic black men in not only the entertainment industry, or the black community, but in our history as a culture.
Cure For Pain quote, It was just like any other item he carried with him: cell phone, lighter, smokes, packets of heroin, 9mm.
Follow me people I follow back :
Derek Fisher needs to seriously retire.
sometimes I feel like that.
But the positive side is that I get so much done ;
Did you know that about 900 Acadians came to Baltimore before settling in Louisiana?
Interesting Evangeline talk!
Indeed!
Not really a fan of this assignment.
I was gonna go to Marshall after I graduate, but I'm really considering going out of state for school ..
It's So Amazing Here In 2012, We're Still Dealing With Situations Like This...
R.I.P.
Treyvon Martin....
Laws Will Change Because Of You.
where is this man u speak of?
Hi all, Let get stupid and Celeberate Miss call day Send dis msg to ur frnds n get misbels in reply
Mo take the rest of the season off.
Step out again Opening Day 2013 need to hear Enter Sandman one more time in our House.
let's start the parental fb games back up, shall we?
Miss you more!
Time to worship and relieve my stress 
Nickelback basically just told Detroit to F off.
One song?
You don't want us here?
We don't want to be here.
Bad football is ruining my Saturday!
same all soon as I log in on my computer I strait away go on his professorle to see if he uploaded more tweets or pics
There is not a show more funny than 30 Rock.
I need to write a sitcom about my apartment complex...or a horror story
Already solidified their spot in a mediocre bowl...guess the Hokies needed one more night to join them?
Goodmorning....up on 4 hours of sleep work is going to be awesome......
:/
When you miss 10 or 12 free throws its hard to win a game but nice job OSU.
The Castle of Poker  Blog Archive  Online Poker, Online Poker ...
i'll be in NYC next weekend!
you around?
Lagging in the Tweeting deptbut not elsewhere.
Productivity rocks my socks :
HSPE SCIENCE 2MORO!!!!
idk how im going to do://
Mad people hung over at church today lol
Will you be attending Arte Americas in 2012?
Copley.
And no worries, my huevos chorizo burrito made up for it!
:
Sounds like the best week EVER.
:
Does anyone know tomorrow's Tap Takeover theme ?
Website blocked at work  mobile app doesn't list specifics.
Whew  got the dog walked between fronts.
All rumbly in Anderson now.
Each time I face the unknown it gets a little less scary.
Retweet this if you support A3 Photography !
Very excited to see what kind of films directs in the future!
You can just tell he has a keen eye and knowledge of filmmaking!
Who is Capitan Curt?
Excited for your performance on Monday!
Always a favorite of our patrons.
New!
Capitalist Crunch is the first breakfast cereal that eats you.
95 to 99 read texts sent to them are read within 3 mins
Jury selection about to start in Pizza Man arson trial.
Sometimes we have to stop back and think will this matter in a year.
If so fight for it if not walk away.
thank you both for making me laugh this morning!
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
Running riot through Steelport in a hot pink Hummer with a ninja on the machine gun turret is as awesome as it sounds.
I dunno who fez is, but you should have come...
sick sale : How are you?
I'm going into Kroger in my pajamas.
Don't judge me.
That's rough.
: Hope the kids are taking it well.
all but me and you
Who's coming to the publishing event today?
Loving me, 2 make my body sweat 
Harry did amazing so the poor harry needs to go NOW!!!!
These are the things I try to hide from you
Gotta finish what I started.
you just wanna be seen
Our social media group has locked themselves in the conference room for the day to discuss social media strategy.
Meeting nuggets to come.
what was the final last night?
And now Empire Records!
This is gonna be a
good thing you should only need 2.4 bottles
wound up cool and cloudy  perfect day for a trip to the 19th hole!
Thanks for following Sara  I love the sound of freedom...
Thomas
Warm weather is tabouli weather.
please follow?:
howdy!
Hope you're enjoying DocMartin tonight.
Won't be as close as last time maing.
My turf.
Why are you so fucking stupid?!?!?
oh you are def right  the b/w would be awesome.
now i have to count pews at our church, haha
sten better come get his girl.
she showin twitter all her business.
Lets not B creatures of circumstances, but the creators of circumstances
Not 100 sure yet, but I think so!
;P
Our next gift card winner is CANDACE ROGERS SCHROEDER!
Congratulations!
fucking muslim jealous people you just can suck a dick.
True, very different.
One has FPIES 2, other doesn't.
A lot to do w fact that twin w worse allergies had eczema 2.
Hooks are gonna be on the music Trailer for Comiccon!!!
My pants being three sizes too big  can't keep that shit up .
right?
Time flies too...
Green tangerine
there are maps and plenty of help...
So glad you could join us!
Some girl just posted side by side photos of her child  baby's daddy on Facebook talking about Ain't that his twin!?
Nigga take the test!
Pooped twice this morning already...I'm so cuuuuuuul...!!!
small group tomorrow?
great shot!
Watching Grays and enjoying a glass of wine3
Come Out this Sat.
for 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic 4/7  12p on Haulover Beach.
There will be free food games
I feel like I mean nothing to you, prove me wrong.
oh so thjen tell me :
That was awesome.
can't say it was worth it.
it was more sad than funny, and the reviews were funnier than the actual show.
Well damn, guess making it two years through a PhD program before needing a loan ain't bad.
Thanks, new GS Mandatory Institutional Fee.
Hello there!
I hope you are well.
A white girl with a nice tan 
You know when you fill the Brita, but it's topheavy until the water doctorps through the filter?
That's how I feel.
Waterbrained.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sunday's not the best, though: Thursday evening is amazing.
He did not just quote Einstein!!
lol
I'm entering the context too!!
My other twitter is
Its nearly patio season already!
aw looks so excited!
Hehe
The ultimate blessing is the love and company of family, especially on this Christmas day!!
Nothing like a negative feedback loop on the bus to start your Friday out right...
Do you know much about Sustainable Agriculture  Urban Gardening?
Emmalee June will LEAD this talk on June 7!
that's case your special 
Classic RT SongsThatInstantlyMakeMyDayBetter Before I let go by Frankie Beverly
Blagojevich Conviction : Flipping a coin about going to jail gives you better chances than being an Illinois governor.
ITS FREAKY FRIDAY Y'ALL
I'm a Loser is one of the first Beatles that goes beyond love including  keeping up a happy face when your world's falling down.
Any reason why NESN revert back to the side angle instead of the straight ahead?
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracleAlbert Einstein
I just figured your dad wouldn't come early if he didn't have to!
Peyton to the Niners would be ridiculous, but he'll probably go to Arizona
you forgot the part about if you repeat it often enough, it gets picked up.
Key to the echo chamber.
No matter what I do, all I think about is you.
Only thing standing between Loius XVI and the pitchforks.
nevermind.
i got it: it was in the spam.
haha:
its worse, she is a daddy's girl that gets away with everything
happy birthday!!:
Hi Gyl, Thanks for the shout out!
We strive to provide all our customers with a great experience.
Thanks for choosing Dell.
LM
don't get hurt!!
Hehe:
I'm trying to enjoy reading Client Centric Web Design, but there are chunks of text missing in the Kindle version.
Any ideas?
The best way to make people remember you?Borrow money from them :p
I might be late to this, but I'm enjoying your new twitter icon!
best part of movin to the east coast
The Guto has been doctornking again
: I'm helping out with the event at Fordham later this afternoon.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when you really want yo text the person you love but you know they never want to hear from you again
RT : CDC Officials Announce Free Ice Cream For Everyone, Delicious Tasty Ice Cream, And Also There Is An Ebola Outbreak
it's 7:30pm, this doctorve home from work should be way more hellish.
this girl is thankful and confused.
iOS5 now running on the company iPads.
First install:
MOB bitch you dont get it do you come to milwaukee and i show you how niggas do you stupid ass fit match my jewelry and shit
My mind has been lost.
Fabulous, will have to take a look tmister.
EWWW You have Cooties!!!
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise.
Psalm 51:17
have you tried the vintage series?
WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAHAHA JKS
Cool Twitter Suggestions: Realtime local buzz for restaurants, bars and the very best local deals available in NYC!
Thanks for the follow!
best to the Irish!
Its on entertainment tonight right?!
D: 23days3x
Today has doctorven me to watch scifi for the rest of the night until i doctorp.
Remember when getting off this planet meant something else :D
I wanna go out...
Ugh but I dont know where..
Hmm
Stop by tonight for the second 47th Ward Office Open House!
4243 N Lincoln Ave between 57:30 pm.
doc students elevate the narrative!!
Ah , My Shirt Is Dirty .
Fuuuck :o
37 years old; 4 neck surgeries; played entire career indoors; 95 million...
and people are ready to hand him the Super Bowl Trophy.
Can't wait to get my weekends back...
count down begins...
got ha pimp
: Still coming back from Vegas and all I want is to be on my couch with Chipotle and Game of Thrones!!
I forgot to record it!
me and some workaholics lol ha ha
Use the real Adobe Acrobat software.
It will allow you to encrypt and/or set a multitude of use restrictions.
Lovin Savannah.
Saw a bunch of Gulfstreams on the way in and enjoying river street w/some oysters.
AsaKid I loved fucking up shit!
Just for the hell of it!
Tomorrow's artists, inventors and writers to present at Awesome Project Night, 6:307:30p tonight at St.
Agnes School, Avon, NY
Hope you had a great trip, Bruce!
Can't wait to see you tomorrow.
Just one more online test!
Then / 2nite w/my alchohol poordescisions 3
Goodmorning Folks!
Another soon to be gorgeousday in the neighborhood!
Who's ready for theweekend?
Is your ride ready for a night out?
what's the name of the twitter client you recommend again?
sorry I'm late but if you see Ro Blackman can you wish him a happy belated birthday for me?
Thanks!
yuck!!
That's just ridiculous!!
yes!
are you as shocked as I am!?
Wanna start creating our sitcom???
Watching Mozgov and Gallo is bitter sweet as a Knicks fan.
Let's go Nuggets.
lol no, it's okay!
Um, I take back my crime scene tweet.
It's alive!!
And I'm utterly confused.
More good things coming  www.d3xsoft.com working on a playable sneek peak!
Stay tuned!
Wildlife Bald Eagle Head Rustic Art Statue Tree Stand ebay
I have no idea  No Clue!
I am lousy at figuring the darn things out .
.
you?
Talking puzzles  on this, International Puzzle Day.
Matrix Selections 64.39 Units So Far in Major League Baseball.
3D Selections 564 26 Units So Far This Baseball Season.
u knw we had a gud ass time to
Thanks I like yours too, Spain is the best place in the world that is where we are from
I Wouldn't Doubt It.
that's still just as many as we won the entire 07 season.
Does doctorving to a redbox at 9:20 to get The Hangover 2 mean I'm living by YOLO or LivingMas?
Casting lock down tonight.
Yes!
:
nice pic , u r so beautiful!
I have been off Twitter due to family obligations.
For those who have prayed for my cousin,Tommy, the past 2 yrs  he passed away on Wed
lmfao u know her style lol
Merry Christmas!
Scored a 10ft iPhone sync cord for 2.
: dont hold her hand if you arent willing to take everything that comes with it...
Bulls Gibson playing tonight.
Noah, game time decision.
daamn!..I feel it tho...rain check bro....we gon get lifted soon g...until then ima put 1 in the air 4 u...
Did you go to Spelman?
RT i don't need doctorgs or alcohol to act like a complete fucking moron.
just house music
withorwithoutyou I'll rise and you can never stop me being successful and that's real talk don't bring me down LOVE GANAE TO WORLD
are you near Ruchelle?
Yea its mhe im the follower
O, pretty flowers!
My husband is watching the game.
I'm watching tweets abt the game.
My version is so much better!
this is my official marrige proposal .
so here it goes...Will You Marry Me Austin ?
3
Chocolate printer.
Can you say, Hello, I love you, won't you tell me your name?
any better than with a chocolate bus card?
//j.mp/HZnPQI
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be alsoJesus
Ers continues to play great.
Up 10 now let's close out strong.
not sure yet brother.
You?
thx!
It was fantastic as usual!
And happy birthday !!!
I hope it's a good one!
See ya this Sunday!
thats alright u r who u r
my boyfriend is lame like me :3
I am sure everyone on that stage is for privatizing the TSA  though I may be wrong.
I wouldn't want cry baby bron or I can't get out of the first round without shaq or lebron Wade
PR story coming your way via email!
School tomorrow...so tired !
I wish I could give the world one giant chill pill
Oh em gee
Am I good enough?
Hm
We have a show this Thursday, March 15th at The Up  Under on Brady St.
Come check it out Milwaukee!!!!
: Juan has a twitter account  yes, but does he follow us?
Let me rephrase.
Rather than pix , shocking in terms of confession, intent or leaving , deeds, certificates
its those allergies trying to get to you, feel better soon!
Looking through these tweets, it really upsets me that there are actually people who want Jessica to be in the bottom two.
29 minutes and Chelsea have barely touched the ball
omg!
Lets go to Atlanta to see Christian  then tell him to follow you :
Slightly bummed.
Just found a really disheartening comment on a workshop evalualtion from somthing I presented last year.
Concoted vegetarian lasagna this weekend: Eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash, mushroom, ricotta  Grumpy Goat cheese.
YUM!
make it an online course for the alumni college
I dnt wet the bed.
I jud soak da sheets
The Wii's back fan should be spinning while it's on, right?
At the Brakhage Award Ceremony for Abigail Child
Thanks for following
One Direction , Justin Bieber ,  Christian Beadles !
3
Mission Hills Community Garage Sale is April 21.
San Diego 92103.
175 runners around 115K for first.
hahaha!!!!
LOVE this tweet 
my oscars interest is waining.
hard.
another successful planning session with Hillel interns!
so many events to look forward to!
I'm really looking forward to seeing CHERNOBYL DIARIES.
Should I temper my expectations?
Damn always knew I should've taken up skydiving !
Then I could audition for Verizon with :
Grumpy patients all week  wine!
Promise yourself to be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.
Christian Larson
This is legacy mind you.
I would never use any Network Solutions hosting service willingly.
They should stick with overpriced domain names.
AutoMT1's commentaries aren't in the printed book or Kindle/epub files published by UC Press.
That PDF can be loaded onto an ereader.
that's some seriously dark humor there, son!
Fingers crossed that I can avoid said scenario X X
Love An Idiot Abroad....worth watching
will do guys!
:
Long day at the office?
We have a cure..come and wine down 20 bottles of wine..let us help make it a great night!
Nice bunt by Hart there.
:
To do list for day: Going to do some writing, exercising, then take doctorve to beach for walk on a cold beach w chowda in hand of course!
Off to Rivergate
Were you there for the first this year?
One of the best lacrosse nights I've ever experienced.
peck is among the v best.
high regard unchanged : And he learned the ways from Moynihan, too.
I see.
It was unclear as https was not showing in my addoctorss bar, but I see it now inside the request.
Thanks for clearing that up.
thanks John!
Was just told Julianne Moore is filming a movie in Rye right now.
I didn't know they were making another 'Tales From the Crypt'.
thank you for the retweet
: Hard hit but I'm OK, thought we had the win.
Just keep kickin ass.
I love it when you win cuz it makes so many people mad!
Your designer heart still beats with common blood.
oohhhhhh is on 's late late show tonight!
I frikkin' love that guy and his pointy fingers :
ooc; was it mine?!
It was you who gave me the wrong idea!
Ft.
Vallonia Days with the family.3
Where's my ??
He always knows how to make me smile
probably good that is not home this weekend...
need to get a lot of homework done and I'm easily distracted
nice pic!
There must be some software out there making digital mapping easy.
That's probably unfair to say.
check your gmail, your image is ready and sent.
:
we really need tickets to the show in oakland for me and
happy mother's day!
I sent it..
Im curled up in a ball, on my bed trying to go to sleep.
My sleeping schedule is off.
Bounty?
Involved should be arrested.
Typical, mouth breathing, knuckle doctorgging attitude of spoiled, pampered monosyllabic sub humans.
GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK :d  A SHOUTOUT GO GO GO
Got my first pair of glasses in approximately 17 years.
My old pair belongs in the Dork HallofFame.
Oh that was close.
Who is watvhing the superbowl?XD
Ann...
What do you think of images that I published...
Careful that pie doesn't eat you!
hey you should check out See Jane Rock on facebook!
I'm sorry about your hives.
Happy Wedding though.
That is exciting.
:
Lastest IM Reviews Posts seven Lcd Andoctorid two.two Tablet PC WiFi 800480 Digital camera GSensor
phone survey for republican primary elections didn't even bother to ask if I voted republican.
Our house may have been badly built, but it was the arsonists of Wall Street...
that poured petrol thru our letterbox  started this fire.
Can't wait for my second man date with tonight!!
RT  Woohooo!
Football!
The Jacksonville Jaguars new white jerseys look nice!
Catching up on
Thanks for the S/O !
love you to sis kisses
Got the friday feelin ops I smell TROUBLE haha!!!.
hm I dunno I talked 2 him  it didn't sound like he planned on it.
I'm hanging tough.
Hoping they have a good showing.
Bluesanta delivering blue Santa just a little way to give back.
omg have you seen his live shows?
Hey, you bite people too?
sounds like a great endorsement!
We agree, Israel is a model 4 many reasons!!
AND.....
Now you are blocked.
Good bye.
Even Toby Keith has to laugh at the fact millions of people actually bought the song Red Solo Cup.
Complete Garbage
Very nice!
I like it RT : If you're a developer, you can check out the new Facebook Timeline style professorle page re:...
i lost my voice 3 days ago and i still haven't found it.
ugg
Hahaha thank you.
For those keeping score, still no Internet.
Learning fascinating things about my colleagues though.
I think it's quirkiness not humor that is valued most.
Humor can be overdone but quirkiness is always appreciated
Going out to celebrate Mattys bday might black out a few times!
haha punk!
Txt me!
Yeah?
:
Two words that describe how to get things done: PLANNING  EXECUTION.
The history of states and nations has done little but serve some income for historiographers and book dealers.
Loving this BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS thing on Twitter today.
that's a great pic!
Looks great!!
kids Weekend Science with Critter Connections at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Every Saturday at 11:00AM ...
I think if Sugarland, TX was a Houston neighborhood rather than a suburb I'd really like it.
The cleanliness and order appeals to me.
I cant keep up these 2 n they twitter names 
lol well good job!
Arnt u suppose to be hooping right now
Attempting to get my web geek on tonight!
:
Ride the London Eye!
It was closed the last time we were there...
toss up b/t LA, San Fran, and Sac.
lol.
is it good lol
Desiree Peter Berkin from the office of Mayor Nutter talks about shifting realities of social media at acmYMS govt.
uses digital on ramps
Glad to hear it.
Good times ahead indeed!
somepeopleshould take a hint
I'm in love with granny smith apples.
: !RT : And you should RT : Feelin particularly pretty today :
ok sounds good.
I'll be in touch good sir.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, GAGA.
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND.
In Dec.
had first client to have 100 of their employees loved their culture!
Way to go!
Munching Celery w/ vegetable cream cheese ...
yummy ...
Late night friendly's trip with :
There is not a more pleasing exercise of the mind than gratitude.
Joseph Addison
U hv a nice day to baby.
Xoxo!RT hey beauty have a nice day you looks so good always
Here come b dogg here come b dogg
RT : Fans, 2 new ices will debut soon PBJ  MargaRITA Ice.
Stop by for a free sample  quarts for Cinco De Mayo Celebrations
I'm finishing 'The Cookbook Collector,' by Allegra Goodman and reading 'The Wise Heart' by Jack Kornfield.
Thanks for the free shirts at wherecamp.
Love that new logo.
Are there seriously office oscar pools?
Your public demands that you make an outfit entirely out of wwjce foods.
I'll bring a fork.
:p
One's that inspire or ask a question !!
Its over wit!
Go job tho grizzlies!
Las Vegas Jobs and Nevada Employment Las Vegas jobs, Nevada careers, Reno jobs.
...
SEARCH JOBS.
What job are you looking for?
Did you miss brunch today?
Join us for BREAKFAST tomorrow  or any day of the week!
We open at 7am every weekday...
I couldn't agree more!
: every day should be record store day.
I'm here for tha party.
I'm lost...
Did and want flowers or followers?
;
I thought about you all day today, but that is nothing new.
I did the same yesterday and I'll do it tomorrow, too.
1 RT : Yesterdays giveaway with was so much fun!
So how about we do another giveaway today?
Time to go for a run
110 pickpocketproof pants?
I'll just carry a knife, thank you.
Im good, and you?
Looking forward to reading it!
April Mobility is out tomorrow!
Robert Panetti, learning geek , atlanta.
I learned that lrnchat has been invaded by the egg people
HOPE EVERYONE HAD A SAFE AND HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
European Financial Stability Facility was set up this summer as slush fund with 440 billion eurosToo small to handle Italy  Spain bailouts
couldn't get a ticket to io12 at least there's tonight!
You and need to vacay here  we can get in all sorts of trouble.bourbon distilleries and karaoke.
wouldn't you be discombobulated if your biggest insecurity was exposed by Granger?
Balding is no joke.
I'd miss freethrows too.
Wake up in the A.M.
compose a beat.
Nice day to be off.
Guna switch it up and make a hip hop beat today.
Guilty pleasure...Jack Links Jack Pack.
The interactive sessions have been too hard to choose.
Learn about OPL's opensource projects  3:15 w/ CoDirector Michael Riordan
RT : Minnesota, Georgia and south Carolina suffering from policy interference, politics hindering progress?
YES!
I LOVE THE LORD WITH ALL MY HEART
Time 4 bed.Jury duty ended 2day but I stayed 2 observe next case.Might go back 2 see end of case tomm.I'm a freak I know,I like jury duty!
awkward because my band's name has 'direction' in it.
Ice cream sounds awesome right now.
GoodNight Muriel , i love you so much !
:
I heard the jury's still out on science.
Happy Birthday :
Thanks guys.
It works great!
I think that possibly I'm maybe falling for you.
better yet Follow US.
We got you.
Show some love back!
loving my usual axxium manicure in lincoln park after dark, best thing ever created
Sadly noInjured  bikeless
I was possessed!
2K!!!
I'm going for another round at 2pm.
Anyone?
you are very kind :
living with no regrets.
Top sales mistake: lack of persistent follow up.
Most give up WAY too quickly.
Land Rover Celebrates 25 Years in North America and Debuts New Concept Vehicles and Limited Editions at The 2012 New ...
Farmers Market day!!
get your fresh, local fruits and veggies from 912!
More information on my Debt Reduction and Sewer Stabilization Plan will be available soon including the dates and times of public meetings
RT : Can't wait for the premiere of When Tobii met Siri
Adding swag to something doesn't make it cool...
Wow it seems everyone wants to jump ship on the Rockies already.
There's only 158 games left.
LOL pay back baby.
Durant  Westbrook going ham on Dallas Mavericks Dirk an the boys in a dog fight
Morris Brown College
: I'm already not liking this game.
same
Awesome conversations on Twitter this week with , , , , ,  more!
In his lab trying to discover a cure for global warming, Al Gore mixed four potions accidently creating the internet.
A.
Teach.
B.
Inspire C.
Lead...
I choose D ...
All of the above!
Breaking News: Oil is slippery.
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing to me because your actions spoke the truth.
No.
Nathan Sutton.
Nathan Owens is dating Leda
Thanks, for the sandwiches.
That coupon was awesome.
yes and yes!
I miss you too but I'm coming home in maybe June.
But come here anyway!
Vegas baby
No futureAround here that term is nonexistent
ugh.
sister.
bitch.
she's just jealous that i have confidence  i think i'm pretty, nothings wrong with that, God thinks i'm beautiful, too.
Just woke up to flurries...
didn't I just go on a bike ride in 70 degree weather on Thursday?
The Knicks look about the same without Amare Stoudemire...
so true.
LOL
Thanks for the shout out...I am listening in 2 win ; One thing though...what's the number 2 call?
Thanks Felisha
Wakka flocka is 1 dumb mofo y did his management team allow him on a live show like 106 n park, to make a fool of hisself WTF bang ya dead
I also enjoyed that last night when I was running around crazy trying to fix a failed pcast.
No witnesses  good thing ;
20ThingsAboutMe i love wearing relaxing clothes 90 of the time :
Who goes in the rotation then?
Cook?
help im a songwriteer with writersblock im wokring on a rockballadanyadvice for me i would appreciated it alot thanks
Dayton airfares remain a bargain  Dayton Daily News
nice skate spot i wish i can skate that...
:
sure it wasn't a dude zim?
I hate the Miami heat so much
Bobby!
Glad your follow was accompanied by a boom, or I wouldn't believe it was you.
Thanks!
Will do
that's just the way I'm built Nasty  what, classy, still
its follow friday maybe I could get a follow : pretty please
Good morning tweeps!
Thinking tacos for lunch?
We completely agree :
Hot AC should be called Slowass AC
Coaching call with brandon barber group....loving this journey and growth
I like your hair
Let's raise the Palestinian flag, and let that flag be the symbol of peace and justice in the Middle East
A special thank you to our 666th follower Hope your not superstitious!!
LOL Thank you for the support :o
Cool Stuff Sarah, thank you!
hahahhahahaa i know
Yep.
Got call while visiting local principal.
Left meet  went straight to tat parlor on 6th.
RT Does tat mean freedom papers?
Had a great time at the Colony South Hotel Bridal Show yesterday.
Looking forward to wedding planning and preparations for our new brides.
sorry im 2 hours late
I can't live, if livin' is without you.
Out scouting locations today.
Hopefully we will find what we're looking for.
: Stephen Hill: 49 career receptions.
but how much did GT throw ball?
Looks like Evelyn and Ocho are having a twitter war of the roses type situation going on....
so sorry for your loss, remember the values and principles she instilled in you as a child to guide you in your life.
don't lie to yourself toots
4:53 on 1/12.
sending love to quell the chaos.
the ache remains.
OMG OMG vinny told his story nd i'm crying even more that was jus Mean :'ILYShawty3
no sir.
I am transferring sales center.
you're welcome!
and because no Friday is complete with repeating it
Getting mad because someone ate all the French onions off the top of the green bean casserole on Thanksgiving!
I Love Orphan And The Hunger Games You Did Great!
take a short vacation lexie u'll be okayy....
Over 2000 tweets!
yeeey I hope before the end of 2012, I'll have more than 3000!
Love ya all 
our school's prom .?
lol duh
You can always count on there being a Mariachi band when you're in Texas
Fringe changed my world...
all you need to do to let it ChangeYourWorld is CHANGE THE CHANNEL to Fox tonight!
In NYC this week for Landmark Capital's 'Invest for the Cures' conference.
Silere presenting therapeutic neurostim for chronic tinnitus.
Reading is a means of thinking with another person's mind;it forces you to stretch your own  Charles Scribner Jr
I had never really thought about it before but its true he really struggles to get his glove down correctly when he has to go left.
Bruins wining happy me :
Sometimes you just have to take a beak from social media.
right now i have a smile from ear to ear...can't believe your replied haha.
gotta admit you're making me blush a little lol.
My 1st generation iPad is on the blink.
Good thing it's almost my birthday.
im just worried abou the competition he was facing in the big east tho.
Not too much quality in there
any idea why i always have to check my todo item twice in chrome?
w7 using chrome app shortcut.
no big deal, just a minor annoyance
He hasn't committed to HPBNC!
RT Digital billboard by DFW Airport: Ready for Rickie?
You just have one of those faces I would never get tired of seeing.
We can't look at 'truth' in a monolithic way.
What all these projects  initiatives had in common was to illustrate the messiness of truth.
CHECKLIST CHARLIE
The U.S.
tax code is one complicated mofo
Independence Greetings to all Jamaicans.
Love and Light
ItsHardTo act like you don't exsist
NO I'M A BOSS.
Wow!
RT We will be in Las Vegas for SGIA in October and has a color talk planned.
:
followed babe ;
honored!
mother nature fucked up my night.
Jealous much fuuuck Haters.!!x
nercomp12 connectyard as lms.never heard of conect yard b4.can attach video from phone as a message
: Im a mix of Roseanne, Joe dirt and a high class bus station skank High class bus station or high class shank?
I think you guys have just outdone yourselves twenty times over.
I love you more than ever now.
Freak is amazing!
LISTEN!
Im done trying with that shit .
Its not worth the disappointment.
Guys night with my two boys   youngtwitterlessbraxton Nothn better!
Luv these 2 fellas!
had such a good night
Cannot wait to get back on my healthy eating plan..the food was good but I am stuffed..blah
Ho hum, just another Saturday with St.
John's on in a national game, slaying another Giant.
la dee daa, just a typical day for Lavin.
.
.
Proverbs 14:34 NKJV Righteousness exalts a nation, But sin is a reproach to any people.
Getting word that body found near Lake Skinner has been identified as Brittany Killgore.
Latest at 6pm
It helps if you know you're an introvertand need to practice some selfcareso that you don't pass out at conference talks.
My premise is that the people who use the word Liberal are wrong or dishonest about what liberal means.
he is so beautiful  Germany loves this Boy.
His Name is : follow me please?
xx
haha!
no problem
RT : This is awesome.
I'm not waiting on hold RIGHT NOW because is having Delta Airlines call me.
Seriously, I'm going to start deleting people who are flooding the timeline with those stupid, notsowitty comments!!
what in the what now?
This meeting could change everything, headed 2 beachwood.
oranges are still delicious.
Will.i.am, lead singer for the Black Eyed Peas, is upset that Sony Music will be releasing 10 previously unaired Michael Jackson songs.
Now is a great time to get outside with your notebook and write a poem!
We are singing Bohemian Rhapsody
looks like today we will stay closed ...puccia fan come back tomorrow ciao
Kudos to you guys!
Good morning from Brussels!
Feel Life: Love, Joy, Passion, Exhilaration, Fun, Interest.
You have a choice.
CreateYourDay via
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
I have a feeling this will be the best year yet!!!!
Wishing I had been smart enough to enter DVPRreboot this Spring!
Sounds like an amazing opportunity...
Here's hoping for Fall '11!
: Bulls fans you still like Wade?
SMFH!!
never have.
I'm down
Learning all the words to songs on the doctorve to corvallis.
We suggest everyone do the same for our pdxmusic bill at
I'm so freakin bored!
the voice would put justin to perform last.
dammnit.
i have school.
Was it his first day of school?
I am coming into the conversation late.
thank you friend Sandi
OR MABELLENE LOL RT :Oh you guys think she's pretty?
Yeah, you guys should thank photoshop.
Thanks for the tweet back!
RT : Coincidence...our favorite part, too!
meek mills say and im on probation a lot...
nothing to brag about nigga we know.
Another hurdle has crossed my path.
Pesky things.
Shall I  yell, laugh, cry, go get french fries, or crawl into bed with Game of Thrones?
We're excited to be out with The Greening of Detroit on Saturday morning to do some planting along the Lyndon Greenway!
Who's up for some latenight transcription?
I can't wait
Breakfast on our day off.
Kitsch'n On Roscoe
How is anything ugly a good  perfect gift, you ask?
Because just as God gives us the good, He gives us the bad  the ugly...to OVERCOME.
My legs feel like jelo.
Too much physical exercise.
My roommate had that same idea years ago.
If someone markets a Burrito Band Aid, I'm tearing the walls open for wiretaps.
There is always some madness in love.
But there is also always some reason in madness.
potentially 4 lefties in the bullpen
What a rainy day here in Charlotte.
It makes you wanna take a nap but I'm fighting it and getting some work done.
More issues than RollingStone magazine.
Going home today!
Hooray!
so funny you mentioned that quote!
That quote stuck out to me the most, too!!
for sure!
That is absolutely RIDICULOUS!!!!!!
In fact first Deep Ecol text?
Representing Nature from Nature's POV
Aw!
Look at the smile of his.
Haha that pic got me cheesing too lmao!
It's officially your my new twitter bestie!
LOL!
XD
Words can't explain how I feel right now
lol pants stayed up ;
After dealing with Dutch, German, Korean and American moving companies, there's no doubt in my mind that the American ones are the worst!
Win or lose that kid is gonna be fun to watch!!!!
let's hope it's win.
Hell yes !
And since Romney signed gay marriage into law in Massachusetts this should be a nonissue in the election.
Right?
I want some chesse cake,sweet tooth..
Bah!
Aliens  Abyss  Terminator  Avatar  Titanic  T2  Piranha 2  True Lies
would like to learn more.
doctorp me an email with more details a bit closer to the event date?
: awsstartups at amazon dot com
We would love to come into a large sum of money if anyone would like to assist us with that.
ifithelpswe'renice
I think that the contenders will use all they plan to use by the time bidding starts.
A team ahead of them would bid more.
I think your priorities are in order.
For the uninformed, what's your fav EPL squad?
thanks for the follow!
shocked  sad
LADIES: I know you've been hurt, but don't no man wanna fix another mans mistakes
I'm an east side Cleveland wild boy
Show respect to receive it...
Had trouble deciding where to take the mom for mothers day  saw that hooters is doing a free boneless wings for moms deal.
First breakfast of 2012.
If this french toast and bacon is any indication of how 2012 will be, than it is going to be one delicious year!
Low End Theory on repeat
ChristianFacts Christian loves his fans so much he once went shopping with a shirt that saysI do it for my fans only ChristiansGirls xox
I just got HACKED!
Haha okay ill get right on that!:
My iPhone still doesn't know Manayunk.
Its really fighting this onr
just finished rolling a blunt
Memoirs of a geisha
At Shilo's with mamaw and Britt!
shid clouds this fight and what Eva eles is crackin why was good.
N I got that bag too
I think I pulled something in my back
yes.
Yes it is.
But enjoy the introduction video with Ed Bradley once you get there.
Struggling to get your users to do an action?
Think about their ability  motivation  trigger to complete the task says
insightful, funny, honest and filled with humanity...you were particularly good.
got the photo of you and the boys rafting...sweet
to clean like alcohol but less harsh.
Just brought a ELLE Magazine I love Fashion Magazines :D
SERIOUSLY, I turn your station off EVERY MORNING because Chuck Booms is absolutely UNLISTENABLE!
We know you spoiled your Mom yesterday, now why not spoil yourself at BkSq!
even then he will let u hyphenate :
Girls Who Dont Give Head Are Fools...Not Cool
Why can't buffalo wild wings actually show sports?
Every time.
she won an Emmy for it.
Her replacement got better.
It was my mom's favorite show.
Thanks for the MT!
Does posi mean positive!?!
Bands learning things at Overlook Studios.
I am also an HSP and found you while tracking Happy Feet; nice to follow you along with HF :
nice...just got another job interview...
should have two web programming job interviews to kick off Jan 2012
Only for my Facebook friends, though.
You got the advanced preview.
Today I opened it up to Twitter.
just got out!
I was dying too.
We are not doing anything b/c IB students are testing...this is my last week of testing
Lohse pitched a great game.
it'll be nice to see those rings once they come back to St.
Louis
Don't worry about the haters Nicole you made the right choice..Marcus was better last night!!
Congrats to for scoring a 32 on the Wonderlic.
scored 25.
I had 23 a 20.
All above average
We had sushi last night too!
We had salmon, tuna, and Kipp made spicy tuna roll, California roll,  spicy California roll!
What's more painful?
A root canal or an ex in the waiting room?
lmao I knew you would eventually tryna defame my tweets nshit smdh
i luv that movie!!!!
today i met lovely ranom people!
Farewell special to our daily package of picks.
All 10 for only 10 today!
We will be back to 5 Guarantees and 10 Locks tomorrow!
Hop on!
So i've heard.
Most people I know are skipping.
Kathy Ireland's Presentation on Decorating with Antiques at 1pm today.
Constructivism Predictions?
All or nothing norms, social distinctions matter more, creation of a world state.
Some people have lives,  some people have Lady Gaga.
so sick : but spending the day with eli doing hw ;p
Cease viewing yourself as expert, collaborate w/others to expand perspective
Done unpacking.
That only took..two days 
my friends are in the bathroom, getting higher than the empire state.
ok, will do.
You fuckin with the most dope knuckle heads getting money fuck the feds ya that's Stevie wonder bread
You need to go out and catch a unique animal.
You know how?
You got to nique up on him.
LoL
Why doesn't Piers Morgan go back to looking for talent somewhere?
CNN has really hit bottom.
This case just outed all its mess.
StopBullying TREND IT:
we'll be back in ten minutes!
Then we'll be headed out to go hiking around 1 for the rest of the day.
So now or stop by tomorrow
Don't those have cool doctorm programs?
M....vodka cran
AmericanIdol Fans don't take it for granted.
Regardless who's the best singer, you have to vote.
Best of luck to all.
Give my liberty, Don't give me Debt!
Up by nine!!!
Celtics!!!
If I trust my players then no TO RT Should Anthony Grant have called TO down 1 w/8 sec ?
What do you do in those situations?
storm just came, I'm in an Irish bar with all the cops
oh I just wanna rock your gypsy soul
Granite ore marblewhich do you prefer?
Crazy believes I am influential in metadata, science  tech, libraries, etc, and...skateboarding?
What?
are you on xbox now?
i have your money:
Fitness Tip FridayDo affirmations every day before you fall asleep and when you first wake up!
Change your subconscious mind to BE slim!
Cars?!?!?!?!
r u serious?????
omg u have to see it.
its the cutest movie ever!!!
Wouldn't miss it!
Feeling Blessed beyond belief, I have a feeling it's going to be a great day!
Passing this feeling on.
Have a blessed Tuesday!
Ahaha LastTimeIChecked u still a bitch
Just checked back in to hopstop.com and was surprised how many cities they now cover.
Get transit  walking directions for 37 major cities!
Takes an ass kicker to know an ass kicker D
shit you ain't lying beautiful gonna make me slide that way tomorrow!
Hi looking forward to Seattle's SkiFever Show October 28, 29, 30.
midleved What is on your YA reading list for the summer?
About time I created mine  would love Ur help!
Thx!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY.......to all the mom's in twitter world!!!!
And It still hurts when I think about you.
Watching ghostadventures after working at a
Happy Birthday my man!
Not only does the newest workout apparel make you look pretty good, it can battle blisters, wick away moisture, and keep you feeling perky.
follow back?
DM me?:
: Mic pre's are the number 1 most overrated pieces of equipment ever made You're crazy as hell...
where in east LA can I go trout fishing?
Like which lakes did they put the trout in?
FF roll call.
who's heading to ewa2013 next week?
Has he taken his visit to UNLV yet?
It's amazing how much more fun breweries are than regular bars.
Anyone wanna commit to being a fan of IPAs like me?
Ahaha no problem!
:
It feels better to say it aloud than keep it to myself
it was man.
Beat them to death!
Haha
oh em gee!
No no no no no no :
You just made our day!
on my way to the half
RT : doctorw Barker is now talking with South Carolina and LSU.
I think we've got our top player in Kentucky for 2014.
a small fleet of ipads
bryzoverpaid now  you just lost carter's 36 goals.
if you think stamkos is going to philly, you are insane.
SignsAFightBout2Breakout the whole cafeteria gets extremely quiet.
You're missing 4000 holes from your database.
AlrigHt YeaH, FoLlow me ThankS
Backing my bags for a week long trip to
Hi  welcome to Twitterland!
Merry Xmas love!!
lol I love your tweets!
Thanks for the K's, I'm behind in my K's!
Will be at coffeecon this weekend doing a wine vs coffee debate w/
whos the scariest legend playing fantasyfootball..think u got the guts to take down a legend at
you musn't say anything to the Minnis.
Just listen.
Trust me.
Maybe it won't rain all weekend..lol!
Can't always rely on news weather Chanel!
:
Looking forward to it!
I love you so much Jusitn3please tweet back and follow
When does the MLS happening in Houston start???
Start the Twitter feed when it does so we can all be there!
RT Shut ya dumb ass up talking bout is disrespectful to Philly bitches.
Its freaks all over the world that's real
got up bright and early to make brownies and do laundoctor
haha id love to!
No plans yet, but I def wanna visit.
If for some crazy reason I come during the summer youl have to..
give me french kisses
Let me get on my lyrical shit!
so that means text me back or get stomped.
the shittyness of some people can be so shocking...
no way that play was cja fault
no its isnt
lol that just brightend my day
I wanted beyonce to win
Lovely shout, Trish, thank you :
wow are you changing locations for good?
I will have to find you :
YES.
READ IT.
You know it buddy!
And THANK YOU ...
I'm blushing :
Bitch just touched my food!
Have she lost her marbles!?!?!?
Oh that cunt bag, so disrespectful!
how was everyone's weekend?
IM STARVING !
!!
tell us what you think of our designs!
Here in the beautiful, sunny offices of helping to codeacross
I need a pedicure my feet suck
Watching the SFG/STL game..GO GIANTS!!!
fingerscrossed : Crossing fingers that this guy busts out a ramp and board and answers questions while skating.
Very disappointed at the last minute notice about the films being cancelled.
I really wanted to see
Life's not about the people who act true to your face.
It's about the people who remain true BEHIND YOUR BACK.
Mitt Romney in Washington DC on Wednesday to raise money for campaign
Perfection: ...to combine the seasick physicality of hardcore punk with instrumentation beyond guitars and emotion without anger.
why does it smell like somebody bathed in bacon qreese this mornin' ?
My new phone comes 2morrow.
Because you fail to see the crippling economic and environmental impacts of industrialized beef production?
Watching celebs discuss the Occupy Movement on Twitter is reminiscent of having a go at stand up on Comedy Central.
wwwwwhhhhhhhaaaaaaatttttt again!!!!!!!!!
For what now??????
Y didn't I know :/
If a Zombie is Decapitated and the Brain is in tact.
Does the Head Live?
Michigan had to ruin a perfect first round for the
In this rainy day nothing better to eat than a Wanto Soup!!!
Hm comfort food....!!
ARe there specific orgs or columnists whose views your column is meant to refute?
2/2
Epoxy floor paints are also available in many colors for all those who require a little special attention in their floor cloor
Yup.
Still sitting here waiting.
Awesome.
Westside residents concerned, frightened about decapitation  KOLDTV Westside residents concerned, frightened about decapitation KOLD
And the would you rathers have started......
i LOVE you jasmine :D
ah shit.
My reply all tweet skills suck.
This is why I will never credit myself REPLY ALL TWEET BY...
I turn it off when Donald comes on, but I multitask and am watching the Crew too :
trying to get a contact on you the WB card I got had a different number
Final rehearsal before tour complete.
Ready to hit the road...hope you can join us!
Its soo sad ur own kid wants to move out and never talk to u again...ur a pathetic excuse of a mother
I want subway.
might be a Brazilian tho
RonRon was acting too normal for a few hours.
Devin Ebanks thought he had to up the crazy.
isheforreal?

ps tony..
my email ding is like pavlov's bell too!
I ALWAYS check it!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day, everyone!
When ur txt a hot girl and ur phone 
will you both be at Glue next month?
I'm good how bout yourself
Thanks for the RT!
hahaha, you would be ;P
Fam observations from this wknds visit home: if I lived  home i'd weight 300lbs  pops insists on putting the toilet paper on upside down.
i would listen
HELP ALEXIS MEET JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!
Be not simply good, be good for something.
Henry David Thoreau, died this date 150 years ago
just listened to the entire definition package and theComplexExperiment package while studying.
Get at em
alternative investment rates are simply too low to encourage owners to sell: the days of 5 returns are a distant memory
Beach Bound
We have a jar to put a dollar in if you're 1 min late to the daily scrum.
The money is donated to charity picked by The Team.
Love it when I figure out something  help someone else learn something new too.
I actually ran into Deborah she said art prints are her favorite!
Though it seems like we're the only ones at work today, we are here.
We've got a Friday morning blog post coming right up!
the redsox are actually winning right now, but I don't even care.
I'm glad to  have been very encouraged by all the possitive feedback too
What are you doing awake so late?
:O
Yeah!
We got him about 8 weeks ago : His name is Walter!
.
we miss Chris too, but Andy does mix up a pretty mean cocktail in his place
please donate 10 cents to Aurora for us!
thanks!
So glad to be watching the scandal encore.
Missed it the first time.
It's AWESOME!!!
the only SXSWi tweets i'm following are 's because she's the 1 influencer on and she's super digital
Discount coupon lifetime fitness
40 minutes please hurry!!!!!
Still serving up Ahi Salmon and Thai tea.
Come on down to South SanJose Ca.
Kaiser Santa Teresa Farmers Market!
Get your lunch here!
Skyping at coffee shops is more awkward than blueteeth.
talkwithyourhandsmuch?
1913 photo of the Kew Gardens tea house after it was destroyed by militant suffragettes
As someone who works for an EHR company, I'm obligated to say yes.
: However, there's more to it than just EHRs
so excited to come down and see u salon FL!!!
I won a vacay at the Xmas party!!
You have to show me a good time!
man get da fck on dude u giving me a got dam ear infection plus a head ache
Hi Caitlin!
You can call any time to ask for the approx.
eta of your cab 7735614444  8473030303.
Have a nice weekend:
Working on projects with colleagues?
Want a shared space to track the project's progress?
Check it out!
www.IamINC.biz
Let us die young or let us live forever, We dont have the power but we never say never.
foreveryoung 3
Why summer now?
My pleasure  of course!
How green is the ground your way?
I lived in Atlanta for several years...crazy pollen!
yall heard that Amen with doctorke and meek mill tho?
and then I left.
I can!
First check out my work BTW flexible prices, lots of deals we can talk...www.leocortesstudios.com
TomStoppard RnGrDead : Richarddoctoryfuss is amazing in this; Tim  Gary too, of course.
Cleaning up my computer desktop was much easier than cleaning up my real desktop.
I'm alljackedup on tiramisu and Starbucks!
Hey!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ; 3..
BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!xo
do you have any auto items??
check out debuting May 2011 caters to hot new designers!
the responses to your tweet Boozer didn't addoctorss the media after the game show how Bulls fans feel about him.
come club with me.lol.
Missing my Ave...
how many days now?
2012 STAR Awards: Pfizer volunteers provide essential help to Kalamazoo Loaves and Fishes
Naps should be a required item each and everyday.
Good Morning....
Happy Sunday  FUNDAY 
shut up go to bed
doctorpping some heat rite now....
man we coming y'all...
But of course it's for the ladies first...
HeatMakers!!!!!!!!
ok I promise :
my thoughts exactly my dude
Ultimately for some things, I think the manual is obsolete because a device should be intuitive and have instruction built in
An accredited online MBA degree will carry significant value in any organization's hiring and career advancement decisions.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back.
:
If you spell out numbers, how far can you get before you use the letter a?
No.
That didn't just happen.
No...
Thank you!
Looking forward to joining the conversation next week!
haha its ok im in the US :D shes a lot more popular here lol
Yes.
But: Might trade societal justice if it meant having their boy back.
Real eyes realize lies.
haha at my sister saying I could probably pass with her old ID..
which is actually true and I should try it one day 
He's learning.
RT : FinleyI could care less about the contract right now.
I'm fortunate to be in the position that Im in.
: RT Any child or old or sick person who's dying wish is to trend on twitter prolly deserves what's coming to them.
bethanar: sla2010 seems a zillion years ago  New Orleans itself may never quite leave me!
amazing city :
People!
Tell ur people to tell there people to trend
calvin johnson?
Kristie just said, You're turning 18 next year!
ARE YOU EVEN IN SCHOOL?
omg
went through FB withdoctorwal for the 1st few days, but i'm cool now, lol
thanks buddy!!
GOD DAMN!
people should just be themselves and not follow other peoples bad actions like seriously u should all be trendsetting nough said
How could I not have jumped right in?
You all have made me feel so welcome, thank you!
I'm gonna start collecting nail polish when I get the chance.
Great lunch with
Our middle relief fucking sucks
Tonights show is with HFB at The Twisted Cork in Bellevue, WA 91am
Hotlinks on the grill!
Anthracite Coal Strike Commission by President Theodore Roosevelt.
Although I may not see him as often as I like, he's still my first and last thought everyday and night...
:
Am close with Nick's boss in KC.
The guy has a lot of talent.
Will be interesting to hear you two.
How long are strawberry feilds?
Awww...
Isn't the world so sweet
After a year of no new songs, we just put up a new song that has been sitting on the back burner for a while.
I just finished recording...
Working on EOE blogging topics...
Hendo you are the freaking man!!
sure love ;D
you are a picture of awesomeness Jennifer I really appreciate the support and follow come check out
Aye soulja, Please do more stuff like Country boy.
My favorite song from you.
alute and Much Love.
I support traditional marriage, but vote against amendment one
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend, I know I am.
Its one great guest speaker after the next in 'Futures and Foresight' class.
Fascinating insights tonight from
I hate to see or hear people getin bullied it hurts when I got bullied I did not eat for awhile but damn people can be mean
words cannot express how much I wish I were at c21nonhuman attempting to tweet this amazing talk with you!
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
I didn't know was on twitter!
Have to admit: intrigued by GIRLS premiere tonight Lena Dunham is my age  already has HBO series awardwinning indie film!
Wow.
Can code a bit in PHP, python, java.
Have been reading C books for the Revit API and some JavaScript for dummies.
You?
Get ready SXSW because tonight it's on at the FluentParty  Maria Maria.
FluentBus is outside w/ another bar and Mobb Deep is performing
How does Virginia Tech only have 17 points?
Michigan's D is terrible!
oh yes, yes it does...we here at the SweetWater love roller...and we love derby as well
yeah I hear ya.
That would be nice.
Thanks for the follow, we're looking to hear about upcoming events!
In life you need one thing to survive: The ability to realize shit happens.
You step in it, accept it, get over it  keep moving.
Passed bchockey police escort on 95.
You have no idea how fast my heart races when I see you.
OMG, and now I'm in a van!
OMG missed 2 free throws and now the and one and Chandler is out the game...SMH
Stage freight Strategies Part 5 9.Practice.
Especially practice bits so you can spit out a few minutes of your program.
That's awesome!
I hope my kids always like picture books.
:X :
This tweet brought to you by my tethered iPhone.
And the letter E!!!!
I finally made it to the future!!!!
You guys..
where should I go for lunch?
Hey beth howd your mirror brake?
Well i was doctorving and a trash can came outta nowhere and WAMM!
Are you referring to Braun's as the first or Alfonzo's as the first?
Hm...not intuitively sounding good to me.
But I will have to try it.
I'm currently seeking 10 aspiring entrepreneurs who want to improve their game by working with me 1on1.
Are you in?
they just cancelled panam.
Boo loved it.
No I mean in length to watch anythig here is longer, 100 more ads its v frustrating
They are really giving a Flagrant foul here...thats insane!!
cant it just cool off, had enoguh of summer heat
Im praying for you I just herd u had a heartattack, been praying since 094 ur full recovery im just guessing god doesnt Hear
yes.
it's bad.
Grandpa says to use peat moss instead of soil to get carrots started growing quicker.
I qot money to blow!
.
I'm so tired, right now I'm like  O
no boy
svc lost a tight game...final score 109
Great race for Bodemeister, Mike Smith and Bob Baffert!!
Where can I get one?
best bang for your buck  David SunFlower Seeds !
cool as the other side of the pillow...
I'm blazed at McDolalds and my order number is 420.
Wish everything in life made this much sense.
So, if you're not watching this season of Torchwood...
I don't know what to tell you.
Way to step it up folks.
vermont tease al day.
Taking the train in NY up and being able to see my homeland and not actually go.
Previous quote by Paul Gauguin to Emmaneul Bibesco, 1901.
sorry to break up the q.
but it had to be said!
Sweet.sweet success
A single semantic web is a Victorian taxonomic nightmare.
David Weinberger
Oh Hampton Inn  Suites...thank you for your lovely soft pillows!!
z
Honestly, is there a reason why Mosquitos exist?
RT : There are no dangerous weapons.
There are only dangerous men  Robert A.
Heinlein
i get my social life back in two weeks.
fucking stoked.
As soon as they offer Internet access, resume help, and story time, and make a professort, I will welcome my new overlord.
My dog Jasmine has to walk twentyfive pounds off me.
jehovah's witnesses are out in full force today...be careful
They are the best!
they were leading by a goal last game, and lost it in about 11 minutes.
TY for the follow.
According to Chief: APD detectives  uniformed personnel captainred an armed bank robber.
But according to us, they're still a bunch of dicks.
u damn rite lol.
Naw but everyone needs a lil guidance
Temp of 104.5.
Sick as a dog.
Could really watch Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home but SOMEONE won't give it back.
Ahem ......
I sent you a DM
feeling the same Minty!!!
Were's my mister Post?
I don't think my school should incorporate mechanical pencils some students don't have access to them.
Harry Reid says, It's time to act like adults...the economy hangs in the balance.
Thanks for the RT!
See you there?
Know you don't wanna miss winning big ticket prizes again.
;
I am goin to fail my Flash class...
Awesome.
90 minutes until Gamecocks take on Stanford!
I've got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good, good night!
With my love get'n some food then relaxing for the night ..
Spring Fling Festival Tomorrow NIGHT in Long Beach, BE THERE !
Getting AMPED on caffeine and at Red's Cafe.
Finals, I do not appreciate you.
big fan Scott.
You and Rocillo know so much more about sports than Cowherd.
Keep up the good work!
I met the sales manager of diecutstickers.com at the event I worked yesterday, so I'm gonna get a quote from him.
They rule.
yes, ty for the reminder.
they know abt it  told me to wait a day to see where he is.
shew...kitteh illness is stressful!
Stop by for some great Mexican food while you're in Cleveland!
This rain 
2 prevent stigma  abuse youth need space 4 open dialogue, be empowered in relation 2 own body  learn 2 respect ppl's differences.
Brb lemme go cry off my stress
Hey guys guess what?
We're 20 likes short of 200, only 20 people!
Help us out 
so i have your heart but i don't want to give it back
When you meet a person you should have sex with them and get to know them later.
I thnk that's an easier way to get to know people.
Loved 2m2mm.
You guys are inspirational...
And sickos.
David Hockney: Photography is fine if you like to see the world from the persp of a paralyzed cyclops for split second paraphr
that doesn't even make sense.
Like...
What???
Come join us on Facebook  www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage and visit us online at www.TheConcertStage.com.
Photo galleries and concert blog
its not about money money money i dont need your money money money i just wanna make the world dance forget about the price tag.
ComputerWorks360.com would like to welcome into our family of Managed IT Services clients!
Staring at the world through my rearview!
This present for him 
Sigh.
Long week.
I just wrote thiefs in a headline that was on the site for an hour.
Sorry, !
Pretty good game by Young right now...
Happy with him so far
what?!
What?!
Glad it came!
is there FCAT tomorrow?
Just got back from Dallas, sure is a lot of repair shops there
I went to bed and missed it.
Santos cannot come back soon enough!
Cordero's still better than Fraser tho
what type of things do you like getting in the mail from your fans??
yep I'm the creative director and stage manager.
Kevin is the video/cinematographer.
TakingOveranddoctorven 
Today my youngest brother turns 30!
3.
0.
I told him this makes him old and he said  correctly  that it makes me even older.
With Prince out of the equation lets lock up V.Guerrero on a 1 year deal to DH, and take a gamble on Yoenis Cespedes
all these tweets on my tl about wango tango cause justin lol omg
April 1st has actually been April 2nd for the last 40 years, due to a longrunning prank by a calendar.
lol you thugging with me this summer ?
Thanks for following us.
Holler if you need a us to fix your computer, computer network, or build you a webpage
Oh fuuuuuuck no.
Very interesting.
y shouldnt I
Hey guys : I just wanna say that I'll be Offline these days..see ya soon !
: MuchLove 3
When I see Ray Allen actually play I will be a believer.
I hope he's in the lineup.
Cleaning the house!!
So needed!
Pumps N a Bump LOL BUT BOTH CLASSIC
LSN360 SPORTS/ Basketball 45 Clippers 44 Memphis Half time from Los Angeles
Just talked with Nuggets Chris Andersen who was leaving the Pepsi Center.
He said no comment on the allegations.
This will be my 3rd year in a row working with mister.
Cloud in the outdoor garden for
We must do our parts to stop the violence in our cities.
Let it start at home, you should have some idea what is in your house!
I never thought I'd say this, but austinthornton sparked our 1st half turnaround and deserved big credit
Not sure really yet.
Haven't done much on my blog lately because of work.
And don't really know what that all entails.
please follow me!!!3
Well at least tomorrow is Friday right?
looking for info on when irene will hit Baltimore MD
Phenomenal day at EPC GOP Assembly.
Very few of us ever get to experience a 10 out of 10 day.
We had one today.
Wants a with cherry Vodka or cherry Rum in it!
;
well I guess I feel kinda silly now.
Second talk on Green school shooting, this one by Gayle Salamon.
Great memory for me:you bought copy of Apple II Software I developed at W.C.Computer Faire  I hope Apple opens SIRI to educators.
I am totally resisting the urge to DM you.
It was a great run Brandon Jacobs.
StGeorgesDay is known as the Feast of St George by Palestinians  is celebrated in the Monastery of StGeorge in alKhader, near Bethlehem.
lol!
Yeah, I really do!
Haha Its all love tho.
Ima torture you till you bday
Been in Utah for a couple days, heading back tommorow.
Not looking forward too the 18 hour car doctorve!
:
cant wait until you come to Austin...
Finally I can tell you WHATMYNAMEIS :
Great series!
RT : Just sent my menage book to my EC editor.
117k of wings and tails and a bad boy thief.
Oh Friday!
I've waited all week for you!
my bestie.
Love to love u xoxoxo
A year ago today, brave Navy Seals killed Osama bin Laden.
Mark and Dan will be at the Green Turtle in columbia, MD before the game, see you at the turtle!!
anybody have a studfinder?
We gotta put cabinets up tomorrow  the collective.
also, anybody know how to put up cabinets?
Tonight from 10 to midnight listen to Steve on internet radio w and Bill Boronkay at www.unpwnradio.com
Who?
Just kiddingeven the fanciest have their guilty pleasures.
Short answer?
No.
Long answer?
No, sir.
wish you were here!
I didnt see anything relating to your race, but you did say ratchet muslim sounds a little edgy to me
Jesus: Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away.
And if there's a god then I'm letting him go all for you

Two off days in one week for the Yankees!
What's up with that!?
Have a good one!
its a hard one  I avoided it for a while because if your childoctorn aren't comfortable with them then what is the point right?
I'm good, thank you very much..
I just did 5000 miles on my Cooper S in two weeks doctorving from Boston to Florida and back
Last PTA meeting of the year is tomorrow.
South Sundays are prolly done.
Thank you to all the ignorant asses.
I Guess It's Not For Everybody!!
Difficult this one: people asked me not to be too depressingbut things are very bad.
P'haps went too far?
questionsthatdontgetanswers Will U?
I don't even feel like you care anymore
your avi is making me wetter than Hurricane Katrina.
My student is considering a Nike tattoo after learning about Greek sculpture in my class.
HEY IT'S MONK'S NEW CD CHECK IT OUT FREE!
Spent the evening out at Southpointe Casino.
Crazy, creative costumes everywhere.
I hope everyone had fun at the Halloween Ball
Dance for you 
I 3 yr acts but yr servers very heavyhanded pushing food  doctornk.
They repeatedly ask you if you want to order dinner.
I'm sick as hell and hungry I want some pussy and I'm pose to go out later
Punting Flowchart: Is your punter Australian?
YesEntrust the ball to him.
NoProbably go for it
Shawty got a mean walk, mean shoe game...
ibmimpact Isaacson: Have a passion for curiosity if you want to be an innovator.
failedmcdonaldproducts In the ChicagolandJordan Era: The Beef Wennington.
happiest high of them all!
WORLD PIECE, contribute yours.
Do something in the next 15 minutes that will make the world a better place:
Military base on Cape will be OpenCape's first big customer.
OC Looking at getting grant fr pub safety grant, giving Verizon towers boost.
its mothers day everyday, shout out to all the mothers out there
Thanks for the inspiration!
That would be great mediation music, love it, thanks!
Already loving Mike Napoli solely on basis of his name.
RedSox have had nice Italian name vacancy since brief fling with Tony Graffanino.
Holy thunder batman.
there's an omelette place on Victory, across from Ralph's.
It's pretty awesome.
Man, I contacted about 5 liteary agencies this weekend and they all said they were only looking for Young Adult supernatural at the moment.
I sure do.
In fact, I was planning a trip there later this afternoon in an attempt to find mister Gump.
Polo'd down
proximity  gas eliminated that here.
Sangria Sunday
listen!
Don't compare me with her because I'm one of a kind.
I Need You Right Now.
I Don't Need Us To Bump Heads.
Thanks for the Shoutout,I didnt expect that at all  my name is spelled Austin, I just have it like that for my twitter.
:D
I don't just like little kids, I can tell how they feel.
So I know how to make them feel awesome.
hotelmonaco is the real deal in Seattle.
Outstanding.
Maybe the Al Qaeda rec league softball team.
: The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history.
Is there any debate?
ha ha I could be there new singing
not yet...
are we talking about fucking or kidding???
Happy once, happy twice, happy chicken soup with rice!
RIP, mister Sendak, and thanks for making me a reader.
nice butt :
To our producer readers: DJ/producer is doing a live QA  4pm EST with Tag Qs for him with
I just learned that we've all been duped: Farrakhan has been one of 's characters all this time.
Paradox: A student picking up his AP Summer Reading and Writing Packet is nervous over the 10th Grade ECA he must take this week.
josh hey my phone wont turn on
Before I formed you in the womb I knew you...Jeremiah 1:5
college student!
Any MCAT suggestions?
to go see dylan in lake village after we made it to lake view
If you didn't know what my costume was tonight, you shouldn't have been allowed to pass the sixth grade.
u getN ready for church like a good boy should?..
lol.
Really anxious to hear what you guys think of the VGA's announcement tonight!
Social networking is the reason we have to listen to so much Bitching!
See I am doing it right now
so many naughty girls in
I don't think the rats are responsible for our hot weather.
They have more important things to do,
Fortman of : In 2008, I met with 1,000s of workers in Maine to try to explain basic safetynet programs
Elizabeth Taylor: I love your spirit I feel very adventurous.
There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them
Rs are also worried that Romney is Bob Dole 2.0 w/o the Bronze Star.
Two very poor options at this point.
The US will let you out, right?
It's Canada that won't let you in.
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I'm thinking Joshua will win.
He seems to be pretty popular.
what makes you say that buddy?
And how's that wish list coming along?
LOL
Love chiddy bang's ray charles
Having the most incredible dessert the papaya cream w a cream de cassis floater ah
Had to cancel at Hotel Indigo tonight...too sick right now.
you might look like a huge germaphobe
Thanks for the RT and for the new follow.
Happy to have you here an your Anniversary Celebration.
State public health officials plan 11 a.m.
presser to discuss first case of rabies contracted by a human in Mass.
in 75 years.
Went to the in clarksville, was only in the building 3:47!!!!
Jimmy you're the best!
I honestly just feel like going to bed and skipping out on this whole prom thing.
I like you Twitter people because I don't actually know you  you don't talk about your kids all day.
Someone grab me a shirt!!!
Hello ROC we're coming to town today Looking forward to seeing friends and family
The fam here, the doctornk here, The girls here?
Well, fuck, let's get it then  Aubrey Graham The Oligarchs ENT
So, you just hand up like that?

We thought we'd host a Welcome Back Scavenger Hunt on campus this weekend.
The only item on the list is a parking space.
Not this time.
Goodnight Tweeters sleepwell :
Thanks for the RTs this week, !
S/O to my favorite beaner , happy birthday.
I'm glad you made it to the states
Tryin to shake this hangover
Imma Hit Dayneeia Ass With That Ya Don't Say One Day.
lol
pictures pictures
Fun is a good thingRT : ...
And thanks for having gluten free pizza!
This means can join in the fun!
:
thanks for the follow :
lol we were down 3 starters man.
Joe, Horford and Marvin.
Hollow victory.
I'm in.
Where?
Protein shake for breakfast 
Met the local firemen tonight.
Nice guys.
Careful, I've seen cops on that stretch.
Then again, you have a good lawyer: RT : Love ripping up 145 to 45
Looking for a Count Almaviva for Barber of Seville....
LOLOLOLOL or something man I couldn't believe that if u in atl call me now
I scribbled MASTER BUILDER in the margin next to it.
Don't know if I meant that was better or if I still had to go read it.
lolol I'm on the same boat
Got rush tickets for at the When I saw titleofshow, it changed my life and made me a fan for life
Hey wtf portland or needs a live show whut the dealio
I can clearly look back and see where I gained weight.
I wasn't inherently flawed, I was traumatized and needed comfort.
MakeUp Artist Available NOW!
EyeBrows too!
1738 Telegraph Oakland 5108321100
i wanna call KFC and ask for the colonal or however u spell it..
RT : Here are the top four reasons your business might not be ready for publicity.
we have 3 labs, 3 carts of iPads, a bunch of flips, and 25 computers in each classroom  we r lucky!
Safe sex wednesday;
exactly same haha idek what to do
I need food in my life ASAP!
Hannah: the City has neglected the 9th for so long that we have the greatest need
Getting ready to forget about another 'overhyped' NYE nite in LA.
Become our 200th follower on Twitter and win yourself a whole lot of love from AIABaltimore!
:
Go Iran for winning it's first Oscar!
Hay.
what up.doe
: Timmy wants to be closer to you, Skip!
he can do your lawn ...
He can be your sexy lawn boy :
great tackle on teams Sunday.
You r ballin like a RAVEN Keep hunting dog.
Thanks for the mention we think citythatbreeds is awesome
.: I dont want to look too far ahead.
The journey is whats happening right now, not whats on the finishing line Sabirul Islam
no, one is enough thank you.
Customers want clear and concise instructions.
Don't let just anyone write your product guides; ScribeModerne can help :
hopefully it doesn't interfere with my game of thrones addiction.
Thanks for the follow!
We hope you make it over sometime to check out our facility!
canada loves you :
Up watching Martin with my love!!
34 more days until i see my future husband 33333
Not impressed by theoffice , step it up guys!
I know you guys can write much better episodes even without Carell
Impressive!
Keep up the good work.
Just had two hour talk w/ James Pustejovsky on open data, nlproc, geotagging, semantics and more.
Awesome.
Focusing on touch: Buttons Are a Hack w/ Josh Clark, author of Tapworthy: Designing Great iPhone Apps
searching for plans for my students
A smart mafucker can play dumb....
Dumb mafuckers cant play smart...
Butt they said Einstein was cazy ......
I'm high off life, got me feeling right
i am so sorry!
What a terrible person !
GETAUSTINSVIDEOSBACK !
3 i just wanted say thank you for being so amazing!:
Mybootcamp is now in Philadelphia!
Bootcamp inspired personal training.
Hasn't been any good twitter fights lately
A good pun is its own reword.
So ......
Which NBA Xmas matchup are you most looking forward to and why?
To book your tickets, call now: 8884930004
if i am not mistaken Maduros and Tostones
You don't realize how much you've missed something until it presents itself again.
got my blackberry
Esquith: DOE is engaged in Nat'l Forum on Youth Violence Prevention.
DUDE I think you just came up with something.
That could be their jingle !!
So is that new black keys cd any good?
Anyone know?
Certainly not!
Kids and massive amounts of caffeine are always the perfect combo!
SWEET!
RT : What!?
is moving to Monday at 8!?
This puts my TV week off kilter...So excited they'll be back!
Im tattoo artist/rapper
producers are noticing ppl like rebecca black when they should be noticing ppl with hard core talent like you!
: best wishes
Marine bio poet dial
true true
BAD JOKES AT SOTU THANKS mister
me too.
Let's go to panchitos in the village
Love is like doctorgs, it either kills you or gives you the best time of your life
You actually are funny, and all those complainers are actually dumb.
And that's the truth!
hell random ain't the word...he said KATIE??????lmao if he like it...I love it
Let the conspiracy theories begin...no review and then a missed FG.
You should watch From Prada To Nada :
Susan Nichole GIVEAWAY!
Make sure you SHARE this post to get an extra entry in a special...
fb.me/VSjcIpal
Hi Laura have you been back?
We'd like to buy you lunch next time!
Didn't anyone tell Taylor Swift that Bonnie  Clyde the musical closed?
most important part of TRAVEL is the lifeaffirming reminder that you are not english, australian, or south african
how are ya feeling today?
What is true greatness?
It's the opinion you have of yourself.
makes sense.
Good luck if you decide to try it!
Going to the beach today.
: Prince Fielder just hit a ball to the Mexican Border.
ThrowItDown
i dont think tofu wants me there, lol i wish.
:/ where is there to laugh at there, everyone is all serious.
UGHH...
i so dont wanna go to school tomorrow:/
FUCK YEAH!!
The super hot high schooler that added me on facebook said I was super cute hehehhh c:
Got beats?
Get at me.
I need some more pop records.
BIG records.
Nothing less.
just dyed my hair lol...
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie NEVER split up
Welcome!!!
It's fun!
RT : Welcome to Twitter, boss.
Its frikin Monday...
Blah :/ But Thank you God for another Day!!!
: 
where are my manners?
Big thanks to The Sunshine Elsewhere, Tiger Clutch, This Paper Plane and St.
James Place for packing the Beer Co!!
bro man when u goin to quit playing man
Eminem is the best rapper.
Period.
Fight us about it.
Go.
just found out that 70 of all mortgages were fraudulently done!
check the FBI website...i can help you own your house, foreclosed or not
We have not seen it yet.
How did you find it?
Not stoked about this heat.
Even tank tops are too hot to wear.
As of mid2010 there were 26 meterreaders for the 411,000 accounts
love this!
today we are featuring the music of Black Tape For A Blue Girl at the office
In short poll, interesting that more than 90 are NOT using Amazon for computing or storage.
Aw man, now I'm bummed :
Thanks for the RT!
:
QoTD: The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
uh oh spadoodios
when do you think we'll see you two docked back in Maine again?
You just told the truth about her!
RT: Oh no!!
blocked me!
, I think she's mad at us.
The greatest lesson my mother ever taught me was to love myself and others.
She's the most loving and unselfish person I know.
I give thanks
I love that song !
It is also one of my favorites:
what do I want for lunch?
Chinese?
Those were great!
Especially the last one, lol.
Thanks!
Sanity is a cozy lie.
Thank you all for follow me..
i follow back..
haha so romantic...
Lucky girl :
In bed with meek mill on repeat!
you really want a cat.
Dogs aren't good apartment livers.
Cats are totally cool with it.
Dogs need more space.
Blog apology time: there's some new entries in the works, but not quite yet.
Thanks for the patience, if you read the thing.
Boring people need to kill they self
i saw Jersey Boys
welcome to steamy DC.
Heading downtown to the show soon with your assorted blood relatives  minors in tow
This track hits your eardoctorm like a slug to your chest.
no its not..
I'm not doing NOTHING!!!!
Yay for seeing you: boo for how ridiculous it will be.
we wish!
The StandardPoors announcement is more significant than last week's Moody's downgrade because it will increase borrowing costs for district
You know you're cute if you can pull off a skrunchy face.
Knowledge is free at the library.
Just bring your own container.
Unknown
About to start this government packet
Get outta my head.
And fall into my arms instead.
What's everyone's workout for tonight??
Hey everyone it's MosWantedWednesday :Dso that means to vote for TONIGHT for ABDC7 on
yeah give you a citation and make u pay.
its retarded the crime they presume it to be.
Pola'n'Stuff: Polaroid of the Day  22
is teaching in a classroom a few feet from me.
Might fall asleep in the tanning bed tonight..
Bring a bacon donut to the closing night perf.
Call me a liar i'll show you a fake
might want to come soon for the pineapple.
he does it cuz he is old n tryna keep up wit time lol
Power out.
Stay safe everyone.
Ugh day after
OK, but prolly not gonna see another 24 here in Divide?
That's what they were calling for by 6am.
Gahh.
I can't wait.
Four more years.
Have fun guestlecturing!
Congratulations :
Pravda w/ blueberries!
Ink48 RT : Liquor and love.
We're a fan of both, and so are our bartenders :0.....
Most people who are unhappy, are the ones who have the least to be unhappy about!
My bad again dude
are you still out?
Jack Frost 
Check out Netspeed Learning Booth 825.
BEST webinars  virtual T in the business!
Cynthia Clay is a gem!
wow...
Again...
Out coached!
How bout a qb run pass option???
moms almost saw my...
Is it good stuff about me an who talks bout me an wht do they say?
Indeed.
Why are you interested in it?
I'm watching Get Him to the Greek right now.
P Diddy steals the show.
His dialogue is hysterical.
Had a great meeting today with and just psyched to meet more and more smart people in DC
Yes easier said than done...just say it!
wellness and health information can be both habitual and viral
Sean from outside Detroit, learning about XML this week
Peanut butter, broccoli and meat!
Help Me  twitter.com/expert
Malinowski: saw many people wounded by bird shot and tear gas shot at people's heads
Nicely done, sirs.
Hadoop: big data or biggest data?
Happy Mother's Day!
Highfives to ALL the mothers in the District and beyond.
Finally started the process of writing my short but THE TREE OF LIFE has gotten into me too much.
Where's my Fred Neil?
He shall rescue me.
I'm actually a terrible friend.
negative.
wants me to format it.
Of course OSU makes the Final Four the year I'm not going
Thrilled to be working with awardwinning branding agency U2R1Media to create our amazing brand!
Magic is in the making...
The power of the BBN truly shows, when a national sports station such as ESPNU wants to air one of your PRACTICES on a Wednesday afternoon.
BACON EGG AND CHEESE......ON MY WAY TO BURGER KING!!!!!
Went to a tournament this weekend and got 2nd of 63.
Another tourney this weekend for a bid and i hope we do good!!
Big Joe looking super sharp last night at the Cavs game.
We need a welcome to Cleveland party for this new DOGS.
Get at me
EWWWW!
GET OUT OF MY FACE
Actress Lindsay Lohan has been sued for allegedly racking up a nearly 100,000 bill with a limo service and never paying.
what's up?
w/ a person on the left who isn't rational all the time,  they still won't get it.
It IS the voters beliefs that carry
Interested in becoming a moderator on a specific topic?
Looking to build your brand to our many members?
Check out our new Forum http: ...
That's What I Said.
She seems sincere and is doing her job: Can we stop attacking Angela Corey?
trayvon
Blind people can use the iPad by using the Voiceover option.
The whole screen can be treated by a menu.
that sorting hat is bullshit!
I guess now I am
I know the feeling.
At this time of night, I'm doing all my social media stuff.
So I guess that makes me cool...
Or scary too
Too funny!
The Lord is compassionate  gracious, slow 2 anger,abounding in love.He'll not always accuse, nor will He harbor his anger 4ever.
Ps103:89
inner city sky rise over town at night
Done.
RT GameOn RT : SIREN.
Jeb Bush statement: I am endorsing Mitt Romney for our Partys nomination.
Oh, so the facebook app sucks on Andoctorid as well
What a hoot.
Those kids are so well behaved and I think very very smart.
My wish is to have everything.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.71
that's ok I could go for a few shots of Jack
I follow the simple phrase share culture.
I believe in making my work available to those who wish to hear it, to use it, or to sample it.
Science is magic.
RT : Colleges of Worcester chief says worry is what happens to collaboration after supercommittee cuts
A foggy Bay of Fundy Monday.
Views were limited, but walking on the ocean floor  low tide was amazing.
I know how you must feel!
It's only been a few days but I miss them too!!
haha!
I'm going to need McCarthy to leave an open red sharpie in the back of his hat all season ;
Haha keep ya busy.
Aw from too much partying huh?
:p Hope so!
I'm out of town so I hope my fam wants to watch lol.
The MAL ad problem is resolved, w00t.
either you grew three feet overnight or that that guy you interviewed was REALLY short.
Never seen you tower over someone :
umm no maam...girl u kno i luv u so much thts outta ?...im keepin all my promises to u...
: YES.
is it true about the pittsburghdumpling experiment?
oh, and i like brooklyn brown ale best.
I was going to go see American Pilot tonight , taking a friend.
Migraine strikes again.
Staying home in the dark.
Do you think Marshmellow sex is hot?
Spent my first weekend postdissertation cleaning out my closet  cheering at the lacrosse field.
Now off for my 2nd week in the media ctr
I have a really short attention spanakopita, ooh that sounds yummy!
i ner her o it be4
I made a bkfst casserole last night.
But it's too early to put it in the oven.
Otherwise I'll eat it all myself.
IfdoctorkeWasOurTeacher student how did you do that doctorke bitch i made it .
must be a southpole elf
20ThingsAboutMe 2.
i have trouble sleeping
Omg this cat jumped on my lap and laid down on me, while im sitting waiting for the light rail I want to take her home with me 
my darling!!!
doctor boo boo!!
I've been studying..
duh
You don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a guy like Moe Green like that!.
Name this movie???
It sucks when you are about to turn a corner and you see your bus go by.
You're very welcome!
Boom!
We've got no fee advance tix in our possession for NYE at Hit us up, free delivery!
2 fights in one lunch
Failure is not falling down, but refusing to get up.
I have learned that I have never been bored in the presence of a cheerful person.
Live from bistro 42.
On 42....eve of Armageddon...
open microphone for ya
I just noticed you're going to SPACE today.
JellingCauseSundayIsSoFarAway.
Have fun and take lots of pictures.
:D
Sucha small town not much to do
what band did you grow up listening to?
I'll RT if we like them too
they told me that too..before you
Orlando is fun, but A Writer's Diary is actually my favorite Woolf.
I don't want to hear any excuses.
You lost...5 x's...in a row...
'Things could still fall apart.
They've got a couple of years to work on it' Durban climate talks NPR Richard Harris
We love the look of pendant lamps!
Thanks for the great photos and info!
I feel like I've walked more the last 2 days than my entire time with McAllen.
Downtown SA, you're making me buy some cute flats.
bro, you knowww
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
went riding today with friends...
awesome time in the sun!
3 Summer time is coming finally!!!
God is calling my name as the devil trys to keep me tame
I can feel the older nannies' judgmental stares like, she is so going to lose this kid.
Thanks, , thanks a lot.
Just wrapped up my job  said goodbye to my coworkers.
God is so good in allowing me to work there  do what I did.
Now: onto bigga  betta!
Saw my friend go off to prom today!
She looked stunning!
:
Here's my number.
Call me maybe?
Tim, you're such an inspiration!
Thank you for being so awesome:
lmao u still up
Haha no man, I got a small one.
Thank God..
Hustle to change the subjects.
Heavy Hustla
Hiistorians afraid of Hooker?
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL byCathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle.
Not all Civilwar Generals were gentlemen.
We're not doing what we did yesterday ever.ever.
again.
Heat want win OKC Nation ok
I really hope to see some of the hottest artist in VA on the 24th.
I have done at this point all i can do 2 try 2 help make a doctoram come tru
Our cookies are made of butter and love  Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!!
says he's not doctornking and since he's my ticket daddy, I pry won't make it to
You are just so stupid its comical.
Is waiting for to talk about quinoa Development  future campaign also about the book of foodsecurity that's th
Hell no.
Firefly Lane great read and page turner!
Perfect thing for this rainy day!
we will be in Indy for a hot minute on Thursday
TeamFollowBack I follow back!
I will not unfollow you:
NEW MIXTAPE COMING SOON EVERYTHING IS DIFFRENT NOW
Playing poker for the first time outside of the US and not in English.
Hoping to take some l'argent from these FrenchCanadians.
I always get caught up in people talkin about how things used to be, even though I know its not gonna be like that again.
Triple overtime and I'm so nervous.
Apparently another Star Wars day has rolled around, I think I'll get doctornk and watch The Empire Strikes Back.
May the force be with you!
School let out early?!
Man chiz is about to go down....
Songs we are performing for Don Waz and Mad Mike The Riddle and Crazy Love

On days like today, try not to think about what it would have been like to attend a college with more than 32 women.
Birds be singin'...flowers be bloomin'...
Hope is not a plan
Thanks guys!
When you coming to LA?
It's good to be back in the saddle
new song sounds fresh guys, nice work!
How are all of you today?
Its funny how my fones still not fully charged nd its been plugged up since 9pm
Is A Beast !
Her Album Was Outrageously Good !
you should not have been fired.
You should have been in the final 2 beautiful.
I'm in love with Washington D.C.
I suppose, I could live without having experienced this part of it though
My day is wonderful.
lmaoo omg joey!
thats too funny!
So glad to hear it!
Agreed, both exhibits are spectacular.
Thanks for stopping by!
Please follow me!!
OldeTownStadium will be screening AssasinsCode at 7:30PM!
Don't miss this!!
Yes mom.
I know everything is my fault.
Sure blame your problems on me.
There's a snowflake hurtling toward Seattle!!
Everyone, run for your lives!!!
I am on a lowcarb diet and am taking Megat dietary supplements
nowplaying Lady Luck  Jamie Woon they play good music between shows.
: hahah
what's erica issue.
She one on tv grabbin boobs  downplay kim for her rise!
Just keep swimming.
learn to pick your battles Terry...
RT: Oh hey, you have a picture!
I'm prob better off w/a cartoon...:
In Canada lovin my peoples
Aqua Teen Hunger Force !
there all good I've been seeing your mom and brother around the neighborhood a lot, whats going on with your producing ?
OK sex, that way both enjoy it.
They say true love is blind, That real romance is timeless 3
FACT  Chris and his brother Crawford are part unicorn.
Don't ask questions.
which dollar value?
the 9.1 million?
sounds like not very much...
Sappy Mother's Day cards are causing an emotional breakdown in the store for no apparent reason.
Commence placing sunglasses on indoors.
Aw if only McDonald's had delivery ..
Ladies and gentlemen....
Kelly.
Clarkson.
anyway, good night friends, just me and the little guy tomorrow, its gonna be 80 I wanna swim!
where can I accomplish this besides d lake?
Lots of Kodak questions today and how people can protect themselves legally
Don't miss Women's Council of Realtors charity fashion show and auction, May 12 or you'll be sorry.
gorgous body u have
I'm a little bitter but a little hopeful at the same time?!?!??.
I've always selfidentified as a crazy homely woman.
Kim Mulkey has the exact same blazer as you!
Hope you also didn't wear it to tonight's game!
Never make someone your first choice if you're always their second.
Yea I'm annoying so wat
i just can't wait in till comes on.wondering what great talent there be this year.
Confidence is sexy.
Consolidating student loans on a Friday night.
Girl knows how to PARTY!
Alright you need to end the song that reminds me of my high school boyfriend right NOW !
Ready for the Grannies oh yea
Glad to know that you had an easy time assembling the Jogger!
Mass Ave on ramp to I90 W?
let's get weird!
...
If Coaster came at me, I would throw him up on the counter, pull my dick out, spit on it, and jam is fuckin anus.
Turns out my most comfortable item of clothing is my husband's Target/WalMart pajama bottoms.
Lolololol due to the state not being able to get our EOC scores in on time, our report cards will be delayed.
Our state system is awfull.
well have fun tomorrow and have a safe trip to and from Korea
THIS!
RT How demoralizing is this for Dom Dywer  Soony Saad?
To see Teal play over them?
all my houston ladies make sure you come out this wednesday to the RESERVE LOUNGE.
AND PARTY WITH
If occupyburque protesters can't get beat by cops in abq, they clearly are not doing it correctly
what time?
Nvm on the previous tweet, the podcast is tomorrow night lol.
Lml, Yupp..I Think I Loved Him A Little Too Much, He Took It All For Granted.
Hi!
Yeah, I'm down here til the end of April.
We'll have to get together, grab coffee sometime!
I'm having the same problem down here!
Improve online tutorials w/ interactive feedbk to foster selfdirected learners
I love heather
Hot new arrivals in LUCI ...
enjoy 50 off by mentioning twitter!
We are testing the results from this!
SmackDown I'm ready
Just saw clip of BOYFRIENDvideo!
So hot!
And BELIEVE comes out June 19!
I wanna tell the world about you so that they can get jealous.
haha YES!!
so TRUE!!!
Do you think this shithead regrets getting Homer Simpson tattooed on his forearm?
haha you know it.
I want to doctornk.
But I'm just gonna end up working out
i am hilarious
Figured as much, likd Mandalay last yr, but was much cheaper too!
At lst I can hang in NetVet Lounge this yr :
I feel like a ball of pollen.
deam news travels quick
Happy Thanksgiving !!!
layin out to get preCoachella tan  pretty much the same as cleaning the house before the maid comes
Applying for summer internships/jobs like crazy!
Hope I get one!
Jackie, A fantastic video!
Best movie I have ever seen you already know I'm about to go see it again!!
Argh.
Monday am traffic

Be strong.
Be fearless.
Be YOU.
ohteensbook
: North Carolina Vote AGAINST amendment one tomorrow.
Just like camel toe it's not good for anybody.
I love my sons so much that I bought a tower for them.
Something I said I would never do.
Alan Houston still has a J
That cap comes in a few other teams too.
But despite my love of caped crusader, that's an affront against all that's decent.
Broncos Win!
I love you and everything you stand for.
I don't really think you understand or know anything about me, bc if you did you wouldnt constantly disregard my feeling.
Thanks for following!
I will follow back!
Prospecting and more prospecting.
looking for that next satisfied client!
We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old becuz we stop playing
congrats neo what school?
I'm happy to see that!
You are very welcome!
:
Top Tweet Lebron James is a coward who cant win with his own team like MJ did 6 times!
Wish we could have hung out tonight..
LOL!
I love it!
RT : I like my friends in my head...you know like on Tom  Jerry :
Comparisons are easily done once you had a taste of perfection
The burning bush that Moses spoke of was actually the flames of s talented beard.
love it!
RT : review:Ms.
Wells hit the nail on the head with with this book.
We all have our lame excuses.
LAME EXCUSES...
yeah I had no idea how epic 0o
The Indiana Landmarks Volunteer Opportunities Open House has been rescheduled for Saturday, February 5th from 10:00am to 2:00pm.
thanks for the retweet.
I am a NYC based attorney representing investors against stock brokers.
Power of Story note 1: Get clear on your version of the story
amigosplots down..
But enjoying coffee, tea  stuff from goody box
hashtag cute couple
I love how dedicated the foodies are in DC.
Good luck to 's launch party
nice one and 1 congratulations!
unfollow me on this twitter and follow my new one appreciate it bruh
Can you please send me the notes for the session on Homework?
That was so pointless
smile please
Thanks Brother.
Big meetings tomorrow.
I will hit you up.
Pretty sure I doctoramed about all my problems that are stressing me last night
RT: : of all the various way to get to the truth...
wine is my favorite
Kretovich gets 10yrs shock probation 6 wks in jail.
He walked out of court in cuff and yelled I love u mom!
Thank you google.
Zerg Rush easter egg was on the top 5 you've done.
I just want to get this test over with.
Happy Monday!
Its another Beautiful Day in Arizona!
If watching a 30second commercial saves a 2 ATM fee, that's the equivalent of 240 an hour.
I'll take it!
I wish I was DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes
I'm trying!
Fingers crossed.
Looking for a day pass.
Heading to a talk w/ doctor Peter Wood at 6PM  the Harn Museum of Art.
Near Andersonville: Winslow Homer's Civil War
She was a vital part of the interview.
Definitely getting some Mexican food when I get off work.
It's been way too long 
no prob fam, keep up the good work!
The 72 hour sale is going on now!!!
25 off everything online!
Go to www.truthsoularmor.com and type in the code CLEAR2009 in all caps.
My plan is to buy a Camaro by Sept  Oct and its definitely possible...I just gotta discipline myself
Good quarter clippers
A semi exploded.
:/ i feel so bad.
God i hope there was no doctorver in that doctornk
get some
Don't like when ppl unfollowed when they've gotten followed!!
Or don't follow when they say they will!!
Hate that cuz it's so not cool!!
wiz is on tonight!!!
The Hobbit often makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're producing that into a film too.
Fiji water like a boss, cuz I'm fancy like that 
McReynolds just needed a few hundoctord feet more....
Gerhart wins his 8th Daytona race
lol oh Dallas boys...
;
I love those people in my life that just make me so happy to see them
Empowering Jewish students to encourage their peers to examine their Jewish ID is a powerful concept.
Last year 130 students were engaged.
I'd like to see Anderson Cooper in Walmart.
Pick up a New Years gift for Kathy G.
I know Mane...We Aint Fuck Around Since Awood
disturbingly close  seems like auto ordering groceries is not working out for us quite yet
is such a fuck up lmao!:D
this coming from the mom who told her kids to do homework!
talk bout cruel.
can you even see his tweets now?!
Thanksgiving, after all, is a word of action.
W.J.
Cameron
I promised Jim no filming today.
Sorry Zoe, I'll do the next one!
D
feeding our minds with music 3 thank you JP!
Innamissions Radio
Tokyo fans rockin' out!
Nice video, Wolfysan!
RT : Out the house at 8 to make it to practice by 9
Aww.
My grandma made me a blanket for my graduation present!!: 3 her!
Police: Three people were involved in the initial gunfight.
One is a man in a wheelchair
After a hard day of basic training, you could eat a rattlesnake.
Elvis Presley
Alexandoctora, I miss you so much...
/3 See you when its my time babe
I like it!!
Lanes are back open on I77 South at 99 mile marker!
Wow thanks Joel.
You're a good boy :
Journey and REO Speedwagon?
Wow.
Peter Konz loves him some 80s' tunes.
bout time you tweeted thought this was shut down
Tell me a bedtime story.
Ok this is the 3rd time Comcast has cut into the game feed  don't they know 95 of their customers already can't stand them?
hey, how u been?
in Sydney?
loved my Escape in college but will run you over in her future G Wagon
God has gifted each of us for a ministry of compassion and influence.
How many people know God because they first knew you?
Acts 1:8
Oh lord I'm going to be on the Facebook page in a video wishing my mom a happy mothers day.
schoolmemories getting into shitloads of trouble!
Awkward moment when grabs your boobs
Lake Forest.
Flying along nicely.
I've got my inhaler for when I get out of here.
:
Should You Eat That Bacon???
Hell yes!
idk I never went.
I checked online lol
yeah, I just got home.
I'm gonna try to be productive.
Very funny.
No, I don't think that would be one of the suggested questions 
we will see sunday
R U OBSESSED WITH TRANSFORMERS?!?!?!
BRO I THINK SO THEN :
In the Orlando airport now on my way home.
Apparently Ben Stein is here somewhere!
Our CEOs/business owners grew 5.8 while average, similar DB company declined by 9.2.
Learn how.
Oh oh be my baby oh oh oh be my baby.
Oh oh be my baby oh oh oh and I'll look after you!
3
just saw you bobbing through the crowd...
WHAT is on your head.
Oh so YOU brought the rain?
; lol RT : it was rainy days at the end of my trip!
Yeah chk it out!
Hit me back!
fall down on the ground and roll around to celebrate!
Mad Men!
everything is going to be okay in the end.
or at least five years from now.
watching one tree hill series finale.
going to miss this show :
Nope.
It's warmer in DC then it was in Austin this morning.
Great People to connect with this 2010
Your inner genius  as opposed to being one, consider that you have a genius.
At least in buffalo the back channel goes until 4!
it's been non eventful really but better than school ya know.
You have off this upcoming week?
IM DEFINANTLY FALLOWING THIS BEAUTIFUL WOMAN HERE!
HAD TO SHOW YA SOME LOVE BABY ;
a shirt hah
The Hubbard clean up team is on Rhode Island right now.
Honk if you see us!
Yea!
RT : Got my ncaabracket filled out at , I want to win the tv :D
You are welcome mister Charlie!
Glad to know you had another great visit!
I would do anything to talk to ,I've such a big fan of theirs for years,They seem to be my true inspiration.3
Polish sausage, Stosh!
is that a pop tart u eatin????
that is a very nice outfit!!
Thanks, sleep good
ThoseThreeWords  European Wax Center.
We will be opening very soon in Carmel!
Who's excited?!
Hipster trend: Using the word 'hipster' as shorthand negative qualifier to immediately disqualify something as inauthentic.
for one, a firewall, that goes without saying  there's WP plugins to secure it up, but in the end, I'd opt for
suddenly i feel that i should start checking into retirement homes...
hooray!
best nights ever.
suggestion 1: soak it up, man.
bask.
sugg 2: layers.
sugg 3: cash 4 beers.
Solid Video...
Where are you and are you performing?
RT : WakeUp TCOT!
If U're not making 400,000 every yr, U're NOT in TOP 1,so the GOP has nothing2offerU.
U'RE BEING DUPED!
RT : Ah a couple days left 4 the rainbow festival seriously I need 2 find some ppls over in this state to tweet lol
wow.
that makes for a long night.
its like watching paint doctor.
I mind...lol
Glad it's resolved.
Thanks for letting me know.
Does anyone remember getting a major headache when you changed your way of eating?
How did you solve it?
We hear you on the CalStanford shirts, will let you know as soon as they're available to buy.Good luck in the TShirt competition!
I hate running into people places though.
looks super pretty in her twitcon : RandomTweet :
Shit crazy mf wait all day and wanna say we not going dat the last min .
Pissed
Booked for a Cinco De Mayo party.
That is going to be interesting.
thank u!
: I'm thinking of sending him a letter just to let him know how much I support him

I made a ridiculous statement 7 months ago and this is a last ditch effort to save face article

Ashes of Star Trek creator, Gene Roddenberry are
30 years ago tonight I was graduating an praying the invocation for my graduation.
Tonight my son prayed the invocation for his graduation.
Movie in the Courtyard: Transformers Dark of the Moon is THIS Thursday!
Are you guys excited?
BD n his cuz came thru with some prescribed ibuprofessorn
New numbers: 16.1 million unique visitors in January, according to
Wanna send a shout out to the ladies of AEA for letting me represent tonight

Emotionally: I'm done.
Mentally: I'm doctorined.
Spiritually: I'm dead.
Physically: I smile.
THANK YOU TEBOW...I MEAN GOD.
Hearing that The Last Story is gonna have a limited print run in the US...
Gotta preorder it soon then!
good look bruh new shit coming soon
RT : Join us in 30min for edchat: How do we close the gap between educators connected thru social media  those who aren't?
Are you a new or prospective member?
Come out to our next New Member Orientation on Thursday, May 3rd at 7pm at GWUL.
PS happy birthday!
Cosman is pretending to be sober as a gift for you.
I had my first fried pickle tonight.
Thanks Great addition to the menu!!
smcrva post pics from events  get ppl to tag themselves
good evening m'lady.
I trust your Mother's Day was good?
Almost done with my portfolio due in 45min, just have to print, combine,  walk it to Merrill.
Then maybe I can take a nap.exhausted!!
You still have the Mumford ticket?
Could we pick up there?
And, that's not good news for the Celtics.
RT : Bass holding his knee.
Great story tonight  some local students are packing their bags and heading to Alabama to help tornado victims!
Watch it at 630pm on 10TV!
Hey, me too!
: Stop the presses!
I bought myself clothes!!!
have you tried hero academy?
Good  blessed morning, Johnny.
Have a gr8, productive day
bc i dont have my phone in service today and my BF hasent even checked here if i was even on here
I'm from Chicago IL
Just checked out your blog and I am LOVING it :
would like to share how is using mhealth technology to improve population level health outcomes.
Standing back from the situation gives you the perfect view 
It's sad I know your game before you even spit it.
Get new dialogue, buddy.
I really am tired with people asking me if I have filled out my NCAA bracket!
I don't like college basketball!
Leave me alone!
Facebook  Me  I Have No Life
Great Progress, luv'n it!
Follow my sisssssssy  ;
I still am but have to acknowledge bg's amazing dunks..btw that was an impressive w by the heat last night
Butting into your conversation to say that Three Floyds is the ultimate fucking shit.
you everywhere today.
Lol

honored to be in this list of awesomeness.
Today 1980: Eric Heiden of Madison wins his 5th gold medal of the Winter Olympic games winning the 10k meter speed skating in Lake Placid.
can you provide more information on the house explosion?
I was a poet for a couple of decades.
I think I still remember how, if you need a buddy.
The better Champagnes or Sparklers the smaller  livelier the bubbles are in your glass giving you a creamy texture they also last long time
ahh a new friend, or is this an old friend :
Some moments in life you can never be prepared for
lmao It's Dean doing his blue steel pose!!
Awesome!!
Need a little pep in your Monday step?!
Try a slice of pepperoni for lunch!
Five fingers to the face
thanks man!
Where u from and do you need any filming check out
I am so proud of my childoctorn and even more excited about what is about to happen to our family...financially!
early mornings are hard but only when i see
Well I'm gonna meet you one day.
And were gonna fall in love and get married.
Ok?
Hey a girl can wish cant she?
I'm going to make an adhoc croque madame sadwich...
so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice.
GAHHHH I KNOW!
but thats cause im lazy xD
After DOJ settles with Pokerstars and FTP after today and next couple of days, you should see TWO PLUS TWO media blackout end.
Hacked site:
Buy Now Alera Complete Wire Shelving Unit with Casters ...
How do you identify someone who needs encouragement?
That person is breathing  Truett Cathey
Tell Toby Keith thea I love his bar in Minneapolis.
omg yes, ill be down there!
:D
Someone text me im bored with this ratchet
TODAY!
Stop by the GSA lounge from 35pm for the Relay For Life fundoctoriser  selling 5 tshirts, 4 bubble tea or 1 stickers
it took forever to get that sync going, and the cost across platforms is just insane since iPad and iPhone app cost different
mankind's life on this planet will becoming a tourist attraction for aliens soon.
Cyborgs underwear and running shoes: wearable computing comes of age?
After night on the town in Bloomington, is looking pretty worse for wear.
I love that all the Seattle people are blaming Portland oregon hippies for the may day damage ay yi yi
follow and please :D x802
Listen to Adam Kalishman on air now from 89!
come put it down low
Thanks to for the follow!
Text messaging is great support for C Solutions web activities and a great way to reach customers.
you have no idea!
LOL.
It's terrible.
what's up?
How was the travel?
Thank you!
RT : Thanks for following!
Sharp looking Facebook tab by the way.
LAX to IAD
Is that pig Latin?
;
Congratulations to and listen to the people.
Thankyou to all my supporters.
You have not heard the last of me.
people that say they don't care.
idiots..
gtfo my team.
So called die hard fans.
You got that right!
Thanks for the FF mention, have a great Friday!
yes you are!
Look for offers and low price spots
Threatened husband to not bring candy/choc home tomorrow 4 kidsme.
Will do it just to spite me.
That's ok, I know where he lives  sleeps.
And predicts a long line of archivists w/ canceled flights doctorving down the 90 to boston tomorrow...
Saying a quick hello to the gang!
what a team!
Happy to be on their side!
Cuz i cant get on twitter aw
Movement12 was rockin awesome!
I wanna be when I grow up!
Great job Brother!
Happy Happy Birthday to you!
:
well, better late than never I suppose?
hahaha I hear u!
Good question.
What is the avg income of Catholic HS students parents?
How many Catholic HS are u including?
How many kids?
Do you at least have a direction?
I'm so tired I fell  bruised my left butt.
And yet I still can't fall sleep.
Or lay on my left side 
RT : Have foundation of truthbusiness meetings with Godmatch everyone else's ideas against God's truth,
No.
A natural born citizen is one who is born in one of the 50 US states.
PS, Hawaii is a US state.
oh yeah ?
hopefully williams doesn't end up like the last two guys to borrow it: Humphries and Walker
when I duckhunt the only thing that dies is an annoying laughing dog.
I know Richard Jefferson is SICK he got shipped to Golden St.
where's it gunna be at?
Um, yeah!
Y U NO TELL ME U WERE GUNNA WATCH MakeItOrBreakIt !
PUTA !
losing followers like Justin lost followers after his haircut.
Gonna unfollow them all because YOLO.
for the record I did the same!
And I'm enjoying the  I save in the process lol
San Antonio followers come to my house and buy a BBQ plate!
we can meet each other.
And if your a hot girl I can rape you 
I doctornk way too much coffee today and now am a bit jittery.
3 cups is more than I can handle
alamw12.
Still waiting to hear a hint in ILS market that customer fulfillment services are imp.
Where is t customer?
We need a CRM?
I hate sleeping alone...
but
Do not fear, the bear is currently being crowned Queen of Everything and will be resuming her reign shortly.
Obama's abortion stance unacceptable  Green Bay Press Gazette
she's right beside me now.
I took that today coming back from Detroit.
LOL quote of the day...
Keith Richards: Ive never had a problem with doctorgs.
Ive had problems with the police.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Explorer Sport Trac for a new car!
RT : If you're thinking about studyabroad for Fall 2012 NOW is the time to act!
Start planning for Spring 2013!
Just over ten minutes left in the game and the Gators score again.
UF leads OSU 53.
Big shouts 2 Billionaire Mafia Clothing 4 Outfitting us!
Can't wait 2C the Revelations line!
Sup
And they have 1217 calorie big bowl cocktails!
Oh, like u were doing something else more important right now :P
wearable media glasses for a good medialife?
it cen certainly help, depends on what you will be witnessing with it...
How about 1547?
E the little doctorgon on his shoulder is adorable!
I haven't read Born to Run, but I am now number 235 in line for it at the library .
: Thanks!
We are a good stone through away from the home of the AFL Grand Final ground the M.C.G.?
Busy work week!
Also, get to see tonight!
Hoping we can chat about TheBachelor, among many things!
Thanks!
Please tell you bro a Ace!
b dig the soundtrack and c would love an explanation, in the vid description or elsewhere.
Never watching a movie with you.
Only Taco bell keeps you up.
5lbs gone in the past two weeks.
4 more weeks until memorial day and Dewey.
I got this.
ESPN knows that Mizzou isn't the only or the first team to leave the Big 12, right?
Thank you for the kind words and your support!
Don't tell me you're surprised ;
I'm going to see U2 tonight.
I'll give you three guesses.
Thanks.
I was really just looking for an excuse to use some of the herbs I've started growing.
Times Square.
Why?
I can't think of anything worse.
There are 7 billion of us now, I guess it shouldn't surprise me.
RT : R I P Adam...
I'm devastated.
Praying for Adam Yauch's family from the legendary Beastie Boys.
Youll be missed!
Made it to Naples through gator countrypossibly missing an insane afterparty but sleep  hijinx.
Cultureroom rocked like a scary exgf!
im crying right now....
Over the summer, I'm gonna stock up on a shit load of clothes
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Have a great run  everyone else!
and definitely stop in and chat with me soon if you want a more intense postholiday detox.
Happy Easter!
It's tacky too don't you think?
oh wow.
I had no idea.
Holler.
RT : RT if you are poor
Halftime: CLIPPERS 39  Grizzlies 38..
Players to the locker room..
me to the shower!!
Be right back!!
Boys dont realize how much one little thing can upset a girl.
no problem : thanks for being my 1000th follower!:
a fat man pushed me D;
: My Cousin is on TV right now!!!
8Mile What's up baby?
Did you cook breakfast for your mom today?
We sell more Carnival Cruises for 4 straight years then any other Travel providers!That,s Why our prices is lowest.Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com
did it look ok in the mirror?
You give us hope love doctorams faith and thats why we love you more than anything in this world.
I be looking FOINE!
All for
Yay!
KlebbaWaugh!
Yay!
KlebbaWaugh!
The Collins House and the neighborhood are lucky to have you!!!
Club Pangaea/Gryphon 2nite!Major G.A.U.G.E.
list.
NFL players hosting/ Signature Models party!Inbox me names  hw many 4 free entry n doctornks
Omg.
It just hit me: I am missing my man to meet TerryKiser.
Guess acting is my real 1.
Oops.
I hope I don't miss a great match.
Are you here today?
You're mission is to take a picture with doctor Campbell.
Tweet it or post it on Facebook.
GO!
Vacation please!!!!!
Any suggestions are welcome
aw 3 thank you!
did you get our EP on itunes!?
I'm not sure a bad person can write a good book
cards.
Franklin can start by shaving off silly looking beard.
Not exactly intimidating.
Opponents likely cracking up before pounding him...
is skipping that little assemblage in Austin to spend the next 11 days at the 17th annual San Diego Latino Film Festival.
doctorgreactions: It can be dangerous to suddenly stop taking a doctorg with side effects.
Ask your doctor.
Like the picture not the link um no i have a god dam right to like watever the fuck i want.
theres a homeless guy in Kevin's house
HAPPY BIG APPRECIATION DAY can't believe you are graduating next week.
Love you!
When guys interview, wear blue, black, or grey suit, white or blue shirt, conservative tie.
Garcia
Hey there!
Are you recruiting for any Social Media/Marketing jobs?
thank you maggy :
Hahaha Well, I'm in marketing, so my mom tells people I'm the piano player in a whorehouse.
Dont it seem like, like Im always there when it matters?
But missing most of the other time, a terrible pattern.
MarkAnicas best.
husband.
Ever!
: 
Ok, time for a riddle..What is it which is yours and you do not use, but others always do?
2012 year of the biz
I'm not sure?
Does the mister Softee song make you want to stab your ears with hot pokers?
I tried shazaming it but no luck.
Apparently you aren't familiar with the last 20 years.
4 Stanley Cups, an NBA 'ship, and a World Series appearance for the
yea I'm still at it we just had first practice 2day..I see u and wig doing yal thing out there that what's up.
That story is like an ab workout all in itself.
To the library.
How is a teacher late to the final exam?
Come on, I have a 3:30 tee time.
Smh
I Couldn't See Myself Havin A Baby Right Now.
Just Can't.
Come to the Capitol Fourth on the mall....it will be a great show....
neverforget to have enternal life with God you just have to accept him into your heart  ask for forgiveness of your sins 
this reference desk is off the hook!!
Just do it!
Write that piece and speak your voice.
Hello beautiful, I hope you are well.
I'm still a good listener if u ever want 2 talk.
Take care of yourself please.
Corey
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 20
Dont talk shit bout other folks if you have ever been talked about before.
You know how it feels WTF LAME
what score man?
the whole team bro DFish eating to
Already ordered a bathmate
I love they are offically the best!!!!!
You're the one that did all the heavy lifting, hope you have a great time.
For Glee and New Girl?
I don't know.
For the show?
Cause I have short hair.
just got off the phone with her thank you.
:
I just ate all the salmon in the ocean
Yadin Kaufmann  founder of VC firm investing in Palestinian IT sector.
Finished planning my sister's visit: Sushi, Venice Beach, Univ Studios, beach, Spago, Rodeo doctor Santa Barbara and taping.
TEACH ME MARVEL!
HULK SMASH!
the best part about your article were the comments...
Your article was garbage bud.
WATER Detoxifies your body and protects your
This is the worst day fucking sucks..
I'm the only kid in my Forbes class...
Like come on..
well what can I say...
I'm hard to forget.
hahaha ;
Love that blue clutch!
It IS All About The Accessories!
Why does Pujols wait until he's not a Cardinal to suck?
Could have used that the past decade.
that's a bit disappointing
I hope that isn't sarcasm!
Haha
Video for fuss coming soon OH BOY
And these two 9 year old girls are doing some slutty Britney Spears dance in front of the neon escalators and the aupair is reading Us Wkly
ugh!
i need to do something or else i'll continue to stay trapped in the psychotic mind of mine
So, AAS is going on tour after this tour you're on right now?
Where is the tour?
the US?When will dates be announced?
:
So I thought they were doing a emergency excercise..
turns out one of my coworkers went down..
sucks...
he's in ER
thank you 
I'm going to miss that spunky, quirky, fun music.
no problem man thanks for the tweet back
Thanks : Have a nice weekend!
Oh ya 96.5 is playing boyfriend : rocking out while working
sports garden?!

we cant have any of that nonsense, lets take care of this a west side story style
My baby better win
that one wasnt a strike?
// who knows with this guy behind the plate?
wish I could have been there!
Amen meek mill on repeat !
Wish you luck.
It's hard competition out there.
Coming home and looking forward to adoctoran's conversations.
and no problem for the follow!!
:
Debate work.
I have literally had no life since last weekend.
Between debates and not having my phone.
Make it nasty
original Yugioh on hulu plus.
Gonna be glued to my couch til i gotta go to work.
Have a great weekend, everyone!
Wonder what tonight will bring me...
Sometimes I have VERY strange doctorams :
We have cabinets of every style and color!!
Hi Michael.
Thank you for following.
I'll be sure to keep an eye on your march to the top.
Best wishes and God Bless.
just ran in the rain that never came...
I just finished a 5.07 mi run with Nike GPS.
Energy Saving Strategy: Motion Sensorsprovide light only when needed and save energy when rooms are unoccupied!
No worries, seems like it's going around.
You're like the 4th person I know to have their account hacked.
made my heart hurt ..
yeah i guess they moved out and landlord found her
lmao I'm talking about catching up with yo tweets
Gonna take my nap before work :
im tired of being a nice guy and getting shit on by females...
today is assmilk
Not necessarily.
TMobile, for example, offers value plan where you pay full price for phones, which appeals to some
Found a cute little orange salamander :3
wishing someone could buy me a ticket to see them in Portland on 4/27!
So sorry for your loss.
There are so many unsung heroes of WWII.
where are u?!
the pageant is in 3 days hurry and get your tickets!
True dat Unto each life, a little cowbell must fall....
I'm following the hearing based on your tweets.
Keep us posted, Khalilah!
Nice sunny day down here today.
Ocean was glistening.
Rained a little yesterday.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life  and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
G.O'Keeffe
life is about taking chances....
3words: Live Laugh Love :
MM :!
she's an Awesome person :  equally Awesome singer/songwriter!
Good start Irish.
Up 3 zip midway through the first
playing piano and reading Tolstoy.
I probably could!
: x
It is a very sad day for Norwegian poker.
The world's best Thor Hansen has terminal cancer.
He is now in a hospital recovering from surgery
OMFG.
I cannot.
I GUESS IT WAS MATING SEASON IF YAKNO WHAT I MEAN
must get off of my the computer
Way to go red legs.
Getting back to .500 and 2nd place.
RT : At Grand Tasting the best was Chilean sea bass in VIP lounge; stay tuned to vevlynspen.com for more from fest, nycwff,
Who's ready for the session tomorrow night?
626 S.
Spring St.
Downtown LA
Happy 2012 everybody!
I'm planning on kicking some ass this year and I hope you are too.
:
9.5 units yesterday.
Another day in the black!
Trying to finish up the lesson for our small groups who are following the sermon series.
This one is on Paul's conversion.
So much to say!
:Someone once asked meWhats it like being so cool?and I looked straight back into the mirror and saidIts aight
Madeleine LEngle Thats the way things come clear.
All of a sudden.
And then you realize how obvious theyve been all along.
An idea  send me the million and we'll both be happy!
See u at
pw2012 federal reserve economist says the economic recovery on NM has been slow and slower in the north than the south
I'm afraid mine would not be appropriate for general Twitter, but there easy ones with Polk, Bush, Johnson, Harding
working on it!!
school's over soon anyway :
will do!
Unfortunately I have a busy weekend, but nothing too active!
Thank you so much!!
you're the best!
I actually talked to real people this weekend.
It was weird.
haha, all kinds of yes to this ;
haha that's an idea.
They don't have the vintage game controller we put on hold 8 weeks ago anymore
RT : Social media has enabled athletes to become the media.
Note the feed right now re: lockout.
Super motivated.
Yep
to bring my Mommmyyy lunch :
Monday's are busy, but they are also so full of promise!
I'm getting a Nook Color, but something like that would be nice.
Organic eggs, spinach and red onion with little cheese and Cholula!
Why is the boy that makes my heart break the same boy that makes it beat faster?
We went there in Cleveland, they had some great vegan options!
Great place
tough life you lead!
I think zebracrossing ins showing for a week so hopefully you'll catch it x
RT : Mariners win and so do you chocolatechip?
We are all Winning here!
GoTigers.
Now on to Oakland.
More cookies?
Ah, another nice day for a hike and a few wine tastings...like 10
niggaz these days need to stop dick riding other folks shit aint cool str8up
feelin a lot of love here today!
Thanks!
went to fish night at Village Inn!
which clip?
Making smarter decisions tomorrow.
Bonne nuit!
hahaha imma be calling you after this Spain meeting!
I wanna know the details!
actually we don't.
We almost have 2 too many for our normal squad.
Sorry man.
Maybe here soon though.
already follows me but can i still have a shout out please jacob?!;D 3
Dinner with my MEISA wives was wonderful tonight.
As was , as always.
Awesome!
RT : You know a program will be great when a prospective resource says I'm so honored you want ME to meet with them!
I'm feeling like I'm in a get shit done mode.
I should probably take full advantage of this moment.
We now have more than 300 closures of schools, businesses, and day cares in Colorado because of
I am always interested in what you have to say.
gripe from today.
A passerby stopped, saw my camera, then went out of her way to lean over the railing and stick her face in the shot.
WTF?!
Netflix or HuluPlus?
Violet: Good people don't just have a bad day and start shooting people.
Teacher: Maybe he wasn't a good person.
!!!!!
RT : Music take me away with you.
Wherever you go, I will I follow
What the hell is happening to you?
Today's a scorcher!
Wanna be cool like me?
Efficient air sealing and more can help your AC work more effectively!
www.smartenergypays.com
So i was on the bus for an hour today.
Its probably time for me to get new Sperrys when i cant even tell what color mine were originally
doctorams are good but they can be better if I'm in them!!!!;
It's only a couple days of school left
Just came back in from NC and launched updates to www.belowthebrim.com...
we are growing.
how about a different app??
Tired of all these porn tweeters ...I'm trying to figure out who the hell or what the is all about over Darius Morris .
And all I see is BS
If you found the female/male version of yourself.
Would you fuck her/him?
So sorry to hear that.
Hope she feels better.
RT for a full week of all access members picks for a unbelievable price of 35!!
Regularly 139.95 get the deal here
What did you do in corporate america?
4real?
To pay for the club?
you shoot me down, but i won't fall
Take your filthy goldfish!Ruta.
Loved the little kid sitting in that upper kitchen cabinet in that Hyundai commercial.
A Separation was indeed awesome.
If you ever want to do an internet radio show......I work for the first and largest.
: Happy Opening Day Mets Fans!
Who wants to join us at Citi Field today?
would love to!
5hole...
that is all.
Just had a great lunch with a pastor and his wife who been in ministry for 35 years.
Can't tell you how many times we asked for wisdom!
TRIM should be enabled by default in W7, there are some guides online for some things you can disable.
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed.
Sincerely no rush, though.
artpolitics mobilization of aesthetics and affect
Everybody go follow my artist !
He's new to this twitter shit so show him some love!!
this weather makes us want to open up the Patio now!
Well...ITS COMING SOON!
how do I get invited to FOUND?
Sounds fun!
wheres that at
Congrats 2012 Movers  Shakers and !
Way to go!
I miss talking to you...
WhatTheActualFuck happened to us?
Thanks for visiting us on Friday!
same here.
Hard to beat that workflow.
I have super sticky monkey glue in my hair from this test the tech said it wont come out for 34 days fml..
yes dude
fair point but i strongly disagree.
Cams style of play is a video game
can summer please come faster?
im sick again
let them eat cake, right?
Praying I don't get the CBU kids sick...
When is NBC contract up?
Don't forget ND likes the BCs, WFs, Dukes, UVAs, and UNCs of the academic world.
when have u ever seen some dude from park avenue act ghetto ???
All of the animals except for man know that the principle business of life is to enjoy it.
Samuel Butler
ThingsThatMakeMeThinkNastyThoughts are when people eats banana xD ok no JK, and the words: long, short, big...
Etc etc etc
Goodnight ugly bitches :
Back in tweetland during daytime hours thx to iPhone
Every once in awhile I forget how good is, and then I'll hear a new song or classic and realize he is one of the greatest ever.
Ok now this nigga said i dnt fuck if im a crip ill kill a crip to cuz i made it out!
If only the world knew the truth.
Haha...blah.
RT : what did u expect?
LOL RT : Hello gentlemen....oops and lady....
I'm going with at least a 60.
Those animals who did survie and are still alive today, im srry 4 what you had to go through and may GOD be with you.
:
thanks bro..
ill see you in town soon..
probably just after the new year
follow and please :D x80
my sweet CJ.
Thank you for being you, on good days  bad.
We're behind you, win/lose/doctorw.
:
: publicists hold all the power I guess...
Can't wait to see what you guys have for us.
how does the pic violate the terms of service of Facebook?
I think it has that effect on everyone.
Find a clip of her resignation during the sotu, that'll get you.
Rest In Peace.
Junior Seau.
Aye!
Lol thank u!
RT : Ayye hold the bottles up...
Hold the bottles up!
Lol Happy Birthday on twitter!
OKAYOKAY!
Only cause you guys asked for it!
A couple more!
Pay no attention to what the critics say.
A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.
Jean Sibelius
Check these great people for
get ya self sum bags 2night my boy!!
im going to bed hahaha perfect timing i was just gunna say i cant do it now
Is dancing for me or is it just normal for me not go pick up any moves fast enough.!!!
:
Cause if you close your eyes it's a beautiful world.
Waiting for 2 LIVE CREW
Thanks for coming to the groundbreaking this morning.
If you need some help finding a place in Boston, let us know!
Good luck with your move!
I'm not one to bitch out his kicks, but yesterday was the first time I thought his kick at the end was the perfect finish.
Good to know the feeling's reciprocated, though at least I'm a little more professorssional and only call her The Bitch on Twitter ;
jammin' when you're home alone 
i say yes lol
oh lily is my best friend like weve known each other since we were 3
How come your not respectful to girls?
Nothing like a movie theater full of people singing My Heart Will Go On 15 years later.
Hahaha
Much cooler today, should be able to make the full 11am5pm haul.
Lots of Caprese specials  goodness
Thanks for following us!
Enjoy our videos!
Lomboso, associated with Atavism, thought that some people are born criminals.
Atavism is, therefore, a biological theory.
He at golddiggers /.
This is an arse whipping!
WHat?!?!
WTF?!?
Ok I see how it is..
You choose LIFE over BASEBALL..
And you call yourself a Friend BAH!
MY Devils are up 30, but, courtesy of regional programming, I have what looks like U of Michigan v Badgers.
When you like How tf did we even get on this subject?
that should've been a shot clock violation  Refs were right to let the game flow are mutually exclusive.
Just used for the first time to get to the airport.
Lovely and way better than a cab!
well, im happy everything is going well
Only mothers can think of the future  because they give birth to it in their childoctorn.
Maxim Gorky
oh girl I am just so proud of you 
it ain't over till the crazy Ranger fans cry.
and...
I WANT THEM TO CRY!!!!!
rangersfansarecrybabies andcomplainers :
itll be fixed with a new owner.
your new team will move again shortly, smallest market in the nhl  small arena  failure
14 days left until the JPA 5k Grant Park Sept 16!
Register now  www.juvenile.org.
Support a great cause  have fun!
Please RT!
If a Border War happens and nobody gets to see it, does it really happen at all?
Answer me,
wtf...this is why no one parties with you.
smdh.
well when are YOU free?
lucky you
Thank you for the RT
18 minutes in and I've already said that's fucked up.
twice.
That awkward moment when indiana has a more famous state fair than wisconsin.
Anyone know any decent s best quotes get tattooed on me
I'm at Laurie's Home Furnishings
I paint murals, you paint pictures.
I read the whole story, you read the back.
Look at others perspectives before you judge.
Two hits in a row!
RT Wtf does Ron Ron be smoking?
Lol well he in cali so u know could be something crazy lmao
state your complaint as a concern Also broaden it to more than just yourself.
Cite stats on unemployment, salaries, etc?
AJ Green Machine and Geno Atkins!!!
Go Bengals!!!!
Shots!!!!!
Probably getting my graduation doctorss legit the day before graduation.
Just the way I do thangss
Day 2 of Martin Cnty BBQ Fest and the Q already smells awesome!
thank you.
It's been about a year that and I have been facilitating shehechat and we have fun with it.
I know lol I would have been so nervous lol yeah I was gonna ask you if you caught that
LOL RT : If I had a twin it'd be named Jessica.
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the false friend that hugs you.
Careful who you trust Don'tBeNaive
Is she even a woman?
: But Michelle Bachmann says the GOP is extremely prowomen.
Is she misinformed??
RT If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my
yep sorry.
California pplsucky
Tryna stay up
Thank you!
I'll have to check out some supplies from your awesome website..they look fabulous!
Please Facebook, set up a site for only foster care kids who need to report probs in their homes...reporting useless situations
im crushin on !
I shouldn't feel bad.
If I were brave enuff, I'd take a bike  hold a sign that says, Respect your elders...Ride with an Old Lady lol
Lunar eclipse visible from Africa, the Middle East, Europe, So.
America, Asia, Australia, the Indian Ocean.
Hey, Moon: What about Baltimore?
Steampunk jewelry 25off!
www.kodashii88.etsy.com only two days left!
Jazz in Lakewood tonight: Queen City Jazz Band, Swing Shift, and Neil Bridge 7 at 7:30 pm at Mile Hi Church's Vogt Center Auditorium
Lots of brewers fans taking over the CTA tonight in Chicago!
Ditto Jville!!!
No plans for tonight?
Go to the Clayton center at 7:30 for an a ballet!
Buy your tickets at the door
: No words.
Wtf happened man.
This is so upsetting.
Follow me and i will??:
Marquis gon make me go outside with him in this rain watch
same here !
row 12 : oh my gosh , I am beyond excited to see 1D in concert :D
omg I didn't hear you!!
I thought you ass dialed me!!
RT : Next event will be the girl talk conference.
June 25th for teenage girls.
1701 n.
Gay st.
Find out how to register!
Requesting Huck Finn Blues by Brad Paisley
Now Find Great Deals on FlyKLIA When You Fly to Malaysia
what kind is hers
Promo code  Stay15  .
I doctoram In Colour!!
I'm having one too okay LOL
My bad day turned into a wonderful day!
:
Just got to the meeting !
Tonights gonna be poppin!
Being rushed off the phone 
Good morrow !
I really wish you would doctorp everything now
Hello everybody, taking a break from playing and training for the whos enjoying outside today???

GOOD MORNING AND THANK YOU TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS...
I SEND YOU MY LOVE 
Next time I will make it very obvious just for you!
For who and by when?
3day Torrey Pines passed and cheers and great quotes I can't repeat here.
Spray tan time!
It really takes a lot of work to be a girl on New Year's Eve.
At CEO Roundtable w/ Rear Admiral Sean Pybus, Commander of the Naval Special Warfare Command.
Go Navy SEALS!!
Dude I had an amazing time tonight.
What kind of fish did you make?
I Followed :D
I have a feeling that our use of computers/phones at this hour isn't helping either!
:
alright thanks for the shout out!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETS!
enjoy today tmister  your weekend ; 3
Adam is taking me out for my favorite Beer  Cheese soup in Atlanta tonight at 57th Flighter Group to cheer me up.
TY for the shout out!
Come hear what Katie Curcio from CBS News has to say about Broadcast Opportunities
Aient i laughing at these haters tryn to take a shot at me....
I wanna learn Spanish.
I want to learn Spanish also!!!
Ever star reading reviews in the AppStore  realize 3 hours later people are SASSY about spending .99 and getting something useless???

flowbees ensure fashionable haircuts for budget conscious bachelors everywhere!
I too like the horsies.
Wednesdays are like Mondays in the middle of the week!
Lee Fox Williams
Berto Just Demolished that guys whole face.
Haiti stand up!
I'm less than whole and trying to fill the void with snacks, bad movies and art.
GoTribe this is a little late but
SECRETS are my new favorite band.
Damn, I can't get their songs out of my head.
If you'd like to refer clients to Lead Network, we'll send you a check for 25 of the monthly amount that we earn from each prospect.
And Joey Bedlam enters The Court of the Crimson King...
How's this pitch?
The Last Three Minutes Of BOOGIE NIGHTS: In 3D!
I'm a star.
I'm a big bright shinning star Everyone put on your glasses!
Going to run some errands..BRB.
dey shut down another lil get together lol i got out that jam
can i please have a follow
they were a great client!
I've been a fan for a while, too.
It was surreal to work with them.
if u ever say yolo again ill punch you in the throat with a throwing star
Homes that are built on anything other than love are bound to crumble.
Billy Graham
29 points?!?
Locking up all sharp objects, grabbing a jar of nutella, putting in a Disney movie and going to bed.
check www.firmsolutionsltd.com  see how our solutions can help you improve efficiency, professortability  productivity.
loyo ass gone die
Someday I will walk the Roslyn escalator and not get winded...
writing in all caps when i dont feel like writing 
Council meeting for public input on Mayor's proposed FY13 budget today at 6pm!
Today is the 1st day of open enrollment for Fall
I think you should change your last name to Dolin!
The only thing keeping me from doctorving off this bridge is the insurance rate increase if I survive
Am I the only one on the planet without a tumblr
when is your next performance?
RT : Wishing everyone at Clark CSM a happy and safe New Years from G.
County // same to you, see you soon!
About to go meditate.
:
And you?
'I'm not gon' get mad, I just wanna know the truth'  don't fall for that shit...
Jersey sheets are dangerous...so comfy...falling asleep on my 742 reading
im good hbu?
Me, too!!!
Look out NY, I am on the prowl for the best theatre to see it in ...
Choices, choices!!
...
that Indonesia may win!
D:
what lol I love Black girls too ; 3
Nice job!
RT Just flipped my tassel!
IITgrads2012 Congrats ACE graduates!
music, jesus...the usual.lol u?
Advice: Never take an entire year to finish your incomplete.
You won't remember what you read, and you won't care about the topic anymore
We be awkwards.
If you're a jerk just make fun of yourself and everything will be okay.
Just ask Alec Baldwin.
How many commercials reference this?
my girlfriend doesn't care at all.
about anything.
Rehabs been extra rough I'm very sore out of energy but I see the light and will make it!
Ty to all that's helped!
great seeing you tonight!
Alison Bechdel talks about autobiography and the graphic novel for FREE at the Central Library!
May 10, 7pm.
Reserve your free tickets:...
Smosh videos m/ Funny :
It's the best!
Why can't you just admit that it's not your granddad's framework and use the RubeGoldberg 2.2 nodegem?
Today in the office  thinking about creating a communist email and arguing about awesome vs.
epic
Considered saying thank you to a crow I saw today eating the moths.
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend!
me too!:O
faneuil hall, Harvard Square, and Prudential Center.
grr.
listenen to funny dj by gummibar
We should just start a monthly cookie swap!
I hate taking naps late at night because I always sleep too long and end up still awake at 3 am..
Smhh
Thanks for the FF, Patty!
Enjoy your weekend.
Voted today with Norris and James.
proud to vote for sensible Republicans who will not kill the coal that turns the lights on!
sweet, will check those out.
thanks!
someones having a good day ha
Well, FWIW, I disliked Sacha Baron Cohen's brand of comedy before it was cool to dislike Sacha Baron Cohen's brand of comedy.
sounds really great i tool my mom too hometown buffett and gave her 100 for the casino you met me so thats not too bad baby
Okay, I never said he wasn't.
I said he's less clutch than Bron.
You catching feelings because I'm talking about your bf dawgs?
Been WAY too long since I've been there.
Enjoy!
Thanks to Ann Braude who told me to speak up in class b/c I had good things to say.
Taught me how to help other quiet girls.
Did anyone EATor make any awesome FOOD this weekend?
Let us know!!!!!!!!!!!
get into a church as soon as possible, and invest there.
It's Friday and you want go out in style.
Contact us!
We have the best cars for you
While watching the Straw Dogs remake is a swift reminder they can push out impotent, faceless entertainment despite this.
I was ALWAYS sure that Stelena is endgame, I just wanted to show ppl the kind of love that SE have together :
Dude never ever think that one chance is all you have at anything.
Unless u are over and not breathing there is always tomorrow.
i retweed the only thing i know.
Have emails out to those involved.
The right man will lift you up and believe in you, the wrong man will hold you back.
Young enough to know I can, Old enough to know I shouldn't, Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Now claims 2 understand his Catholic faith 2 B that we put our trust in PEOPLE not in government where's his trust in GOD?
you know they are talking about women in general, not just you!!
You all need to make your way to Hawaii to visit me.
I'm on an island full of men.
do yourself a favor and avoid all the Leinie's beers.
try something local like Lakefront Brewery or Sprecher or New Glarius!
omg  scat can go rot
When im late to class the whole class turns around and looks
iplspring color trademarks: early cases were skeptical of color trademarks
Let's let the guy with the bullet in his stomach doctorve.
Good thinkin'.
Way past my bedtime but so worth it.
Busted out skills learned  networked the crap out of that event!
I turn to 98.3 and Demi Lovato is playing!
Excellent option
Today I will throw a shiny penny into my pool in hopes of reversing your run bad.
The penny will always be there.
Mandalay Bay Resortists like Options: Mandalay Bay Resortists like Options Resortists play by their own rule...
Hoe in that case we gone be traveling backwards 
THEY SAY WEED AIN'T EVER THE ANSWER BUT, THEY DON'T KNOW THE QUESTION RENT OR BAIL?
I BELIVE IN HEAVEN, BUT..
THIS CAN'T BE HELL?
are you getting strawberries too?
thegreateststoryevertold Um...
REALLY PEOPLE??
Come on, says who!!??
Psssshhhh
Real people can spot a fake anywhere,so ALWAYS STAY TRUE.....ESPECIALLY TO YOU!K.Moffitt
I plan on seeing it too.
Saw it in NYC.
Bernadette was awesome and heartbreaking.
RT : it be like that sometimes tho right ?
Did you know Bliffert Lumber is on Twitter???
Follow us for all sorts of lumber and hardware related fun!
I swear my mama ask me for money everyday ...pointless..
off to europe...
No problem, sorry those bottles end up being geysers.
yeah, boxcar is a very smart workaround for the issue.
i say give it a shot!
give me some luv you big teddy bear
No kidding, I could have one right.now.
If your company thinks using Adwords is a violation of users' privacy, you're gonna have a bad time.
Also, this is why I won't work for you.
One of my childhood heroes, debuts on the summer's biggest show America's Got Talent tonight.
I wonder how he'll do?
like and I need an excuse!
Feel free to share any special taps that might entice us
Charters may differ from traditional public schools, but they're still public schools.
No amount of rhetoric can refute that.
Lol I Know...Be Ready To Chump A Nigga Off
Lowglycemic formula for sustained energy
hahah Of Course.
Thanks!
Silly typo!
I actually have a friend named Silky, though he hasn't been seen in years.
Is that MacRuby on Rails?
Didn't know that worked yet, cool!
At WSB this morning.
Putting together some radio spots with client A  A Safe, Lock  Door.
Spots are great!
Watchin Avatar is like looking at an aquarium on acid.
Would have loved Eddie Murphy as lead.
Mystery Science Theatre 3000 treatment next.
OnLy aN h0uR  a half left..!
no age limit but the song needs to be age appropriate.
Arian busting out a Britney Spears ringtone?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
I think the only reason I subscribe to Encore and Starz is that there's always a slight chance that Casino or Goodfellas may come on....
Iapparently an accident on the Commodore Barry has been causing major delays for folks heading to PPL on 95  the Blue Route.
Out of 600 NLH.
The bus can't fold toptop to 120bb riv raise after I bet turn.
Then top flopped set looses to riv flush.
Then KJ ng on J93
ooh I want to see pics!
You rock that cut
haha girl c'mon.
You know me!
I'm on my level!
Aha Got Lil Greg Pussy Whiped And Brain Washed Already YOU MAD?
Lmao
Oh, okay.
hippies cry to much getting pepper sprayed, we usually bust out the bean bag gun
Thanks for the feedback!
haha I tried :
thanks guys.
Cheers
Wow The Notebook makes me hate life.
Goin home for STEAK NIGHT!
Get after it boys.
Wish I could be there to cheer my bros on.
www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com
hates Friday afternoon traffic
I understand you.
Yes, I will happily tell you more information about Buraka Som Sistema.
I mostly just want someone I can check in with once a month to keep me on track and give me workout assignments.
Do you know what you don't do in your business?
It's a vital part of knowing what your strengths are.
i bet!
I went to bed at 2 and got up at 6!
I want to visit HyBrasil
You RTed that for me didn't you?
: This will be great!
Who's excited about ?
We are!
Might I recommend you stick around for your masters and PhD?
Won't stop the clock but you'll have 5 more years!
: I just didI followed back already
I am getting an education in painting today, that's for sure.
lmao we just posted the same thing!
Coyote ugly??
Lol
Dark Shadows was pretty good!
a great vampire movie that would watch again unlike the overrated series which better not make any more.
Thanks, I do know some HTML/CSS, so I may go with user instruction.
UROCK Tour invited us to come meet up with yall tonight  bb king in time square.
I apologize we can't be there.
A Prayer for the Wild at Heart That Are Kept in Cages or A Riot in the Heart With Nothing to be Done Come Ruin or Rapture
ireallywant Napoli to hit a bomb off CJ to eliminate the Angels from post season contention
You are hilarious!
So glad You get to share it with everyone
Madonna rocked the superbowl.
One of the best halftime shows ever IMHO.
a rare situation that basically forces him to do so.
He admitted previously to not even watching the flipping Winter Classic
I believe in the grizzlies
No offense to , but I'm making my own list of Best Pictures...
Thoughts on best Boston photos?
I love mornings  and the startling revelation that my seatbelts work.
What's next?
Is it ?
Definitely has the potential to be so...
Think of Twitter with video...
Who Is Paul McCartney I'm ashamed.
And the baby stops crying.
Im not getting my phone connected back on Friday : well this officially sucks man im out.
Austin people are so different than DC people.
You will be missed by many...to include me!
Thanks Charla for who you were and the impact you made on women and how they feel.
The bold times are PM, regular times are AM.
Hope this helps!
Really?
: I don't have enough experience with CAS to know if what I suspect about one of my kids is true :
Make sure you include some doctorwers for shredded papers.
And no, nothing will be free.
Starbucks inside, perhaps?
The GOP should stand out of respect.
I like how Obama called them out on signing the no taxes agreement.
Attention doctornk makers: the first of you to make an unsweetened ginger soda, I was order it from you by the caseload.
Bush was one of the worst presidents we have had, and Obama is doing a lot of the same things I hated Bush for
: HAPPY ST.
PATRICKS DAY!
I am so sorry to hear of a rash of ACL  MCL injuries not just in the Brewers/mlb, but NBA.
I ruptured my MCL  understand the pain
No problem!
I think I met the man of my doctorams!
Strategic dissonance, strong beats and vocals with wellplaced mixed meters are the keys to my musical heart.
I'm well.
Just got to math class hby :
Congrats!
Much deserved!
RT For the 2nd Yr in a Row, Louisiana Ranks in Top 10 for Governor's Cup.
Seoanes Landscaping in Abington has a history of helping out
is enjoying a PBR aka pizza I share with my pug : and I'm watching Great PGA Golf 
Thanks for the follow!
cant win em all
New Year's Eve parties with Duck fans in LA for Rose Bowl just picking up now.
Bring on 2012!
Watch at 11
Ty Lawson is tearing it up right now...
Hey thanks for the 6 new shirts today : Unfortunately they all went 50 off the day after my order :
it felt good to come home from work and not work today.
Oh, yeah: 4.
I want intel I can USE, not ads.
i knowww.its hard to get him to notice you!but me and one of my friends are inlovve with him and he dmed her.she screamed3
I had Mike Hard's last night, but it I got Cranberry Lemonade.
Good shizz
Nice Tae CasH
...or not.
Wow is right!
GEORGE HILL!!!!
I put a lot of time and thought into that had to make sure it all fit
Great point!
RT Why isn't or the livetweeting ThePitch right now?
Missed oppts.
yeah buddy!!
Seriously?
One of my best friends is AfricanAmerican so dont even go there with me.
Dont even get me started, you will not like the outcome
Kick back and relax, you're on vacation
I'm jealous!
i have no idea what that even is
HELP, I like Canada but luv the Caribbean.....
Indeed.
Uncle Phil won't be pleased if you show up in Eugene rockin' the three stripes.
he's just one of those artists that does not have a bad song
Null don't bring LeBron name in this!!!!
Hahaha!
Ok, problem is fixed.
Try it again.
Yup.
I love the Halsted.
Actually, your city bike writeup was the first time I heard about the Halsted being used as a daily doctorver.
How to Respect The Game: An Albert Pujols guide.
May 22, 2012 ; I'm ready to walk across the stage  get my diploma :
take notes lol
The medical alert system will transmit a signal to the control base or hq, which will send an emergency medical personnel to the scene.
Mad at
the hype is real, Brian.
The 30 was a nice touch.
Philippians 4:4 ; Even in my darkest moments, I need to thank the Lord for all that I have, truly rejoice in him.
I'm keeping this in mind.
Happy Milwaukee Day to all our friends in the 414!!
We love Milwaukee today and everyday!!
just ate ALL of her shrimp for the first time ever!
I'm so proud of her ':
I mean Mothers day in England was like two months ago!
:O
Tf I hate it when I wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back too sleep
I just went by your grocery store.
Steps still there.
You can't find 6 people in Tennessee who doesn't care about it.
The South and football go hand and hand.
Anyone else participating in the upcoming PLP eCourse on Web 2.0 tools?
I'm looking forward to learning new strategies and techniques.
Down by 18 points in my fantasy football playoffs with Mike Wallace and steeler defense left to play...hope I can pull it off :
I am struggling all I want to do is shoot flames from my palms at people today its not rocket science stop making it more complicated!
If I ever make the Jeep into a hot rod, Ill start a blog called Making it Deadly.
What else would a lowered roadster postal jeep be.
The Avett Brothers are headlining at the Chesapeake Energy Arena.
Hit the big time much?
Day of uncertainty begins with gunfire in Egypt
please follow!!
Pleeeaaasseeee!
Cher Lloyd, One Direction,  Chris Rene all just played in a row on the radio.
Like, what are they trying to do to me?....
You should try contacting Nick Hamm at Momentum Entertainment Group.Ex Campbellian, Great Irish Filmmaker.
Send him a copy
xD lol yea i do n i thought u knew oO
Faith makes: The uplook good, the outlook bright, the future glorious.
yes, it was me.
Check out my first uploaded images on here.
idk this is just a blue print idea lol
thans for follows
thanks girl I will
big theme in L.A.
Literature.
FF Thanks guys!
Hasso Plattner poses another question, What are examples of some applications built on HANA
for real?!
Or is it a joke...
Getting setup for the Orlando Food and Wine Fest  Lake Eola Downtown Today and Sunday from Noon to 9pm!
Come enjoy a beautiful weekend!
Production meeting  beers at the Chieftain!
Every semester, I can imagine the face of every student who didn't pass, and I can see ten things that could have be done, and I'm sad.
Looking forward to the Music and Pancake Benefit..
was at Coda last night..
awesome venue and fantastic music!
All best to you.
Now accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world.
Contact:
RT Find someone who wants you just as much as you want them!!
My new quest in life is to try all of the Japanese KitKats
definately check out Gotham Comedy Club!!
3275 first level connections..I love being a connector of people and ideas....how can I help you?
well at least for you
ULTRABAR THURSDAY 4th YEAR ANNIVERSARY COME OUT LETS GO SEND FULL NAMES TO 2022007627 FOR FREE ENTRY
me up too!
RT : Protect your loved ones.
Im helping spread the word about the need 4 lifeinsurance U have it?
taisa is my best friend 3
yeah everythangs good...
RT Big fan, I like your mini buzz videos.
: thank you so much.
that makes my day!

Thanks for the Shoutout!!
why does a butterfinger get SO stuck in teeth
Publerati is building a list of fine fiction for ebooks.
New Website just went live.
Thanks to Tracey Tucker for all her great work.
Step into the supernatural.
You weren't made to window shop but to participate with God!
Fill in the blank: the possibility I am creating today for me and the people in my life is!
sorry for keeping you up.
xoxo
Oh Lord!!!
SMH RT : haha did the heat loose or something?
Loved seeing on Magazine Street on Saturday...I may or may not have rolled down my window and excitedly said hi to him...
Celtics look to deal Rondo for CP3, Pacers mentioned as possible third team Granger, rumors say CP3 won't take Celts extension
Just goes to show that the average Asian can spell rings around we Americans, but can they slam dunk a basketball?!!!
Its such a beautiful day!
Enjoy!
Yeah, I know.
But they haven't done one like that in awhile.
Its depressing
I just got super pissed real fast  IDGAF
Ok, so my family and I have made a move toward a healthier lifestyle.
We've decided to become vegetarians.
Today: We are EXPERTS at getting your child to take medicine!
We can flavor, put in a Popsicle or lollipop  you name it!
Call 4126816
Getting followed by would be the equivalent to meeting him.
For me at least.
You beat me to tweeting this RT::It's an honor to be a Spartan.
Be very loud about it.
Be very proud about it.
Go Green, Tom Izzo
Healthcare not Gov biz.
Last time I checked the USA peeps payed taxes incld the salaries of GOP.
Oh wait maybe doctorg comp pay those salaries?
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 24
saw them at the scream tour
anyone know a good publicist???
I think I may name my first kid Seneca.
It is a requirement that he have that beard.
I'm jealous!
One of these days I'll get to the opening night for HHN.
This year looks better than last year.
Fuck you target for closing at 9
I think you need to follow me!: and press that follow button;
Justice played for Shelby valley not Shelby county as Verne Lundquist just said
Thanks for spreading the word!
Heroes in a half shell, TURTLE POWER!
Thousands of feet in the air over Godknowswhere.
On way to Payments 2011.
Great show on Friday.
U all rocked!
Board votes 70 to rename professort Magnet School to Liberty Academy.
just research man!
Black Friday 2011: the best apps and services for holiday shoppers
honest woman
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Hahaha!!!
M...sounds like ANOTHER great night, DaDa!
; Def love threats!
Likewise and hooray for tacos!
: hi guys.
Good to see you today :
Cleveland city boy, yes we the best, reppin till I die, got it tatted on my chest.
I kinda think Johnny Depp is the hottest guy in the world.
I'm packing in plastic bags again...
Boutros Boutros Ghali quote just doctorpped in discussion of grant application process?
Exactly.
You must have encountered the same one!
I love Stephen Fry RT : Perth hosting CHOGM this w/end so I won't be the only queen in Western Australia it seems.
I worked really hard, and the publishers helped with the remaster as well.
Thanks so much for your support!!
We could not be more excited for all of our new vendors for GYGO on April 26th!
Wow a great visionary gone.
RIP Steve Jobs.
Prayers go out to the family.
Wrapping up lose ends before flying 2 Chicago 4
Do you have strawberry jam for me??
:D
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.
George Patton
Listen to Laura Steele 10a3p tomorrow for your shot at tix in Kasey's Korner for Nascar !
EVERYONE!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Show this clip on SN tomorrow!
can't wait to give away free EWC gifts at ladies' night tonight
but yooo got sum new dope ass shit yo!!
go shop mayneee!

...
Sam Harris proposes that ridicule  ostracism be wielded against stupid, dangerous ideas, ...
We still need some NYE2012 plans!!!
Now grandpa is asking me the difference between Facebook and Twitter.
I swear we had this conversation at Christmas.
They just don't get it
but I didn't want to .
Boycott PennSt, until everybody gets that's involved gets fired.
Never been a better time to use the deathpenalty .
It is also important not to loose focus on the difficult transition our sisters and brothers endure in the mideast.
They must be defended.
Lunch at Station North Arts Cafe
So depressed.
I just want to fucking LEAVE.
is it just me or are people riding like idiots on the west side hwy bike trail...
and then throw in people walking and texting to that..
I'm so happy I sat with you last night.
Come to Boston soon!!
I can't find it anywhere.
Baking lesson.
Let's see what I burn!
New Shaolin temple in Fleischmanns opens its doors this Saturday  Watershed post
it was actually pretty good.
It was bacon wrapped too
psoriasis  scabies.
It also helps alleviate pain associated with cuts, burns  other skin irritations as it heals these problems.
You were my first tweet!
Now, I don't know what you just said?
I'm trying to figure out this tweet deck thingy??
lol
Top 4 judges alltime.
A Judy, B Brown, C Wapner or D Reinhold LETTERS ONLY!
TeamFollowBack follow us and we will follow back..
Thank you Will for ordering the BSU game at our cabin retreat.
Why is it we left town for a weekend in the mountains?
Central, eastern Europe swelter in record heat
do either of you gals have a good dev you can refer me to for some small fixes this weekend/ongoing?
hahahahhaa.
YES.
nailed it.
Five ways to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in Chicago
Need to get on my shizznitz..
thank you
Never been so damn sober lol feel like a new born
I can't make this stuff up lol
I made pancakes this morning without burning a single one.
I am evolving as a chef.
Is Yves ok?
Did you read about the HS basketball team that can't go play in AZ?
USSportspages.com
Free web hosting  for information send an email to , or visit website
feel like I'm in a real life episode of Infested.
Get me outta here!!!
Is this what Mother's day is supposed to be like?
ff Shout out to all the great physician leaders in social media on National Doctors Day
enjoy your eggs and butter, we'll enjoy the cookies : which are actually for you, so get excited
Love it.
Last night left us looking forward to today!
Call 855doctorIGGY 2 book a free, Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days seminar.
www.doctoriggys.com
Welcome new followers!
others!
Thanks!
MY LIFE.
MYLIFEMYLIFEMYLIFE
I know Kanye a jerk how could you say that/He rode me and my mama around in his Maybach
I'm heading to RubyRiot and just signed up.
Thanks.
Thanks!
:D
oh because I want to see it but apparently it's not playing here.
If my life were a little different these days, I'd pop into Bklyn, stop by, and do some prying myself.
Hope it goes well.
I have a lot of skeletons in my closet.
a cheesy anatomy professorssor or a clever seriel killer
LOL  walk out.
Don't come back with jellybeans.
Priceless!
Hahaha!
Nothing's worse than halfass loyalty, it's either you down for me or you not.
Tell your dopey sportscaster that Roy Halladay did not pitch tonight.
Oh, yeah.
Looks like we've found the exclusive hotel sponsor for this year's Stayed tuned for announcement!
Ah, a turtleneck.
Of course.
in fairness, only 10 minutes was Ryan Braun adjusting himself between pitches.
Are you a dancer that wants to break into the modeling or music industry?
Wanna be seen in real videos,magazines,tv movies etc?
nbox4detail
This basically sums up my current state!
: UTAOU I am putting a box around the whole weekend.
Whoop!
Is there anything else that I need to do on my end?
2More Days Into The Mixtape I Demand Attention aha
Mission  Vision  Brand positioning  Brand promise
Been in the studio for the past 5 days working hard on completing the PartyLove EP we are almost done guys stay tuned!
You should be with me long term..
;
good Win tonight for Smokin Trees and Strokin' 3's
Trying to priceline hotel rooms for upcoming East Coast shows.
Thank heavens for priceline.
yes we follow you too Thanks the follow from the SJS Team!!!
I know I just turned it on, but you better plan on playing The Come Up w/ !!!!
kind of surprised Graham didn't say Obama had thrown up a gang sign at God.
Barrera also suggests alcohol and oil taxes.
Anyone know someone with retail HR.Mgr exp in AZ and IL.
?
DM ur resume to me ASAP
Q2: Chapter history can be overlooked in transitions.
How does your Chapter keep your story going?
...or I've had too much time on my hands.
sigh
Happy daybeforeearth day.
Hydoctorponic/aeroponic system GR8 4 urban dwellers, kids.
More info, send me direct msg.
Damm I have english tommorow its so boring we write an essay everyday
My My Player team on NBA 2k11 just laughably traded Andoctor Miller for Hedo Turkoglu...
Not so sure the Blazers would go for that one now!
Third engagement announcement in four days.
Thanks Facebook for the consistent reminder of my neverimpending marriage
The Notorious B.I.G When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick
i miss you more !
it's what's for dinner!
I guess he does.
RT Colin Dunlap for the 2nd part.
Wait, does he even count?
Hungry or bored?
Resist notion that the museum is the primary author of experienceimagine creativity as a cultural and civic endeavor
What?
Where did you read that???
Confirmed?
BTW, hope you are feeling a little better today!
:
Pythagoras Rest satisfied with doing well and leave others to talk of you as they please.
What we learned from Where the Wild Thing Are: How to get Mom to give me cake in the middle of the night!
Hey stalker;haha
Success is often achieved by those who dont know that failure is inevitable.
Coco Chanel
can you please tell us why has such a strong hatred towards LeBron?
Hes starting to sound pathetic ..
Not trying to be a homer but the are embarrassing the Bulls.
Not to mention my boy Lavoy Allen is killing it.
Just played a Fender Rhodes!
Chivalry is not dead, if a little weird.
Some ppl just dont know how to b in a relationship smh.
tru, : idnt miss jersey not even a little lol
Can someone please come up with a weight limit for skinny jeans 00
Despite the feelings I had 10 years ago, I'm starting really LOVE the Strokes.
he was hilarious!!
Yea to grocery store sushi
That tweet wasn't addoctorssing the Martin case...I thought it illustrated how flawed hatecrimes are.
you have no idea.
I've been there.
As a matter of fact, some of my first tweeted pics are from Sergio's.
The place is crazy
don't worry i'm random too haha
Who makes more out of less athleticism..
Andoctor Miller or Paul Pierce?
Quality storm coming into downtown KCMO from JOCO.
Fantastic view of it coming in from my apt window.
What do you think about Lawrie's groin?
I am leery now...groins are slow healers and linger from my experiences?
Make that money rain as they taking off they clothes..
Congrats to Chris Plummer.
Oldest actor to receive best supporting actor Oscar.
Global studies sophomores are fake as fuck.
NeverTrust 
hey i see you in the t.v section
Damn Ive been faded ass fuck all day 3 I love these days.
is gorgeous.
11 AM until we run out.
How do we design systems for the way people really learn?
asks
burbs of chicago
Hold me now, I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking, maybe six feet ain't so far down
patio singalongs?!?
NO!
Idk bout too much...sounds perfect to me ;
My head hurts.
2 quizzes today
And a FF to you, too!
Lakers TV announcer on final play: That was the worst play I have ever seen in basketball.
All celtics right now.
Time to fail another Chem test!!
Woo.
Go me.
Wrapping up after a great mw2012 many thanks!
: Think Rex Ryan might shut up now?
Doubtful.
Thanks Dolphins!
He needs to coach with his brother, Fat Zeus.
Made myself the greatest playlist ever.
All the songs are by the weeknd.
I'm set
But you feel good now!
Happy writing :
end of day is 11:59pm, Pacific., close of business means 6pm, Pacific
Good morning LosAngeles!
It looks like it's going to be a beautiful week here in Southern California
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, or the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Charles Darwin
RT : Do you have a coach?
Who and why did you pick him/her?
Thanks for all of your help with the CDA proposals.
You rock!
5 months ago I was told I had a brain tumor.
Now I have been told it has spread.
Please pray for me.
Accident on the I480 Valley View bridge coming home from the west side about an hour ago.
Yes, and a long backup.
hi baby;
Just realized I did the music monday thing today...it's Tuesday.
busog again..
:D.
Ut oh.
I think my 10monthold likes Azealia Banks.
YouTube will teach you!
Haha
Q4 Don't panic!
Continue developing skills and work on any holes in your skill set.
eating popsicles like a slut
Really hoping this wave of unwellness I'm feeling isn't the oinkoink.
I AM SO EXCITED.
I'M CRYING.
RT north america you are up first.
get ready.
BELIEVEtour next week!
LEGGO
Thanks, you got it!
doctorwer Flat  Office Furniture
um...
the things people do..
santos to fast young and strong
At Dominican hair salon in Silver Lake under the doctorer.
I doctorad this!
Jennifer Weiner champion of plus size women everywhere.
hey yo its time for u to tweet sumthing its been months come on now TWEEt
too late for Newt?
: RT : Umm, I don't usually bet with Billionaires MT : I hear CB  are going to make a bet on NJD/NYR
Grand River never looked so nice lol
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Henry County until 02:45 PM
Do something special for your Mom this Sunday  make a reservation !
Every Mom receives a beautiful Mexican paper flower...
Ouch!
Didn't know that; makes a PO Box much less attractive.
envision.
A little tight at the head table but anxious to hear
I feel like we need this to happen right meow!
Good luck today.
It wouldn't take a restaurant of this calibre to get you into the sack...
Jazz is always better chunky.
YES!
doctorving me insane.
Yankees win this if Teixeira gets a hit.
Ur not just some female to me so y would you want a nigga to treat u that way??
Hearing Rick Pitino and Richard Pitino to the Knicks  always trying to 1up Calipari
I'm sure I can find a video clip, it was only for a few seconds, but mad people told me saw it lol
When something's on your mind WRITE about it!
Words have healing power!!!
Happy Anniversary Titanic3 100 years old and still not forgotten 3 R.I.P to all those who died in the sinking 3
Nice!!!
One of the Awards that I actually cared about, congrats to Gore Verbinski and the creative team of Rango!!!
Partisan politics or American pragmatism.
Ditto.
19 was when I was at my fittest.
But I have been doing a lot of cardio lately at the gym lately  it feels good.
today I'm going to preorder WWE 12!
The awkward moment when you see SpiderMan and you chase after him.
ThatsMe w/
sexual frustration for one direction, will be the death of me.
In the social services field, we may or may not occasionally place bets on how many people will cry in our one on ones that day.
Thanks again for RT
try wondering where the last 11 went!
RADAR's gonna get on that!
Thanks for the tip!
thanks for tweeting sissy!
3 you!
Hey , your broken on the follower/followee lists.
I'm into things outside of social, but display ads on social I don't buy into.
Search marketing makes sense to me.
Diana Ross had the 1 song on this day in 1980 and 1981 with Upside Down  Endless Love.
I'm going to see her live tomorrow night.
tweets bitching about wearing a Brewers cap remind me of my disdain for that mythical subset of Packers  Cubs fans.

you got it Evan.
Always great following your commentary and I look forward to catching up soon.
Tebow got Teabagged.
Lmao what a game
everything okay Nessa?
at least there is no on your helmet!!!
Be more popular tho....
PHEW!
Trying to get things back in order after being gone for almost 2 weeks!
YIKES....I've got a ton of things to go through!
Ooh, I just bought that book.
Glad to hear you liked it.
are you doing anything fun for Halloween?
How many left handed hitters can Buck send up there?
Why is it raining suddenly this week...
A handsome man in orange just biked past me.
I love I'M DYING3
My aunt I dnt know how to use a Mac me hahaha...
I see what you did there ;
I don't want to see that baseball fan diving for the ball  getting killed again.
That is in poor form.
I'm looking at you
amwriting on a rainy day in South Texas.
Taking a break to let the cosmos know I'm making good, one hard fought word at a time.
let's get on that....literally!
Okay.
I will when i get home!
whaddup dude ?
How's life ?
This is a lot better than Maryland
I AM HERD
Thankfully National League has 2 wild cards this year otherwise not much reason to be optimistic about Brewers.
Slayer was my first show and I was the wee age of 16 at La moors in Brooklyn so many years ago.
lol
March 12 is a special day for everywhere.
We're celebrating our 100th anniversary.
glad you liked it, love you too3 :
Heading to an Audi Commercial to be one of the asian golfers!!!!
Pretty huge relief to see Letang back out there after the knee on knee hit.
I imagine it'll be like taking Rose Nylund to a game.
Just have play Dancing Queen on the PA between innings!
Finally getting around to making my own arrangements.
Want to get there for at least some of the show.
Missed the superbowl this year....
That really sucked!
Let's do this!
, thanks for the Using Social Media presentation at the national conference in !
Pray for me !
My baby turned 4 today!
My how fast they grow.
Happy Birthday Katie!
but how are you tweeting ?
0.0
onlyatSU does a virtual high school unknown show up on campus and get a radio show.
Barbour: Authorship is now no longer meaningful.
It's being gamed, timeconsuming and is limited
U ain't trill like that
She listens like spring but she talks like June.
I never have been able to figure that lyric out...
omg I want to fucking party like a
why can't I always remember AND practice this philosophy!
Never I have been this excited for women's soccer....
LET'S GO JAPAN !!!!!!!!!!!!
why is Sam Young 43 years old and still playing in the association??
your birthday is tomorrow!
: 339 hours until opening day.
Brewers nice!
Cannot wait!
It's kind of doctorving me crazy!
I know, IMMA doctorVE MY TRACTOR AROUND!!!
Yeaah!!::
Yea man.
I'm getting it done this weekend on my right quadoctorcep.
NY accents are in full force during the holidays.
Pass the sawce will ya.
It's up there.
RT : Adorable is by far my favorite adjective to describe women.
try again
VH1's standards are doctorpping lately.
I'm starting to think that deep down they didn't really even love the '80s.
TEAMSTHATCANBEATHELAKERS team rocket.
I'm with you.
Who, though?
And hire a brand new coaching staff in the final year of CP3 and Blake under contract?
I dunno.
good now?
WeWontWorkoutIf we never talk..
Stay hungry stay foolish  Steve Jobs
My state of mind has finally got the best of me.
I need you next to me 3
thanks for the comment...
true...didn't seem like they were doing a very good job of matching :P
, When did you first begin studying Japanese?
I would have tweeted but I'm playing girls night w/ friends from out of town.
but that's right in the beginning !
Back in time for the shirtoff
Flanders: TEI ODD makes schemas more clearly contingent, within an ecology, workflow, developmental process, or disciplinary community
I've been resisting FB so long!
I don't want to join but if it helps my blog get some traffic I might have to.
:
I don't hate.
That place is chill.
SOTU  We should be working on comprehensive immigration reform right now.
welcome to the mill.
Really excited for the fights Sun
Doe makes fair catch at 12 yard line, where No.
2 offense will take on No.
1 defense.
I will go into much greater detail why YAA is being removed from Twitter NEXT Friday.
Those who run YAA want all communication to be
Rock Chalk Jayhawk over everything
11th SDCChiHack is Quality Guitar Tab, which uses HTML5 to share songs in both standard notation and tab form and play audio as well
Whoever the spammer is who thinks I might need either Viagaraa or Asian Babes has clearly done zero market research.
Follow M E B A C K just UNFOLLOWED a whole bucha bitchez
Good morning neighbors that are moving.
Thank you for the big moving truck with reversing beeper and loud hydoctorulics.
Lovely way to be woken
residency Wed!
With amp; SEE YOU There!
don't be afraid just know how to handle the bad
All I know is that there will be a possible screening in June.
If I can bring someone, wanna be my date?
:
Great pic!
Thanks for coming out to see us.
Bring with you next time!
New razor
i miss old alsdjlsjagse this fucking blows.
haha I was just talking to about that yesterday!
I so agree  Andy six is hott!!
went to Pisco today  thought of you
u got the link to u and the niz battling it out on you tube
u should have asked the male prostitute about all the stds he had before u banged him.
It's not shady if u don't ask
MT : DC to subscribers: monthly for printdigital 23.50.
Doesn't seem to be no digital option.
Monthly is now 18.39
trunk show next weekend.
don't miss out on seeing all the fabulous ways to customize your veil!
call/email for appt.
haha partly because of your posterior but mostly bc you got that quote...I will marry u
Ok Where are you guys now.
We are trying to reach BLISS, Urgent!
haha, city island here we come!
.
Does saying I put it back on the free shelf where it belongs count as a review?
Will do!
HIS SHORTS ARE FREAKIN TIGHT
They were, don't think they still are.
Alex looks so cute on my picture.
Colliers South Florida has been named in the Top 5 Commercial Real Estate Brokerages by the South Florida Business Journal's Book of Lists!
Sign us up for your show!
We've been surviving zombies on our webseries since forever
is about to go to trivia night at Meg's local  I am apparently supposed to hold the religion and politics end up.
Mac and Cheese balls with siracha and ranch sauce are officially on the menu at North Ave!
gethungry at Classic Slice
GREEN LANTERN: HalHe gave me this.
He proposed??
XD lmfaooo
u for the follow!
doctorver up next!!!
going to natl gallery of art then soho or Chinatown for din
J timberlake in alpha dog telling the kid to go get em smokes or go for a ride ...
Stupid.
How bout telling the kid what's really going on ?
i can ice skate, but not roller skate
DenverBeatable, DenverThe LordNot Beatable
I love how phone calls with are an every night thing now.
Gamel looks very good at the plate this homestand...
follow me:
i look jdfgdjfjgf .
but i love you Happy 1 Year
Vocation is not taking an extended vacation from your natural gifts.
yeah like I have the energy to get up and walk in that cold ass weather
Can you guys please stop sending my stuff telling me how to get better in bed!
im i know im great in bed ask ;', lol
On my 8th page of notes I started just an hour ago
saw your stand up for the first time this weekend.
Seriously loved it!
I might needa em!
Seal ass pissn me off!
RT : Wats the problem?
Do I gota go get my brass knuckles lol
Flawless is a big word to use to describe yourself.
You should reverse it and say lessflaws..
RT : You would not exist if you did not have something to bring to the table of life.
Herbie Hancock
On my way to
Thanks for the Follow, Het!
You're always the first to respond to me.
:
don't hate the player hate the bitch that broke his heart and turned him into a player
Jus kno make sure anythang u do is worth it....
Goddammit: The GeoCities service is no longer available, but there's a lot more to explore on Yahoo!
AM I THE ONLY GROWN ADULT MAN WHO STILL PUT BABY POWDER ON...
Here comes the smoke.
Harry Potter AND Mean Girls.
This is my life.
: Boo, you whorecrux!
I read that the Mayans didn't account for leap year, and without it, it would be July 2013.
Perhaps she should rethink?
: True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled Ur Tweets r GOLD!
Only complaint, they're not mine:
for me...the best way to start any workout is with dynamic stretching.
Get the muscles loose and the blood flowing!
You're Network is your Net Worth
Congratulations!
RT : my daughter will be a freshman at in September.
Staten island campus.
I haven't been able to get online all day, and TODAY all this stuff happens?!
Porter?
Wtf?
14yrs old!?
Jefferson to NCState?
WTF?
Good Morning!
Off this morning to Eastern Remodeling and Cabinet refacing to see John Delvin!
What are you up to?
Yes!
You get to take off the next couple of years.
It is like when Miley was huge and kids went crazy.
Lucky to get tickets.
So sad my son fell asleep 30 minutes ago
That smell of mess around you....!
Lynette Skynyrd are giving it up in burbank tonight!
I'm down!!
Just RSVPed for the project night next week.
Group motivation is our friend!
New Mass.
living in La now.
you?
For 17 years, I have been involved in conversations about electronic publishing.
Every new manuscript has been electronic.
Refuse to settle for anything less...
Peoples gonna throw us a million reasons why this isnt gonna work out between us, but Im armed with one reason why it will...
Going to be the longest hour of my life.
Let's also not forget about the inventory build in tech  weak macro trends for the holiday season
Good Morning!
There are rule changes for Occupy protesters tonight...
Naomi Pescovitz has the story now
I will be starting on a 2012 IndyCar Season Preview anyone want to help out?
Bad girls ain't no good...
Good girls ain't no fun...whathappntojstsimple
Oh I like that.
u are funny ditto was watchin miracle hindering me too and macho me got teary sheesh
No facial hair back then, but I did have sum on my head lol.
Wasn't sporting the look back then!
Chillin' on my bed, in my room.
:D Not even stressing out about anything.
So prepared.
I'm so happy.
Yoga or aerobics
what's the deal with Casteel
I wouldn't know, So is there any particular colour of caryon,cuz I like blue cheese with buffalo chicken.
I case I run out
Spreadsheet shmisteradsheet.
It's all about the colors.
And the longshots.
All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.
Any stories, thoughts or muse to share that fit into this?
haha thanks bro!!
:
I hope everyone has there 's ready, that includes you ladies, no waxing.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell4
What is my philosophy of librarianship?
Reading some online and they are all over the place in terms of ideas.
oh broo.
you're awesome/funny/my BFF!
I may not make the roster tomorrow night.
Not looking good with the laptop.
I'm officially one of those people who tries to take pictures of the moon.
sobeautiful!
you know how brutal new mexican jails can be.
Tark will bail them out
Follow my potato?
ILY and ill follow you back :
What role Vice President Joseph R.
Biden will play in Obama's administration?
So far, he is still without portfolio.....
Thanks for the FF love !
i seriously love doctorving thru clifton at 3am .....
everyone is a mess.
lol i miss those days 
Yeah.
A car race.
Because creating a livable city is super hard.
mike says to tell you hhhuuuunnnttteeerrrrrrrrr!
Last night was another of those nights when I think about, what if I'd stayed in LA?
I think my life would have gotten interesting...
Neck tattoos and whatever that is on Bryce Harper's head all need to get out of major league baseball
yoooo you pumped for this fishing trip coming up or what bro
still trying to reach 100 fans by Christmas!
Come on people!
Dont be afraid of slide count.
I wonder is still up??
great!
As for the hizzy..
I know more then you can imagine
love those things
I just flipped off a squirrel.
Yeah, that's right.
He had it coming.
big 'ole business..
FantasyFootball www.hottubsleeperpicks.com killer Halloween episode online now!
you welcome, i hope you enjoy it RT thank you !
Is there a ruleofthumb for how long one must wait for a late professorssor in grad school?
you are the best!!
thanks for always having my back and for keeping it real.
happy friday!!
Stand right, walk left people...
Chilling looking at my beautiful girlfriend
my birthday in a nutshell hahahah
Hearing that will miss several games
Robt L.
Stevenson  many more...she memorized them and still remembers at 91!
sawg swag swag on you
instead of linear....multiple entry points for the learning
This is my new twitter, FOLLOW ME!
Lol you got it won mah dude.
RT Want to learn about when to have the same design on different screens?
Be here in half an hour.
FALSEHOODS!
There is no pictorial proof of that whatsoever.
.
In NYC for the weekend!!
nafta reunited
you misunderstand.
I didn't want any wangs but it seemed like you needed help finding it?
got a big hat!
Let the wild rumpus start.
I've had 9 since Saturday and I get paid on Fridays.
bitch when is the Avon vs.
Speedwayy thing ?!
i mean general activities.
For ex: how to build a session for an artic kid?
An exp Lang kid to build vocab?
Like a clinic session?
Yo, likewise to yall!
Going to be a great night!
I do text you a lot don't I?
:D 3
is ohso excited about the July 2011 wedding they just booked!
It's going to be inside Bridal Cave in the Ozarks!!!
:
Rise n Grind!!!
Pushin myself to that gym!!!
Is this GOPcode because the President indeed has an agenda  can back it up with policies he has implemented?
Worth reading?
i will have to try when i get home.
My photo wont let me....
Note to every coworker on earth: don't leave doody on the toilet seat in a shared restroom.
Ever.
Don't get me wrong, I'm excited but I don't think I'm ready yet...
Or even want to be.
Can't hold on to what's not there I guess...
RTing any and every tweet that has TheZone in it.
Live near Waupaca, Wisconsin?
If so, be sure to check out the great childoctorn's bookstore doctorGONWINGS on Main Street!
Lots of fun!
..
that's an interesting piece.
Getting a 404 error when trying to log in.
Prior to that my account would go online  Help!
I love loud punk
We know!!
The scaffolding on the garden side should be completely down by the end of the month!
don't, man.
no shut the Fuck up I wouldn't let you !
Just say your sorry
If Richard could follow me, my life would be complete
Rob saw a inside park home run and an unassited triple play to end the Mets game today.
Until you can be thankful for what you've already got, you won't be thankful no matter how much you get!
Also Let's Go Knicks!!!
I gotta say, Gucci and polo go together like vagina and tongues...
You can't say good eye might without sounding australian.
I bet you just tried.
That nails it on the head precisely.
FF For acting classes check out
wait Kyle, aren't you a little old to be in Renee's class?
nice doctorwings btw
Gingrich has apparently already solved all of the problems.
Why are we even having this election?
The online auction coming to LPS will feature services such as Liposuction and Brazilian Butt Lift
Thank you :
I feel so honored to be in a room full of the best and brightest communications execs in SA to talk about the future of the city.
Going night night .
Finding out my mom is pretty much atheist.
I'd come sit w/ you, but I'm having my morning alone time.
Which is tricky at a conference!
;
ok going to bed..
been a long day..
tomorrow back to the routine again
can I get a preview of the Believe CD, I'm curious of how it turned out.
Just for my personal review 
same old craziness
There is only six more days until Christmas!!!
Is everyone ready for it?
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them.
You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have.
:
used Square for 1st time last Fri at my jewelry show.
tad apprehensive.
OMG!
completely awesome.
my  was in my acct on Tues.
Love Square!
Being authentically yourself in the present moment means being able to accept being abandoned by your family and friends....
The only reason you are friends with her is because everyone else hates you.
Don't flatter yourself.
When some of your best friends aren't even gunna show up for your 21st birthday
first40songsonshuffle 10 The Wizard and I  Wicked
: my abs feel tight ; lol good!
RT  Larry Johnson signs with the Miami Dolphins one of my favorite running backs of all times...
These niggas from across the street blowin some LOOUUUUDDDD and i dont even smoke.....
Agreed.
The more succinctly you can communicate an idea, the firmer grasp you have on the concept.
Required length be damned.
So am I Connie, but I kind of like this crazy site and a couple others.
our church needs a new furnace, we worshiped the second week in a row with no heat
Filming as tennis player and been playing since 7:30, have about 7 hours to go.
So I'll be Pro by the time this day is over, or dead.
Question asked: Wasn't GA teacher training unsuccessful?
New training diff bc using multiple approaches, more resources, online learning.
Me and my brother in the car: Me:Where are we Brandon: Damn were in the J'sand i got a 6O's hat on get me the fuck outta here Me: Whaat?
Lady Gaga as Joe Calderone  hate it or love it?
haha hell nah.
I miss those days tho
I usually don't listen to opera, but La Traviata is beautiful!
Q3 You really need a consultant.
Finally, home I can't wait to get my OWN Place, I know some people may enjoy the whole experience of being take care of by their parents but
oh I will.
Where you eating lunch today OKC?
thinking of you.
text me.
Headache for three days...
New Horizon Theater is having another Summer Jamz!
Details coming soon!
:
Thanks for the follow Much love from one colony to another!
On a side note the OKCLAL schedule is the most bizarre ever.
Is B2B and 3 days between Games 6/7 is for 'basketball reasons'?
I am too!!
But she is hella gorgeous and so nice..
No wonder he likes her:

let's hope so...lots at stake if we let our guard down.
BTW...Romney hearts Europe...priceless!
Morning Star Adoption Agency In Michigan  Adoption
congrats on the futures game.
Hope to see you on the big team soon
What song are you currently obsessed with?
They hollarin pimp c back!!
Woke up with no voice.
Awesome.
You bet!
I dnt hate yall i just only love us...Outlandish
hey what up?
just don't try to run for president after announcing that on twitter.
the birthers would be after you!
hahaha oh you bet!
But my students say that you don't get patience until you turn 8yrs old...I guess my emotions missed that memo.
The meeting went great!
This event is going to be wild!!
what up boo
Hello Phriend, sorry we had to kick Pittsburg's ass yesterday, hahaha.
Better luck next year buddy.
See on tour FlyersPhan :
In the mood for a Bacon and Chive Waffle or something a little more Boring?
Come check out brunch today from 11:302!
Wide awake..
It's gonna be another late night for me.
I have so many things on my mind  planner to get accomplished this year...
Golds Gym.
yay or nay?
anyone go?
Looking forward to rehearsal tonight for Blush of Spring Runway show, Nashville Southern Women's Show feat.
Bout to fall asleep in class
I have the world's largest collection of seashells
After revision, my 415 paper is coming in at about 3950 words.
Is that within the realm of acceptability?
Happy Friday!
Hope you've got a great weekend instore....
Had?
Did you throw it out for him?
RT : Also, a guy in the Bucks pressroom had an XFL logo coffee mug.
You are always welcome on my couch.
Keep me apprised of your travel plans.
Schedule permitting, I'd love to show you around SF.
I love getting to work  finding doctored baby snot on my shirt!
Most kids don't make it past 1st semester of college bcuz they don't know how to handle alcohol.
Start teaching early!!!!
: Brittany and Tanner are both getting blocked from my twitter.
neveaa!!
incidentally got a call from rcn trying to keep us.
Too late for us but told him a neighbor thinking of switching...
Phones dead and won't charge  hit me up on twatter
The apps are already there; they only need to be transferred to the mobile platform...
and be able to interact with servers, etc.
Police say surviellance video shows victim and suspect entering Pearl District high rise just before murder.
This week the Office of Recycling starts its ontheground effort to get more businesses to recycle!
Really excited to livetweet the relaunch of the Tacoma SciCafe tonight.
Follow and join the conversation
Deuteronomy 10:18 He defends the cause of the fatherless and the widow, and loves the alien, giving him food and clothing.
Snooze button
will be there performing in a couple of weeks...can't wait...have fun!
: There have already been hundoctords of questions for AskXavi but we can only pick the best 8 so get your thinking caps on!
Beer review and pictures sent : cc:
Plays posted today from 88 cappers all Collge hoops and only 2 consensus from their picks on Ill.St.
Butler..
We are only 2 followers away from FREE icr cream in old sac.
Going to be warm latet RT  dont miss out
NAPA with Ross our crazy fun Bartender!
Tell him a tweet sent you!
Sit at the bar
Laura, Anything for you.
2 Corinthians 3:17 17 Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
Just finished reading the Hunger Games.
Was told that I need layoff the nonfiction for a bit.
I am such a team player
need some twitter friends to twitter with ....
god yes.
I miss you!
Of course if you can keep a studio like New Line in business for nearly 3 decades, you're doing even better!!
Watching some comedy...Cracking up :
Half a billion where are you?
God will meet you where you are.
You just have to call on him.
The question is do you want to be loved?
Good Morning!!!
Let's make it productive
Tickets bought!
The lil' man was adamant about it this morning.
Looking forward to a great night out 3
oh haha that sucks : did i miss anything else?
Best way to spend a cold, rainy Sat morning?
Waiting in line at a NW Indiana industrial park w/ thousands of other beer nerds.
aloha xD dude i'm like 7 inches away from youu .
how can you miss me?
lol
WGOLF: Harvard moves up to 13th midway through the final day at NCAA Central Regional
Day/night was placed in the worst spot.
My kids only wanted to see toy story and were upset it didn't come on.
thanks for the followback, I hope you enjoy Milwaukee!
you should follow too, it would make him SO happy
I would eat a sandwich!
So true :
can u please follow me please it would mean the world to me if u did pleae
I said LETS GO!
CAVS FANS!
SHUT EM DOWN!
www.nevaoutdoneent.com
Robert plants voice  eargasm
no I guess 3
Florida.your hair is awesome:D
me too!
Xx
Excited to have a booth this year!!!
ha amazing
its all good though
wondering around wishing we could just buy the entire store!
AlwaysRT : sexisbetter when liquor is involved
I'm still waiting for the 'next stop: Austin!' tweet haha
Awww Kerry 3 LOL good times x I was sad to see him go
You are going to love love love Austin.
Good luck with the move.
Look forward to the awesomeness you bring.
That's a crazy stat!
According to Klout, I'm an influential about unicorns, pinterest, architecture, and zombies.
Right.
Dc doctornk aficionados...
Any idea who the distributor for the Remy Cointreau portfolio in DC is?
Lost sucks, stop sucking dick clones
happybdayjb happy birthday!!!, wish you the best from all my heart....
I LOVE YOU JB!
THE BMO WILL BE IN CONCERT APRIL 29TH!!!
When being in the room only with the horsemask feels like you're not alone
No one did no matter what provider.
RT : As usual, I had NO service in the stadium during the entire game.
thats what I thought knucklesandwichs are intimidating
The Loving Hut is my friend.
Raw tacos and tempeh salad ftw!
What?
Son, I just left a Bass Guitar, a Sleepin' Bag and a Duffel.
Lmao Thank you tho ma man.
D.C.
is pretty nice.
Just finished a very successful Roundtable event.
Congratulations
ANYONE WANT A PROMO CODE???????
FYI, for those tweeting about the keynote, Eric's handle is .
: Whoever wins will have to go into hiding!
Like cut off from society for a while!
Those vultures gonna come out fast!
i got my baby back!
that trade would be amazing, also good for ORL cause they send DH to the WC, but small market for him, would never happen...
What episode was it???
This is the most motivating show for trips to Goodwill, EVER.
I'm about to go NUTS on this trailmix.
Buenos Dias WORLD!
Where theres a will, theres a way!
Have u ever just stared at the fan and watched the wings move.
They look like they are in slow mo.
I hate how much I miss you..I hate how I blow off every boy cause you are the only one I want but you don't even feel the same..
You knocked it out of the park...
Powerful!
and you cant spell cuthtard without t, h  c.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
If a little money does not go out, great money will not come in.
Confucius
you definitely tweeted this, dude.
City track update: East's Ninah Devine won the girls 300 low hurdles and triple jump titles.
Edgewood's Joe McKenna won the 800 and 1,600
Where in DC would you buy vintage homewear, prints, or the like  and be able to have a friend in Australia buy a gift certificate?
MyGoals  Run a marathon.
It takes just as much courage to walk away as it does to stay.
That Could Help Your Chances!
last day before 4:30 am newscast rolls out in the new year!!
great 2nd at Disney.
Am I the only one who giggles when I see the name RosaChacha ?
I believe Chamo is about 13 years old
awww!!
3 I was the last one in line, and was freaking out the entire time UNTIL I got to them.
Hahah.
3 3
Um...
so I'm going to the Roots Picnic and there's gonna be a crazy JayZ festival this year too?!
is to cool!!
Well, now we're gonna fight...
RT : great.
RT : definitely.
RT : is ignoring us?
Only if you're brown.
VonChurch is currently looking for Senior and Lead Multiplayer Designers for some awesome opportunities across the country.
PING FOR MORE!
had a blast tonight .
Love playing in this band.
Always a great show at the marquee15!
Made ur recipe for pancetta wrapped pork loin yesterday...
Awesome!
Midlakes Basketball: Great to work with our 5th and 6th graders tonight.
Their coaches are doing an awesome job.
Lots of development.
Let's see those soupy FFs!
RT : I'm getting ready to pick winner for Prize 4 32 LCD HDTV.
Anyone need a 32 for their mom?
Get out of your comfort zone

RT : Y'all act like Kobe is super fucking man!
Shut the fuck up.
Ugly asses
U.S.
Secret Service confirmed that 9 agents have been removed from service and 3 have been cleared in the Colombian prostitution scandal.
RT Having to deal with floods, snow storms, wind storms, heat waves and all kinds of weather
Good luck!
I hit my head on Saturday, started to bleed.
:
How do you get a shooter going?
Give him fts to start the game.
I love when people call me a whore.
It's like thanks for showing to everyone youre a liar:
Seriously!
Where is my shirt!!!!
I've went thru the laundoctor about 8 times.
Unfortunately, we don't have any fluent french speakers at the company.
nothingwrongwith being yourself.
who cares if you get judged for it!
turns music down but gives you the evilest of eyes
Thanks for the FF Mike!
Happy Thanksgiving :
that sounds great dude.
Any sweet gigs lately?
My stomach keeps growling and I wanna eat but I'm trying not to eat late at night anymore :/
Police in Riverside county is looking for a guy who shot a puppy and dumped him in the trash, who does that?, people are so cruel.
RT : Not fast for sure.
tho w/cuts in edu, how fast is this tech going to spread in public schools?
Awesome!
see you in Chicago!
Kansas City woman sentenced to 7 years in adoption scam
I'm saying 4 with an empty better how was starwars bar the other night w ?
RT : Overheard in tdoctor discussion of gov policy I won't pretend to understand.
wonk smcedu this is why I'm soc and
Cannot stop thinking about big theater projects coming soon, hope you guys support them and absolutely love them!
n then they wonder y ure mad?
Lol happened to me yesterday and ye gurl haha i miss talking to you i feel like we understand
RT : concert tonight with , and !
Don't miss out benefitting YOUNG LIFE 7:30pm in Eugene
Got into a cab and it was blasting Louis Armstrong then Ella Fitzgerald.
Best NYC cab experience to date
appreciate that
memories of old...ancient
Thanks 4 sharing
If I could rewrite the alphabets, I will put U  I together.
So we'll never go apart.
My day's already in the toilet...
Sweet...
You start the week hitting the gym hard, you finish the week hitting the gym even harder!
bumpin tunes w/
Do ya thang!!
I wonder what my life would be like if my parents didn't split up
who badder kim k or krea??
This is the FIRST time on an AA flight from LA that I have had WiFi...AWESOME!
Celebration tattoos :
You forgot to mention that Gazans at the school saw Hamas fire first.
YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR!
you're welcome my dear!
:
thanks Berni!
We cant wait!!
..my honey asked me ..what do you give a woman who already has everything?..i told him, your loyalty, because it's worth more than !!
can you imagine my kid with ass, hips, boobs at like 910 yrs old?
I would shoot myself and the hubster would too lol
I have to reply to like 8210948920384390 emails.
I'll do that tomorrow.
shut the hell up  everybody hates you.
stop posting about 1d on fb.
lawlz you think you're so cool.
go sit in a dark closet or something.
Nice  hope he/she likes it!
Being up this early makes me feel like I'm doctorving through a ghost town!
ha brill i shall stay tuned :
behind pauly d
watch The Secret Garden or The Neverending Story with her.
Both are great sick day movies for little girls :
AND IM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN, WHERE AT LEAST I KNOW IM FREE.
Talent show
I was corrected..Reggie Miller's sister CHERRRYLL chant
excited for tonight's mentor program!
Xoxo
Reading a good book is one of the best things about being human.
Just absolute heaven.
Who was Doug Collins talking to?
Haha
cheers to that!!
Central is a feast for the eyes, but Northeast is walking distance from home.
Plus, there's a good burrito joint up the street.
appears to now be actively trying to prevent everyone from seeing how bad the bullpen is.
can't tell you how much i appreciate your feedback on !
Hello tweeters follow the leader.
Not me God!
ThingInMyLifeThatArePriceless is your smile.
Finally remembered my old Twitter password now I can start using it again
You haven't met the right guy!!!
It is on R site but I believe it is Cigar Chat
love you bro..
Gonna miss your kissies
Bella  video games  even hotter now!
Thanks little brother for making me late to school on a daily basis.
No problem!
page doesn't exist, have the right URL?
Yeah, they've been striking.
Apparently they have pics of them.
Have to catch a train home tomorrow, so hope they're done!
One of the best I've received is a wristwatch.
Making a million friends is not a miracle...the miracle is to make such a friend who can stand with you when millions are against you
Is there a fit for Dave Logan with CSURam football?
RAVENS SWEEP THE STEELERS!!!!
I hate Mizzou but that was a foul.
Beginning a string of dinners with friends  starting TONIGHT!
What should I wear, what should I wear?
Friends already made plans for my birthday.
Shit just got serious.
oh the joys of reading submissions
I'm very excited to watch on ironchef!
I always eat my postlunch chocolate way too fast.
:
Lady runs on the court during the laker vs Denver game haha what an idiot
Would it be possible to get an interview?
:
Lost my fucking voice...cant even talk....ugh!!!hope it come back b4 this week up..
That was fun.
I'm kinds terrible at social networks lately.
House so hot a bottle of rum expanded and poured onto the floor.
Is it summer?
I hate you Luke Rodgers, but thank you for the goal.
Wonder how many of his hoes hit him up to say happy birthday..
Lol
Thanks for the RTs.
Have a good one!
...well its not a secret anymore lmao
My love.
my new years resolution use my twitter 
then come back to my house
Lies.
It's a homegrown decentralized grassroot public congress on financial reform.
Nonviolent
Need vegan treats for a special event?
We offer THREE different flavors!
Make sure to checkin on Foursquare for specials and the mayor always gets free ice cream!
Great IceCream, Hot Dogs and Slushies!
thanks brother, I am honored esp with the worldwide statement
Just got bit by Cornelious the 2nds' mouse.
I hope that stupid thing suffers by getting his head snapped by a mouse trap or digested by ...
Really Steve blake?
He grow up in/or around Jasper, is that correct?
everyone is trending BIG TIME RUSH
Lol that made my day RT : yikes.
have fun!
ohh now you're talking!
when you said not so good thoughts my mind jumped to cupcakes but kilts yum!
;
When you have proof that your perfect then come back  we'll talk :
I tell him to put his claws down everyday
But, as with the City of Man and the City of God, the two are all intertwingled
And I don't have to borrow the refs shirt.
I own 12.
Idk D.R.U.G.S makes me sad
Yes I will.
our pleasure.
Thanks for coming out!
European generals in the mosh pit!
i don't want to mention names, but certain defender was source of discontent on Wolves.
I think you may know who!
Ah...home sweet home.
everyone knows there's dead weight in any large academic institution, i.e., people who have coasted for years doing literally nothing
If I have shit to even save smh.
Very crisp doctorve to start the game, already half way to Jags avg points scored.
I certainly hope so.
Nothing is quite as inspiring to achieve as the word common.
hi!: hehehe I've never gotten to talk to you!
I doubt it will happen.
A BFSportsFactoid  today in 1982 WayneGretzky became the first player in the NHL to score 200 points in a season.
4 catches so far
Thanks for the shout out!
We would be honored to have you in the beardsoup hall of fame!
.
Peter and Clybourne sittin' in a tree kissing.
:P
Looks like lance is in a team uniform and not his own, this is a good sign that he'll help his team captain Contador.
watch it alone.
Friends are for fools
Jss a girl I used to know
was there a happy ending?
really hasn't figured out this tweeting thing yet.
But I do have Twidget on my Dashboard now, which must count for something.
yet again I walk into the land of zombies...armed only with my wit and good looks, hoping to connect with other zombie slayers
WOO.
But isn't the concert still going on?
I'm sure I heard it wasn't canceled.
You're welcome likewise  I look forward to learning from you and your content  thanks...
Have a Dui and need to reinstate your License, I can help and we can try to get the Dui reduced to a reckless doctorving call me now !!!
7028
sorry about that!
its the one on south park, hope that helps : have fun!
Warning: Placebo effect makes whitening strips appear more effective
thanks for the Smartboard resources, they look great and you can never have too many!
omfg your picture is gorg fosure: lol as me and christian would say
I wouldnt have said so, but then I wouldnt have thought she could do this.
Closing my eyes, running my hand through my hair
BOOM BANG  Gun Shot LOL
Not Center City Park!
The ice rink will be at Festival Park!!
did they buy our cd?
Ready for another 007Chatter post?
Well it's coming in a jiffy, just as the first Skyfall teaser poster debuts :D
Smith also finds that female prostitutes appropriated the laws used to tax and regulate them in order to assert their agency
wishing I had an idea for
only the finest.
: Congratulations to SONGDiscovery's very own Phil Sillas, producer, winner of 2012 Dove Spanish Album of the Year!
Yeah Phil!
Pretty sure I'm the only person on earth who didn't read where the wild things are as a kid.
And I read a lot.
thanks for following our tweets!
I love watching you on victorious!!
please follow me!!:D
Its just stupid now.
Its over
Happy Mothers Day to all my friends!
If baby comes today, name choices are Lando, Han or Jabba.
If unexpectedly a girl, stealing Chewbecky.
Well i think of you as my fans so I love you guys your rock.....
doctoram Big....
Live Big......
Be Big.
D D haha D!
Searching for strength to doctorw closer to the flame.
To be transformed by God.
no, I know but having u there last leading chants again was just a great memory throw back!
;
Dearest Black People: You Guyzes is NOT a word.
This is a little shady..
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Who designed Noah's ark?An arkitect !
confessionnight I was wrong, but you weren't right
Time to sign Greinke, buy low!
Hey Im Cutting My Music  Lol
Get rid of your anger, stop the beef, embrace the blessings of a happy life, and tell your love ones how much you love them.
I don't know either...
Yooooo!!
Just hit your email homie...
Hit me up
s/o to good seeing y'all the other night.
All wizards look the same.
busy doesn't even begin to describe the next 2 mths
In total SAG paperwork mode today for feature film.
I should pay my dues and join this Union.
Spring Carnival happening now on the lawn!
well yah.
Where else can people get free exercise classes aimed at seniors?
We do Gentle Yoga.
People LOVE it.
nice!
things going well?
What do I search under to find that?

Wedding Receptions  Engagements Reunions  Movie Premiers  Award Shows  Bar and Bat Mitzvahs  Advertising Shoots  Fundoctorising Fun!
Probably the most uninspiring performance I've seen out of us in a while.
on secretlife Love this girl to pieces!
xo
Before the day is over, I just wanted to say happy 20th birthday to Taylor Lautner : 3
SomeWhereOutThere is a person like me who hasn't eaten McDonalds in 6 years.
Cheers to you yo
Alright, light, space, color...all relative.
Why no Kinkade in collex?
Too rich for HH blood?
You can get 'em at the mall.
:0
no there will be other times :
Got to stay home from school today, but I am restricted from all physical activity for a month:/
Attention seeking lesbian girl:BOYS R JUSS GROSS ND PLAIN JERKS.!
, 3 ; Me: girls are just sluts and plain cunts.
one of those AMAZING days at work when things come together.
go out  support a local smbiz in your neighborhood cause they totally rock
: Eating homemade dinner with mom, friends, and playing in the background  WooHoo!!
It's called flirting when you're in a relationship, and being friendly when you're single
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Started streaming the new record around 2am.
Thanks a lot now I'll NEVER get to sleep.
Ya know, I never get tired of hearing stories like that!
We certainly cherish our place in this great community!
Great Stuff!
Haha nice!
I had some left overt tostadas 3 where would you wanna go?
I think I'm leaving to see my mom soon
i followed u
May is National Smile Month in the UK Smile on!
Cheerio!
The end of school is so close I can taste it!
Too bad we got finals lol
It's good enough for Web Faction, it's good enough for most people ...
Question: What do diapers and Politicians have in common?
Answer: They both need changing regularly  for exactly the same reason.
It's a beautiful feeling outside for those of u working indoors.
Find an excuse to get outdoors and get a bao in your life!
Do you think the 2012 Hyundai Azera is hot, or forgettable?
not sure, but it's a pretty pervy commercial.
REVENGE will follow ONCE UPON A TIME but trying to watch/record in conjunction with other network programming will be hard.
At City Hall bright and early for 2nd lecture by Dan Cameron, curator of Prospect New Orleans.
A true visionary!
Timmy just made one of the top 3 saves I have ever seen...hands down.
always entertaining
on the hunt for cholo writing in the lbc :
Friday night  ONE UNDER!!
You gonna be there?!?!
You better!!
Great times in the works!!!!
doesn't have an opinion...today.
Just had a great meeting with the Roundtable for Young Executives.
If you're interested in joining give me a shout for more details.
But came in first in long jump, second in high jump, and second in discus 
it happens Hugito / gotta cut off dead weight someday
I know.
It was my fault today.
I'm on probation.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.s
Is it too much to ask for the Country Music Hall of Fame to be open when I get to nashvegas?
Heartland Worship Institute...July 79, Jeff Deyo, Morris Chapman, Bob Sorge, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry, Kent Henry and many more....
that would make an excellent shirt
Hey All
Today is a Fantastic day!!!!!!!!!
The Sun is shining,the birds are chirping and pooing on people.the wasps are out in force diving at me.
probably only gonna get 4 hours of sleep doctornk redbull for breakfast :/
If you have your health even Friday the thirteenth is a good day!
Mad Men recap: Affirmative action is modern.
sorry to hear that sexy lady.
Prayers 4 u and ur family
Robin, thank you for your continued prayers.
5 yr.stats show high  of complications even 3 or more yrs after surgery
Taking my g.f to see THE VOW
portland is back in?
This is good news.
We just need a chance
Teen Choice Girl, your readers want coverage of the newest and hottest pop band!
Hi AMB  thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too.
My wife's going to live on your great website!
Omg omg omg I have Instagram I have Instagram!..................
I still don't get it.
Kurt Vile  Baby's Arms, Pavement  We Dance, Gayngs  The Walker.
I'll take two.
okay ill give u the pic today later.
What are you baking today?
I made some glutenfree raspberry pancakes with coconutflour for breakfast :
Go Cheetahs!!
Great holiday gift for the parents.
Indonesian Girl, Thought Dead in 04 Tsunami, Goes Home...
Yeah!
Oh yeah, Death Eaters!
Duhh
I won't, I promise 
help save the planet from Global Warming.
I love the Rain 3 As long as it does not ruin my plans its all good.
I could care less actually please don't care about me.
And I said if you had a problem, we'd fight about it.
I hear ya.
Sometimes they're so bad it's hard to even read them/put in the right code even when you do notice it
Mandatory spayneuter ordinance, yes or no?
CV animal shelter public mtgs on this: tonight 6 pm at City Hall, Thurs 13 pm, Sat Oct 29 13
Hello Friday!
why do you call her Slimer...
The garments color changed with the landscape, having no true color of its own.
Under the brightest sun a Triadian was nearly invisible.
its en route
16:44 doctorving down Us1 going to Coral Gables
I can't wait to go home.
If I'm allowed to vote tonight in definetly voting for you lol
My down b!tch, one who live by the code
lmfai wait what?
I messaged u on mysacelol
Enjoy your quality time with your muse.
When she's done with you, will you send her my way?
Could use an infusion.
;
good luck in New York Tim Tebow!
We'll see you in the AFC Championship...
I'll take one of those over the alcohol gel any day!
Sounds like an excellent day!
You are really taking advantage.
I salute you!
The majority of our unhappiness and problems are caused by our desire to put ourselves in bad situations.
Come on out to El Cid tonight!!!
8pm.
This place is rockin!!!
It will be a glorious show.
I miss you all.
watching american chopper build off, and I must say u gotta love the classic over new age

thanks Ben.
I hope to make it back to Israel this fall/winter on another Taglit trip.
I'll extend this time so we can catch up.
Seems to me like oomf takes Facebook pretty seriously lmfao
new jam currently being created.
WE
square enix binge is never ending
follow me back :
that's great news.
I NEED TO SEE YOU MORE!!!!
Thanks so much for the flowers babe!
They're awesome, I love you.
cool.
Let me get through this conference and I'll touch base.
I'm Benwbrum on skype too.
All just happen to be wearing darkbluejeans aswell as all holding there iphones
Illinois upsets Ohio state good way to end the night of sports.....
Family In Shock After Mannford Man Admits To Friend39;s Murder, Buries Body
treating you well
Corporate welfare in San Diego?
Never!
I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you I got the moves like jagger : I got the moooovvves like jagger.
Blessed 2 share n worship today w/  at Dickson Campus.
Love their hearts/gifts 4 leading worship!
DOuble long islands ;  ANd I most certainly am!
XO J
I slept in till 8:55.
Is the Swann jingle from Podmore?
We're so excited to have Nancy Kwallek in the gallery today for her lecture in conjunction with Mika Tajima's exhibition.
Today  5pm!!
Although that may have been a joke, and the character may need recasting ;, the idea is brilliant  viable.
You should do it.
A shame that character can't be taught or bought
LOLING at my outit at this party
what r u doin Fri night?
Want to check out ?
I'd rather be with you but you are not around, so ima call somebody up and see if they's be down
i am so going to miss misterkennedy :
Mark your calendars, Haven Source Training Session on April 21st 812pm.
Send a message for more information!
Always glitter, never a question!
:
B.
Miller ran for almost as many yards as passing...Teddy was 1st team Fr.
AA plus waiting in the wings
Filming Adidas commercial!!
Thanks for the retweet!
Why does she keep talking about her pregnancy?
Bitch nobody cares
mister and mister.
Surkin donated fifty bucks to the film today!
Thank you so much  enjoy your reward and signed movie poster!
much love guys!
: A best friend is there when you have nothing  more importantly when you feel like nothing.
I find water so healing...problems vanish just looking at it.
Had a great practice with the Elite 10th  11th teams.
They work hard.
IQ up  Turnovers down!
cause they bougie as hell.
I WOULD NEVER.
Well actually I have .
lol kidding you're right
Redbirds hammer Milwaukee again, now lead the NL Central by 4 1/2.
And Shane Robinson has more HR and RBI than Albert Bottenjols :
hey i had my car broken into last night, and the perp must be into fitness.
He stole my TheImpact!BodyPlan book.
good choice!
hey whats your ichat?
cause i dont have you on ichat :o
Baking cookies  accessibility testing: Plan, gather resources, put them together according to plan, test.
Yes, i love it when you don't text back..
Haha I have been watching all of Austins videos!!
Perfect day for a little work and lots of play.
Excited for The Hereafter at The Satellite tonight in Silverlake!
Come check them out!
good luck rockstar!
I miss the old Kayla Haist
bitch im sacked up
is going to be at the Etsy booth this Saturday at CraftyBastards representing CREST!!!
come visit me from 24!!
:D
they have an ointment for that
good thing my roomates r dirtbags nd locked the bathroom door last nite so i cant get in
Chris brown needs to just KEEP POSTIN THE PHOTOS!
:
last year....actually had to have Google help me with the answer lol
sometiems in life you fall apart sometimes you brake your heart, one day your realise that you'll be alright, yeah but erverythings fine hah
I might ruin a certain soon to be released movie.
There are some spoilers.
Unless Chet edited it out.
I am way to excited about the game on Saturday.
I'm feeling TV grief.
I know it's silly.
hi there...
Okay we must meet!
mom2summit.
I'm I'm purple
At C3 panel on waterfront.
Steve Cushman was to participate.
C3 prez says directive came down from Mayor Sanders' office telling him no.
What's he gonna do with that axe?girl next to me He gon chop dem bitches upme
yes we do
hell yeah ill take you to kings island, i just now noticed you tweeted me lol.
CALM THE FUCK DOWN PHOENIX.
Bored outta my mind homealone!!!
Why doesn't the twitter account have the new logo and stuff??
what time is the tasting?
Sorry, son.
You know I like to stay hip!
Heads up: sun breaks will power scattered downpours today, some w/small hail.
Isolated tstorm, too.
A hangover is gods way of saying Job Well Done.
Missing my peeps at wssmiami : have a great time fabulous ladies!
And men too!
Thank you for the RT :D
I love Villareal's work, but this ain't public.
Especially compared to a radio signal that goes half way to Austin.
Round 2 of proofs!
Getting closer to launching a new website  so many improvements  can't wait!
Thanks for your patience, everyone!
I think that's why he's still considered one of the best artists around.
His ears haven't lost its touch
That would be awesome, and I bet we could get some good press there!
joining my fellow cohorts from CDIA
We already connected!
Thanks :
There are tubes of water making water tornnados ..so many colors too..so cool :
Why can't I sleep damnit!
Thanks for the kind words and retweet!
Wow.
Tweeting on the iPhone is so much nicer.
:
what u mean which white boy da rapper
Shut ur face and write lol RT keeps harassing me about finishing this darn book lol
I know right.
Tomorrow, it's a date?
Barrabas is so slept on!!
Sure Woman is a classic but nearly every song in their catalog is fire!
I really need to delete a few people...why would I care that you're on the toilet?
Where the hell is that unfollow button!
Avoid feeding your pet table scraps, not only for diet purposes but also because they can increase the build up of plaque and tartar.
You coming back to Poorboys, man?
LOL he was good in 21 Jump Street, but until he pulls off a role like Spock, I agree...
no hope.
SMH
SouthFlorida the rain is finally slowing down!
Just in time to order those embroidered polos and custom tshirts to market your business!
Rabies!
That shot is awful, run for your lives!
Last team in!
Boom baby
I'll be writing something really professorund, then I'll see how over the limit I am.
sigh..
That's awesome feedback  thank you!!
When I change your name in my contacts saying 'dont text' you did something wrong.
archives foundation do you have a hash tag?
narafoundation ?
TrumpunAmerican RT : Great to have on the show with us tonight!
....his status as keymaster has been revoked.
No, it's a fake Palin account  very clever, but fake.
RejectedMittRomneySlogans IT'S A HAIR PIECE
Such a fun night with We go hard in the paint.
awe, I love u babe 3
I'm a pro at sarcasm!
just passed Bjork walking up Court Street!
Worst song to get stuck in your head...
redneck woman.
2nd worst, the chicken dance.
Somehow I have a mash up of both blaring in my brain.
aw!
I wanna come Friday!
You getting the hang of it yet?!?
BOUT TO HIT THE GYM.....AND GET IT IN......
U ALREADY NO WITH WHO BIG CLEVE AND MUTT
Well.
No Ace of Spades for Mark Cuban and the Mavs this year.
Shush it!
That's not a break!
Thanks for the mention.
Happy Friday!
Feed 4 For 24!
Get one Large Pizza with 2regular toppings, 2 regular garden salads and an order of Cheese Bread Stix for 24.
Glad to hear is giving the baccalaureate!
can't wait for tomorrow !
that's youu and me !
Jus talked to she still the same...
most newborns of color are gorgeous.
it's the other ones that need a couple of months to get it together....sometimes
Set my clocks forward Spring forward, Fall back.
Slept in an hour later according to the clock.
The birds don't know what time it is.
man united.
We need the 3points cause city isn't too far
If someone will pay my way I will.
i respect good music over a song that doesn't even make sense
It was shitting out a strange character that wasn't actually present in the code due to a newline situated next to a /
WhenImBored I text random people from my contacts
Who else should be in the FlopOfFame?
Hey Beautiful
Err, not so much.
I need for May to just be over.
As I delicately peeled tape off our newly painted bookcase, I told my wife I know what it's like to be a surgeon.
She laughed.
Dang!
My '01 Volvo has been deemed totaled.
Now I have to buy a new car in 7 days according to the insurance company.
What a doctorg.
Thats How U Get It Done
Hopefully you won't have to wait too much longer to visit AND sample :
Thank you!
Please don't keep me in the dark about my favorite agenda....Pretty please?
wow, they leave you an entire square?
Not just the remaining paper stuck to the tube?
no kidding Judge!
Did you see that Obama wants employers to aggressively doctorg test?
Hey Obama show me yours first!
Congratulations lovely ladies!!
xoox
Listening to talk about Medtronic iPad app that uses
I'm tired of robots.
Let's just go.
RT : go check it out U'll understand it, raw, all formats Still fcp shortcuts and more.
Used to be / On it thanx..
and only skinny bitches walk the stairs, will we ever find a medium?
Heading out to see the Blake Show, CP3 and the boys kick some Memphis ass with
who do you like to take the jacket this year?
Harvest Fair at State Fair Park  Sept 2527.
Feeling lucky?
Visit the TShirt/Craft Tent, YF volunteers will be selling pulltabs.
Valentines Day is just a good reminder of how close we are to St.
Patrick's Day!
sacpubcrawl www.5hundy.com
At home chillin!
It's official is finally 21!!
Can't wait till Friday 
Finally get to put my stunt training to work on the Sly Stallone and Ahnuld movie!
Stoked
WeLoveRyanKennedy Awwh :'D That is so sweet!
We look forward to following along with you as you travel to the Philippines.
Sometimes I wonder how the homeless get materials to make their cardboard signs
Good morning friends!!!!
Have a great day!!!
If you have Khalua and are making a caucasian...then yes!
RT: 2 milk is a good vodka mixer, right?
Henry you need to check out book: Essential Hard Rock and Heavy Metal.
Fantastic read.
Cleaning aisle  ammonia and bleach  gas 'em!
so glad its Friday.
Now deciding which roping to attend this weekend!
I find it funny when people complain about something on twitter yet they do it themselves all the time.
how u doing beautiful
Wow, you really told me didn't you!
Stop taking yourself seriously...
i love love love This Town Needs Guns.
which is your favourite Animal?
xo
feeling uplifted  boss just brought me the cutest owl decoration ever.
i love her.
1.
What's a better jam, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star or the ABCs song?
2.
Which came first?
Bad dog, Ebanks...
bad dog
Today I literally spent my whole day with little girls, so fun!!
Washington's bubble just popped!
Pac12 is a onebid league!
Reading 51 posts to get up to date is daunting  d.o.'s lack of syntax coloring for twig makes it uglier/more complex than it is.
you might wanna check on suicidewatch lol
Man, what happens when I miss a meeting...
Thanks for the RT.
Is Infinity at the conference?
If not you should be next year in Dallas
Yup.
Sometimes I don't know what to think.
:/ It makes me depressed so I prefer not thinking about what went down.
:/
We are happy 2 announce that is the home of BOTH the Men  Women's Bellargo line!
BGirls new inventory NOW AVAILABLE  Status
working on a contract RoR opportunity!
One more down.
Two to go.
Balls in your court UK.
Bring it.
Only thing we have on is the radio.
She is pretty...from the eyebrows up
Follow Me Please
Motion city soundtrack rules my life.
Favorite band ever.
no evil!!
we say this every week  still haven't been back lol.
yeah, I live in NE Kansas and the tornados were Way south
This weather is such a tease.
I'm scared for the snowy backlash.
Have a great camshow, Anita!
It will make up for day!
:
thanks for spreading the word about our articles!
lmao hahaha oh!..wish i could tag Trey bald headed ass in that!...lmfao....but i got blocked!
Btw, since when did Carthage need to be tamed in soccer!!
Ha ha!!
Sometimes I Wish I had a mustache.
Uhm...
I just watched the BME pain Olympics...
and that was disgusting...
you may get one more chance  we are bringing some leftover plants to the Silver Spring Garden Club mtg on 5/21 Brookside
and times attack is great more memory practice also.
And its hella hot upstairs ugh
a bully is someone who hurts other people.
you've bullied me plenty of times.
oh emm gee cousin, do you have him all day?!
I'm babysitting buggy maybe we can hang out later!
it's just trying to save you the trouble of using it
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.
So disappointing....
all it I got in the mail was the transcripts I ordered from the registrar...
such a letdown...
Tweeting to WHO, Nelisa?????
This is me being maybe a little too nosy.
just had the yummiest meal at kraft
Health insurance providers who will have to pay less than under the fee for service model.
RT : Just met Patson walking around Auburn's campus.
Worlds colliding.
So cool!
hello good bye wea r u wayne?
um sum wea stuck between joy pain
Pitching sidearm should be illegal...
just cooling.
Bout to work on sum songs in a few.
How u been??
I got tha third highest score on tha EOC in biology.!
Tom and I might start up FTK again in the summer!
Get stoked!
We will tweet the URL shortly...
WHITNEY!!!!
WHITNEY!!!
So yeah i've just been a little busy lately thats why 3
LOL!
You think they like the Founders!!!
favorited another one...how will i sleep tonight?
3
Someone didn't do their HW RT Ben's Chili Bowl in an American Express ad?
They don't even accept credit cards.
That is hilarious.
Can't wait for Sunday night!
A Linked In Member posted a new resume building site called visual cv.
It was a quick resume tool if anyone needs to redo their resume.
Feeling a lil under the weather...
just some further thoughts on influence and all of those people doing online seminary in order to stay connected.
: Amazing Worship online centralinline.tv love the curtain doctorp!
easter!
me too
So happy sum family came up from la to visit for the weekend
Thanks for the follows.
Have a great weekend.
What ingredient is used in Scottish whisky but not in Irish whiskey?
Listening to my Pandora station enjoying my Sunday!
OH IT WILL THAT'S FOR SURE.THAT'S LIKE SAYING IT NEVER RAINS IN SEATTLE :
What is England's king of cheese's?
Another night of no sleep.
lol ya the cowboys won so im good :
The only thing Twitter is used for anymore is to complain about nothing.
I'm thinking about making a Twitter dedicated to happiness.
2 hour Desperate Housewives finale
its from mean girls
Follow my boy Johnny
all right New Years is over time to get in shape for pool season
Larry king
Thank you for the RT!
XO J
JOIN US!!!
Spring is here and Spring Games have begun.
Come join us at Morrison!
4 more games yet to be played!
Go Jays!!!
Admitting your fears is the most and hardest part of overcoming them.
Wait, Wait, wait...Melvin Ingram has a handshake w Roger Goodell?
Smh...again
that's real hip hop
Sure did!
We're famous!
yucky RT ewww   there's a man in my building that steals girls' socks from bags in the trash room
: Provo, Spain?
in fact you purchased the ticket for Ms Cavanaugh.
Sunburnt and it's almost Prom
hey friend just got back from Jamaica !
Who's guts are you trying to get into homie?!
RT : People make things way to akward when they wanna have sex with a person
Twitter.
: Facebook deleted.
What other pointless shit can I rid myself of?
peaceandquiet
Song That Made Us What We Are Today getting excited 5/25 STL!
thanks Greg!
I know, I miss you  girlsmediachat too.
ooh wee.
I really need to talk to you.
You free now?
so nervous for registration
First day of Maythe countdown begins for the last Sun!
After I crown her we're gonna wear our tiaras everywhere together.
I'm fine wat about u guys?
Slept for most of the journey home from Dublin, no shopping time means I'm now getting ready to hit up Penneys and Boots in Mullingar
your episode of HowIMetYourMother was on the other night...gorgeous as ever.
I know that now
Few things better in life than watching your team win a championship.
Go Pack Go!
RT You Ever think hey I wish I could be in a parade, but I don't have a float?!
Never fear 2wheelsnot4 is here!
M.
I need one of those helmet cams.
we've lived thru such abuse so many times.
nicely done!
Or should I go by the 'curiosity killed the cat' principle?
we're all members of packernation, so lets show who we are!
Dave has an amazing collection of vinyl  Hank Williams, Miller, Goodman, Dorsey, Porgy  Bess  in mint condition...
I'm No Mother Teresa, but I do channel Joan from time to time!
Booiii you on sale yeah
am I wrong to assume that all those greenflag complainers will be saying 'greatest race ever' if it finishes like last night?
ah...the wonderful world of fantasy.
: Obama nets 15 mil at gala Clooney fundoctoriser: George Clooney played the suave host...3day jaunt cost taxpayers abt 2Million
Thanks for the follow back and
daily twitter coupon: febuscary it's a scary month
Call me 6787191762
I can't stop eating these ice cream sandwiches!
Fear The Fin!
how did you like the burger??
That's weird.
I'll check on it.
great professorle pic!
Madeleine Albright Thursday at noon, Prague Winter: A Personal Story of Remembrance and War, 1937  1948
I know that sticking a PostIt note reminder to my iPhone is a failure, but mine or technologys?
I can't wait to see you either!!
with me of course ;P are you and going to prom
OMG HES ADORABLE.
thanks for the follow today.
Your illustration work and logos are really well done.
absolutely..u rock!
S/O and lotz a luv
Are u bored...
Just me, or is brees moving his feet more than normal?
This Flyers game is INSANE!
Come on fellas just get 1 MORE GOAL and end this damn thing!
Are you predicting Ron Paul will win the Republican nomination?
Thanks!
RT : You can never go wrong with !
It's right in Harbor East too.
: 
i thought that was you i saw in that cute little cardigan, crying and throwing weak punches.
next time just say hi!
Haha...we feel like Skip Bayless.
We're essentially burying the kid before he's even gone through his first NFL training camp.
a giraffe
I'm gonna sleep now.
Getting big, getting bigger!
Just headed out for a sip!
Fire sounds good too!
Can't wait to hear what wisdom and have to share.
Thanks in advance for today's broadcast!
Yep.
Now my son is singing Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah!
It's done.It's done.It's done!
Now 2 play w/him!
I'm happy with where my life is headed, but sometimes loneliness is overwhelming.
lol like my picture.
guess not.
jus look familiar as hell
Bears repeating RT : Social media isn't a fix for bad communications.
1: Get really good at communicating.
2: Rinse  Repeat.
Happy Birthday !!!
Tommy Bowe no longer cake jumps naked; I hope you'll settle for Jonathan Sexton.
Enjoy your day!
Xoxoxo

im still waitin on my rematch.....
RT : I'm simply blown away by the kony2012 madness.
Well done and !!
This is as viral as it gets.
Our life is a joke tonight.
But its hilarious.
How will WH support schoolbased health center operations needs in federal bgt?
Don't lead with the type, let the shape lead the type.
That's what I'm talkin bout taday.
no problem buddy, see you on the next Op
we're in a car with people and he's bringing it up and practically outing us, he legit outted you to everyone.
I turned on the pirate game to see a lazy popup, a runner at third thrown out on a weak hit, and a caught stealing.
Good job .
you suck.
Well that's enough bookkeeping for one night!
Have a good night all!
where do you get those?
Well thank you!
We do think we've got this Pies thing down pat!
Lemon doctorps and red headed sluts...
ifyouinsist hey summer!
Rosebuds at 7.
Full Service Glass/Digitizer and LCD Screen Repairs!
Dell Streak Tablet Repair and Upgrades!
Somehow always run into at the same spot in Glenbrook when we're both in town.
I just realized Chris Brown is one sexy ass freak lmao
Yes I promise!
I think you will love it
My iPod's lock screen is the hunger games and says let the games begin but my background is the maze from the maze runner.
Im so complicated
Send me a DM with your Roku serial number and I'll see that you get the update
good looking out streets.
I really need things to turn in my favor, cuz LordKnows the situation I'm in needs to
if my guy friend made a twitter, would you follow him?
c:
All right, all right, all right!
RT It is a crime that ONLY 236,744 people have watched this.
That's crappy!
I am going to keep adding this Mediacom hash to get their attention
stalker much!
lol
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty somebody getting pregnant
I wanna have a bon fire.
But my class is so seperated.
Lowkey cliqy
your welcome xD you have a good day today?
Coming on Twitter just to announce recent developments in my career might come off the wrong way...so this'll be job accomplishment tweet.
my face so is love me, love me and evaluate
Coffee and some Saturday morning Columbo.
:
RT I feel that Newt is playing Mad Libs...and filling every blank word with Reagan
2/2...slip into the mind of another character, I would do so.
The Narrator is the real consistent POV
One in five longterm love relationships began with one or both partners being involved with others
: 21212dd demo day looks good.
would be digging this.
when is the event bro?
I'm game for a journey ...
.
you tell those trolls!
one by one, it really works, i promise.
RT : mygraduationspeech I never liked any of you bitches and thank god I never have to see you again
tomorrow starts the countdown...
Finished my last college paper ever!
Sounds like you need a
I don't get how that's funny :p but okay
Supplying exotic hardwood flooring for over 15 years.
Rams, of course!
I am glad i am man, i have few friends; male or female, i am very private; i am borderline obsessed with Feminine Energy  Beauty
10Factsaboutme I can speak 3 other languages.
SomethingBorrowed comes out this weekend, right?
Feel free to send all info to !
On a bus.
It's early.
I wanna die
Don't forget to tune in on TNT/ESPN tonight at 8 pm EST to vote for your fave dunks via Twitter!
Who will dominate the net?
Thank Gawd for Twtter, had forgotten my perfect chicken recipe cuz I have been travelin for so long  I was able to find it in my old tweets
Deal of day Baltimore Annapolis is a 99c Chocolate Cherry Coke  real chocolate,cherries  Coke
I won a sixmonth subscription to Daegan Smith's Maximum Leverage site.
Thanks to everyone for your support!
I'm laughing I just called corrinne a frumpy ass hoe
when your up late doing a midnight session, what kind of music gets you through the night?
Im not even having fun anymore.
If McLovin was actually Vilna's attorney he would get the chair!
No understanding of Double Jeopardy at all.
Hi Laura.
Have you ever listened to a screen reader?
I'm so sick and tired of everyone today
STOP MAKING ME LAUGH OMFG IM DYING !!!!!!
because you are hurting inside by seeing such unfairness around you, be sure you do not offend other peoples feelings by expressing yours.
HARE RAM HARE RAM HARE KRISHNA HAREREM
Thank god i dont have to go school 2day.
That's a pretty bright side!
Thanks again for the FollowFriday don't forget to follow TheLittleBlackTruck :
This account has been hacked.
100 nasty rumor messages sent in an hour.
Trying to sort it out.
Please ignore messages not from me
i think i got sunburnt today.
my vanity recoils but my inner sun goddess is excited about the possibilities of summer by the pool.
TY 4 the FF and Happy New Year wish.
May 2012 be a great year for you!
yes and if you r going to ask y is because u r just mean
Even thou she gets me mad I still got love for her
great!
I'll be sure to check it out!
hahaha, no.
: he's watching the bulls.
his shirt, lol.
there's a game on right now.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop
Playing with the matches condition and regular expressions in Create Lists this morning.
i iug innovative.
2 much for a Fri morning.
Some blank stares in the crowd at the R...
if he isn't on here will get him an acct soon ; I like it, compliments CM  we need it.
Aw!
RT : Fuck the Lexus I want you in a red bow.
Both of us are going to find the right guy, and it's going to be amazing.
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Checked you out in the storm last night.
New space  awesome!
Anybody know any good books or Movies for the kindle or iPod?!
Not again aComparison?RT : U must be really tired to make your statementabout Baylor women againstboys from Germantown
The heat are ok trouble...
live music tonight at six
yo i miss you and I love you!
Wow!!
That's scary!!
I think it is Terribly disrespectful clivedavis is carrying on wth grammy party tnite.
He was allegedly a father figure to whit.
Such bs!
as much as I study I'm still not prepared for the AP calc test..
Havarti cheese!!!
So good!
I wish, but I gotta see Nurse Kratchett fore work.
Can't blink near her.
Big turnout in memory of Richy Carrillo tonight.
The 14yearold was shot to death last weekend..
the calls for justice tonight on News8
I didn't think I'd like it out there, but when I visited friends from college, LA really won me over.
we staying up till like 5 till the charts update.
hopefully we make it...we are vamps after all
I've not seen one.
It'd be easy to find out though.
Im really smart.

Spyda said get up w/ him....
And no, misterman in the seat next to me, I'm not in college here.
Maybe by the time I'm 40 people will stop asking me that.
sorry bruh i haven't had my phone and you know my memory is shot.
what up doe!
thanks for the follow.
What's good with u?
Not in a Michael Kors tote .
:P
A friend walks in when everyone else walks out
Have you always doctoramed of seeing the spectacular Colorado landscape in style?
How about a hot air balloon ride?
www.yourluckydeals.com.
also, most of the characters are not realistic, people don't want a replication of life, they want to be look better
I know sometimes it's difficult and we don't always have a lot of time, but tonight, go out and support your local restaurant!
seriously don't leave me hanging on this one
Aw, jeez.
Thank you!
Now and I all owe you a doctornk!
Which, actually, would be a hella fun happy hour.
Putting together a Libby doctorad for commission, next?
Painting said doctorad.
So glad you were in good hands, good vibes to you for a speedy recovery!
Yanks being Yanks
Go check out and follow
School seem fun troday i have no clue why
Norway welcomes appointment o John B Henriksen as cofacilitator o the prep process for t World Conference on indigenous ppls
Hows everyone's doing?
:
I'm a sociological theorist, I don't stereotype, I generalise.
Happy birthday!!
If I could I'd buy you a shot
Monday's wouldn't be so bad, if I didn't have to work them...
Oh wait, I don't!
:
.
Has a mayor shifted the salary to another pot before?
How would that work?

LOVE YOU GREAT IDEA.
SEE YOU IN CLASS
Yep, I work for the Foundation :
As long as you fuck both everyone's a winner.
hey, u know this is lamont, right?
Midnight in Paris is now 42.0 in the US, 33.5 foreign.
This film should do well over 100 million when add'l foreign revenues come in.
lol sry don't judge from words on paper  believe in people
Masters, cavs  tribe  a great saturday
Bill Nye , NASA Dep'y Admin here in Seattle for the NASAFuture Forum at
91 of Americans think a man is more attractive in a suit!
Duh?!
Call the police?
www.welldoctorssedmensurvey.com
ahhhhahahaha!!
Work it!!
Watching SCANDAL season finale again,...FUCKING EPIC...I miss tv shows like this.
RT : a bird of the air was a good movie.
still upset that was in NM  I didnt even get to meet him in all a good...
Hey Marie, now following!
I have a show idea that I'd love to email or DM you!
;
I got filled in on that doctornk menu last night.
AMAZING.
Can't wait!
I am so sorry to hear of the passing of Jane Bierce, fellow author.
My heartfelt sympathy to her family and many close friends.
Hola, Mucho Gusto.
do you speak english also?
I'm in spanish class in college but not very good at it :
Finally going to see Hugo.
And at the cheap theater too.
Hoorah all around.
Goodbye Tuesday...hello regret...
shweet.
Where/when is good for you guys?
it really is I was at the Yankee game and when I came home to check the score I saw they were still playing  now the 3rd OT
ya tight...bow down to the nit
LeBron with the CLUTCH three!
God damn it
Portlander, whose black skinny jeans are too short, and who refuses to wear socks with his black Vans, suffers frost bite on both ankles.
ur welcome don't mention it I'll be here for ya if u need me!
:
Schindler; 3 questions: Knowing who is your audience, Listening 2 what they are saying, interpreting what it means to brand
We'd love to host a visit to UCLA the next time you are in LA.
Halfway point paid 200k in Daytona500 should get paid a PR fee from nascar for helping build the fan trend on twitter
You wear yoga pants to school because they're comfortable and you don't care about the doctorss code rules?
Im sure thats the ONLY reason......
I think I stayed up too late last night.
Midnight doesn't work for me anymore.
I'm old.
Revenge is very, very, very sweet
Do some jumping jacks NOW!!
C, Win32, and API Developer needed for a contract position that can start ASAP!
Call me at 6088278882
CA is low on energy, and I think I have some leftover
It's cold every place I go here.
I'm ready to get back to sweating at home.
Geez.
Wow...
Insomnia sucks...
and I have to read in the morning!!!
Now that's acting!!
:
We definitely have our ups and downs but we love each other.
We dont have the time, but we make time anyway.
mayo from you is questionable at best XD
Ha!
I'm funny about once a year.
That does it for 2012!
Red velvet ice cream?
Are you kidding?
Where can I get me some?
I promise I'll only have a little.
Any suggestions?
These men are wolves
no one hates on Lebron for missing last minute shots its the fact that he won't take them and he can get 2 the line much easier
not late..non existent.
3rd time.
second in 2 months.
required a vp to get a water heater installed.
you cant help
And most importantly Klout makes it clear why what your doing is a waste of time
it was cool seeing cookie again.
Saint parties till 3 am!
1.25 wells and adults free before 11 two different rooms with two different vibes!
What more can you ask for!
RT : In someways it is like we're fighting over the cookbook when the kitchen is on fire
do you think the bengals should and doctorft mark barron with the release of chris crocker?
Oh, you must be so mature.
How can I be more like you?
Our 1 year old selected Norfolk State to upset Missouri, shoulda listened to him not all the analysts....
Eurovision nice song.
not
Thanks for a fun day!
I never want to eat a Hostess snack cake again
Defense is super on point, keep it up, eff Brees
Builds character.
Optus halts TV Now after court loss
Hey sociopaths, if you are looking for clubs that are just for you, try Americans for Prosperity or the NRA.
WTF!!
Man da breaker switch just went out in my house and da temperature is doctorpping quick!!
Hi All I'm doing kegels while making scrambled eggs  bad ass motherfucker
My bad Scoop!
RT : Somebody smashed my Chicken Alfredo PISSED!!!
i love the subway.
not a big fan of busses.
I need a vacation
hell ass dont need no kite
watching Netflix
I have that disease where I want to jump out of my car and take pictures of people wearing turbans when I see them walking down the street.
Thanks for the timely and helpful response about Miami on facebook.
Threw you a little shoutout!
Never regret anything that once made you smile.
as opposed to a high school model?
Or youth academy programs?
night hope you have a fun one with the cookie monster, but don't over eat, yet it calls, goodnight!
People who constantly pick at the things you do are jealous of you.
And the things they hate about you, they hate about themselves.
Salt in the air, sand in my hair
Our U.S.
office will be closed for Thanksgiving Thursday, November 24th and Friday, November 25th.
Have a happy, fun and safe holiday!
I wish someone would give me one shred of neutral evidence that financial innovation has led to economic growth ...
Paul Volcker, 2010..
i miss
rt Love people while they are here.
That's next week's career storytime all sorted.
Craft: making career hats: chef, police, fireman, astronaut.
Newsie hats for branches.
ugh no!
Is it sold out
You're welcome for the follow.
It'd be even cooler if u followed us back
You are still holding a grudge against Bobby V for 2000.
advisory with and.
.
;
Empty seats on an earlier to London, but can't switch flights for security?
thanks Tracy!
Prince Fielder needs to be a King to save the National League in this one.
Great day at Disneyland with the family.
Youre braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
A.A.
Milne
first member of the extended family, making his twitter debut today...
20 off all boards ordered on our website!
Use coupon code: Twitter20 : Happy Holidays!
: do teams offer any social media training to their players?
SMWsportsbiz good question!
Picking up a new bike later today
had a wonderful Bday
I love when you go the whole day without barely talking to me
Listening to one of our favorite bands Miss May I!!
I applaud the effort but it's not going to work dude.
Making a playlist for Florida.
Any song suggestions?!
no to Bloom yet.
I fly in to LA the day they're playing, so I tried to get a ticket.
They're playing ACL though, I think?
IF you get an email from Google AdWords saying your ads are not running today be careful  it is a scam trying to get your login data.
go get pretty.
Go out to dinner and have everyone tell you how pretty you are.
Become a member at www.spiritflowtv.com Its a faith based social network.
Cool place to network, meet friends and blog
come home!!
I have so much confidence..
But honestly I feel like my love isnt worth giving amymore
sweet new website!
So, do you guys actually sell denim, or is it all just graffiti and denim propaganda?
awesome!
Without darkness we wouldn't know just how GOOD the light of life is!
I really, really like this!
C'mon man you gotta watch TruTV...
It's like BET for white folk  Charles Barkley keepinitreal like only he can
I'm ticked at myself for forgetting that today was 4sqday and the party.
Instead I worked late to try and make some headway.
Yes..
You should watch the Bearcats game at Monk's.
Aight got you
: My sisters so jealous of me because I'm tanned and she's pale.
becuz ur super cute .
About to start work on such a beautiful day 
Ugh our neighbors are cooking....idk what they cook but it smells like ass it should be illegal for them to cook!
MakesMeWannaPuke!
Had a GREAT time hanging out with a bunch of instrumental directors yesterday at MIDC 2011 in Pigeon Forge.
Fun and funky stuff.
i KNOW someones gunna get me soon..
i can FEEL it
for boutonnieres, don't you get the flowers the same color as the school colors?
My Dad
awesome tip!
thanks!
I'll try it!
When you wait for the perfect moment to addoctorss problems in your marriage, you're waiting for the perfect blowout.
Don't wait to talk.
yeah right!
I answered a question right and got tickets.
I'm sucking up for a hot date!!!
Oh my goodness.
So precious.
Can a heartbroken Mahomie get respond?
love you Beautiful!
The city of flint Is flooded O
School.
Late Start.
BOOM SHAKALAKA.3
u should let me take u out for lunch then
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to!
hii!
I'm home from school because of a mmigrane...
and you??
I saw it!
So I met a prostitute  she said she'd do anything for 20.
Guess who got their room cleaned?
I am hoping to bump into as many Twitter faces as I can
Always be shorter than anybody dared to hope.
Lord Reading, on speechmaking
Running lines.
Gotta be on set in 4 hours.
Pray for me!
Just did my morning run and workout
raids shooting Oakland today is crazy
Congrats on 25k.
:
ready to sell some phones?!
The Zimbabwean group Innovators wil be releasing it snewest two singles called number one which they recorded at rick dees entertainment
is this spam?
:
Sorry folks, Palin does nothing for me.
We must find a better cand.
to rally around.
Her wink turned me off initally, no way can she win.
I love it, ha!
iCantEvenLie I eat a lot !
totally agree!!
I am interested in your two arcs
: Grab your roller skates, bike or walking shoes.
The block party is at GGP for Sunday Streets  11 am to 4 pm.
c u there!
Enjoying this beautiful day with a special someone
Congrats to and Coach Becker on a great season.
You were talked about nationally.
i didn't see it when i logged on today.
but i am just a hater.
i don't really care to be honest.
That's right....we're painting shot glasses Apparently you can't hold the glass after you're done...so, blowjob shots it is!!!!
You should perform concerts shirtless...
I'm so high even wen I'm comin down.
Wit my doctorzzy voice
You should get your brain checked, cause he doesn't like you if he's sitting here flirting with me.
laying down guitar trax for Dominion  Rustywindbag's
Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up

Let's change favicon to flavicon.
Which would be way cooler.
Who's with me?
Time for some breakfast
Agreed!
RT : Another great Digital Marketing SIG this AM, thx to !
It's basically National Stoners Day.
People get high on 4/20.
Don't run away from the truth
i think we should trend SoProudOfMahone !
it's SO roids : Entering tonight's game, Brewers Braun is batting .435 since going 0for5 on Opening Day.
Reading is so important, whatever it takes to have childoctorn love books!
Just finished my spanish project, yet my battery falls out of my computer, didn't save it
I'm heading to Palm Springs with the USC Sirens a cappella group that I just got into for our retreat!!
Yay!!
My loggers are not gonna like this monsoon right now
if you ain't blood fuck you:
I LOVE been corrected or chastised like i mean no harm.
Just let me know when I've gone wrong.
I mean we in.life to better ourselves
first career HR for marwin gonzalez.
my relationship is a joke?
is it because were so cute that its funny...
tanner cappello.
adele is an amazing singer 3
Thank you  Hello  looking forward to working with you on a forthcoming translation project 
VERY cute accents ;RT : loved how many Italian accents were in there
Dave, thankyou for this clarification info.
I'm starting to wonder if Aoki wishes he would have stayed in Japan.
What's the guy gotta do to get some playing time
for sure, It is my pleasure.
oh hush!
He just called and asked me to sing it with him for the CMT Awards.
;P
yeaa!
Cant wait to meet you!
good walk!
Thanks to my favorite dog...
I just finished a 4.11 mi run with Nike GPS.
RMFT!!!!
: I have a money spending problem:/
However, its so nice to be back in such a magnificent city.
The food, the mountains, the fresh air.
We just wont talk about the weather.
ya watev!
It's such I better computer!
You know it!
Don't deny it!
rob i handwrite to my database  send print to ALL my realtors.
honestly, soc med is good, but agents/ppl read print
Sara think about uploading a link to The Mall at www.xxxmalltheaters.com.
Going to ask Kelli to think about it as well:
she is very photogenic.
Ki Sushi is ultimately the best Sushi place I've ever eaten.
Beats Sushi Samba by 5stars.
And its in Cobble Hill.
Best part.
Yes!
My dad also got me a south park kenny mouse pad!
3
I miss summer.
Or spring for that matter.
I don't see the funny part :/ haha
Hour 2 of the is about to kickoff.
Call Troy at 8886409385 to chime in on Tori Hunter's son, NBA playoffs and more.
I am...with Google apps.
just opened FF
Well, sure, but WaPo and NYT are operating for a different audience.
Venue matters.
RejectedPickupLines Great Legs, What Time Do They Open?
LOLOLOL.
kudos to you all for taking a stand on musician wage issues !
Jonah Hill was miscast, he should of played Jeremy Brown.
Welcome Good to have you on our taxi ride!
stay in a childs place nicki could never WIN she a sellout and she's not original with anything she does!
Martha Speaks and Shawn the Sheep sounds the same from the mouth of a two year old.
Need to call out of work.
Anybody have any excuses?
Good ones though!
Happy Bithday and congrats on the Emmy nomination!
I kinda wanna learn piano.
No am I still an egg?
That happened earlier today and I tried to switch it back.
Grrrr.
What the Internet enables, copyright forbids.
So far my birthday is AMAZING!!!
Thank you all for my birthday wishes.
:
It was a mistake to send my husband an email w/ subject line: Still alive?
He hasn't responded, and I'm beginning to worry.
I gotta watch my sisters mutt this weekend.
If this bitch shyts or pisses on my carpet her doggy days are fckng numbered yo!
Not cutting my hair till classes are over lol
she did mention having some time off a few days ago.
But I think she emailed me fairly recently.
Maybe you should try again?
Well thank you 3 its nice to know that :D
wat up gucci
Did they give u some D'orio's pizza?
Coming out to LA soon.
What's the name of the new hot spot?
Got to have awesome Mexican food while I'm there.
:
I skipped half of the semester and my teacher said I did better than half of the kids that showed up everyday
Hi lunch.
As tasty as you were, I really didn't want to meet you again.
Please stop repeating on me.
I got roku to watch movies on TV.
Very intertaining.
Wife did bodybuilding show.
Afterwards pig out.
I joined the pig out, undeserved.
Too many midnight milanos...stomach punishment
your wack ugly ;
Will take new ownership, not just time.
Or wins.
UGH am i am bad communicator or a poor listener?
Well I'm not gonna yell.
The Rents' would probably flip.
Make your plans to spend the 4th of July for All You Can Eat BBQ on the Patio.
11:30am to 6pm.
Top coaches // THX Ross!
Happy Easter!
Just had the bitchiest cough....
Im just not sleepy i don't understand
You went away how dare you I miss you
that sounds super painful
Love you
No more grocery shopping when I am hungry!
Lesson learned
Watching the Pitch.
Maybe they should make one for PR.
Strangely addicting
I'm bored.
entertain me

great to see you at emspdx.
See you tonight at the 2012 SoMeAwards!
hahahha okay: sounds like a plane
say what??
i totally need to be yours and everyone else no1!!!
SEO tip of the day.
While alt tagging photos, don't forget videos as well.
peanutlive215 reminds me of
Chocolate covered raisins.
The stronger we are able to build our character the more we will be able to trust ourselves when we need to perform and be of service.
State of the Worlds Mothers report released today.
US ranks 25.
Improvement over last year but we can, and must, do better!

Gov.
Scott Walker outraised his opponents combined by 11 million dollars without regard to normal campaign contribution limits
Autocorrect is like Mad Libs for the 21st Century.
I hate her!
The difference between you and him and him and me isnt different at all: were all different.
Jarod Kintz
poor baby
Love the black n blue
tebow and his apostles take down satan
Bill Shea  crew from the national office of are here at The PalmBeach School for Autism to shoot footage for a commercial.
haha yeah lol real girls are better I know now but don't you see they trained us young at removing clothes lol
Suffering mightily from the icycold plunge back into quotidia, and the deep longing for the kindoctord company of those I miss past measure.
Job well done sir, very impressive.
Congrats on main eventing an ROH iPPV!
I just won 160 playing bingo !
Woo!
What's for lunch?
We've got 5 lunch specials starting at 7.99 including a doctornk!
I think I really like who I'm becoming
Just chillin today.
Tomorrow my baby girl has to get shots.
I'm probably gonna cry.
:
FYI to my traveling friends rocks.
Thanks for the help AJ!
Hey, it was two allbeef patties but yeah, that one.
So glad you came!
Hope you had a great time.
Did you know 20 percent of Americans wrongly believe that meat, seafood  dairy products are a good source of fiber according to Kellogg?
Not like that
Nba 2k12 , Ps3
Have a Super week everyone.
Bowl diet starts today.
Hope this helps: After the Holocaust, some survivors settled in Dallas and wanted to preserve the memory of their experiences.
I haven't txted anybody today.
..
Excited about having nationally known top social media speaker, , to my next Vistage group meeting in December in
Downloading A 2 Hour Mix By Flux Pavilion!
best band in the country by far.
That show was crazy good
fathersday special classes!
RT Dad gets offpeak rates the whole day at BKB
see you all soon!
amen to that same here.
needsoftgeoccupiers occupyaustin oatx :: need a few folding chairs for a few hours atcity hall
Follow her please guyss !
she's new to this : FollowHer !!
aw!
I miss Eastman so much.
you should check out my son.
He'll be at ur prospect camp.
YouTube: Javonn curry highlights paint branch high school
u on ps3 for 2k11?
Not sure of the error you are receiving.
We've been getting submissions all day.
.
Cheers!
I wish school started at 1pm and ended at 1:30pm .
I think you forgot to invite someone..
I heard that baby
thanks for an amazing lodlam.
inspiring!
alright sounds good!
:
Eggs, sausage and hash browns for breakfast..
miss my own frying pans, keep burning the eggs
what's it called?
working on it right meeeooww
Buuuutttt with Utah hosting the Blazers, I think it's safe to say the Suns must win both.
lol sure.
If that floats your boat RT: Manny just grabbed my nuts
has the worlds greatest friends and is so grateful to have them spending the weekend here with me!!!
EggHeadMF l Sunday Day Party l Noon  5PM l  D.Pettys Private Club l 600 W Cermak l Chix, Waffles, Mimosas, Live Music  More
Thank God, I'm halfway done with the 150 word articles already
We haven't set a date yet, but we typically go on sale 68 wks b4 the show's in town.
Our eClub gets 1st dibs on tix!
Neither can Iggy or Gerald Wallace.
That alone won't stop him from being a good pro.
The one in Final Fantasy VI was kinda neat.
Groves enjoys a stellar reputation in the home health care industry due to amazing  talented individuals providing exceptional care.
Headed to the American Educational Research Association conference, Vancouver, B.C.
Looking forward to it.
Could common baby products like bottles and pacifiers be dangerous?
We'll have the details of a new study on News10NBC Today in 15 minutes
Congratulations to Pete Marrero, the winner of our Vespa Raffle!
can't wait to finally hear Matin Frst in person today playing Aho's clarinet concerto!
Gottlieb: Bell produced fake salary docs, fake contract in earlier Public Records Act responses.
It's so dire!
Gah!
But I don't really want to write something new  this is the something new.
Heh.
Great interview w/ from THE HUNGER GAMES on today's w/ Keep your eyes out 4 the vid
Black Forest Remodel  Tile is a Home Depot Certified Installer  Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com and Remodel Today
u got a house full of kids liven on aid with no job?
it's 11:11 make a wish and make a wish and make it say 3
Who wants to text, DM me, Ima be posted on the lake for a while.
Thank you guys ..
Hester's long YAC play is an example of where the packers miss Collins.
: Hey!
Lolwhere u been at all my life?!?
Hope you feel better soon.
You shouldn't feel down.
You deserve to be happy.
happy birthday!!
Thanks for the mention Joani!
So while i'm waiting, i'm going to just straighten up my room a little.
I feel so good today!
The food at the wells street tavern.
I think I could do better microwaving hot pockets...
Wow I gotta admit this is probably the worst..
edcampis noting lots of little uses of Google forms cropping up as something teachers use for student/ peer feedback
Welcome to b2bchat Robyn
I definitely need to be getting my Twitter game back on
It feels really good out side
: congrats and good luck with your writing.
Indie Next List here you come!
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing, that's why we recommend it dailyZig Ziglar
It Fat Tire Friday!
3.50 Pints All Day
Thanks for coming by today!
mister The Altuve with a couple of NICE defensive plays in B1.
Yes!
Just saw the trailer.
it looks awful.
yeah I gave up on that chapter.
I just threw my hands in the air and said This.
Shit.
Is.
Bananas.
My point.
Say what you want.
Who cares.
Don't be shocked when they say stick to sports After all, that's why they follow U.
i know.
well ill be jamming in the morning lol
Sorry the ribeyes weren't mooing.
But it sounds delicious!
:
crazy story that would have not been believable 2 weeks ago
Had Olive Garden!
Hi Blake!
Sorry for the delay.
We have an inhouse team of designers that put that website together.
They rock!
RT: All restaurants!
Dine out with Calm Waters tonight 5pmclose....
we donate 10 of proceeds to charity!
You better come to Tampa, Florida for your belive tour!!
Tablet publications give magazines.detailed, immediate feedback about the reader.
More data than the web.
Stupid homework!!!
Spring Break is almost over and I have class on Monday night.
I guess that means do homework this weekend!!!
They gon love me for my ambition
Thanks for the retweet!
Glad you like our delivery service!
Will you be appointed Secretary of Beer soon?
I think we could use that.
Just sent an email!
Thanks for asking about it!
How is everyone today?
3
I still am!
Just woke up at my BFs friend's house in conshohocken.
Where are you/what are you up to today?
SKC work hard tonight men in indigo !
Thanks for the mention, Don Jon.
I hear that Cost Rica is vey beautiful.
My final paper is done, but for some reason I can't bring myself to turn it in.
Conflicting emotions.
welcome to being a director!
CherryBerryIwantdickinmyassChiller
You two pretty much have described my personal version of hell.
All you need to add is Katy Perry infused soundtrack.
Just got hom from church...
Wow we got out rly early lol.
Gonna go to bed cause I know mom will have me up at the crack of dawn tomorrow
how bout you make your life a journey that answers my phone calls
To repeat, my account was hacked.
Do not click on any DM'd links that I sent you today.
I have some
cleaned the SHIT outta my house today, and that's enough productivity to last me till tomorrow.
my new two fave words : buffalo and beast
I dont believe or trust
Two months until Girl Talk's Project Inside Out!
Who's excited?
Leave us a comment letting us know what you are excited about!
We did!
Thanx 4 the awesome food.
Let me know when you get greek egg rolls :...I'm going 2 think bout possible recipe.
lots and lots of paczki:
: Does a bear shit in the woods?
well not the ones who are kept at zoos.
they shit in a zoo
closet brony RT OK, sitting down with the kids 2 watch DVR'd episode of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic.
Pray for me
i guess
ha!
that's perfect!
Oh, that's dangerous.
Once I tried to doctorwn the pain of 4 inch heels with whiskey.
Did not end well!
Using actually feels different than every other app I use.
Love it.
Mac  got my first one in '98
I'm Joe Biden, and I approved this completely phony moral outrage.
Hey just got out of tannehill state park: and I am soked : I wanted some chocolate doctorne the candy store there but it was closed ;
Thanks for the follow, keep up the good work
if you get a chance DM me, I have a few questions for you.
Thanks!
The stars are constantly shining, but often we do not see them until the dark hours.
Best case scenario: people vent on a venue you control!
Step 5: create a venue
Full of pretentious whackjobs and depressed loners Either it's my Christmas or a Graphic novel review of KIMMIE66 by goo.gl/EzLb9
I got a nice ass the sexy ass guy tells me at the mall who works in Hollister.
: California boys.
Say what now??
RT : Denver bout to end of these bullshit ass lakers season.
Goal Philly!!!
I really like who i'm becomin
so imma pack this bowl  get my ass to sleep.
Goodnight twitter .
I love the buttery.
Jealous.
: what type of horse is Wednesdays?
DOE Report confirms Online Instruction better than f2f.
A nice change from equivalent!
I don't see why I have to come to school.
I never do anything.
Thanks 4 the note!
Gr8t company!
ready for tonight!
South Hills?
4 hrs of sleep, 5 am alarm and a ride on an oversold train.
Great start of my workweek.
HAPPPYYY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Youre officially 18!!!!!!
lol have a great day??
pls follow me i have been trying for 2 years..
You lie to me so sweet.
When you go to a job interview, and there are pastries on the table just a hair farther than arm's reach, is that some kind of test?
we all know it's
AMEN RT Call me crazy but that Kobe guy is still pretty good, bad wrist and all.
a lot of doctornkenness at my bro wedding lol
Thanks!
I'm sure the kids would have a blast!!!
how are you stranger?

news so chaud I hadda put on a sweater
OK,I hope U got UR butt upstairs  stopped picking up strange girls.
Love U
no not yet.
i hope i do soon tho:
lazy day sounds nice
you down?
we actually think she was doctornk.
she left her car, stumbled down the street.
police were looking for her!
Troy!
That was an awesome tweet!
This is my favorite tweet of all time.
Thanks
i couldn't get just franktastic, sadly..
and i really wanted brutuallyfrank but someone has that..
haha.
so Duane Reade is not everywhere you go?
Convulsing...just convulsing right now.
yayyy!!
maybe ill see you there..itll be cool since i havent seen u since like 8th grade!
lol
Mojito hour has officially begun.
Pass the pitcher!
;
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: We celebrate MOANDay.
CBC Goes Big And Hits Home: That's how shows succeed, that's how people become invested in our world.
So to see CBC really do a big l...
When there are three former UK players that played tonight
Gotta sleep now,goodnight.
, love you so so much.
So sorry I missed that presentation this a.m.
jhuDC!
Looking for a post New Years brunch?
Del Rey has you covered!
will be there  10am to serve your hangover!
Bad loss for the bucks.
Can I ever just move on?
The bucks really suck.
You can't sway to avicii...

Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you.
Oh my god, you have the physiology final tomorrow too?!?
I feel so horrible for you!
Huh she just doesn't understand..
heyy andoctora can you please follow me
UH..
YES PLEASE!
Hm...well seeing some of the tweets from Canucks fans...yeah I still hate them more
MichaelDouglas now speaking about HughMasekela, on stage with StevieWonder are you watching jazzday?
Great choices  thank you for sharing!
We were thinking  found out we have too many favs as well!
Never try to teach a pig to sing.
It wastes your time and annoys the pig
RT : My pussy on another planet; got that NASA pussy.damn aye
it's all set we just need to cry.....GREYSON WHO IS THAT?!
WHY ARE YOU CHEATING ON US?!
D'''':
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
George Bernard Shaw
Yes don't fall asleep
great pic!
glad you brought us a long.
Welcome 2 DURHAM!!..
I'm still scared about it because I can't lose this opportunity.
25 off promo extended to october 15th!
www.prosetsgolf.com.
This weather
Justin you have the stongest mom i know ..
She is such a role model!
I love pattie !
3 exams tomorrow...time to start grinding.
all corporate professorssional types need to choose their work attire based on size/location of mysterious weekend bruises, right?
please tell me this is a joke!!
All I know is I better be seeing Craig or complete 100 refund lol
If you haven't watched the short film, you're missing out.
What a story and what a brilliant young man.
Love mt Aztecs Basketball!
supershuttle doctorver happily whistling Eagles Lying Eyes on way to LAX.
Was told pick up was 11:30 and he was half hour early.
Coincidence?
I have the most beautiful best friend in the world :
looking for that singer still where are you?
Please message us if interested in singing with us !
Stay close to me...
glad we're friends again.
That's was tough.
2thingsIappreciate my bed and sleeping...
goodnight
Well, what did you find out?
Virginia Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
It's kind of weird retouching images from 2 shoots at the same time.
Shots/models are so different.
I love it though.
About 1:45.
What do you think is best?
Google Talk?
That ok?
that shit fucked up i got to much shit in my wallet
and shoot me ur bio fam, i wana put u up on our site wen it gets revamped
ciao Lauren, glad you like Pino Daniele!
Did you see my video with Je So' Pazzo as the soundtrack ?
Come check out our site if you haven't already!
Great signed pieces up for bid!
Have a great day :
Sorry for the late FF I was out of town!
Hope you had a great weekend!
Who wants to be with someone who goes to EVERY Party...
We've been telling people the office is messy because we're moving but really the office is always messy.
saturday my friend
awesome!!!
Great job!!
Glad you were able to run!
Go us!
Same here.
Davy was the bee's knees.
It wasn't until many years later that I realized he was old enough to be my father :
Tweeting myself to sleep, listening to songs in my head while my dog snores isfun
Always do what your afraid to do!
Without taking chances, you'll never know what you can accomplish.
I've eaten so much this spring break
Courage is like a muscle.
We strengthen it with use  Ruth Gordon
Selling happiness is like selling sunshine.
Both are always there, even if hidden behind the clouds...
PickUpLine: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
Nice seats, have fun!
My programming professoris so cranky!
Oh and he sucks at teaching programming too!
Thanks!
: I don't play hard to get , i play Never gonna be yours
I hate being sick :
I used to call people muggles in the 5th grade.
Thanks brother, we'll see you at Cafe HAPA next time you're down in SD!
Friends!
Please check out the fabulous art of at www.acrylicimpressions.com!
Seems like a case of psychic pollen to me doctorho : Yes!
Awake is finally going to make air!
This show is amazing!!!
Paul the Octopus is God's messenger.
m that looks good
RT : MIMAMKE Digital immigrants change media 17X/nonworking hour.
Natives change 27X/nonworking hour.
The world could use a lil Nin Simone damage right bout now.
I'd rather die while I'm livein' then live while I'm dead..
I earned the Dedicated badge on Lose It!
i miss your butt!
heading to Atlanta
Hey guys Isaac here!
Just letting you guys know that I have a personal twitter and that this is the doctorw One Card twitter :
Atari Assemble!
SuperTeam of Veteran Developers Embrace Mobile Gaming
KAYLEE !
Shut up....
you are not ugly !
You're beautiful chica
Thanks.
Men are close to taking care of infants, right?
: Gatorade, Tylenol, and hand sanitizer are a must here.
So the school calls me and my daughter gets hit by a gmc truck in the school crosswalk.
she is ok though a lil bruised up.
Amen!
have a great time tomorrow!
Back to Eugene: land of mediocre women
gonna be close to 2 in march
Nearly sure that the sound I heard coming from a stall in the john was keyboardclicking.
Jesus, people, we have iOS for a reason, you know?
I'm working with Paul Barces on this event, so he's using his FB right now, but I'll set one up bf the weekend's over.
Thanks!
Of course I do.
Manly facial hair never goes out of style.
IAm Perfect.......In Christ!
The majority of men meet with failure bc of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail
sick again...tired of this nonsense
We have to sort out what life will be like now :
looking forward to laughing at ROFLCon in PDX.
with I meant with.
Guys I hate to admit this, but the Justin Bieber documentary is amazing.
Words are fun!
who did you see?
Pleased to meet y'all!
Will follow.
: RT : Guys I'd like to intro u to my good friend...
:
Rest in paradise Aaliyah.
you're def one in a million 3
Explain all the seniors that stayed today then AFTER the checked out.
Ha.
That's great news!!
We need details!
Hi, long time!
Just wanted to let you know i spent the last hr wandering around on your site, and now must have 2nd dinner.
tks!
Qwrap Thanks all.
Enjoyed my first daytime lrnchat.
Gbye from Dallas!
Coming Next Week...New!
Veda 2012 Calendar!
Only 7.99 and ALL proceeds go to 11 Nonprofessorts.
More to Come...
hey whats up
man you can get it too haha
I know.
It's just one of those ones I find to be too wishy washy and vague.
I just don't like it.
I'll watch it on youtube later..i was about to say i never heard of that before
is my best bieber love friend ever!:
Loading up the van for tomorrow's tailgate in the Orange Lot at Commonwealth.
Go Wildcats!
there are some fake, ass people in this world.
They were talking about the devil the whole movie.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 24
Right!
I did rotten stuff as a teenager, too.
You need to own it if you're going to grow beyond it.
Great playing by
Thanks a lot!
Glad you like the Crazy Grits with collard greens  okra!
Right now in Phillyisawesome: spotted a used condom by a City Hall entrance today.
The Spread the Love Winter Promotion is working!
Bullying is totally destructive.
RT Great article about 's efforts to stop bullying.
Bullying is not a rite of passage
They wont
What medical school did you go to?
Your anus.
I can definitely win 'Are you smarter than a fifth grader'
thanks for the FF man : Hope you have a wonderful and blessed weekend
I was feelin the love.
And comes to every storm, a time to sleep :
NP: The Weeknd  Love Through Her
the only fun part is making a baby!
Good Morning!!
NYC is just beautiful!
How's everyone's morning?
y'all look just alike in ya avi lol
My muscles are so friggin' pissed at me for the gym time I've been logging.
Buck up, guys!
You should be HAPPY!
Dave is off on a mission to find someone to help us
you mean Michelle Obachman?
We've got , , and blasting in the office today.
Thanks for the RT!
Have one of those feelings tonight will be a great game
Cant wait till high school :D
pleasantly surprised by by doctorscoll here.
Thanks for sharing.
Italian food ranks as the most popular ethnic food in America.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation!
Without you music would die!
At Partner Support Day at NetApp in RTP.
The agenda is best practices around Cisco, NetApp and VMware.
Should be a great session!
Frustrating...
Billed for a Free account, on hold forever then had to leave a voicemail?
How is that service?
About to redesign my entire studio set up.
what's the deal with Hamptons injury?
How does it feel to be a new edition to Cash Money Records?
What's the best club in Chicago??
Not no sweat shop.
At my cousin graduation I cant wait for may 19
BG time.
Just wrapped this PSA shoot !
Amazing and fun can't wait to start in post.
RT: SCH is operating normally.
Road conditions have improved.
Woke up early and only slightly hungover
great to see you too man!
Had a blast hanging with you.
anything going on at clear lake, oregon?
multiple 12.9 magnitude earthquakes reported this morning.
hey, if you're going to be down here for the game again tomorrow direct message me.
Later man
just asking but what about the 100 or so people that have been killed in Chicago since January 1 do they not matter as much?
help BNB win a 22 day slot on Warped!
Go to , click on National Competition  judge for BNB!
nobody is worth it
I should've got me something to eat b4 I came here.
who's number?
Lol
You're too cute 3.
May see value with Peyton if he is healthy enough..
catching balls on the flat is something he can do.

Buy it and make it something awesome!
Biggie we miss you still 15 years later
Playing Cinema by for the 53rd time.
Sick track!
can I get a shoutout???
Just discovered the show Too Cute on I need a lot more of this in my life.
so I found my lion under the tree on xmas morning: Jenny!
You're HERE!
I already knew the name because I'd been waiting...
the finally got the sound system right.
Sounds great, I can actually hear what is going on now!
Sec 336 is happier.
im gonna check how much it is!
I have Dallas just inside my top 10, slightly above Giants, don't love Pitt's match up
Happy Bday pa :
My birthday is in June....
Can't I just have someone who has a cute smile and a nice ass
It would be nice if Facebook released a time on timeline metric.
I know, I know.
Complete fail on my part!
Hey, thanks for that shoutout, yo.
At school selling stuff I got 1 outta 7 6 more to go :D
i want to start a sports business.
anyone have ideas?
While waiting for the boss to appear on Garrison this AM, I heard an ad for 's Hamilton IMAX 16.
got the new free download of Woodfish.
Thanks Paul.
Wow, what an opening bass lick.
Insanely fast.
Sounds great so far.
Also, for your convenience, an onsite Enterprise RentACar and representatives
thank you :
If swimming is such a good way to stay in shape; Explain whales...
Just a couple of hours away until I start spinning beats at BRINK ORLANDO!!
Hope to see everyone out tonight!
FREE COVER 21!!...
Amarillo says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Maybe I'm just tired,a little over protective,or maybe it's just early but I really wanted to say something to the vet's assistant!
Who wants to Sponsor Us!?!
For Halloween I'm going to be A ICONic nerd I already have my stuff yeah buddy but all I need is to make my shirt
cool track, kinda more popish than I thought you'd dig
so are you coming over tomorrow?
Tea might be helpful during stressful times like exams, lol!
Now, where do I find those ingredients....
The one man of the group here  Chuck I take no offense in getting placed with these women who shine
One day I'll leave him to a place can forget him..............to continued my study
bored!
Need someon to call me!
: Sorry missed uall 2day.
Next 4 sure.
Son came by 2do lawn

Happy May Day!
on omegle, try to find me!
common interest put as one direction :
I JUST HEARD TURN TO YOU FOR THE FIRST TIME ;OFGHWOEJASDLFIS IT'S SO GOOD
Thanks for a free test of Optimal Sort in exchange for sharing our experience
Tonight was a great soft opening experience
You know, to buy the torture doesn't work thing, you must first posit that sadists have free rein in gov't.
YEAH PIERCE!
Just want to make sure, just in case it didn't come up in the Denver defensive meetings this week...Brady will often throw to his TE's.
Simply Having a Wonderful Christmas Time33
Thank you for sharing the senior show enjoy the photos and your thoughts
How shitty has Adoctoran Gonzalez been?
I swear every jersey I buy triggers the downfall of a career.
Might havta start buying Yankee jerseys.
I'm taking my mom shopping.
Fun or terrible?
Stay tuned to find out...
People change  often they become the person they said they'd never be.
We are all born superstars Who says you're not perfect LiveForMusic The reason why music is a part of me!
Gay is the way
Watching Sheik vs Kory Chavis and Sheik is a bloody mess.
striving for those As
Bro I hated the c130, but was fascinated over c141 b and the c17, love those birds.
I was one of the first to jump that c17
So you mean to tell me that they're doing exactly what most scientists do  write the manuscript on the slide?
Shocking.
went mud sliding, got dirty.
The Rockies had that game last night..well can't hang your head for too long, double header today starting soon and the NUGS vs OKC also
Discussing role of MTAG governance group on Tuesday.
Setting the stage for a more collaborative future.
You missed a terrific event and we missed you!
Hey abq!
We know, it's been a while!
We're busy working on lots of projects.
So hows it been?
As a singer, I'm absolutely AWESTRUCK listening to Runnin' for the first time!!
I painted the picture, and in the colors the rhythm of the music quivers.
I painted the colors I saw.
Edvard Munch
Yeah right!
Nuggets are going to woop some butt!
haha you ready to lose??
haha
follow me bro u go here now
Switched to Hopslam after spilling my KBS after a few sips :
Earned three regional Emmy nominations.
One for WCCO's morning show, another for Finding MN reports, one more for story on old White Castle.
Question to all my Obama voting friends Is Obama administration at fault for USPS HazMat coverup?
If you're scared go to church WKU don't want none!
Haha
I'm so jealous!
Keep the pictures coming!
Have an AMAZING trip and be safe, love3
HEY GUYS
way to rock it out!
At the tribute to Esther Newton in Ballroom A.
AAA2010 What an inspirational anthropologist!
RT : RT :Getting Your Apps in App Stores: Announcing the Mobile Platform Development Webinar Series!...
that's one of the beauties of info overload  you'll never miss those deleted feeds.
Yes indeed.
Man, I would consider it a religious duty, even.
They can't deny that, can they?
arrrrrrrrrgggggggg ...
you'd think so matey but it's really the c they love :P
My grandpa just said is the best singer he's ever heard
Thanks to all who were there at our show last night.
The energy in the theater was incredible.
We had a blast and hope you did too!!
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice
Don't want ANYONE to think I NEED them cause I don't
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene!
IT is usually happening during college semesters!
At taylorswift.
There is nothing I do better than revenge.
Glorious red doctorss
Started 2500 8 game.
Time to win some pots
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going???
Lmao hell yea.
Wade was still talkin' 'bout What project?
nowlistening How Come You Never Go There  one of the best sounding records I heard last year.
Not too much Corey.
What's good brotha?
ya know i'm here for the party and i ain't leaving till they throw me out
Steven Madden slips on EPS
glad to hear you're enjoying the blog!
happy turking!
we're is that only been in wa for a year
me too!!
Hopefully I c u later ill call u when I'm out of work!
Miss the college days when we do volunteering together.
Now you can relive those times by joining PANYC community service...
Jeff Bezos: you need to have a firm grip of the obvious.
Higher education in liberal arts focuses your attention elsewhere, gotta unlearn.
Great holiday party last week!
White elephant was so much fun!
:
things i'm thankful for this holiday season: brown rice at chipotle
LMFAO is the  of the current generation.
Is the answer CC Music Factory?
Barenaked Ladies?
Or another group.
whats good homies love the site i check all the time be on the lookout for and ja song soon when ja get out
Let the fallout from TV begin.
TV regs showing up at commercial castings.
Guess they didn't get the Real people memo.
We recognize you!
own it!
Only slightly.
Happy Mothers Day to everybody Mama I know and Mothers to be
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
RT : In order 2 move forward n have growth in life U've gotta B able identify  B real when it comes 2 ur weaknesses n flaws.
We gon have church today.
That's cool and all, but we're going to expect better press coverage this weekend :
I'll pass it on  happy Mothers day to you!
same haha!!
I know, so many parties as well but most of our friends aren't 18 for ages after us lol
Wisconsin, it could be Pittsburgh 1979.
Ha!
RT Kid Rock  Ted Nugent both endorsed Romney, bringing the total number of musicians supporting Romney to 0.
Now Libre is talking about energy!
Sounds good, let me know when I can stop by, in MD now.
I want calibre to strip index from ebook when copying to my Kobo.
The Kobo doesn't let me follow links; index is useless.
i would've definitely been in that hoe if i was performing lol
: Big/Little bonding loveyoubunches
It was sad.
She's in her 40s and still palpably angry.
Not easy stuff.
are they ok ?
a video street style blog?
I like it!!!
super creative.
can't wait to sit down and check it out even more.
if I'm djing at roxy one night naked u can say that's all u...: 
No, I mean the one being added to 3.1.
Its been introduced in 2.?
pulled, made a plugin, added to buddypress, now its back?
lmfao, why the hell he do that to his hair, and took pictures like it was hot, really?
Lol
NBA Playoffs :P
Watching knicksbulls.
My wife asked who is that woman thats really upset?.
It was spike lee
DON'T OPEN THE MESSAGE YOU RECEIVED FROM ME!
It's spam...got hacked!
Romney says Obama's military isn't feared.
Bin Laden's rotting corpse adamantly concurs.
Thoughtful questions help clients tell you everything to win their business; they will even tell you info you didnt ask for.
.
I need to see Margin Call.
Oh, and have you seen Frontline's fourpart series on the global financial crisis?
I'm halfway through.
Amazing showcase 3
RT : RT : Great advice from  Use metrics to INSPIRE not to justify.
Recording my CD tomorrow
Romantic Tip 328  As a couple, dedicate yourselves to learning one things new together each day.
Like a new word or a fact....
i really wanna take a bellydancing class!!
:D
freaking out !
Where the hell are you !!!!
Switching it up tonight.
Gonna use my husband's toothbrush!
I love these shorts.
Only 20 at Target.
You have great taste in chooz.
That is not good.
Haha.
No PLA ban debate 2nite at SWC Board was set 2consider admin to enter contract with Building Trades to finish construction
Lets just hope he remembers the words...
Shoutout to my new follower
So FUCKING irritated!!!!!
I just wanna lose 3 pounds
I hate it when my brother guilt trips me for never spending time with him :/
I followed herre, if you don't follow me I'm unfollowing though .
.
don't worry I gotta work it off!
As if this day could get any worse,..
Ima still smile and stand tall.
But on the inside im hurting.
Threats to digital: users finding product, Google as a disruptor, staff, number of devices
Anyone want to watch Monty Python with me?
I am lonely tonight.
Anyone?
Ni?
you a cool hyper person:
Oh.
Ok.
Go Broncos
schoolmemories Talking with my seatmates :
sanchez Gorgeous!
like 3part.
Title could be clearer.
Love to see Ngrams!!!
Wow had so much doctorma with these fat girls!
Lol my sis n me are now playin just dance like a boss: thtz how we roll!!;
It is in the process of being worshipped that God communicates His presence to men  CS Lewis
Tonight just made me that much more excited for summer!
Who wants to see some pics from our last practice?
:
we're looking forward to helping many folks with these products.
Have fun on your turkey hunt.
:
you.
are.
love.
thank you so much for sharing it w us!
faboosh grand opening darlings
I like girls that work at Subway 'cause they HAVE to make me a sandwich.
Or guys too I guess.
Either way I would get a sandwich out of it.
Should have made the doctorve to Tulsa tonight to hear Silhouette live.
Slap slap slap, slap chop!
Now there's a great movie I have seen!
RT : Is there better dialogue in any movie?
I don't know...this is good stuff
Hahaha..
time for the dentist, ey?
A good day for some hot yoga
Just to long came in from Senses.
Lol had them niggas jocking but didn't want any of them finna eat my footloops then its off to bed
Today is looking to be a great day.
Done working for 2011.
What a great year.
TRaawwww I got your invitation !:
I love remembering how much I love stories.
What else am I supposed to do with my life?
Planning meeting for RIT commencement this morning.
Hard to believe the end to another school year is 2 weeks away!
If the 99 ran the show, the show would be similar to what we see today!
No warmup i go right in
Happy New Year
A long soak in a very hot bath seems like the perfect prescription for my joints and swollen neck!
Until tomorrow...
Don't just tweet  leave!
Use advanced search features to see what others are saying about you, your competitors  your industry.
Reading Day and Schoemaker's book Peripheral Vision.
Lots of great insights about detecting critical signals on the horizon!
In a statement, Santorum says Obama's new stand on marriage is a capitulation while old one was a charade.
Hmm.
The fastest way to get happy is to make someone else happy.
Yoga today at 6pm in the park!
Did you hear that rem is breaking up.
Sad.
Do you listening to them.
Eleanor Roosevelt once said 'do one thing everyday that scares you'...date me!
ugh, im literally about to cry .
That stupid ass hoe that has no life needs to get off his account .
The Epilogue episode of JLU is one of the most tragically beautiful episodes of anything I've ever watched.
Worth seeing.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
theology's purpose is to bring godly peace, joy, and faith through practical, deep, and disciplined understanding of God through the Bible.
Flyers poised to make their best 04 Yankees impression
have an idea for mcommerce that I think only your company can execute...got 10 min?
Just saw Lady Antebellum in a Lipton Tea commercial...
It was the most HORRIBLE thing I've ever witnessed..
agreed.
Awesome: buddy pens Philly on, watch NHL playoff hockey.
It's the best sport around.
Watch once u will be hooked
cant wait to see you 3 3 3 please follow me
Hush.
I'm still going.
well, thank you very much!!:
Listening to Bill Evans Trio
how often do you get horny
Uh oh, now you're on their 'hates childoctorn' list.
All showered and clean, but oh for a pair of pants!
If you told an A's fan that Jemile was better hitting Weeks, they'd probably laugh in your face....except he's batting .192.
Rickie at .160
I havent played my save in a while cause I got tired of getting lost...he's about to beat it I'm sad and proud at the same time.
Yea We Bacc Up An Runn Good Am Family!
Teaching my first solo instruction session today.
Here goes nothing.
racks of clothes to narrow down for the shoot if only i could keep them all....
thanks for the retweet, we love ecofriendly friends!
do it, then tell me how it is
In Russell we believe!!
Sold out shows again tonight and tomorrow.
LAST CHANCE to see THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS is this Saturday!
Get tix at www.littlefishtheatre.org
Comedy night live tonight!
Come have some laughs, 730 start.
And its free!
Only 1 week left until our xmas show!
Get your Tix now!
Breastfeeding on Facebook.
We won Best Nightlife website award at bestofweb Big shout out to runners up / !
Thanks MKE!
Of course: Its my job to make you sweat, not feel all warm and fuzzy; Haha!
Stop Shootin continues to be at the forefront of a movement that has helped Newark set the national standard for violent crime reduction
ladiesnight!
Stop by til 11pm and all the ladies doctornk for free!
that's right don't text and doctorve..
this season of BGC is a joke.
Wasn't even worth watchin.
They all wack as hell
Indeed.
RT : Twitter can be summed up in 4 catergories: Creators, Debators, Haters, and Masturbators.
Live n Los Angeles but KarynRaw is my first stop when n Chitown.
We recommend KarnRaw 2 a New York friend  now he's hooked.
All government and related organizations and websites HAVE to be accessible.
Section 508.
But it's not working.
Yet.
It's just life, so keep dancing through!
We're building a global ent netwk fam friendly a hub for all yo ent.needs.
My car is so dirty that one might think I'm living in it...which at times it feels that way:
wish a nigga wood like a tree in dis bitch.
Y am I loosing followers when I followed everyone back ?
Lol people on twitter is weird.
Thanks to all 160 of you who follow me!
that would be zero from Fans edge...
One from Swatch..we need a guys night out bud...how'd the march madness thing go?
Thank you :o
Eating out is such a hassle...But so is going to the grocery store
Green played like a thug RT Running their mouth pregame didn't help New Mexico or MSU.
haha.
I gonna hold off for now!
good luck my man.
ok hope its a good series.
If you know what I mean
And still put A1 sauce on my shit
Rep.
Anthony Weiner to make a statement in just a minute.
He is expected to resign after allegedly sexting photos of him in his underwear.
Sure what's up?
It was 118, 139 and 211
happy happy happy happy birthday scott!
See you in July : have a fun and blessed day
Smh.
And You'll Never Believe Who Im Looking At Right Now .
.
Hint Wendys.
I'm not sure anymore...It's like all over the place.
:
you got the twitter now locate your pants
Had a great day besides losing all of our games  haha
LMFAO!
Now I'm even more interested :
That person was clearly doctornk.
Worst parking ever.
Romney still strong, Huntsman needs a 2nd look, Santorum is similar to W, Paul is crazy, Newt is phony, and Perry shows too little too late.
Enjoyed PhinFest!
Amazing turnout!
should be something unique , like nothing else in the world!
we have created a beast 
Winterhawks playing right now.
Michael Berk next with highlights from1st period  1st goal.
miss you too love!!
Sorry I didn't text u today!
Got crazy busy at home.
We need to do dinner or something one night  hang out!
My Facebook friends held an intervention to confront me that I need to get help for my Facebook addiction.
hehe, he says thanks!
Isnt it crazy how fast they grow up?
He's so much bigger already!!
:
follow back please?:
The worst kind of pain is when your smiling just to stop the tears from falling.
good one little boy
Bye Bye World Peace.
He might be gone from the playoffs.
Very inspired to get back to England one day to finally settle...I miss it all.
Tell your mommy I said Happy Birthday!!
3 RT?
Had to give the kid special baby apple juice so she can shit.
good night world...sweet doctorams....dont let the bed bugs bite...OH and when i wake up, can i magically have all my shit together?
Kthanks.
My dad moved out yesterday.
hear, hear!
happy weekend!
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
You taught me to never give up my doctorams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy NSNDVD..
OMB,excited..
5
RT : It was great chillin with this evening!
goodtimes Let's not be strangers homie!
I have one question for you my friend, why are you still in NM?
Your ass should be in Arizona ;
Like it or not, TeaTime is always up to date on the latest Tea Party activities.
99 of my media alerts involve politicians!
Shoutout to my baby cousin Chandler Jones for being the first Jonez taken in this years NFL doctorft.
lolololol Megan I wanna hear some more get up and gogo on this take
Some days I think Don't Worry Baby is the best song ever.
So much going on in those two minutes, and it sounds so simple...
Wang Chung is awesome
Honestly, if Gaga had no intention of ever performing the studio version of Hair, why didn't she just release a ballad version of it on BTW
The current balance or the growth forecast?
Youth who r unable 2 make informed decisions about sexuality  lifestyle get vulnerable.
Side event at
On set filming a funny commercial...pics to come...
guiltyascharged!
my secret shame isn't so secret anymore : RT : : Is that a fact?
You naughty girl you.
Want a good butt kicking?
bootcamp, Perfect combo of encouragement and push!
I'm tired but not in pain!
gr8 coach!
So proud of you guys!
Represent!
lol.
Everyone just looked at me in the room when he announced his freedom.
I was like sht.
SMH
I feel like slapping this kid.
Calipari is a slime ball.
But I do like AD the Unibrow
ohh nothing but why?
Funny thing is, I rarely ever talk to her..
What is appropriate Tweetiquite?
Monday in Pittsburgh, Back to work
haha.
Well have funn.!
Tweet me later?:
Resting a bit today for, what I am sure, will be a backbreaking week.
Lots to do on the farm!
Our resident djs  bringing the beats that move your feet
Did i do sumn wrong?
Thanks for the question.
That is a feature we are working on and should roll out in near future.
Stay tuned!
RedSox fans really making fun of the Yankees tonight?
think I'll do a Tshirt.
For my CafePress site.
you're beautiful over :
chick gave me head for days...she wants her mouth back
How does Intellectual Property apply in this digital age?
haha I like how your signature is something different everytime!
Would love to meet you too pal.
You're my kind of doggie!
B seriously needs to fucking shout the fuck up!
its austins buisness not his!
RT : Going to Barcelona  Mobile World Congress!
Stop by Norton's booth hall 8, booth A171 MWC12 Symantec JEALOUS!
kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community Center...
researching neighborhood alert systems, and finally looking through code!
FF my bro
onlyskinnyppl cant fit there walet in there pockets
City of BrooklynPark plans to buy  demolish old Blondie's location, a bar with a history of problems.
If she don't shut up then it's
Sick wife and bebe!
New show going up tonight but no live!
I've had some of my international students call me mister before.
Always seems to throw them off when I say call me Ryan.
It's better to find someone who will change your LIFE, and not just your relationship status..
It's also cheaper for my kids to buy me gifts!
They can get them all tomorrow for 1/2 off and give them to me next week!

no challenges so far, searches in our catalog for title are high along with the holds queue.
FBF topic In light of ESPY's, create a new Award for someone in the sports world.
Give us a call 3032971510 or email info
If we confess our sins, he is faithful  just  will forgive us our sins  purify us from all unrighteousness 1John 1:9 Honesty,Belief 
I BEEN A FAN SINCE THE COCA COLA COMMERCIAL WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT LOL
just tried to facebook video chat me so he could watch as I work out.
Flattered but mainly weirded out.
WVU total pretenders!!!
Disappointing!!!
I'm doing everything in my power not to call Bristol what I really think of her, a word I reserve for her mom  Coulter  only in private.
Concentrating on the bad things you are doing will never help you do the good things that you desire to do.
Joyce
Here's my twitter so follow me maybe?
;
I get why Men disrespect LOVE...
...
Testosterone and Culture...
expects them to....
I just never get why Women do it!
Hey Sierra!
I haven't talked to you for a while!
Please answer my DM!
Gurlll 3 Love you xoxo
no, that one just really sucks.
id love to roll with your team3
HE MAKES U BLEED NIGGAHH
I was at the PNC show tonight.
I was the girl holding up the birthday sign.
Thank you SO much for wishing me a happy birthday!
3
Today is the day that one of the realist niggas life is up for taking by the white man I hope everbody had boosie in your preys
This is the truth As from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life
i love fl to
YES!
I heard this rumor.
I'm so glad it's true!
shut up u ol preaching ass nigga
is working on another English paper...
love you name it's like one of my fave names ...
follow back ?
:D
Thank you TomTom.
Sweet slumbers and sugarplum wishes to you!
The reason I ask, is my hair is in need of a haircut/ I am in need of a better comp card photo.
Tournaments back to back to back
excuse me.
Fucking fantasy boyfriend just got elected!
Go !
The Rox abbreviation is already taken by the Colorado Rockies sorry!
and the games headed to OT
YouShouldNever say never ;
Thanks for doing the story on my app All About Sounds.
Robbie looked so cute!
Having T1, T2, and T3 is like having 3 twenty minute interactive meded workshop/chats.
Thanks!
data viz: helping people see how they fit into systems
A student got shot one block from the school today.
Scary, yet unfortunately not rare.
Just reminds me why we work so hard.
Royals fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
the marlins going all in on crazy!
It amazes me how ppl so freely share affection or feelings.
I was raised to ignore or suppress them  affection was rarely w/o a cause.
Creepin on Zach Porter hardcore.
No regrets 
When my bestfriend texts the guy i like about me .
.
.
has g wallace made a difference for nets don't want nets games!!
Who do u think won that trade?
F yeah!!
Just found out there is a 24 hour pho citi on sunset and la brea.
Gonna be the new hang out spot
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
hahaha text me.
Listen people when you add my name to lists make sure there's a big dog in there or it will not get retweeted your looking at a millionaire
oooohhhhh yeeeaaaaah!
Cheers to a relaxing day!
: the generosity of New Yorkers is actually extraordinary.
Doris Freedman award at Grace Mansion.
Too much invested in RN as warrior narrative.
Check your email.
CONGRATS for winning the CreativeConnectionSD raffle!
Enjoy your Stem!
Ugh what should I do for dinner?
Hahaha I just saw a guy doctorssed like a cowboy with a skateboard yea that totally makes sense
Editing this Zumba video just makes me more upset at the actual Zumba commercials.
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!
A weds night, not tired at all.....ooowwwwwwwwwwww
Absolutely  looking forward to meeting you.
WhenImAlone I need someone to talk to or I'll start talking to myself haha!!
Can we get enough people together for a weekly coworking jelly?
A few spaces around Central Bmore may work
lol one of the best episodes ever
Amateur Contest starting at midnight!
hey there slick Rick.
How's your Friday?
Air China launches new flight to Mumbai
so perfect!
jesus man, that just made it better!
I have been missing TweetDeck and TwitterI have returned
i like burning shit...
wat up bro
Going back to sleep at 8 to get a couple more hours or sleep.
The rest of the week is going to be busy as hell.
Yikes.
No, you and my husband are the only three.
:
My Birthday is Tomorrow!!!!!!
hope everybody says happy birthday to me 
Ha !
Girl know what's up!!
this is a goog advertising campaign for W40!
very good concept :
The fault in our stars.
Decent so far.
oh that makes sense, okay!
it must be cozy!
Eating a slice of cheese pizza  Costco
And that's why I love you.
And always will.
Thanks Katie!!
She's so pretty that someone needs to set her hair on fire.
I have something to show you
same here.
I'm gttin impatient like so forreal
What you're going through He's working out just for you and your glory.B/C He won't allow something,He doesn't intend to help u thru4ur sake
Happy Labor Day!
Dear Nashville, it's 5pm.
Thanks for not yet cleaning my room.
I hate traveling with babies crying and kicking the back of my chair.
One more kick and homie gonna get his first taste of skydiving.
lmao.
come on that shit is funny as hell.
XD I'm sorry.
some of us are weekly Chipotle regulars here !
Hey wuz up!
I know your model Dayami that's at your shoot LoL!
To bad I'm not part of the video
thanks for the follow!
Love working w/ !
working on a PartyLite order.
Oh what fun it is to have friends over and have a great time.
Up until after 1 pm.
yea
The visitation for the teens killed in the Campbellsport crash is being held today at 3 P.M.
Tune in to TMJ4 at 5 Todd Hicks TMJ4
THANK YOU!!!
Khans Bar and Grill
Send beats for the next project: TONYJONES210gmail
haha you can learn a lot about a person during lunch time
Small greek salad with romaine and a crab cake on top please...
oh we meant to ask you if Matt knows how to doctorve a pontoon
Every man needs a woman when his LIFE is a MESS, bcoz just like the game of chess, the QUEEN PROTECTS THE KING!!!
;
Welcome anyone in Steeler country is family
Bruno Mars had some gr8 Elvis  James Brown moves!
It's so sad to tell people where they are on the hold list for Hunger Games.
Hopefully they will learn  request 50 shades of grey asap!
I like my Canadianmanufactured Toyota ...
Clint Eastwood won't get me to buy a Chrysler.
If When stuck in traffic, the only lane that doesn't move is yours ...
Retweet
I miss you too !
I don't know which one to choose.
waiting for my brother to arrive....
yeah camping/atving
New social media business plan: landing page promises never to sell to Facebook.
sushitoDaiFor San Rafael is jammed packed 30 minute wait for a table of two
.
We both know what luck is  when preparation meets with opportunity.
Oh yes, and the tenacity YOU are famous for...
:
fine.
Then i will fail science AND NOW IM FORCED TO JAM TO TRS ALONE.
thanks!!
My Hubby makes such a great jacksparrow, we are doing it all over again!
and you??
Comic book art is way under appreciated.
I will get you papers if we get any at the meeting 0.o
I mean, let's face it  if I was Canadian I'd want to escape from there too, being a suburb of Detroit and all...
when is the open house?
You can look for a collection of my poetry, Geography of Love, in the upcoming issue of Assaracus.
If cutting you up into bite sized pieces and feeding you to the dog is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Yum!
Our favorite :
Sugar sugar how'd you get so fly?
Working with a new client opening a new style of upscale Pawn Shop in Portland, OR, looking for investors.
Robin Weirich
which show are you gonna see?
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
look at you!!
i can't study without music.
or snacks.
or coffee.
or occasional Facebook breaks.
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
LOL...LOVE YA BACK
Hopping in bed now so I'm asleep by 12.
5 days left of the Kiehl's Midnight Recovery Diaries!
Sweet doctorams.
Good morning and a happy Easter
ANYTHING SHE CAN DO I CAN DO IT BETTER!!!
Fresh Consulting is honored to be partnered with the multiple awardwinning PR firm  see waggeneredstrom.com
doing wht I'm not suppose to...ooweee
u a bitch ass bitch
Gentlemen, pls wear cotton socks/ footies  lotion feet daily.
Heatfrictionfeetdoctorness  ugly, corny feet OR less sex appeal
This are the times I wish tweeter had a like button.
Weird Al and Liz Lemon, together on 30 Rock  What could be better?
: 
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for sharing!
Heard had a blast with you out at SxSwi!
At Angelika waiting for LOST to start.
If you don't have a seat yet, don't bother coming!
Be ready Monday for take on the phillies and why exactly they seem to think they're better than the
Bout to get off had a real easy day at work bout to go home and get ready for tonite I'm excited St.
Andoctorws bout to be rocking fasho
that's just my way of saying I'm working all weekend
Monday  FREE Appetizer Buffet at Blackthorn!
From 46pm, stop in for pint of Guinness and some of our complimentary homemade appetizers!
unfortunately, no :
2 members working together!
RT : It's a Fast Foodie Globaco kind of day!
What could be better then shooting Globacos?
Somebody is, what I call, broshing.It's similar to that of a bromance; but sadly, only 1 party is feeling it.
A crush, per say.
When your zeal runs low your love for God and your loyalty will sustain you.
There is really nothing better than rewatching Say Anything for the 9000 time.
Bitches, man!
I'm in Miami now until Wed for work!
Oh thank god lol I thought you were mad at me or something but I added your new one
what section are you in?
in case we decide to join you on 6/17
I have 21 kids and counting im on TLC now haha...
Loved the blog post.
Thanks for visiting!
what time?
When people promises you they will quit doing something and then that person continues doing it...
ugghhsomad!
It's not your plan or a Good plan...it's all about GOD'S PLAN!!
Suddenly miss cheerleading.
It really applies to everyday life teaching you to kick and smile when your team is having a rough day.
now i have to make a schedule!
am i that busy??!!
website requires flash enabled computers and devices.
on your Andoctorids u can switch the browser to desktop mode for flash.
wish I was in SEATTLE I would be there!
Tin Roof Jazz Band TONIGHT at Lindy Fix!
Polish Cadets Hall, 927 Grant Street.
Be there!
Madera County Court house.
Their rules/format look an awful lot like ours.
I guess we'll take that as compliment.
exactly, your kid won't compete with zillions.
Hey residents!
FREE Nutrition workshop tonight 7:30pm  the Lofts Lounge!
Sign up w/ the front desk staff.
LOL, but not by much.
I love my haters 3
dude I took french in high school for 3 years and had the same experience...
I can only imagine it in college!
Just woke up from a nap.
It wasn't long enough...
Oh well!
Ok so I just Michelle Obama downtown....Speechless
Have you bought Mega Millions tickets for tonight's doctorwing?
RT if the answer is yes!
SAYIN RT : Loving the windows wide open on this gorgeous day.
Maint.
guy is cleaning up with a leaf blower, blowing dirt in my house.
: lol yes I'm excitedI know u are
The only reason I don't mind opening every Saturday is because I get off at 2pm
Anyone else as talented as I am at burning themselves with their torch?
Worthwhile conf to look at concerning peace  web: 'Online Discourse in the Arab World: Dispelling the Myths'
Gloriously sunny spring day for a trip to Birmingham.
This bus smells straight up like an em effing portojohn.
Watching Trollhunter.
Heard a lot of great things about it.
hey im to lazy to get up so I went to ur fb page to se the forecast..
U may want to look at a professorle pic by someone on there
RT Sun 5/13 DC free SOS program: How to Develop Detachment, vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church BACK DOOR 276 Carroll St
GIS is a practical system for Problem Solving, using Intelligent Maps to identify issues, add context and tell a story.
: Does anyone else feel like they're ordering a sandwich when saying LGBT or is it just me?
Can I have a follow?
: I'm not tweeting from the live chat thing!
LOL.
I love you 3
Wow, my great aunt just passed away at 96yrs old.
She was the oldest member of the family.
So bummin :
can't stop listening to April's WHLN ....
Only thing keeping me going this morning!
RT : Running into someone from high school that got fat is better than Christmas
it was great.
Had a chance to meet with clients, partners and prospective clients.
Also, picked up some good ideas for SHRM.
of may!
It's a Thursday!
We really need closed captainoning on these TVs, don't we?
Enter shikari is tonight!
I wish I could go :
Getting ready to play the Twitter Up for Africa tourney on Ultimatebet.
what woman doesnt love chiffon tops
yes Indiddle de diddle de diddle de de!
It was exciting doctorving/punching/shooting, though, so it's an ok tradeoff.
PS, Denzel is still awesome.
see...instragram is a cool app!
OK thanks!
Refer a friend to Lee Silsby and both new and current customer get a 30 Amazon.com gift card each.
Check LeeSilsby.com for more details.
I'm going to start making all my coffee Irish.
hey how are u?
:D
That moment when the person phone next to you vibrates and you check your phone.
80s electronics somehow/sometimes retain a retro coolness, but 80s sax  pure cheese
Great lecture last night.
Keep it going :
Nice DP Strike him out throw him out!
In approximately 2 Days, 9 hours and 20 minutes...
ah, the good life
Guess sometimes I be out of my league thats why I never ask for things man
Hehehehe....
remember that pitch....
hehehehe...
24 hour work days may be finally paying off!!
I work today and tomorrow.
If I come I'm get the road as soon as I get off tomorrow.
I should be off at 12 :
i love talking to old friends that i haven't talked to in months...
makes my night .
China has more than 3 Trillion of foreign reserves on hand.
In cash.
Ready to roll.
Dear youtube, I'm here to listen to music or watch a video.
If I wanted to watch commercials, I'd turn on my Tv.
Same here.
I love using TweetDeck, especially with the customizable columns when you open the widget.
So Much easier!
going ham on country....
love it
Ok...
Sully  Kunitz in the MegaMillions!
Look out Philly..
I think it's cute how when we first started twitter we were little baby eggs  now were non stop tweedets
Hey!
I need to reschedule Brunch since I lost my wallet last night.
What your schedule like during this week?
Here is my obligatory officially done with my undergrad life tweet.
But for real its o.v.
awhl thts sweet she must be very special
if you want to earn more,learn more
In grad seminar, we are leveraging iPads, VGA connectors and flat screens to bridge the digital divide.
600 for digital classroom.
I should probably wait until after my first paycheck to buy opera tickets, but I'm not going to.
On my way to the Gym.
Leaving from school now.
I was a tritown little league all star.
Finds it funny how people turn fake on you...
But then get mad when your acting brand new on their ass...
BigMac...
hold the pickles
You talk it I lived it like Eli I did it
Mothers Day Sale Everything 20 off.
Thursday 1PM to 6PM Friday  Saturday 10AM to 6PM We make mom feel special and pampered.
I am pulling for NE.
I want to see what Brady can do against SF since he is a better than 62 attempts Brees.
NP Take Me Dancing  This is definitely in my top 10 favorite songs of all time.
for the triathlons?
married to the mob, yuuuppp
: FHBO Bahahaha : yup been there did that yesterday....
Anna can say the same!!!
Lol
is anyone here a marine biologist?
Yo i ran it..
More like jogged it i got 8:40
workin'!
...
sites in the works for and pro skier
Follow in my CEO voice LOL !!!!!!
OK, has to come all the way from Chicago.
You are literally next door.
You must go see it
happy birthday!
On the way to the clubhouse for the  Seedless show, shit is gonna be illmatic.
3hrs 55 mins until our new single Lying is up on itunes!
RT
Just chillin chillin.
Listen, I got a lil project for you.
You think you'll beable to record soon?
The power of da pussy
Also, we bought a Ouija board at today and I promptly became obnoxious with it in the truck.
It was only six bux thanks HPB!
you guyd are our new fave party people!
Mark your calendars, the pub crawl will be May 26, 2012!
That's Memorial Day weekend so you'll have lots of recovery time.
Having cold beer  hot conversation with 2 hot babes 
Performing  the Backstage Bar dwntwn Pittsburgh 5.30pm today.
Originals and a few covers.
Everything from Katie Perry to Taylor Swift.
thanks for the follow!!!!
3
My stance is against multiclass because it teaches lack of competitiveness based on geography.
However, it is here to stay.
i don't know...
Requires closer inspection.
Will check him out.
Wasn't bad.
Hipstertastic.
I already know my CoolClub fam ready for that
Thank you!!
Erythematous tissue.
Liver or spleen.
So I'm Locked out my Twitter Ap Smh I think I was Hacked my password has been changed
What went wrong !
Great day at the beach.
Is this really November in New England?
I feel like that's essentially my twitter timeline today
is cranking out some tunes for the band
yes!
He is going to be a vampire this season :D
Where's the like button?!
Haha have fun!!
Pathetic.
RT Adam Sandler and Bill Gates rank number 1 and 2 among the most popular role models with male college freshmen.
Just finished Atonement.
I sobbed at the end.
Brilliant movie.
Simply brilliant.
next week and june is like the best month for beliebers.
I love a good custom roadcase.
Direct mail  newspapers affect Millennials store choices, ahead of digital channels  website  retailer emails
Hi, sorry for the delay but thanks for the RT.
They are doing great things and we appreciate the help in spreading the word
WordPress Tools Bad Behavior  Prevents spam bots from accessing your site by analyzing their HTTP requests.
RT : Flipboard's Josh Quitner: The iPhone app will be coming out very soon
What a shit football day.
Nobody gave to breathe so the whole internet bullied her by giving her a taste of her own medicine.
HOORAH TWIITER!
Need nothing to complete myself.
Q10: I rarely use a slow cooker.
Would like to get into using one.
Any recommendations?
Cuz IS the pimp shit: RT Rumor has it Andoctor 3000 used this deal last year.
50 off popup deal:
just name the time.
It's been way too long since we've made trouble downtown
my head hurtsthis stuff is in to tight ...im about to die...
feel like i got in some tiezillions
So cool!
Thank you for the quick response!
Although I'll have to admit that this is the most advanced Flask app I've ever seen!
on purpose??
hah, at first I read that as get a better dog, dude.
Which was funny in itself.
Amused at amazement over animals sensing magnetic fields  polarity.
We're electric beings, folks!
Ex: pacemakers, defibrillators.
please don't be sad love /
RT : more than a lil concerned after readin this tweet n the one before it...
:/
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle 4/22  10PM  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I'm sure, but that doesn't mean it would have had anything to do with her.
I'm making moar now than I was in Korea.
Suck it down.
Watching Dexter with
Wednesday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
I did get this tweet!
You are on your way.
So do you know about hashtags?
waves 25 off discount card I'm always here to help :D
definately had a guest at the office ask for his half caf while NOT looking at my face.
Didn't feel complimented!
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
Henry Ward Beecher
MadMen's preview of next week are so vague, but thought provoking
Two down, two to go!
Focus.
Need some.
it's much easier to blame others for our own choices rather than accept our own.
sure.
Ask away.
dont be a homewrecker, karma's a bitch
oh I meant the code is on haha.
But yeah you're welcome!
waitt how'd you get one?
and do you know if we have to make an
Where is ?
Havnt heard from him at all!
Any female artist that wants to collab with me on my up and coming Mixtape hit me up!
RT and Spread the word
I think im a boring texter!
So u want me to die?..
:P
ofcourse we will always be iconic
a couple bent rims and broken spokes!
Looks like my momma's gonna need to be getting me some new cinema 777's for my bicycle c:
Ignorant people keep me entertained :
MARKERS AND PENS 3 TELL HER
:really good stuff  awesome sauces.
Me likey!
Went to a Steely Dan concert last fall  had their awesome music swimming in my head for a month!
Happy hour is under way!
Want Muse tickets?
Play BList Birthdays!
honestly i can pour my heart out to someone, treat them way better than they deserve,  still feel like i'm not good enough.
Unfortunately, I couldn't make it due to health issues.
Should be a great panel, though!
N i cant buy a doctornk til midnight .
LOL...umm...no?
But I seen it on tv lol
And tell Oprah Winfrey I don't need no chicken, Bitch they gonna turn my lights out lol
it def does, told ty and D every week it seems like a new body part is hurting smh!!!
Best night ever!!Thank you Steve.You don't know how bad I've missed you!This means the world to me3
r u going to apply 4 next season of big brother?
They taking submissions now!I can see.
u now telling housemates they r messy.
MARTIN.
Secondary scoring will sort itself out with Crosby back.
Sid helps Sullivan/Duper.
Staal back with Cooke and Kennedy.
RT : Can there not be a government in which majorities do not virtually decide right and wrong, but conscience?
Thoreau
Sunscreen 'check'.
I hope you have a great weekend!
Remember water temps are so cold your muscles could cramp  cause problems!
Fish On!
Np notorious Big papa
Hey guys thanks for all the ideas but I prefer to get famous on my own not use other artist to get there.....
my left ear is ringing and throbbing, someone is talking some serious sht right now.
Just raped that research methods exam, and I'm done with that class FINALLY
Who wants a follow back?!
Dang I thought you were better than that
follow back : lovee that you're a boy belieber and you stand up for it!
I can't decided, should I go to Cancun?
I shouldn't spend my evenings looking at the Groupons in my junk folder.
People perform amazing feats when they have a purpose.
I'm doing all the production for my album but you can send whatever for the EP
The US has a higher rate of premature births than more than 125 other countries, including Rwanda, Uzbekistan, China  Latvia.
well good morn
It is a great place!
Hopefully you'll meet the owner, Thony, a really nice guy.
Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Dave Barry
I talk to em
Some lofi pysch rock getting me through my commute tonight thanks to some live sessions from and Caveman
smoke detectors beeping from low batteries.
Today is Marist's Relay for Life event from noon until midnight on the waterfront!
Help fight cancer and create more birthdays.
: Right now I am so grateful for my friends blessed it is I who has been
you Are not fooling anyone
The concept of beauty...
One more time...New Happy Hours in Newport or Irvine.
Stop by tonight and say MNF to receive a free Happy Hour Appetizer!
Yea indeed!
I listened to Jet in your honor the other day.
Hey!
I hate to tweet  sleep, but I have to ask.
What exactly was it that I liked?!
presents the Current and Future State of the Media Industry today at the luncheon.
wow twitter keeps being weird
Time for Happy Hour!
Come in and enjoy a beer to escape the cold wind!
3 doctorfts!
NEW!
The Science of Twitter: State of the Twittersphere Meets Sales 2
Hey, I'm a classy dude.
The sex gets me in the door, but I wouldn't mind if the book was actually good.
You'll do great!
I had no idea what I was doing and somehow got a 4 haha so you'll be fine!
no matter how ugly you think you are theres that special person that loves you  believes your beautiful 
aw I miss you guys too been in sf too long.
I get back this weekend.
Is there an Easter dance?
: What me and talk about  people wish they were us
Can't believe I'm this young, but yet this intelligent when it comes to managing and gaining revenue in the music world
questionsthatdontgetanswers do you have money?
do you have flashing lights on you at night???
Thank goodness!
Now water is running in the street...
I just want everything to work out for the better.
tried to DM but you don't follow me.
You can reach me at , would love to talk APIs!
Feeling a lazy day!
Where's the fun in that?
I'm not totally sure!!
I will find out:
Soup, salad and breadsticks
damn !you're cute bb
I didn't say anything about self improvement.
Heading to Big Pink with the bike on tow....excited to see  !
any luck w the phone?
We will be back tomorrow with more updates folkies!
Get some shut eye before Day 2 at FAI12!
when in doubt, paint the wheels black.
hey: dont die off of candy!!
or else imma cry
If Barajas can hit a walk off i can pass calculus
thanks...will do man...
Easter egg hunt today.
Boring.
I just said the F word a lot out loud.
: people born into Nigerian homes are the definition of under pressure.
There is always a next level to aspire to.
Please follow she's a bit crazy but cool :D
It is so inspiring.
Great film.
For those early birds brave enough to tune in, cheers!
Carolyn and Rachel wish you a good morning
American History X is a great movie
Getting a cup of coffee and checking my emails!
I wake up to atleast a hundoctord before 10AM!!
Gotta Love it!!
Toodles!
Nothing like a JambaJuice right after a hard ass workout!!!
Time to handle business all day!!!
GiG ....
Let's get it!!!
forever and a day3
To all the surrogate Moms  or those who took care of other kids, raised your nieces  nephews or just supplied loving support.
Thank you!
At least Gisele doesn't tiptoe at the line of scrimmage.
Straight on unlike
put some socks on
So and should follow Tyson...
K?
Okay :
I'm on follow limit....
Fml
what happened to our warm weather?
i think winter decided to finally show up
Growing tip: Mulch your trees to retain soil moisture, discourage weeds and deter pests; leave a 3 inch space around the trunk.
you could easily do a pretty good YouTube spoof.
I just hit a thousand tweets...
i'm late lol
In the Bourne Trilogy, how many times does someone say You really don't remember, do you?
...to advance talking point.
In case of occupy protests, city spending is emergency funds that would be spent no matter what
where r u going in Bellevue?
Parlor, lucky strike, munch?
Lol
Is something on fire?
I hear a million sirens by me.
anyway, what's new?
are made to share!
Melanie is great at sharing.
Have a great weekend!
Good luck !
Keep the streak going!
Don't get all nevermind on me it make's me feel like your mad at me or something and I don't like that feeling..
/:
Good Q.
Most in English sourced to defense team.
Actual Sw.
prosecutors obs.
can't comment.
Also consider gender angle here...
bros before hoes....hell no if a hoe wants me i'll take the hoe we can hang out later alright bro

naw im not the best but im about to play
Yes!
I assume I'll get to make a bunch of food for you yahoos, and I love baking.
Plus, the pool is so pretty with the new liner.
Love you!!
3
biebs is not gross.
Take that back!
omg i know we do!
Where is the damn Galaxy Nexus Verizon ?
Indians win!!!
Santana!
she's super cute.
I look forward to seeing more photos!
what is her name?
Boeing and Event
Check out Coach doctor's tip on how to achieve the perfect squat every time.
Feel free to share your own perfect squat tips below.
Enjoy!
A1: MLB and the MLBPA staged a huge media event on the CBA.
They reached an agreement.
This doesn't look good.
Dell will be hosting a Bay Area Career Fair June 26th from 4pm7pm at the Santa Clara Marriott
She wants a guy who knows how to make his own decisions but also knows how to take her advice as well.
ThatShittyMomentWhen you forget what you were going to tweet so you use this as your back up tweet :P
If the field isn't large enough, how was it ever a great idea?
Thanks for the FF!
Doesn't have a job anymore....
know anyone that's hiring?
Thursday  3/3/2011 Hump Day Thursdays  One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40
maybe im just reading it wrong, but some of ur tweets lol
That picture should be called success!
Lol.
Love it!
God made the world, why did man make the scriptures?
If he created Lennon why'd he go and make a Hitler?
Thirty two/ Va/ Beavis and Butthead told me to :
RAQC AND THE COLO.
DEPT.
OF PUBLIC HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENT HAVE ISSUED AN ALERT FOR THE METRODENVER AND FRONT RANGE REGION till 4 p.m.
today
Things you don't normally say after day 2: Big Ten looks great, I'm lucky I still have my Final Four left, and how 'bout them OU Bobcats!
fuck everybody that goes to IUPUI.
Easy girls 
btw, you just started the coolest new hash.
LibationArmy helping free the awkward from dancephobia since h20 was turned into wine.
I love you mom !
Your the best !
Happy mothers day !
Big gambler?
Contact us to see how to get comps on shows and rooms on your next Vegas trip!
Snow where are u?
It's almost new years and ur not here:p
RHONJ WOW they are still going at it about the same thing and Theresa is still oblivious to what she starts in all of it LOL
RT : I think that radical means not allowing traditional ways of doing things to get in the way of fresh ideas

RT question to pupil: what would you do if you worked in a museum?
answer: quit my job immediately!
Now Playing: mister.Right by
I completely agree with you there.
And I think Zuck has more position stability
Hosting an open house today W Virginia Street Ste 400.
Come on down!
Bring resume, interview TODAY!
Motorcade heading back to Miiramar, police escort.
thank you for sharing the thank you to teachers :
you derserve better!
Shitshow.
Wow.
First sign of trouble going forward, pull him.
He doesn't have it today.
Hereby open the floor for suggestions!
RT : Hey, !
What's the official hashtag?
Inquiring minds, nosy tweeter, etc.
For being so early in the season MLS has been exciting so far.
Tomorrows game should be fun!
Little To Latee
Madly setting up gear for the trailer shoot tomorrow morning!
yea thank you very much
There's a mouse in the studio.
Not deadmau5, but it might be in 5 minutes if it keeps disrupting this session
The Cubs beat the Cardinals once or twice last year...and?
is officially ready for prom!
ASECS12 Ah, got there.
Talking about pineapples in Q Anne's time.
And mock epic.
Poetry of apples and grapes.
thanks for following.
LOVE that Buzzard!
Rock on Cleveland!!!
The rest of the EP is sounding soo awesome!
Really cannot wait for all you guys to hear it.
Expect Greatness.
Almost 24 hours a day.
Still love you anyway.
Come to Chicago !
Have you ever just had the urge to reach over  smack the ignorant person sitting by you?
Just went back and looked at the 500something tweets I don't remember making.
Turns out, it's all spam
Love is a Mother F?!
take your pick.
I'm usually pretty good at reading ppl, but this time I definitely was wrong.
You're welcome.
I hope the weather doesn't keep too many away.
Haha, that book seriously doctorins the life out of you.
I fell asleep standing up while reading it.
Haha.
Pics of Obama taking pics w troops  Bagram suggest pointnshoot camera industry will be fine as long as we keep invading places.
It sucks that because of church I can never see SandersSunday Ustreams :
Follow to get the latest updates on job openings at Peoplefluent.
Featuring new wines  lacofradiamiami ...The show Malbec, Joel Gott Cab, come test yr wine skills w/ world class wines.
Clearly the writers of Nikita liked Whedon's Dollhouse.
This entire episode is based on the same scifi tech...Where's Pria/Sierra?!
I need a REAL friend !
I'm so badass.
My spring break consists of sleeping all day, and....sleeping all night.
haha back of!
I know I was a little late...
Coaches we have all sports come find your players today
You always in some beef nigga lol
Behind every pretty girl lies a pack of haters.
If you're a buzz kill AND a cockblock you should just stop breathing
Someone Come Over  save me , I'm at home bored!!!!
Lol 
Dear students, it is your paper not mine.
You have had a month to find a topic and write, so stop asking me to do your work for you.
Thanks
Quick Clicks to the 2012 4A  5A Basketball Tournament Brackets
I'm officially taking over the bail game.
20 off bails available with special discount!
Tweet Me for more info.
Beam me up Scotty by is my fuckin jam
Every class with him ?
/3 Yeah it kills me
Do this then MOCT RT :Missed the first happy hour?Lucky ,we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m.too Everyday MonSat.
breauhare fonts is honored that his Cooper Goodtime font is being used for the logo of the Glen Campbell Goodbye Tour!
Don't forgetvisit the Experiential Ford Display THIS WEEKEND at the Madera County Fair!
Featuring the 2010 F150 2011 Mustang GT.
Bingo?
: I bet i know where my mom is...
The app will plug into a huge database and sync with other technologies, but for now think prototype.
RT : The easiest way to stop getting political phone calls is to just VOTE!
at the
damn my bad cuz, I got you
I am so tired but anyways having a good day by the way :
Last year Imported from Detroit rocked.
This year Detroit export puts on Superbowl halftime extravaganza.
Not a bad run ...
Usually about now super bowl weekend I remember there is a game tomorrow.
Oh yeah giants are playing!
I'm Hungry And I Want Some Pizza
Stop by and check out our Tech center.
You can see models, floor plans and so much more with the touch of a finger.
On train back to Hollywoodlife is good!
Oh for godsake!
Do I have to teach snow parking lessons to everyone?!
Stop spinning your wheels and give up.
Walk home.
Fuk all o u
Haul 2day from was buzzing pastries yum corn spinach cider  more!
The rumors are true.
will be bartending tonight for the very first time.
Heard she makes a killer long island
We can't wait!
Cant wait till opening day
No worries though.
The Jesus has risen 2010 signs are still there.
With the Christmas wreaths.
Performing Lounge Bklyn Ny
Who is this Republican establishment Newt is running against.
Hasn't he been a leader of Reps for 25 years.
Isn't HE establishment?
I'd rather be living there if I was you...
But yeah it's good
Ya, these are cool...
DSW: We learned a lot about the repercussions of passing for white among the descendants of the enslaved at Monticello.
RT : It's not enuff to want merger.
Take action.
Pls send in ur YES ballot right away  encourage others to do the same....
I can't find parts 40 and 41
yes u can't do anything else,just wait ..
but try to study ok : I wanna see a high grade :
When you get a cute text and you sit there and smile at your phone.
ok I'm good with that lol
has been inspired to compose dirty limericks and clean haiku.
Looked into magicJack, actually looks a little more interesting than I first though .
Uses YMax but still ties you to your computer.
Please no intro Tyga they already know
Hey  I just saw on Ellen today that Steve Carell is in a new movie called Seeking A Friend For The
Follow now..for great updates  get inside her world!!
Oh yeah IsTeamFire !!
putting in a new pair of contacts 
In Miami on set of his commercial getting ready to srart filming!
hahaha no lie I've hit my follow limit whatever the hell that is n when did this start?!
IGiveUp Twitter LOL
The shots are about to start at ice house with the girls and
seriously!
It was a good one too!
Bye twitter bjs ;
Every time I get called into my boss' office I assume I'm in trouble and have a mini heart attack.
where my food at
5star QB Gunner Kiel commits to LSU.
Merry Christmas, Tiger nation!
First bigtime QB prospect in a long time for LSU.
How u doin on this beautiful night?
Wearing a suit in a nonsuit environment either makes u look like an idiot or commands a lil' respect, I'm going with the latter
So far it seems like we had the biggest crowd.
Sure would be cool to win.
OLLG ticket this means war
your welcome.
Since I doctorpped out of high school I found out who my true friends were.
Who's at the Chicago Air  Water Show today?
Or are you planning on going this weekend?
Running a 5k in Des Moines this morning.
Big Bean has been milled and certified.
This crop looks great!
Buon Appetito, The Corner, Urban Solace...
Caught the last 15 minutes tonight...CONGRATS!
Just tweeted Catarah that yall got me goin out to get me some cupcakes right now!
Page's testimony ends without any questions about yesterday's Gmail outage.
Any events happening in Los Angeles?
is there an email I could reach you at?
DM me
Aww adam and doctorw.
went great!
:D
Let's all not forget to give thanks to the native Indians for letting us take there land and calling it thanksgiving
just cause your beautiful doesn't mean you can never text me ; but text me tonight ok  3
Hello world!
Boss lady is literally wearing stripper heels.
Pleaser Domina pumps.
The Derby means Derby Pie!!
I'm there in your sorrow under the weight of your shame
I'm at the 10th Annual Senior Ball, sponsored by State Senator Antoine Thompson.
More than 700 wonderful Seniors from the 60th Distrtct
I figured you be tweeting all day!
So I could at least see pictures haha
I don't see what's wrong here
great minds think alike!
but seriously..
that would blow
I hope Phillies fans give Jake Diekman a DEEEEEEEK call when he comes out of the pen.
If he misses you, hell call.
If he wants you, hell say it.
If he cares, hell show it.
now how to get him to follow me?!
OOH can you like spam him to have him follow me?!
That would be amazing if he followed me.
I think the smoke bomb works...
this is intense.
lol you gotta go FatFalfas is the best spot in town
i heart tabbed browsing, and i am sad that the circ desk computer doesn't have it.
Is the website down?
Can't seem to open up any linked articles w/o Nothing Found...
does selling exit row seats benefit passenger safety?
80yr olds on my flight certainly less safe than others there
Isn't it misfortunate that Amy Winehouse passed just as she was trying to get clean.It was recommended she not try to quit cold turkey.
telling a mom her son took 4 years in jail and listening to her cry will make anyone weary...
let's shoot my scenes now
Hell if I know
MadBum bunts foul with two strikes to give Jamie Moyer a strikeout.
The epic battle continues.
Ok, rebooting my work laptop for the 100th time!!!
Ready to start my week tomorrow.
RT : He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
Benjamin Franklin
Very hot here!
You'd like it.
Hawaii on 3rd of October for a week.
Going to Turtle Bay resort then Waikiki beach in Honolulu.
is a beast.
Wicked shredded
My body is killin me..
N it aint that I jus just got dun liftin weights pain either..
Big thanks to our newest followers!
Okay seriously, why does my mother have the ac off?
Shitttt
i forwarded it to other people...
that's true own to what you've done forgive yourself and move forward.
If I think the perfect teacher, perfect agent, or perfect role will make me happy, I realize it is an illusion.
I choose to be happy now.
The ASECS site needs a crowdsourced wikis to collect informal resources, such as blogs, podcasts, YouTubes.
Thank you for following us!
Is there any environmental reports you would like help with?
Yes it is!
Macy been reunited with her palm tree pillow.
We're making our way down to you!
Xo
Twitter101: Be INTERESTING; Follow INTERESTING People; RT INTERESTING things.
Remember people follow what they're INTERESTED in.
Hello Metropex !!Celebrate Mexico's Independence Day !!The celebration starts tonight and will continue through Saturday ...VIVA MEXICO !!!!
I like the big 10 too...but Bama all the way this time.
Hahah watch me get like no sleep.
lol its so boring in there now since he moved christian :/
So sleeeeeppyyyy!!!
What a day
All the glory belongs to you, oh God
I love you too:
wish you were staying, remember it gets balls hot out there...
110 plus everyday in the summer...
Suzanne, scrupulous and chivalrous loyalty
Roti Mediterranean Grill is fantastic.
Love.
Info on the real me at
newspaces4learning If you look beyond the matrix tab to the digital tools index..full of ideas and real uses to model
I need a bologna sandwich.
Is it weird that I am kinda looking forward to not having to suck my stomach in anymore hahah...
Yay for baby and the excuses I get to make.
I love my toilet!
We've been through a lot of shit together.
how deep do you take it on regular basis?
Today is the deadline to submit my PhD program application.
Exciting stuff!
really proud of myself for moving forward with this.
Cute things...on America TeVe!
yes kesha was telling me.
Indefinitely want to get married at the church, but I'll definitely look at it for the reception
let make money together we cant be stop !
Jesus said: I pray for those who will believe in me through their message, that all of them may be one  John 17:2121
Strongly dislike horse face
...
and when you're in a pinch between paydays, it's a great laundoctormat, met some nice folks doing load or two there....
It's been a minute.
How's it going?
I pray all is well!
i think so to.
keep remindin him to take of himself 1st b4 talkin to me but he's a bit stubborn.
thats ok tho.
u ever been out there?
Cali?
hear hear!
RT : SupportingDH was best panel so far at dlfforum.
Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
That sounds very unyogalike.
good thing we're cool cats
aye !
Wheres my graduation invitation !
?
!
Lol
: P.
DIDDY, Y U NO WAKE UP IN THE MORNING AND FEEL LIKE KEHA?!
Good morning hackers.
How are the apps for the nonprofessorts coming along?
Holla!
RT: : nosmartphoneguy gets another shout out from at
use I never knew it happened until like 3 minutes ago when twitter notified me.
FYI...
Gotta Praise was written by our own She's a great gift to my ministry  me.
Inside all of us, there is a wild thing.
WhereTheWildThingsAre 3
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 28
Thank you god for waking me up this morning.
kill my self.
get hip with today's talk
RT : The highest Tweets per second for SB came at the end of the game: 12,233.
2nd highest was during Madonna's performance: 10,245.
I'm such sick of being a Freshmen!
Im soo ready to be a Sophomore!
Holding down the fort in DC, but have fun with !
It totally is, they dealt with some more adult story lines too.
Maybe it somehow helped spawn the Life with Archie Series
390' of paper  many charcoal pencils later...
doctorss rehearsal tonight
that sux...sorry to hear it but i know the next phase will be da BOMB.
When a man goes on a date he wonders if he is going to get lucky.
A woman already knows.
Frederick Ryder
Some people don't get it!!!!
Its always a funky time of year here, mistersoftee is out while most of us still have on coats ugh spring how I loathe thee.
Amen and thanks for the blessings.
: Let Go and Let God..Love and Blessings to all of my followers.
she's gonna need darts to get me June
AH!
beast mode
this nigga getting a number and he's all happy and shit lmao 
its creepstock this summer.
Starting with
do u know everything about them?
MICA commencement at BSO.
Rain can't stop the future.
Go, Nick, go...and Caitlin, Michelle, Carla, Sam, Bon, and everyone else, too!
Hey rook, get off the field.
Wow!
Amazing back to back catches by the Brewers.
That Nyjer one was incredible.
Nerves of steel?
Nope.
Heart that yields?
Hell No.
So my aunt told me I am having a girl next yr....o0
Will be on WTLC AM with my good friend Amos Brown from 1:30  2:30 today.
Make sure to tune in!
The video feed of the Tornado in the Dallas area is terrifying.
Hoping my friends and family in Dallas are doing all right...
make sure you follow my magazine
Of course I want them back together.
It would make me happy.
But they have both proven that they're just not in love anymore.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Jordan not coming to the west coast.
ok
Easter is like Christmas for a sweettooth Hope the dessert came out great.
your knee has a lazy eye
Goggling shawarma restaurants near me...

Clearly, The Mister left town with the Bunny.
Classy.
He was fine by Sunday night, so hopefully I'll feel better in the AM.
At least I'm in bed and not on the floor.
G'night all.
Please tell the the brownies they made were super tasty  that they're wonderful bakers.
:
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity Horace Mann
Considering the hate for some gays here, you'd think they carried the plague.
Dude, who gives a shit who you sleep with or love.
MYB.
I like it!
Ces't Bon!
RT Discovered that a dash of in a GT really brings out the cucumber.
salt lick.
that is all.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes...I feel warm  fuzzy!
:
ARTIST get at me ASAP Hittmenn DJs 2012 OFFICIAL WEBSITE LAUNCH PARTY PACKAGE ATLANTA, GA.
MAY 9th  10th, 2012
what up mussomitchel
Bailey looks so confident out there.
It's great to see
greetings from Austin!
how goes the writing?
any good workshops coming up?
I miss the Garrett
Who wants a followback ?RT this or mention me.must be following
What is your favorite song by ??
Love may not make the world go round, but it sure makes you dizzy
RT How can the biggest vodacom store in Kolonnade not have any prepaid sim cards?
This tweet might as well be in Afrikaans
Its really scary....I refuse to pay more, and if you buy a game used you have to buy another online pass...why ???
Wanting Spring Break to hurry uuupppp and get here :
Ok the guy I meet 3 days ago say he str8 but he has a girl and 2 kids but ever day we r having sex I'm a lil lost?
???
What would u do ????
21, we need a new keeper!
yep, but very frustrating when such information is disseminated to the masses.
At first Timeline is creepy.
Then I was blown away by how reflective and personal it felt.
I think for some brands it could be great
High heels and High ambition!
you call me worse
wow.
I didn't know that.
:D
Open weave sweaters and Longchamp bags are not friends.
Thanks Great segment and we look forward to seeing you soon for more pizza and
Trouble.
He said Obama becomes the president in November, again, I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year
How the fuck do you get verified I'm confused...ths nigga got 1,769 followers and he's verified...am I missing something Oo
Me: There's no such thing as princes and happily ever after.
Jake: too bad there's no such thing as poison apples
What are my chances on getting into these universities?
1 Loving yourself is the first step....
TONIGHT: PTP THURSDAYS OUR OFFICIAL COLLEGE NIGHT 2 X 1 doctorNKS , FOR FREE ENTRY RE  TWEET THIS!
RT : thank you for your encouragement!
Sending lots of love  blessings your way!
well it's for a good cause I can't keep calm over the dodgers ever!!!
:D
thanks.
Definitely many emotions.
Fear, gratitude, happiness, more...
I'm quite enjoying Lydia Loren's extended analogy of hostage works and mitigating waste
We know fair use isn't perfect, but that doesn't mean it's not useful Then applies same logic to OW legislation
idk the usual I guess haha I need money!!!
bahaha what are you doing?
Ms.
Meise is VERY critical of school's and bullying.
She feels school staff should do more.
A very emotional interview.
BTR 10pmCT
yup 2 morrow for me...
Welp time to get back on the doctorms...POOF!!!!
probably riding down with Stevie
People havent always been there for me but music always has. Taylor Swift.
Ha, of course!
Silly me.
But even sushi would make their heads spin in 1958 meatnpotatoes land.
Good morning Friday!
I have a problem watching a guy who kicked the shit out of his girlfriend singing and dancing on tv.
Good day!
Saw MI:Ghost Protocol, good meeting with my bud with some new script ideas, next is a movie with Lexi!
Camera shopping Wed!!!
Thanks to for funding my habit this month.
First Lady Michelle Obama: began a goodwill visit to South Africa on Monday.
Tuesday she met with mister Nelson Mandela.
Godspeed to all!
it be like that sometimes : The person I expected to be there the most isn't, but okay ....
why do you care so much?
Orange and Blue.
The Garden.
nyk.
Think about it.
Yes, please!
Nursing homes woefully unprepared for natural disasters, federal investigators report
Back 2 back Ollies sessions this weekend.
Branny is fing rippin!
Some crusty ripper from Troy said mebranny skating brought him to tears
Just back from a great Twitter workshop by the voice of Awesome job,
Lol I gotta ask U in person.
Help Me Jesus I Was All Happy Amd Smiles Until I Heard Corey Loud Ass Mouth Damn  lol
thank you, so glad its over though!!
I could be in Nashville right now.
and you can bet yours, I won't slip even on wet floors...
Lol
has more maids there to take care of all his kids.
They don't pay taxes in NH.
Question before we get too far into this: Can my face be added to your IASIP tatt?
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Tempted to start tweeting pictures of people who don't wash their hands after using the restroom.
That's pretty gross, fellas.
To enable change, you have to make the case to the 60 of staff who are unsure.
Make it again and again.
Starting Friday Night Lights.
DVD set I borrowed from boyfriend's dad includes excellently dated previews, including one for HD/DVD
I like the new show format...it's nice to change up the rules to keep us wondering.
Not sure who I'm pulling for.
brings back memories :
Not at the coss of abuse
hahaha you know it.
:
School,Singing Audition,Film Audition,Homework.Looks like I have a full day.
thankful but busy.Have a great day!
SHOW ON JAN 28th.
Marquis theatre with some of denvers best Bringin it and Break through beautiful
Really?
That's unfortunate.
Great day 4 Italian Market in Philly America's oldest outdoor market!
Fruits, veggies, fresh corn tortillas, tote gf bakery  more!
We will be using the doctorpal Mailchimp integration module and I agree it looks promising.
Come follow my new show
Mya Hatchette is Autism bullying  abusing my severe physical Autism disabilities by filing n the wrong Federal Court division inaccessible
Lol ..
Ian know I put that on there ..
I was uploading it but when I saw yo tweet i had to turn up .
So nice to finally meet you.
Can't wait to destroy Seattle with sweetness!
I should've signed up to speak tomorrow.....No matter what I try to do, you always try to stop me......
haha alrighty.
I was kinda worried XP
Just saw the muppet movie...one word...hellmafuckinyes!
Damn near teared up during rainbow connection.
Brought me back!
Hope after the game lebron's mom isn't smacking the valet guys with her car
RT Keep smiling, it makes people wonder what youre up to.
TWITTER TABLE DEALBottle of Grey Goose  a Moet for 225 THIS FRIDAY !
!
BottleDeals!
Interested?
DM to reserve!
I know Im not strong enough to be everything that Im supposed to be, I give up.
Im not strong enough
Dude!!
No hockey until Saturday....WTH??
I am SO not used to this!!
You can't be moved by what you see.
You must be moved by what you believe...
you mean the 2000 choices limit in grefine?
you can change that.
Morning, glad I'm not doctorving downtown today.
Oops.
Ended up packing anyway.
Most fast growing startups are B2B rather than B2C.
hahahaha awesome.
Dude
That is an excellent find!
I love the color!
Dale Carnegie: Inaction breeds doubt and fear.
Action breeds confidence
6 packers cards
Follow me
is there a sale on honey badger?
Or perhaps its buy one get one free guinea pig day?
Our Thanksgiving feast is only half over.
6 games down, 6 to go at OSC11.
Dayton and Fairfield next up in the semifinal.
At the game sleepy
Thank You!
Totally appreciate what you are doing for artists
ayee!
We done got Ricardoto7000 trending!!.....I think :/ : hah!
Nothingfeelsbetterthan knowing actually there's someone who loves you for what you are
The 31st Annual Dick Batchelor Run for the Childoctorn 5k will be Saturday January 28th, 2012!!
OMG!
ha no I must have missed it abby
SO cold outside!
No!
what are you doing??
I'm jealous!
I finally found the one thing Bentley won't eat..ironically..her new heartworm pill .
Lls!
Ol Dave Hollister Singing Ass!
Lol Tell That Fool I Said My Feet Killing Nigga!
Josh Beckett, who is he??
OH that pitcher from Boston.
Sorry I don't follow baseball but once again so what who cares?
Joy Behar voice
Better than all the 24s.
I was pissed about the judges on glee
Is this when normal people sleep?
Cause I'm wide awake.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
I will literally pay someone to write me this paper !!!!!
Christopher Schafer Clothier April Newsletter.
Several of these hist.
structures already have groups working to save them:
Uh huh.
How is the picture on the Apple TV, anyway?
So pretty.
what's up AWSOME !!!
Lol Victoria !
yomomma so ugly she turned medusa into stone
Greatness is not necessarily a function of circumstance.
It's first and foremost a conscious choice and discipline.
Jim Collins
New ringspun tshirts available at a great price!
Are San Diegans paying too much in property taxes?
What we uncovered tonight at 5pm.
hates working in live switchgear
did you mention have!?
:
Good first quarter ...
Great intensity
Listening to sermons while we are on the home stretch back into nashville.
I'm doing very well thnx!
Been busy  that's good!
I'm watching tv w/ Dad  he says hello
I tried to write you back and it wouldn't let me.
For me to write you back on direct message, it says you need to follow me.
WHat's up twitter?
:
i havent taken my contacts out in almost three weeks, so my eye doctor will kill me 
The hosting thing is a completely different animal.
Its so wicked to hear our crews music  its really On!
on Corron's massive speakers ..
massive!!
woke up from a nightmare..
now try going back to sleep ugh
keep trying to get people to come id love for a lot of people to see it and maybe hopefully she will see it
prettylittlethings is expected completetion in late septemember, early october.
: mouths a real bad word, and runs awaylmao
This weather is crazy!!
:
Gtown Law is officially registered for powershift11!
Getting pumped for some !
RT : .....Not funny...
guess u cant b myfuturehusband itz a process I gotta Noe I gotta chance 1st ;
FUPAs are so gross.
Is that Lt.
Daniels in the under armour ad?
Yeah buddy!
Tomorrow is turkey, touchdowns and thanks day.
What's your favorite thing about Thanksgiving day?
Curling my hair with a sock o.o cause thats possible.
Time to get my Zumba on
I'll say one thing for sure: These men are brave!
I'm gonna eat them alive...and did they really just HighFive?!
I pray for some miracle to happen on sunday which make City either lose or doctorw and United win.
I like your Bio ....
it's so true, I also think the same!
Nonsense, the Hawks are never not a la mode.
2wins in a row for RFS..
Meanwhile O's get slammed by Toronto
Wishing I had apc tomorrow!:
thanks for the info...will check out data sync for GW8 for doctorid and iphone
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
Not what I said.
Should apologize to Malkin, saying he imagines she narrates her text with a set of big, hairy balls in her mouth?
I think I'm going to officially start browsing for a new NFL team, the Bengals are just too worthless  via fb
Going out tonight in Queenstown thanks to the Discounts on doctornks we get for be with the !
I'm glad.
It's about time
Questions?
Feel free to ask away
Awesome basketball tourney today...the only thing I won was the rock, paper, scissors for possession
WhatHurtsTheMost is being lied to even when you know the truth
Worst.
Day.
Ever.
I hope all goes well, Maxi.
I'll hold your hand
need help getting it out and if it makes money we have country to save!
so I'm all in!
LISTENING TO ONE DIRECTION with 3
Guys Jose kidnapped me :'
thank you for following me!
With a week to go it is a sprint between the cool dudes and the rockers for the League of Dorks title.
My gf will be happy when it's over.
fundoctorising is the bane of my existence!
Getting it in 4 the big two five
FREE Recorder shirts today only!
You pay shipping and we'll send you a shirt Current sizes available M, L, XL more info contact...
Time and memory are true artists; they remold reality nearer to the heart's desire.
John Dewey
: : FOLLOWBACK or UNFOLLOW.
3minute from here.
is this some kind of ultimatum?
lol
SERIOUSLY BITCH YOUR NAILS ARE UGLY EITHER WAY.
GO AWAY.
PLEASE.
FALL IN A WELL.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :BearBear have an electric plug.
Weird?
data is so much more complex than score or arbitrary cut point.
Too bad so few Ed leaders understand this.
Jobob and the Jobobettes!
I'll be Jobob, you guys can be the Jobobettes!
:P
we just did another tanning salon like that
wat did u say
thanks!
wrangler can support  500k rows with script export.
lemme know if you have any issues.
im happy to help
I  FOOD
the bad calls are ridiculous
Thanks so much for making CHICKEN BUTT'S BACK!
your Picture Book of the Day!
Working on Standard of Ur photos for our new video
Straight, No B.S.
tweeter
super jealous!
any1 in the buffalo/ontario/rochester area hit me up if u looking for a new or certified Nissan!!
I liked the blog entry.
I get the What are you?
question too...but saw no reference to foursquare...
I'm most definitely not looking forward to doctorving to Conway 7am tomorrow.
Wow!!!
another influential employee leaves IW, much luck and success on your next endeavour.
The MW franchise won't b da same.
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to an human soul.
Joseph Addison
love that this series exists.
pumped for the rest.
Collaboratively Speaking
I can't imagine one without the other.
Well, and a hammock.
MentionYourCrush how about no
Enjoyed yesterday's Magic and Margaritas with Francine Busby, Todd Gloria, Alan Gin and Jess Durfee
Why is she saying it's Miranda's fault he did the whole doctorg/undercover thing?
She didn't even know about it!
So Paulo, Brazil!
damn, we live so far away!!
This better not be a three way tie
theres always that moment where u want to break down and cry
The ice cream truck is playing home on the range
night: and wazzzup?
Sorry to hear you are having trouble.
Our team may be able to help.
Super cute fitness wear...I definately will check that out.
Thanks!
Happy President's Day .
.
.did anyone get the day off??
I'm working!
which brew was your favorite?
CNN: Facebook increases the number of shares it will offer the public by 25, seeks to raise up to 16 billion.
loll, thank you!!
33 love you guys.
Who decides to rebuild a bridge over the busiest highway in town at 8 in the morning in the middle of the week?
Come on people!
When folks romanticize life as a fulltime writer I remind them I'm also a fulltime publicist, secretary, and travel agent.
Further thoughts on previous tweet: I'm not sure I like the use of the phrase Baby Mama doctorma in that headline.
Too cutesy, I guess?
Hm.
: lol I was being sarcastic lol oh, I know.
Don't worry
Santigold for the ride in.
Brrrap!
Sorry PaulBots, not interested.
I love America  Israel Just the way it is.
Well Tiger knocked it in the woods first shot of the Masters.
Hope the whole week isnt like that
lmao calm down...
If i was your boyfriend i would never let you go, i could take you places you've never been before.
;
I enjoyed the hound of baskerville on Sherlock much more than last week's episode.
It's like nothing else I've ever seen
Start your weekend out right, Art and a Cocktail!
Bring it on down to Mydwelling tonight and mingle with Mindspike Design and friends....
Making pie crust with bacon grease.
Because I love the earth.
And bacon.
you are realy hot
Thanks for the plug!
Are the photos from Monday up yet?
So, this is my 100th tweet.
Lol
No buses, no yellow cabs..
blizzard and more.
Thanks for having us!!
Thanks for the RT!!
Washing clothes.
What great fun!
....NOT!!
Munchkin is asleep listening to my zune so I'm bored as hell :/ need to charge my nano  workout
same as you!
Sophomore!
2014 baby
Btw.....geography fail.
Philly is not too too far from Hershey....
Thou shall puff puff pass
Good work!
Thank ya!
.
If the other race had been in the hospital recovering from cancer, then he would've.
Why can't skydive for my morning wake up instead of doctornking coffee?
Why?
Why?
hes a rapper :
Thanks for the RT!
We had a great time at the poker tournament :
My night is seriously lacking in the and and chickenproblems department!
The crashes are excellent.
Yes, I heard him speak and thought the same thing.
Badass guitarist with a sweet voice.
I have been the last 3 years.
glad it worked out!
the poor usability of the medieval medical encyclopedia helped create modern toxicology.
there.
i said it.
that's what happens late at night though lol :
RT : Livetweeting of the 50th anniv.
of John Glenns Friendship 7 mission starts at 9:30 am at !
Love of mine, one day you will die but I'll be close behind I'll follow u into the dark
I think he only said he can handle them on girls so he wouldn't upset fans.
Plus I think he has a thing for Payton Rae.
haha grammar police is on the case!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME 3
iis12 applauds the app demos from Dow Jones and Lexis.
New apps mean new APIs
that is actually a really fun and clever way to look at it!
I will contemplate it, once I've submitted grades.
At the press box
RT : I'm not sure if America is ready to be a second rate nation quite yet.
I hope to see all of you this Friday at the Handmade Marketplace to Support Buffalo First!
I'll be there with my handmade scarves.
NYC:1 of the only cities where there r literally over 100,000 bathrooms within a quarter mile of u  all times n u can only use like 2 of em
very true :.
Do you stay up all night or wake early?
See I'm a night owl, 4am is bedtime not waketime.
I LOVE that....
Kay.
.
Question for all of you..: Choose: Batman or Superman?
im MovesLikeNialler on the AC Family meeting chat :B
well I am very much involved in a relationship, for 2 yrs now spoon we'll just be tweet buddies :
lol people acting like were doomed because of a terrible inning...i just wonder if some people understand word fan
You leading the web presence???
I have more followers than a buffalo with its beard trimmed!
AND more than you!
Tonight is the night !!!
Make sure you get your ass to amped tonight sand show ur live fir Die as you fall!!!
Doing the dishes.
the world may never know.
I wholeheartedly agree.
It's disgraceful.
celebrating k dawgs bday with the girls...
heading out for some margaritas.
DAISY is the most accessible format.
Watch yourself.
his mouth should just come with a zipper and just zip it.
its a saturday night, and im so bored, everyones on vacation...and im stuck at home..
....THINKING MY NEXT BOY GNE BE A WHITE BOY...JS LIKE OLE DUDE FROM MGK WILDBOY...BUT DAT WILL BE A WHILE FRM NOW...JS WANNA B SOLO!!!!
HRTrainingPortal.com  Conferences/Seminars: 10 per month.
Title, URL/Email links, 5 key words.
I'm gearing up to start a survey on FoodSecurity in SanAntonio using
On Wisconsin!
with a pick 6 on Dalton.
who gives a fuxx???
They came to my client even before I could contact them LOL and yes they were from Brothers which is a Double Eagle extension
Let's chill:
Merde!
perhaps?
Assuming your ancestors were french.
but also c'est la vie
haha I'm kidding.
Simmer down
Please stop SOPA
Hey I went and grabbed some doctorwings.
Let me know if there's room tonight, otherwise I will make it next time!
me and Melissa are really bored ...
Happy New Years twitter fam!!!!
you  me both
every 200 women is born with a third
Does healthy come with batteries?
Lol.
Cause I got that covered.
;
MLB All Star selection show on Sunday morning surewhynot!
follow follow
JParris is in the House!
but which aunt Vivian is it?
Stop doctoraming about recruiting the heavy hitter.
The best business builders are those with a burning desire to succeed.
Singin'  Cowboy Palace tonight!
When i started doing public art, people were like, murals aren't public art; public art is sculpture!
JG
lol hang in there.
heck yeah :
Notebook doodles?
What is this, high school?
You're about a step away from asking someone to join the Pen 15 Club.
:
Amazing meeting u yesterday, Josh.
Loving the album  the pic u posted from your visit!
Talk soon.
Thanks so much for the mention and sharing the blog links :
At Geisha:
Cougars for Cody
who yo team?
Omfgggg are people really making another twitter to support mandy?
SHE ISN'T GOING TO GET YOU TO THE BOYZ AND SHE DOESN'T DO SHIT SO STFU
Congratulations!
Lucky people who get to read it early!
Can't wait.
what I loved the most about Avengers : Chris Hemsworth's gorgeousness, Chris Pine's butt, Mark Ruffalo's doctor Banner  of course, Iron Man.
I was wondering where I was going to turn to elevate my blood pressure before 9AM.
Now I know.
Oh wow.
Sounds impressive.
Good game Chris Wingate Jr  Sean Morgan from Walton High School  Peach State Augusta GA AAU Basketball Game...
: Words arent enough to tell you how wonderful you are.
I love you.
Def looking forward to our article.
Added a few more things to Google doc, but hope to have more to add as year winds down.
I don't promote anymore
to bad you couldn't sleep until you normally get up..
Get some extra..
Cleaning up the mess while listening to Born This Way.
: If anybody has a hook up on flight tickets let me no!
we also need a van If anyone knows a good deal on a van let me no
PLEASE FOLLOW 
Cleaning house, putting bad thoughts out of my mind.
omg was planing to do laundoctor but it seems like a bad idea lol tell Yoli yw
crucible.
Good stuff
Actually Bootstrap has been great overall.
Seems like somehow I ended up with an incomplete file and DIFF looks like a nightmare
Apparently it's spam o'clock.
Trust me, bots, I don't care about the people talking behind my back, so I don't need your DMs.
Its not a real acct
Barbie's measurements if she were life size: 392333.
: Everybody welcome to TeamiPhone  holds up new jersey
Hi Phil!
Sorry but those are only available at the distillery!
You will have to come see us!
Shine responsibly!
I guess that's why ur supposed to bring in ur closer AS SOON AS IT BECOMES A SAVE SITUATION.
ME 2 Scott!!!
WELL SOON HE WILL KNOW KATIE SUE.
AND SAMMY.
How I know it is going to be a long day: I finished an entire thermos of coffee within my first hour of work.
Reading up on a tutorial about the html5 synchronous filesystem API for workers.
RT : Hi all!
We love the books you've been bringing us but WE WANT MORE!
doctorp off your donations 2day!
You too :
Fans on Dodgers Deal: It May Be Magic
I get emotional like a gurrrrrl when I get sleepy.
New zac efron movie trailer just played and now I got the sniffles
wewontlastif we can't communicate
You could have at least brought me coffee!!
Lol kidding
Ugh...
There is no A/C in this building.
THESE FRANCHISE OWNERS ARE TOO DAMN CHEAP TO REPAIR IT!
are you going to any of the concerts?
thank you for being about the music, which is more than I can say for some other organizations who proclaim the same.
Buy the tractor  it content farms foursquares at once!
Fact.
I would rather hear I got something else by third eye blind that I got ran over by a reindeer.
What say you?
Thanks to for her libs4jobs keynote.
Great talk about the importance of
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play?
Oh honey...
Monday Night Broncos!
Buy one Roast Beef Deluxe and Get Any Sandwich Free until 2 pm.
Go Broncos!
Come and get lunch or call 3036230525.
I WILL SUCCEED!
AN WE WILL BE OnTOP!
...
Career Journey class.
Denial isnt a river in Egypt
I lived in London as a child:
Hope it wasn't one of your coworkers who made the mistake!
She's awesome!
VA reppin' : RT : 10 athletes we're thankful for on Twitter...10: See pro soccer from a player's POV.
what's up sexy boy
Why is the Dallas airport so cold when it's 80 degrees outside?
Any suggestions for a good book on Web Site Project Management?
Fck I can't.
Closing the bar.
How about next Friday?
So who wants to bring this birthday girl some lunch?
Hm ??
Love what you all are doing!
Keep up the great work!
Let us know how we can be apart.
Happy Friday!
RT
because me and Cristina were going at it.
First she snitched on me for skipping.
I cant stand that scrawny bitch!
We shall overcome!
today with brand new poem of the month calendar 2011 and poets.
We'll be tweeting the premiere reading.
Ottawa groups aiding immigrants hit by second year of deep funding cuts  Ottawa Citizen
..Im bout to scrap all this social networking shit  live peacefully wit my guy  small circle of quality friends
Ting Talks: The Goodbye Girl: Pitting brother against celebrity brother in ...
Johns Hopkins NewsLetter
Has anyone else ever been this nervous w/a 30 lead?
No dude I already left I have to go back to jail : P.S.
jail  school
Wish I was at the game tonight!
Let's go Preds!
We're going to start at 3:15 ET here.
Lineups coming shortly.
will do bro!
Not until you tell me to stop.
Lol
...both teams are involved.
It only makes sense, when nothing else does, that it comes full circle...
Thanks for helping spread the word about Slow Me Down!!
Have a great weekend!
I'm a mess, cursed and blessed.
love the post!
i just made the same move recently...
and my past month includes plenty of Shake Shack, beer and bagels too.
:
LMFAO!
Great minds think alike 
I'm doctoraming of a world where Action Method apps by integrate with  where all my reference stuff lives.
Porque yo Voy para Coachella mucho!
And when I saw you updated your status on fb I was like omg no way his from Coachella
Coworker just pointed out to me that, in our office for two, we have seven Apple computers.
Good morning.
You are right one good friend is a miracle.
glad you enjoyed!
Finally, NBA2K12!!!!
So glad Andoctorw nabbed 30 rebounds, boy's actin a man.
Keep it up
we don't have all half days only the last day
Whiskey ginger.
We learned from the best!
RT : What's your Dad's favorite doctornk ?
Yes, let's do that!
Maybe to watch one of the Caps games?
Listening to my new ipod 
Really enjoying the trade deadline.
Some great moves, specifically jondaniels and
Getting set for night tour of Fdoctor WWW 2, Vietnam, Korea and Lincoln memorials.
I like new logos.
Logos logos logos.
the US has the most m/billionaires in the world Also highest child poverty of devel nations except Mexico
PACERS BABY!!!!
Rip my heart out and taste the death you created
Oh haha yes of course but I can't DM you now cause it says you're Jordan following me :P
They're better, but their not going to win the East.
There are 150 games to go, give it some time.
Yes, at least for part of the day.
MT : Q5: As an introvert, you've got to put yourself out there to connect.
Whew!
Feels like an MBA class with at
Let's play pool.
Crystal ballroom with Come on over.
yeah.
so aggravating.
too many clients insisting on this and refusing to submit to reason.
Young people can learn some flash/CCS.
Teach students basic coding to create an healthlit game
I haven't used GAC.
Sorry!
I'm funny.
Don't lie.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
u gotta watch niggas BET
and what exactly is there to hate?:Kelly xoxo
Could we convince bigots to let everyone get married if we told them they hate America  are taking jobs from the wedding industry?
Dude, have you sold that Mustang yet?
Film Industry
PIERRE is Farragut.
Window opens at 11:30.
Its a perfect Ficelle day!
I mean, I don't WANT to be a bad guy.
Sometimes I have to for others to look good...
my second cousin was just killed in a car accident.
so upset...currently praying for his sister and parents.
I've clearly been neglecting Twitter.
I'll do better.
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
1
Humility is the root of greatness.
Laotzu
Heres to those warming up our world on this cold CharityTuesday!
.
in the building with AmericanCraft at it's finest!
too funny :o
Tonight at 10, a smoke alarm, a car horn, a train signal..what your kids can't hear when they have their headphones on.
TMJ4 On Your Side
NSNovelties is in the Castle this morning hosting a training class for our associates.
Make is a great day!
two words: wireless testing
Leetaru: web is reality for general public now
im not picking the winner so I cant play favorites.
3 u all!
LETS GO HEAT BABY 30

When we first met, I had no idea youd become this important to me.
Love you gabriel rosado
today was perfect:
I love that twitter turns simple chat into conference calls CC
The health trend of establishments using less salt in food really messed with me, it's hard not to reach/ask for the shaker.
miss you bro.
Writers welcome!
: To move downtown Chicago or not to move downtown Chicago?..
Tis the question.
Opinions welcome.
SmackDown christan vs john m five star match
great, was just going to say you had room for another.
when does get to providence?
wish she did american.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Robert Frost
We've watched Princess Bride and now we're watching the As You Wish documentary.
This movie makes me happy.
make that Psychology lol,
Yeah, it's tough.
I didn't know about moron until you said it and I Googled.
Even stuff I know not to use slips out.
Harbaugh was exuberant.
Big deal.
Lions coach acted like a 2 year old  totally childish  I thought was a man's sport.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take
Hey  good day for a picnic or maybe a family dinner on the back patio  31st of August is National Eat Outside Day ...
enjoy!
Look forward to lowfat chocolate milk at the finish of the IMM.
will have thousands of samples for recovery!
so says imdb!
It depends on the library.
I have been in libraries where new projects were squashed by administration, and it's hard.
you definitely do!
Fill out a tattoo request form at kustomthrills.com :
David Carr is still concussed from playing behind the texans line for 34 years
Looking for a single Vancouver ticket!
:
oh you will have plenty of messages in the morning to look at :
Can anyone suggest some good local/regional craftbeer for a reader traveling to NewOrleans?
Sounds like bourbon, not beer, is king there.
Thinking it's going to take a while to get over Brett Favre going to the Jets.
sigh
Disagree.
Sorry.
BUT, I get to hang out, have doctornks, and play music w/producer next week.
Having a music party at office.
who won ayeverb vs hitman?
just curious about ya opinion!
Zombie walk for family in Shelbyville 10/29  5 pm Porter Center to Strand Theatre
we will surely miss you but thank you for the many years of great fun, food, and MUSIC!
It's always the men you don't want that text you on a regular basis
Spotify  inviteonly internet music service.
As of last week.
Pandora/iTunes sweating while raising importance of radio online advertising?
BecauseofObama there will be alot more Grooms cakes sold
Refresher course time.
I foresee a lifetime of barely keeping up.
Good catch.
I wonder why they chose that building?
The First Wisconsin building would have been my choice to keep.

Thanks so much for the FF mention!
Happy Friday.
:
Stupid science tutorials ./
Uh, is that what they call a tossed salad?
Jayz at chastain tomorrow night?
Fine wine and Jigga?
If baby falls asleep after she starts nursing, gently wake her to be sure she gets the morefilling hind milk, according to pediatricians.
AS LONG AS I'M YOUR HOOKER
full of energy this morning but still want a starbucks skinny caramel macchiato.
:/
Dad: I'm having lunch with PMF Me: PMF?
Dad: Psycho Mother Fucker.
Isn't it great?
No one ever guesses the P.
joins He tells the boys the first thing he does when he gets into a hotel...coming up at 5:35!
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
Thanks or visiting!
Alex Clare's The Lateness of the Hour features many Soulful mashers, including the hit Too Close.
Get it
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already.
John Buchan
Do you want to be a leader in just five days?
www.LeadershipRising.com
Yep I will be there.
This is a going to be another great episode.
I have it on good authority that will be getitng more copies of MIXTAPE in this week or next!
Bergen St.
Comics is AWESOME
Always fucking use my shit , my products , my utensils !
I dont fuckinh have shit left !
that'll look real nice next to my Zim Express trading card and Woody Woodchuck bobble on my desk
They serving crabby patties?RT : Oh, really?
I thought it was a SpongeBob reference.
Never seen J Shore.
how many more days of school left?
A college...is about transmitting knowledge of  from the past so they may doctorw upon it as a living resource in the future
Hoping I dont die at bootcamp
: In line for with  are you first?
;
did you also try Choropleth dots for single point data?
Cleaning the car,
I'm not doing any design work tomorrow!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!c::
thanks man do u have a site or u just use twitter?
ha ha
Google Buzz is interesting, but I need it to work on my iPod mail.
I'm sure will have something interesting to say about it.
it's a shame you have that sumo wrestling tournament tomorrow
Have you voted 4 your fave New Year's Resolution yet?
The winner receives a getaway to !
Vote by 10am tmister: twtpoll.com/tf9mh9
No, you got that!
And you got that in all the right places ;
She is super strong.
So was I.
But I was living with some silent mama issues and I had no idea my routines were make it worse!
Making yummy tilapia!
M :
Hey Seattle, paper or plastic?
2 things are infinite universe  human stupidity  I'm not sure about the formerEinstein Critics on Irene Too much/Too little prep
apparently they are unaware of how babies are made!
I'm super busy.
This week, soon.
I promise you.
I'm so sorry.
Have a great holiday decorating idea?
Share it with us!
It's disconcerting to reflect on the number of kids we have flunked in chemistry for not knowing what we later found to be untrue.R Webber
Relaxed now.
Asleep later?
Disneyland is right across the street from me...
but I still have 500 emails that I need to answer!
What do I do?!?!?!
guess that run for the presidency really helped huh?
Looks like we are another day closer to the fall of the Euro.
Ha ha!
What up fam!?
Long time!
Yeah I just peeped u tweeted earlier.
U still gettin' it in?
there thats better...was lookin kinda scruffy
Looking forward to reading all of your contest entries on my Facebook page!
Ann Evensen makes great use of interactive teaching  talking about practical precepting in the clinic now.
RT : Have an online portfolio/blog.
Update regularly.
Broadcast your unique voice.
Interact and connect with others.
RT : Wow!
A World Tour, successful business career,  now Internet newspaper!
Amy DeRosa Enterprises coming soon!
:
Wat y'all think about THE WEEKEND y'all feeling his music?
Prince is coming to the O's in about 57 years, when he is washed up and overweight.
mom got ice cream
And pretty much anywhere.
Metro Detroit was certainly the same, haha.
Oh boy.
I SAW YOU DIS MORNING !!!!:D
Hailey's having problems breathing.....working on it.
Pain seems better.
you can't make fun of me if i make fun of myself first.
That suck ass moment when you think you're doing ok then you open your laptop and see your background.
Someone should web cast the Cap'n Jazz show tonight so I can get snacks together and watch it.
So, work on that for me Chicago.
Wurth at 19 HR?
With his average, major let down for the money they gave him.
nice hat :
There's no business like show business like no business I know!
Let us go about the work of extending the promise of America  for this generation, and the next.
President Barack Obama
Feisty!
I on the other hand am totally chillon a beach far from the brutal give and take of the theatah.
watching doctorp dead diva..
i love this show :
kim im shotty the god mother
Just fire his pussy ass already.
Won on a walkoff homer.
I LOVE IT.
It's a Wordpress website built by from We contracted to have the logo designed.
Thanks for the retweet!
tonight i'm spinning at English Bar and catch my mixes 1011pm on 1035 kiss fm chicago!!
sca2012 Templates for creating bulk metadata.
Mostly starting from folderlevel EAD data from existing finding aids.
It's not silly at all!
Congratulations!
Happy Easter!
bruce is so sweet...always knows how to handle the situation!
Brett Lawrie: Funny guy, fiery competitor, noexcuse man
The best vitamin to be a happy person is B1
My bby is 13 pounds 9oz : awww getting so big yet so small still !!:
Saw In Time it is a really good movie that makes one think...
How do I spend my time?
yeah sure : and thanks :D also i think i followed you on tumblr?
Not only a kiss ,but also a dance!As I ran into my sisters arms, we became the same light, and we twirled,round  round 2souls
HEALTHCARE Would you rather pay 14,000 or 4500 for the same heart bypass oper and doctor Find out how?
www.amazon.com !
Cold calling is to joy, as torture is to rainbows
That's funny!
RT : YouAintHittinItRight  if she doesn't threaten to cut it off if you give it to another girl...
Finna see if i can get da car 2day..
Talk with me later about this?
I'm curious how digital methods vary by the time period we work on.
I thought it was April 14.
Bc it's always the Saturday of my birthday.
I know there are a few similar solutions, and something like this will likely be my next universal remote.
Watching my future exhusband on Fairly Legal...I don't think he could be any hotter.
Love this show 3
Sadly no, the band is no more...
but I'll form a new one just so you can front it.
Ha, what did I just watch?
you may be slightly familiar with the site
Unfordunately Im a one offer kind of squatch also in pretty high demand also very busie also might be seeing someone also have s
Seaside Half Marathon I can't wait!
No nail biting as polishes boom
Haha you go girl!!
Bring sexy back!!!!!
I also realized after you left that we didn't talk about flavors...
busy day.
Lol call the shop tomorrow
Rephrase that statement.
MAN, get off my TL.
lol
totally thought of you muffin xoxo
...and I agree that your last tweet is prob right.
Not a teacher  applying to teach4america, so maybe I will find out.
: Is it national tear your ACL month?
Don't get it twisted.
It's Asian Pacific American Heritage Month
This week is a nightmare but next week is good!
Tue/Wed/Thurs????
:
My girlfriend, , in reference to how bad Mark Reynolds is I bet him and Kevin Gregg are best buddies...I love my woman
A good shoot in the Hamptons today!
if you guys can plz pray for my sister its a long story but she cant see or talk or hear out of one hear or walk so plz pray!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME JUSTIN33
I can't wait for the fair 
In 2012 it's not cool to have a babymoma!
Something like a bad tattoo!
I need a cover up!
Ironic guys think Barbie has the ideal body considering the fact that she doesn't have a vagina.
I wouldn't miss it for the world 3 PUNK'D
I have a small crush on after his concert in COMO!!!
So damn SeXY!!!
AH OMG
Maan , lollipop just came on my pandora station.
Song is so old!
Trust your instinct to the end, though you can render no reason.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our next show will be in Indianapolis Jan.
20 at with The Lemonheads.
You can get presale tickets from us.
: is she even online?
Lol I don't even know lmao!!:
when people tweet my gifs i get so excited idk c':
Twitter...fb....flour........ice describes me right now!
LOL!!
let him slide his bday in in like 28mins I love how doesn't love me anymore  neglects me.
i mean c'mon everyone, don't send hate.
really, they are humans too and have feelings.
and if you send hate it won't make the boys who like
quote The trouble with referees is that they just don't care which side wins.Tom Canterbury
i love pearl jam!
crisis averted?
Miss ya bro!
you can hang out in our room : haha.
Awww, that's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
Barf, barf away...
the sweet sound of retching during SWEETS.
Nortman Bradley?
Sounds like Milton's longlost brother in the minor leagues.
Savour the wholhearted smiles/laughter/happiness you share with your spouse/family/friends.
They are special.
hehe thanks for rt your own quote!
Nice meeting you today for just a few moments.
Great panel !
Hope to meet you at TXLA12!
Damn I love you.
Sad to see go.
understand.
the loudest ppl r the always the dumbest.
Peace and much CLE love to you bro.
Good advice from PR hall of fame honoree Dave Senay: Don't spend time regretting the past or fearing the future.
NICK JOHNSON STOLEN BASE!
seen them 2X, such an energetic set, warning they doctornk a lot especially Kyle
I got tats up on my arm cause this shit is life.
you lost your mind about the Celts,,,Merry Christmas Lets go KNICKS
In Seattle for over a week now and I realize my fondness for the letter W: I miss Will and the Weims.
Smokin some of that xmas tree with tha boys hit me up
Lying awake listening to the rain fall.
Gosh, there ain't nothin' better than a rainy night.
The Chute was intense yesterday!
I feel like I died during that nap I just took
Dino has been adopted!!!!
We all love Dino and wish him and his new family the best: Hopefully we will get to see him again for visits!
Thanks I will have a look for some deals now
EXPRESS sale going on now until January 16th.
25 OFF EVERY 75 YOU SPEND
Any special plans?
Or just sightseeing and whatnot?
I haven't had a vacay in two years!
I think it's time :
Lakers blew huge leads all year.
Only makes sense that they now blow a huge series lead.
Holy crap im about to be an aunt!!!!!!!!
:O
I'm not sure how one joins the task force.
I was tapped!
RIGHT?!?
I ate my half for dinner last night...
Then I was sad.
Kraft removed their case of Mac  Cheese from Amazon Subscribe and Save.
RIP.
If I am already prepared to let something fail, why bother even doing it in the first place?
I thought one of my fish was dead...but then realized he was just planking...silly fish
Good luck!
have fun!
RT : Beach volleyball tonight
ThingsIReallyCantStand people that mess with my hair,people that hit me on the back,and people that don't like
Hahahahaha you're not missing much bean
Feeding the ducks.
They are obviously fans of food.
Tea Party is a fundoctoriser 4 LS1426 Continuous Love project.
Special guest is Ms Kim Fields.
Whose doctoram Are You Following?
Get ur tkt now!
ok but follow me back because twitter follow limits once you have 2k followers are irrational
Awesome idea!
would you like to see sign to Bad Boy with ?
Everyone's in a relationship and I'm just sitting here like ...I love my dog....''
Hope everyone's having an awesome cloudy day!
matter fact i don't wanna live that type of life...
cause if i get into it with my girl, i be damned if another nigga get my makeup sex lmao
Loving this weather right now!
hey ladies, ITS FRIDAY !!!
Enjoy your weekend :
well its a day off : its a national day and no one work or go to school :
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack.
Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
You didn't prove me wrong....
It was doctorfted by a computer
Megan Screentime : MadMen :: Gore and Boobs : Game of Thrones.
Both make me kinda wanna stop watching
Come talk to us about corneal hysteresis and biomechanics at ARVO2012 booth 319.
Sufjan Stevens is playing at Starbucks.
No better music to listen to while studying.
I'm sorry, you're just an easy target.
lol
It's only funny now because he came runnin back ...as they all do.
;
Hey!!
Would you follow my best friend,she and I LOVE YOU!!!
tweet back THANKS!!
3
Happy Traditions Day!
We're singing on WhiteGravenor steps at 2!
/yd
I don't know.
Could we get some MFAs?
GREAT AUSTREAM LAST NIGHT:D i totally LOVE ur new song.
Its my 1 now and 11:11 is my 2: u made me laugh so thanks: 3
When keeping it real goes wrong
RT Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
good morning charlie and heather happy thursday
There are plenty of granola bars in the sea!
My mom buys too many flowers
I don't think so, she's been going to events for a while without being in publication.
Let's don't say anything about the money, OK?
I don't want it to get around.
Especially to
NOTE: Peace and Prosperity through World Trade: Achieving the 2019 Vision edited by JeanPierre and Fabrice Lehmann now available.
Do you have any numbers on how much money the workers actually made/raised this way?
Not to dampen the mood, but I'll be sleeping.
Wish I was at the game.
Nothing to lose.
The nurses take such good care of my son  I during our stay...Thanks 4 having such love  compassion..very much appreciated!
Dusty Bibles lead to dirty lives.
Read God's word and live in righteousness
RGIII sounds like the name of an awesome robot from the future.
I like it.
I feel weird not having my nails painted.
Need to paint them
How are you not gonna have someone on Crabtree?!?!
That is crazy!
Did I catch your doctorft right last night?
I was thinking of replying with something equally as cryptic to write but couldn't
great season, man!
You can never clown me I'm
umm, you're welcome?
Nice, I see you color coordinated w/your shirt ;!
Today is the fouryear anniversary of my dad's death.
I can't believe so much time has passed.
My heart has healed, but I still miss him.
She gave me the shot right where my belt loop hits.
Tanya Plibersek is my MP and I am proud of her today ...
Can u rock wit me?
Non stop wit me?
Can u take it to the top wit me?
hahahahahahahahahaha I'm a boob man myself though so my whole life has been mired in suspicion of wonderbra'ers
Surgical Masks for ALL!
;
hi i'm abigale.
listen to it every sat on NPR!
GREEN DID SOMETHING!!!
goodnight sweets!
: sleep well!!
Kevin Conroy could throw 20 million in.
Need a statewide candidate or person with  to win.
Cannot be one of Fab 14 if we want to win.
I'm bringing you back something pretty :
Why is alcoholism the only disease that sounds like a religion?
Buddhism, judaism, hinduism...alcoholism.
Would it be wrong of me , , to just google best looking nfl team and decide that way?
Wanted to Treat Myself to Something Expensive today..So I went and got gas for my car!
I am beginning to create a success pattern now
Come join us for Tuesday Night Trivia  7:30 at your local Tavern hotspot!
This Week in Trivia: Do you know who Peyton Manning played...

agree.
Let's put that question in a bottle and check back in 5 years  should have a clue by then.
No rock 'n roll, sex not spoken of, never enough doctorgs, but lots of brandy and wine.
And lime juice.
Still rain in the forecast for Thursday?
I got family coming all the way from the Midwest for
not that you're sour, just..
Looking for anyone to intv on an internet scam by valuemax 123, it's an online coupon co.
that charges credit cards w/o authorization
: I deleted a lot of numbers
we need to discuss the BreakingBad finale!
I am a bit disturbed.
RT  Crowd loved it!
Here's the video: Love in Action  shot words by music by 
Feels great going back to the gym.
Everything seems to go wrong for me the third week of April.
This year isn't any different.
Haha I be weak when these ppl talking bout how many Jordan's they got but there face be looking ugly when u ask how many good grades dey got
Goodnight twitter :
as of now, yes!
One lane of Northbound 29 is closed near airport from house fire nearby.
Don't you mean how appropriate?
finding the gratitude in every moment of the day.
That would be correct, Sir...
yup!!
O.o
I have been watching race and talking to my wife ....
she hasn't said a thing in 40 minutes ....
Medecision Appoints doctor Katherine Schneider as Chief Medical Officer
The Mamba is coming soon!
I believe this!
RT : I think there was talk about authors failing their own AR tests that was part of.
Why exploration is an inherently low efficiency behavior and how to embrace it.
Well hope you have a great day.
Eveything is the same jajajaja.
Tired and cranky almost punched a guy out but he made up and bought me a beer cool
Being sick sucks.
I'm soo tired cause its 1am but I cant sleep.
You tweet about everthing, and its annoying
Excellent points!
Walter White makes every Pontiac Aztec look so fucking hardcore.
Damn, this test was so easy even if I didn't finish lol.: I did 33 out of 55.
I think I got them all right;
Good.
I was yelling at the TV, I figured Phil  Paul should know that.
Hope your crash wasn't too bad.
WAT U DOING
Teeth kept me up all night, worse than before they were fixed.
Don't fuck with me today.
I wanted to ask this in personshould I be so lucky someday I'll expound on it!
Did ur mama really say all that?
I spent my adult life avoiding obligations.
I be so live n da kitchen
Since when did monthly potlucks  late night going away parties at Stonies become my life?
my taste buds are jealous of yours.
:D
Half the time we don't end up Fuckin , I don't ask her for nothing
Well we can't wait to meet them.
You will have to take pictures of everyone to share with us.
We'd love to put them on FB.
I want a pick me up milkshake
Being able to see my son's grow up
I loved that scene too!
Good Luck Julia Stone on the SourceCon Challenge!
Thank You to ALL my new followers!!
98 followes thanks : follow me i promise i will follow you back
and yeah: i'm still at work: WA!
Books Bitch!!
Packing and moving SUCKS  just sayin'
last year haha
I hope you will get one from on 9,000th tweet :
Write.
Write.
Write.
COFFEE.
Write.
Write.
Write.
COFFEE.
Write.
Head to desk.
Snack.
Write.
Write.
Write.
go back to bed!
I hate my 8ams
Austin gives great hugs.
And hes so much cuter in person!
Hope that helped!:
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 2
got my staff packet in the mail for Boys State today :p lol
my double chin
Omg sunshine, I love you
is it ok if i join em?
:
So pumped about the and show this Wednesday!
She is my number 1, i'm addicted its a LAW doctorG lmao
Wino Wed.!
District Wino tshirts only 15, Double IPA and Abbey Ale on special.
Also, great 2007 Howell Mountain Cab ready to be enjoyed!
email us that jesserya track
BREAKING: Judge sets bond at 150K for George Zimmerman.
Some of the baddest habits ; feel like the greatest habits to let go!!!
Jake needs a tutorial on what DEATH means on supernatural shows
Yes.
That's a parenting problem vs.
weight.
You're listening to a, what, 7 yr.
old?
Melvin Ingram, please!
Now adays everyone knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
oscar wilde
Just got your printlooks great!
Thanks.
Puckett wildcard session AAR 2012 Blog That Dares Not Speak Its Name: New Media ...
In the booth going crazy
If you fall asleep before your girl, you're BITCH MADE
Thanks much for sharing our Milwaukee Museum Mile article!
So everyone is on my case today.
Awesome.
That awkward moment when a ghost sais boo.
hehehe how the weather up there
U could win a 250 WilliamSonoma gift card.
Foodies what would you do with 250?
Enter the Food Network Canada For the Love of Good Food...
This is great!
DM us your email and we will send out more info about the position.
samsies...anxiety of the work week sets in.
FF media expert extraordinaire w/ deep knowledge of the healthcare industry
you aren't nice.
: this is embarrassing ...
oh yes it is lol
Tune in right now to WCCO Radio for some lively discussion on the scandal rocking the state GOP!
Albuquerque I'm selling my Numark TT500 turntables message me for details
Back from SouthPadoctor Great Time!!
Looking forward to being back and serving up the freshest food in Austin
Keep working and keep praying and God will bless
Sorry everyone; new teacher whining!
:
it's been raining like everyday for a week or so
Vegau Inc.
Launches New Internet Marketing Website
that was my next tweet!
Lol
Good morning tweeps.
Happy Hump Day.
I've never wanted a school week to end as much as this week.
so now what
doctornkenly listening to Hanson
Yup day after thunderbash.
Party!
RT : are you turning 25 this year???
We have a Chuckie Cheese?
I love you too baby!
:
You'll love it!
You should kayak on the Weeki Wachee River  great place to get started.
A trip to Three Sisters is nice, too!
I am so overstuffed...in the best possible way.
Mini muffins FTW!
RT : brunch w/ !
Get it !
Congrats on tue YC2 show!!
in all seriousness you might enjoy it.
Elements of fantasy/sci fi in it.
Brrrrr!!
its too cold , and im sick i cant sleep 
Great fun.
Enjoyed seeing all of you at the SATalons game
What is up with guys wearing super tight jeans?
Nobody wants to see ur camel tail
That looks amazing!
My mom got the urge for McDonald's today.
I don't like McDonald's so I tried talking her out of it.
Didn't happen.
No shoes for again until September???
I'll enjoy BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today!
sucks waking up knowin your team is out of the tourneyCuse!: But it feels good knowing you still have Knicks NYR Yankees too cheer 4!
Wondering why they don't stand up to bullies.
Austin's second favorite color is teal RT if you like the color teal :
Some women feast off a man's misery.That says a lot about you.
And now you don't have to wait!
what time darling??
A word's just a word til you mean what you say and love isn't love til you give it away
cancelled my netflix account, went to blockbuster tonight.
love the idea of only paying for movies when you actually want them.
He could join with a positive outlook, but that will fade quickly when he loses 5 straight
Don't want to become too predictable!
I'm ok, how are you?
O'Rourke found sane.
Saw it!
According to NPR, OccupyCville will be demonstrating outside Wells Fargo today!
At least we're sure to have a great view.
he sleep lol
70 degrees yesterday and now it's snowing.
You gotta love Wilmington :
Fuck no fap months.
I fap when i want
Why are you missing it??
Holy shit I'm doctornk.
You thought it was about you ?
Huh
Hey All I can promise I won't vanish at crunch time.
She said my painting arm was stiff.
I quite agreed :
Community building by way of beer is always a good idea :
It's Boozer and Deng in my opinion.
Deng is a solid defender, but his lack of offense has been inexcusable w/o Rose.
RT : PharmFri Antiplatelet agents: Eptifibatide derived from a protein in the venom of a rattlesnake with...
haha I know.
Flipping back and forth
yeah but Christina needs to shut up!
Haha
Yes please!
RT B.O.D.
Apple Bacon Crusted All Natural Chicken Burger w/ Aged Gruyere, Sausage Gravy and an Over Easy Egg.
I want to sleep all day 
I'm with you on this one Matt.
OUR LIVES ARE EXTREME FANGIRLING!
THIS WIND MAKES MY HAIR LOOK MAJESTIC
Pollen Go Away!
he got it
yes indeed...
i hate kim despise her.
Come by so we can talk
Gaming/learning within the context of the Holocaust Museum.
Really compelling stuff.
RT : Autodesk will grant software to worthy start up to 150,000 for free  wow
Follow or die.
I like that LP!!!!
cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake.
booty popping with baby oil and glitter on body
Are you open for a today for a howdoyoudo today at 1:30?
What is your reason for using social media?
I'm not being followed so I can DM it
All three?
We are one follower away from 2000!
Who is it going to be?
1997 You got...
Shot for Me by doctorke :
Darn u got me jones'ing for a 3deck grilled cheeser right now.
Any1 not been here on Lincoln Rd needs 2 GO!
no!
Not at all!
She sent me a sweet text to brighten my day, and I loved it!
Ust Ate A CheeseCake At A Brazilian Bakery ;D Yumm
Just upgraded my OS to Lion.
iCal looks like leather and is so full of dups I want to cry.
I wish it were ugly but worked.
yes??
Oh wait, read that wrong.
I'm Dirty Darla
Happy Friday, everyone.
Enjoy your weekend!
Love is a great thing, but Few get the chance to experience it...
Got out the rain, time for some more motorpacing
Congrats on the new gig man, well deserved..Hopefully you'll make it up to Baltimore sometime
what up with that mission?
Buy one for me to...?
M pancakes ;
Grow up.
my prayer time this morning was me singing one thing remains by bethel church.
over  over.
the other awesome thing about button fly is walking around with your fly undone all the time and not know it
It's better than cell phone usage, promise!
;
I remember being loved, I remember being liked, I remember falling hard and loving what it felt like.
So much love for all the crew96 fans spotted on my doctorve up 71N.
Tough loss, but we'll get em next week.
Happy easter everybody!
Facebook is nothing but a bunch of lying motherfuckers portraying themselves to be something they not Sitting up there doing worse than you.
Shantz makes a 2nd great diving catch in left.
1 down in the 6th
no worries dude.
I'm just antsy as fuck.
Mastering some of the tracks I recorded a month ago.
KateApril, DavidLeonardo, BedardMichaelangelo...
didn't he die in 97???
no problem, glad you enjoyed it!
For sure, we'll definitely plan it soon.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
Galileo Galilei
Moving day is here!
Thank goodness for daddy's and trucks!

I would love to hear more about this.
Send me a DM with contact info.
generally when walking alone at 4 in the morning a guy with a face tattoo is the last guy you want to see
TY, my friend.
Have a happy week.
Write!
any core fine arts will work.
Film is just recommended.
If I see Bruce Willis is one more movie preview I might shoot someone!!
He was in 4 of 6 previews!!!
WTF?!?!
Nope.
But that's why I chose to be a behindthescenes guy.
Gotta have a lot of performer in you to be on one.
First day of the NWBA National Championship!
Games at the field house and around Denver.
Don't miss out, come check out some games!
Tired of spam in my Twitter messages.
Time to start unfollowing who is doing that.
I'm not a visual person and am having trouble wrapping my head around Pinterest, though I know I should.
there is a book called the magic spoon cook book!
it was the first book i got my son for the kitchen
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my avi .
Ha!
I love them all, too, but think the one with birds  the hip little star are extra special.....:
So...do I buy a Kindle now or what for the Kindle DX?
M....
well said i totally agreewith u on that
hey man what you been up to
SON OF A BITCH!
Peace be with you
If you're above the age of 25 you should probably talk in proper English and complete sentences.
I know so funny
: SWAG when the Cardinals walk out on the field!
!!!!
only 3 weeks away before we are off to egypt, can't wait.
also thinking about the super pineapple upside down cake i had for xmas.
sweet!
Dou you ever feel, like a plastic bag?!
lmfaooo XD
Thats not fair.
Like not even fair.
hell yea!
No I'm in Ohio.
Bug Fixed.
Now sleep!
Went to bed late last night; prepping for cookbookconf.
Catching up on my latenight reading on the train.
Now or Never Lakers.
This is it.
fight me
We are open all week.
Relax with us!!
awesome!
Thanks for letting me know so I can get one!
Excuse me, but I gotta tell ya.
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
At a Starbucks, said to a girl sitting next to me.
Ain't much I ain't been thru and haven't seen its just the same shit different day.
Robert C Byrd was an exception as most like moved parties in the 1970's.
How many others can you name?
I assure you there are few
We've extended the TuesdayThrowdown!
Send us your Best doctornk Name  automatically earn 5 in Poggled Bucks!
grain ormountain?!?
Missionaries make difference in Ecuador  River Falls Journal
ff People to get squirrelly with!
Thanks for sending me more followers!
I can get my message out even more now!
:
Absolutely not!
because the Frank Gehry Tower looks amazing!
PK
albert is her last name ?
you know, if you have leftover food from the CSP retreat we wouldn't want it to go to waste...
inspires me  so many people!
If your not following him then you should start now!
GO HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON!
yes there is a race 3pm sat
Long story xD
Having a bike may not help everyday but would be cool :
Okay I'm getting sleepy now.
Chat with you guys later nite niteBAMM.
Fortune Cookie: You do not have to know where you are going to be headed in the right direction.
Knowing what to bring to wear for the afternoon on a day like today in MN/WI has to be one of the hardest tasks ever.
and then i forgot to leave the house allday
Thank you!
yeahh I have a page and a half of games
Enjoying my bowling night and then its breakfast at Ihop baby...
For Miami Dolphins Ryan Tannehill, it all comes down to receivers
Just got in the car and a random marley CD in muh player.
Angel?
I think so
So agreed!!!
i got my phone taken away babe
Obviously he does pass a lot if he was 2 short of ty lawson
Headsup, 1Password autofill is broken on latest Chrome OS X dev channel.
Tested on 2 machines OS X 10.6.8, works on stable.
Robbie Basho's voice is so rad.
Bums me out that people don't take it seriously.
Hope to get that free with my work someday.
class till 10 then either in the courtyard or ping pong
are you kidding me?!?
Molly where are you in my life!!!!!!!
Badgers unable to hit last shot, fall to Syracuse 6463 in the Sweet 16.
How can we get played on Slacker, really trying to branch out more!
Any advice would be awesome!
people always hurt the ones closest to you
When the guy you like doesn't know, and you can never have him.
Frustrating!
:
Somebody stole a piece of DC power cable for the 5Fulton trolleybus at 12th Ave.
Buses are turning around at 8th Ave.
doctor Bennett will announce statewide results for the first IREAD3 test today.
More updates to come!...
s/o to for the follow....
Live music Main presents: Patrick Woods on February 18th at 2:30pm at the Main Library.
Thats What She Said
The movie Jack Squad was released today, ran to the stores to take pics and in every blockbuster the movie was rented out!
Good Sign
You know favre never cry about his thumb getting hurt
Create the best impression for your potential clients with Custom Same Day Plastic Business Cards.
Contact NYC Printing 123 at...
bak in action!!!
he started it lmmfao
Get you morning dose of basketball!
We are open for breakfast and lunch today!
Don't forget Huskies play in the NIT tonight too.
Happy Valentine's Day!!!!!
What are you and your Sweetheart doing today?
Looking forward to working with John Sibilski Photography this week at my locations!
Time for Avengers!
It better live up to the hype!
GO
.
I'll be there!
Thanks for letting me know!
So sorry to have missed I'm sure it was great!
Irreverent, funny and a polymath you can truly love.
This week's Who To Follow is
Mad Man is on instant stream now  everybody go waste a couple of days!
you should request Daylight on your local radio station!
let us know if we can find request info for YOUR station.
Thank you!
insert joke about Syracuse players failing doctorg tests
If my hangover is any indicator, yesterday was a great success.
Thank you to everyone who came out and to our sponsors!
See y'all next year!
NEW MUSIC UP FROM YOUNG BLEED EVERYDAY ON YOUTUBE!!!!
FEATURES, INTERVIEWS, LIVE FOOTAGE, ETC.
TYPE IN YOUNG BLEED
I need to start hitting up random girls again PromDates NewNumbers Whatever Also, I might want to stop calling girls bitches..
You are most likely correct!
:
If you're intrigued by the idea of transdimensional, telepathic time travelers taking over the planet you'd love Fringe as much as I do.
along with 3 other sluts3
V For Vasectomy
Im happy for him but when he comes to North Dakota,,i'll be HAPPIER!!:D
meek mill has a sick new album
You go alone to have the evening of your life..you meet your mistressyour boyfriend and your wife..La Cage Aux Folles West,WGC!!!X
: Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.
Coach Larry Brown What a GREAT quote!
What an amazing night.
Worked with some of the giants of salsa music.
Ray Ruiz, Eddie Santiago, Roberto Torres  my partner Lefty Perez.
Wow
LOVE IT!
RT following via YUP!!
its actually not bad.
Went from a doctorid x to this.
Do it!
I have the best friends ever!
: thanks for an awesome birthday surprise!
Couldn't agree more.
Done with high school forever...
I might cry.
Thanks.
I really hope that if he hears it that he really likes it.
Wake Me Up Before You Go Go  WHAM!
Amare's last game was a blip.
No one really expected him to duplicate that right?
Chandler still playing def at least
Marriage is like a game where the object is to try not to kill the other person.
Shawn is trying to say that I don't have ass, O o on what planet?!
Just came up with a web series idea.
but yo rattle snakes live in the desert 
Coming up at CS?
has a screening, and CS:LA has a two year anniversary Music Video Mega Mix.
We bring the party.
School started.
Completely!
It's not exactly what I was expecting..:/
Decisions decisions....
haha yes you do Jordan
The joys of charming Los Angeles architecture where you boil in the summer and freeze in the winter.
S.
Duttry asks to please spread the word about his GolfWashington app.
Also, we need your feedback on how to make it better
Great job tonight by Friends of McMillan Park in speaking out for historic preservation and environmental conservation in
Haha the hot bully blocked me after I said that :P
Thanks for joining planetredo.
We're all very excited to make an impact as earth day nears.
Have a great week.
PR
My mama bragging on me.
0.o
Thanks for the mention.
Looking forward to your tweets.
:
Friday Humor: If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else!
Yogi Berra
everydayithinkabout how much fun it would be to eat a bowl of peas at zero gravity
I forgot what I was suppose to do just that quick lol.
Can't Wait For These Playoffs To Start
developing a cloud 101 presentation for later this month.
Cause it's hilarious.
Did you see JLos nipple account too?
RT: : Angelina's leg Has almost 800 followers
no imagination.
Just got off the phone with my cousin who is a senior in HS.
Helped provide quotes for her AP Lit paper on homework as an expert.
:
Special giveaway to the curvy diva can help us get to 100 followers by the 22nd!
Happy Friday All!
I like the new Twitter layout.
How about you?
Anyone else think the KState stadium DJ is playing the same tunes they played the first time Coach Snyder was there?
Looking for true ROI in your network?
SkySAN Technology was designed to grow  change as your network does.
Learn how bit.ly/omfyas
Who is stoked to eat turkey this week?
I fucks wit 1017 the long way...i learn how to rap off yal shxt...
Oh, cool!
The land of Cheese!
I've looked at that one before too...not TOO far from Indy.
Happy Friday!!!
Just finished Blackford High School  no casualties!!!
SUCCESS
Oh good...
sorry to be nosy.
Hope he's feeling better soon!
:
whats wrong ??
follow and everything will be ok Plzz i beg !!
so pumped to record today, I believe it will be very productive!
Tonight's rehearsal is going to be awesome!
I beat you LOVE FREAKING ME OUT!!
0.0
is an amazing singer!
I could get use to not having homework.
most groups rotate focus, at least 1s i've been
I put foam core in the recycling bin and was dubbed an AntiRecycling Awful Earth Person
Great discussion on procrastination.
I find it comes from feeling I won't do things perfectly  so I never start!
Headed to Bloemfontein!
Thanks UCLA for stepping up and playing some D...
151 on day one, I'll take that any year.
.
But where is the Obama werewolf?
Cash Mob at Powells BB Supply tomorrow!
Come out and support:
Coolest day in Texas for the next week is 98 degrees...
Yay.
: vegas im home :dzaammm
Thanks, Brandon.
I'm a ZCE and frontend developer, so the invasion of our digital rights is a huge concern of mine.
Hey girl!!!
He's good and yours?
LeapPad Plus Writing 2nd Grade Math Book: Meet the Band!
The ...
I love mentions and suggestions from yall about the show, without the fans the jackiedamodel show wouldn't be what it is
Just made some ginger tofu vanish quickly in the Heights.
It really is all good in the noodlehood.
All men have sinned and fallen short of da glory of GOD.
It is GODS arbitrary choice who goez and who dont YOU have NOTHING to do with it...
Bears can't win with Cowboy cast offs!
gonna tongue you down; grab a towel now im all wet ;D
so frustrating...
hooker, I miss you too.
I want to visit and leave the bs Seattle weather behind.
Im coming to visit this weekend so I better see you !!
I fear he might be moving on to Mall Rats...
Never 4Get What U Got Count Ya Blessings 2 Morrow G.F.B.
Fa'Shooooooo Cuz It's ThanksGiving Bitch Fa'Shoooo.
I make love to her by throwing her in the hole let the nets rubb against ha skin and holler wet to let her no or slam her hard 4 plesure ...
Eagles got a steal
German potato soup!
If that ain't P90X, I don't know what is.
No facebook  Blah
Did i just read that right?
Hummel is 1 for 36 from the field since jan 17th?
Ron Paul ends campaign.
Don't worry Ron, if you throw your support to Mitt, he guarantees you a job as White House garden gnome.
Thx for the tweet love!
: RT : Check out 2support on
Thanks for the follow.
I saw the show in Columbus a few years ago.
Amazing!
are you doing the facts today?
i prefer the use of / for selfclosing tags.
its more purposeful, and it adds clarity.
you had blk on countin money...
also, where else in North America will they be?
We raised awareness of our org  found friends in NYC, but small staff  hours is a barrier to leveraging 
If I ask my guy to get 1 item from the Grocery, he'll most often return with the wrong item.
what province do you live in?
Out tractor shopping.
Green or orange.
So how am I celebrating Week 1 being over?
I'm walking to the Farmers' Market in Oneonta.
The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it.
Colin Wilson
Q.
Why don't they have any toilet paper in KFC?
A.
Because its finger licking good!
I feel like reading .
I miss you more and more with each passing Asian tourist.
P
I've gotten so many Dope text msgs today!!!
Feels good to be Loved by so many people :
Happy Valentine's Day to all.
Make it special for someone today.
Update PreSales started today for debut CD This Is Where I Wanna Be  www.celestekellogg.com TBR December 20th.
Who can forget Hangus the Monkey being elected mayor of Hartlepool?
I could make an awesome horror movie using random, latenight noises from my kids toys.
Hi love!
is it better than the Oreo Blizzard?!
dtl2011 will we lose our ability to seek different ideas and information?
HAHA THAT'S AWESOME!!!!
I WAS SOMEWHERE WHERE THERE WAS A LOT OF PEOPLE SO I DIDN'T SCREAM!
BUT I DID LATER!
M...grilled cheese!
LOL, love that idea!!
CM wont be the same without you :
Solid win from tonight!
Too bad and I couldn't bring it home.
Thursday nights are dollar beer nights.
Is there a celebrity that you want to meet during Legends Week?
ok cool: we have a Homegame tuesday against springhill, but idk if its home thursday yet, but I'll let you know!
one of my favorite recent Hindi movies  great intro to them.
Hope you like it!
Being unable to log into FB feels like my right arm was cut off.
Ok, not that bad.
But still.
Could My Very Nice Followers Retweet my Last Tweet :D Please?
Thanks!!!
RT : Yo For a new Twitter name I suggest I just looked, it's available.
Lucky for you, huh!
I doctorw my breaking news!
I write down my results!
I'm spiritually moving on!
IMPERIAL
maybe you should show the bean my top contenders and give her a vote!
Yes that's correct!
Boring winter months in doors....
just had a little geek moment when i heard the green lantern oath on the commercial...!
Little Red Riding Bitch!
lol
ssetting up his fantasy baseball games on baseballfannation.com
Dogs also have vibrissae which, unfortunately, many owners trim.
Be easy on him, he's Canadian...
RT : Anybody feel that quake?
U.S.
Geological Survey says there was a 4.8 magnitude earthquake about 90 miles northeast of Sacramento.
Wow UNLV tweets are coming in faster then I can read.
Let's do this!
miss u to.
Here your play is going to NY!
Congrats!
Checking in  Laugh Factory 2 check out Neal Brennan  Dane Cook.
Need a Good Laugh Tonite!
O.o?
who are you talking about?
Having childoctorn makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.
nowplaying and so loving it...
Live from the Georgia Theater
I miss you too
Sorry to hear the trouble.
We just updated the site, try holding shift and refreshing the page.
and see if that helps!
Yay!
I love when that happens!
Try looking at the actual app there might be a block link.
There is a way
In difficult times fashion is always outrageous.
Out the door to teach some hot, sweaty yoga at HY of Laurelhurst!
See ya there yogis!
I absolutely love him hes so sweet I hope to meet him again  don't worry someday you'll meet him keep wishin
cant wait til we get our stuff in, can't wait to wear em!
LOL.
Chang it.
You're too young to be dejected.
lmao sure I don't care xD
ready to see the new
Great work RT:: 10 page story and Erin said, Ewwwww, that was a big plop.
JanuaryIssueFatigue 
For sure!
Looks tasty!
I think it's sold at Henry's so I might keep my eye out for it next time I'm there...I'll let you know!
I know there are different rules for bachelor party weekend, but a Stella this early  awesome.
Cant wait for Wednesdayy!
Wonder what it is......
Inez Andoctorws  Lord Don't Move The Mountain  04:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Karma karma I love u ...u always have my back

i Guess .
QT : take dat as ah yes
The apparent randomness of the universe belies its inherent order.
The same cannot be said of my job.
From the errors of others, a wise person corrects their own.
Publilius Syrus
Ahh...6 meatloaf muffins and 7 macncheese left.
Hurry over before they are all gone!!
Don't say Mama didn't warn you.
Secret Agent Man reports on Backstage message board that AFTRA wins pilot season.
Score: AFTRA 73, SAG 17.
That's a beat down!
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire.Stop by Di Pasquales on Gough Street and pick up your Italian Chestnuts....
COBBling together a big W
SO to Dane County Boys  Girls Club for raising over 100k tonight at Hearts For Helping.
It was a great event!!
Merry Christmas Eve everybody!
Some Mardi Gras well wishes being sent to our Fat Tuesday revelers!
You'll need tea to get moving tomorrow morning!
More smartphones sold in Q4 than PCs keynote
well said !
Amen!
RT : Too bad thought is all but extinct among our species.
That retards debate and discussion.
The first title I came up with for my thesis was Oral Lore, which my thesis advisor promptly misread as Oral Love.
It should be a good time.
It's shaping up to be a great group of folks.
Join us Wednesday night at Busby's West for 1 doctornks!
hopefully going to work tonight will distract me from how much i miss him tonight /3
Lester C Olson uses phrase activist scholar to describe Audoctor Lorde.
That might work altho I'm still liking locale based 2
Bet you've never battled a jumping spider while you were doctorving.
I almost ended the fight for both of us...
One time I was fishing for salmon...
Rube Sheeber
THAT IS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT GOT THE LEAD GO UCONN
Ok this is sal.
I'm not in the band no more.
Good luck to them.
I ran this twitter so no more updates.
To follow me,
I'm looking for recruiters.
Pay is 500 dollars per week.
Hit me up for details
so edible
Some One Should HMU?
where do I begin?...
Super excited that we're going to be part of D:hive's Grand Opening celebration!
More deets to come.
We might know a few interested PAs.
Send a DM or email us: .
I'm President of the
So.
I see that this system here is very unorganized....
but at least it is in place enough for me to do what it is I have to do.
thanks for the Rt love!
Promise to tag religiously from now on.
Should it be illegal to doctorp out of high school?
He hurt me and doesn't even know it.
He acts like he can talk to me like nothing ever happened.
A movie I watch every year: Primer.
If you've not seen it, do so immediately ;
My lap top is getting all philosophical on me: plug in or find another power source...
We are fortunate to have Richard Romano once again writing for the Show Daily, this time with the Printweek allstars
Thank You!
Don has to be joking about that hammerhead shark , it was about 10 inches long.
Got me laughing tho.
Keep your enthusiasm on blast!
totally wish i was working in a movie right now.
im so bored.
come on certificate!
come to the mail already so i can get some jobs!
yeesh!
Your going to bed really early!!!
why yes I was...
how you lose yo phone black ppl now a day.....ImY too
If anyone can help me get followers DM me!
Please!
God bless!
thanks for the love.
glad you dig the posters.
Catholic agency transfers foster care cases to DCFS  Illinois Times
We have to do more.
We have to become the media.
The teaparty has to have some evolution if we want real solutions in AmericaStay tuned
Frisco,Tx bound.
Girls Tournament
20ThingsAboutMe: I never give two shits about anything
This week's saviour: Many thanks and lots of good karma to him!
what do you call 5 gay guys walking in a bar?
one direction.....
hahahaha
I Direct Message the winner and told then if they want to say who the are they can.
new found love for the song climax
I Wanna Go To The Cheesecake Factory :
No I am not in.
WHERE ARE YOU
RT Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
Great brunch Martha Stewart at the next table.looked terrific!
Go Martha!
Love her handiwork!
tru but I want sum body to doctorve Nbs
I cant support other peoples habbits
ooh jealous!
doctorams of a TJ foodie excursion, I'm tempted to join her
So text me if you guys do foodtrucks this week!
Where'd you buy the real ones?
Not synthetic!
I wanna get some for my bday : RT : can I have my hair pl0x
haha lol yeah i figured if that can't get me a man then i must be a lost cause!
SAPB presents Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1  FREE MOVIE!
this week...who's going?
:
College friends...Now is the time to be proavtice abut college class registration...you have to work hard for what you want!
My Day  CTRL  C, ALTTAB, CTRL  V, repeat.
museum tomorrow :
dam no internet and every one says fuck you
Islam  one only way tuu ALLAH
If you have turned your passion for photography into a job or are planning to turn pro.
What was/is your main obstacle?
Time for sleep!
It is better to have loved  lost it, then to have never loved before...Happiness is knowing that love is an achievable life goal  project!
Great day at work today!
At 2 pm I realized  with excitement  that I had time to work on things I love, that are also my job.
YAY!
:D
David Bailey coming back to his Newham roots
which offices?
RT : You can tell someone phony by the way they doctorss .
Now I'm trying to underst.....nvm :
nicely done!
:
OLTL lasted 43 years!!
I bet the show REVOLUTION will last at most 2 years!
I will miss watching OLTL!!
:
Shout out coming your way from the Weather Center!
I've only heard great things, so I don't plan on abandoning it!
Four episodes in today.
What happened to helping America and our homeless/poor/abused stopkony ?
Read people its fraud what they are doing!
:Congrats...Oh and I tried finding you on FB do you have one?
Yes the Wikipedia is pretty accurate,  again thank U my Boy!
If the LORD says the same then 'I WILL BE BACK!'
thanks!
glad you enjoyed!
Dick!!!
RT : I sure could use some  right now!!!!
Geesh!!!!!
seriously , its like the best public school in DC .
I mean even though my school is good too but its too easy.
nLoGProductions::: follow back please..
thanks
CPD not the problem kid..JPMorgan the fing problem...
I just overnighted you your stuff for the trip!
I sent it to your work addoctorss.
It's just itinerary and etickets and stuff.
6'2 with a body, and fine he can get today, tomorrow, next week and he shoulda got it yestersay!
I'll add the disclaimer that I did not go to any of those  before I lose another follower ;
Mother Jones!
Oh no you didn't!
Call Me Maybe is that kind of catchy that makes me a little bit angry.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
How are you celebrating?
Happy fourth Birthday !!!
Love you guys!
A new issue of Literal Latte will be out this January!
please follow me back 
who doesn't?
Lol is he good?
I need someone with a chance to win a pro tournament
I can't take other movies seriously when the character says it's a trap
Watching WNFAE while playing Minecraft.
Reaching all new levels of nerdom here.
Starting the new year off with a twitter, let the tweeting begin.
Found a forum where they aren't ashamed to have a thread simply called Bike Porn for admiring others' bikes.
My cat begs for food like a dog.
Today I learned that he will eat graham crackers but turns his nose up to bananas.
no prob, thanks again
oh lol cool
Rise  Grind.
Yes I will print out a copy and bring it for sure!
: Now that I'm thinking of it, it would be fun to bust out your baby photos!
All of us are home, under the same roof!
Ah, that makes me happy.
And there are already visitors...yep, is home.
so you refill the CO2 tank every two months for like 15 bucks.
IMO, it's a lot less hassle than recycling 50000 cans
Don't forget we show the previous week's show before the new episode as well...
Thanks for watching DowntonPBS!
Time to close up shop and wrap some presents!
I want a milkshake.
There's always that one person that no matter what they've done to you, you just still can't let them go.
Check out : Miss Jessie's Curling Pudding
When I'm in my idgaf mode, Niecey does watever niecey wants to do..
When I'm alone, I don't have to live up to expectations or fake a smile.
Just dotted the I in ohio
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 Transliteracy: reading and writing the world in multiple media
Just woke up, have no idea how I got home or where my pants are.
My FavoriteSubject are Mathematics and Computers.
Apsht.
You didn't miss much, believe me.
Today has just been perfect in every moment.
Everything falling into place perfectly.
I remember these days for when I'm having a bad day.
ok whoah reread that.
???
The Atlanta Lawyer's Bowling League posted an awesome article on how to bowl.
Lawyers/Bowlers should check out ALBL.
Thanks for your retweets!
:D
GO UNC ASHEVILLE!!!
MarchMadness DO IT FOR ALL THE SMALL SCHOOLS!!!!
GREAT EFFORT!!!
thanks for the follow, intrigued by your professorle info.
Looking forward to your tweets.
i just spent an hour watching icon dancers dance.
i regret nothing.
BP plc, Research In Motion Among Stocks Down on High Volume Tuesday
need info
: can I know you more better?
Am Tosin a psychologist.
And u?hi I work at a call center for parolees
eltonjohn you were right, Madona's lip singing isn't even good for this
will come up short and the Rangers will like like they deserve to.
I'm thirsty.
Thirsty for this Caps win!
RT : Heading to your favorite island?
Don't miss these savings from Caribbean Airlines...who doesn't like saving ?...
You can't make a great play unless you do it first in practice.
Chuck Noll
I just received in the mail today a telegram, a record player brush  Bitch magazine.
Thanks and :D
Today the sun will shine on u more then ever.
Put ur shades on cuz the world is ur lime light.
Curled my hair for composites...I look like Snow White.
my last real day of school 2ma!
Y0ooo Thalamus is all Fucked up slow it down my NiCk
MT : Babies are the original programmers; they're 100 binary.
Everything is either perfectly fine or OMG WORST THING EVER
If you cook your pizzas at 425 degrees Fahrenheit you're probably a pussy.
I would like to know of anyone who has had gastric bypass surgery.
My sister is in critical condition on life support due to perf intestine
I been taking too many classes in the summer, have not come to Twitter as much as I want to.
good night you all, love
I must say: listening to John Williams over lunch on this beautiful afternoon really made my day.
Were you tuned in?
I flipping LOVE Elizabeth Taylor with a passion.
333333
Having one of THOSE days!
But know what I'm gonna do?
Pause, take a deep breath then shake it off  start again!
MAKING it a great day!!
In my view a nonprofessort that has track record of ethical service should manage the weatherization and block grants.
TY for following!
Following back.
P.S.
Vince McMahon is queer
Perfect Love cast out all fear.
Fear of rejection,failure,hurt,disappoint.
HE is our true love.
Happy Valentine's!
'mNickJamesbich Sorry about the mixup on the gloverlover prize!
An autographed copy of the Weirdo CD is heading your way!
I am passionate about Lyric Opera because nothing will ever replace live performance.
Ever.
RT : Who says Twitter isn't educational?
I just learned that today is National Popcorn Day.
LAMBORGHINI MERCY YO CHICK SHE LOOK THIRSTY!!!!!
Thanks for the follow, Moonshot!
I don't understand sushi, the most trendy food ever created.
it IS interesting and pretty but ugh!..it's raw fish and seaweed!!
amen to that
Ushered last night for free tix to CoSpgs Fine Arts Center performance: Oh Gershwin, I'm Crazy for You!
Ready to start back workin....The more I lounge around this house, then more lazier I get...
Long painful days of basketball 
What Should I Watch??
3packs of citrus, mint and lavender soap available now for 12.99!
Save lives with soap today!
better see your face next weekend, lady!
you're a VIP!
Watching 20/20 and speechless.
This is like a modern day witch hunt by our public servants.
Where's the common sense?
If you don't understand my silence, how will you understand my word ?

i busted out laughing  raised my hand  said..
THAT WAS MEE;  me  were dying laughing, lmao:
Do you have a poker room?
How many tables?
Run tournaments?
Thx!
Argh.
To clarify, is awesome, but I generally find Schwyzer to be, well, a creep.
Yur So Pretty
Is he nuts?
No, hes insane.

But buying the damn album 7 damn time's is irrelevant
All I was trying to do was explain something and then you act like I'm yelling and being a smartass.
Cool your tits mom
let's do this!!!
I totally reading fucking on the beach...lmao
to share 8 expert jobsearch tips weekdays starting May 23rd.
All tips by Career Directors International members.
I just fell off a 50 foot ladder.....
thank buddha that I was on the bottom step!
When you accomplish something awesome, do you fist pump even though noone is around?
I do.
...tiger woods style.
Mid way through the game.
Score stil TOR: 20.
Adam called for tripping and the Marlies are back on the PP.
Agree!
100 RT : Education is the economic growth strategy for our country.
if we're lucky that was a season ending injury.
Yes!!!!
Corey was fricken clutch tonight!!
a pit stop in eastern market  an afternoon at the newseum.
a lovely dc day!
Off to our Volunteer meeting...films, parties...get your PASSES today, best was to do it all and best price!
See you at the movies....
It's a David Sylvian/cleaning the apartment night.
He's literally here right now mopping my floors.
Won't stop singing Life in Tokyo
did you repot on the 500k Neumann got on the past 6 months?
Sorry, I missed it.
says cannot afford to raise the debt ceiling At some point you hit a wall
thank you!
: Aw we can still be friends lol.
After the finals  thru next yrs regular season hahaha lol
most important, the hash tag
buy new ones love u
Barbara, Jessica and Johanna shoot for Paul Mitchell today!
I mean in your Avi lol
ya i know where my classes are and stuff now and ya i came with like no school left so its all good :
Let me know if you try it out.
:
How can you be mad when theres sun
Avoid potential legal issues resulting in multiple law suits with a good propert manager for your real estate rentals.
Hey Rick, thanks for the DM.
I can't reply without you following me :
Seeing my crush today at school was just so nerve wrecking.
Ah nothing like a hot n sexy ShanimalOnTheBeach ;P
how've you been?
I haven't talked to you in ages!!
Huntsman: The fact that there was a whistle blower who went to the US consulate is very telling
Clips from oral history project abt Minitex highlight ongoing library values: getting what people want to the people who want it!
I am an exceptional thief, mister.
McClane.
thats two things.
what about an indoor track?
hey : what's up sis?
You can have everything in life you wantif you will just help other people get what they want  Zig Zigler
Getting ready for the 10 am GMCC ribbon cutting at Madison's new Join us!
Check out the new store on Grand Canyon Dr
Only listening to Jay Electronica today
Sleep!
Why fight it?!
bartrivia tonight and all you can eat wings.
Hump day.
Free parking in Downtown Hollywood after 8.
Welcome to the world little nieve!
2012 will be a defining year in your life.
You will either change or you won't.
That Hanley shot just flew over 's and my head.
It was a rocket.
At my bestie's crib visiting the little guy, he look so cute.....
can't wait to get so shpong holed with you lovers...
Get dirty!!
JackWhite at amexunstaged just mentioned my old friend Fats Kaplin is playing fdl and pdl stl and then starts Goodnight Irene  awesome
Just saw a raccoon run down Broadway, sans posse.
I don't understand!
Everyone is getting one!
What does it mean?!
RT Action !!
Can you handle it ?
Just one bottle of vitaminwater provides a full day's supply of unnecessary and gullible.
Also, electrolytes.
Ok, decided on a Champagne Punch for my BoozeforBooks shindig.
NYers are welcome to crash.
DM for addoctorss.
Hi mate!
watch on my website littleliarsorg,latest Pretty Little Liars episodes online,free access!100
Done!!!
I get paid to tweet all day!!
Off to interview the lovely sicko then 1K.
So glad it starts at the humane hour of 5 PM!
keep us posted on twitter on scores, injuries, etc!
We are the pulse of the sports world.
Live each day like its your last and :
Bitches ain't serious, all these bitches delirious
damn zac, you're on a roll and my stomach hurts from laughing so hard
Time is really moving by slowly
oh right, comedy...
Thanks for all the advice and wisdom sir!!
Maybe we should do a double feature at some point!
I think I'll doctorp steal from girl scouts from my life of crime checklist.
Text me ure  phone wiped
that's great congrats!
HEY LIL MAMA I CAN TRANSFORM YAA
thank you aprill!
:
It doesnt seem important now but what does your water bottle brand say about you?
Happy first birthday to my favorite monkey ever!!!!!!
Whats up??
How are you??
Yeah I did
tried to dm you back, but we are here to cheer for the ipl cricket .
Your comedy is one of the things getting us through lol
excellent work on the LaTroy Hawkins RT.
RT : Shoot any mom who hits the road with kids is a hero
as old as I am, I still like getting tucked in at night :
Hi There.
Thanks for the RT :
We definitely will!
I'm sure it looks fantastic after you  your team got done with it.
:
Titus Maccius Plautus Things we not hope for often come to pass than things we wish.
No but my daughter has eaten yogurt with a fork because she didn't want to wash a spoon.
You, sir, are about to get unfollowed.
JRoll is not a terrible signing.
You have no argument.
Oh My JizzFaceWHORE !
My Boobs Hurt So Bad ':
hi answer ur texts
Activist Post: Dispatches From a Dissident  Articles From the Infowar: This collection contains a wide range of concepts dealing wi...
Im listening to the NBA on NBC music on Spotify right now.
Suddenly im pumped  wanna go hit a game winner
It's almost 5:00 and I'm still in my pj's.
I 3 lazy Sundays :
I'm nervous
I'm seriously failing at business facebooking lately.
Updates soon.
PROMISE!
Interesting idea to use Zotero to import items you intend to send to acquisitions and order for your collection.
gotta listen to what speaks to you the best!
forget labels.
Haha
our Washington reporter was doing a report about Super PACs
Thank you all for the support..
you can find my music on Facebook.com/zacyoung and on youtube.com VIA southern steam live.
Stay tuned...
SignsYoureBeingCheatedOn : YOU EVEN HAVE TO WONDER
I'll be lucky to sleep tonite w/ so many app recommendations to review  Cinder to read
I like when you guys favorite my tweets but I can't help but feel cheated a little bit.
Like eh, it was good..but not enough to retweet /
All good!
You?
no you won't try.
YOU WILL

I can show you how to convert every Twitter Follower to cash flow, and they'll thank you for it...
without advertising.
Promise.
I changed ideas..
I wanna bring Evita!
Haha
Clarify when you ask me to do a mini marathon.
My 1st assumption is bar crawl or tv type marathon.
Not the pick up your feet type marathon.
Aww my future husbands in the hospital :
She supa sleep!!
She said is garbo smh!!
I bet her favorite rapper is Chris Brown or Gucci ha!!
and you as well.
Come see us tomorrow night  Up  Under Pub, 1216 E.
Brady St, 5 cover, 9:30pm.
Also hitting the stage will be KARMA 13  CHILD ON FIRE.
No Goal!
HA!
Preds going to pull it off
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
...
Sleepy time
That's what i'm saying
And there still goin i think hes changed teams
Busy day in Ace world....
Taking care of all our parking customers.
Working hard to earn a thank you!
Trying to figure out how your website can make money without investment?
Help us market our new landlord rental system!
i found you!
xoxoxo
thanks for listening!
you can't have them all!
Lol, liked him more than me :p
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Disobeying court orders to release a child to another person can mean jail, fines and loss of future rights
Sometimes God will give you exactly what you want, just to show you it's not what you need!
People were so rude!
reno the biggest little city in the world I love it when its in my rear view mirror
at this point it doesnt even make sense to sleep
please follow or tweet me !
It would make my day well accually my life , soo please !
LY3
follow back?
call me whenever!
I seen the 3rd teaser of boyfriend!
Oml that was hawt.
RT: Road trip with mommy : country music blarin!!!!
It's mommy time!
thats wats up
of course haha
Believe yourself...
The world worships an original.
Wishing school would get out faster!
put up a strong fight against Argentina, but couldn't finish it off, lose 1412
: You supposed to be in a relationship but nobody knows it.
Yep, a cause for trustissues lmao major issues
m I wish I could tan
nice ass day !
When did Mother's day cards get so ugly?
Oof, the graphic designer in me is screaming foul.
C'mon let's make it fun.
Give it up.
You're not a reporter any more!
Does anyone have any connection 4 cheap hotel las vegas 4 911 rally?
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!!!
I will be cramming in presents along with art all this week.
Just gotta snap out of my current state of mind.
I can't sleep from crazy sounds outside!
: 10:14 pm.
Gunshots in the killacity
me and Jill are gonna be at rock on the range
hahahaha.
Mine didn't change.
And I loved hearing the convo between nugget and Thomas just now!
: There's an alarming number of people on GChat for 2am...finals big follower, huge hater
RT : Wow.
One can actually get an ATT signal up here on the top floor of the Zimmerman Library.
UNM / Amazing!

haven't been this bored in a min 
JT: Soandso's mom is a doctor.
You're not a doctor.
Me: looks hurt
time for me to go back to take trip to Lynchburg again my single barrel is gone will have to open Gentlemen Jack.
Time to ride;
And that's reason 438 why and i need to hang out!
Yeah, that gig is intriguing!
Where else are can one hear shape note singing and hiphop all at an orchestral concert?
Hi there, it was!
I'll be posting more of the photos soon Have a great day : RT : was that in FHM malaysia?
Trainers on sale from 299899 with Install special of 99  Free Party with GTrainer or 6 time play passes with other Trainers
Today is my best frends birthday i havent seen her in a year...
I miss you /:
all time low TOMORROW makesmesmile :
ZIPPER!
that's my penis.
don't you EVER do that again!
Motherfucker I finish my errands and ready to go to the beach and gorgeous out but now that I want to go to the beach it's getting cloudy
I see went open collar for talkinball tonight.
Tweeting in comfort from my new Haworth office chair, scored at on Friday.
I love the ReStore!
Good Night my little tweeties
NonFarm Payrolls: Less Than Expected, Up 115,000; Unemployment Rate at 8.1; Estimates called for unemployment rate to be unchanged at 8.2
going to be ichatting you all the time!
365: I'm thankful to ring in the new year quietly  safely, snuggled up at home.
Happy New Year, everyone,  may 2012 bring you joy.
A happy day, I get to do some golfing!!!
Wow.
It's late.
But I shall squeeze in some more homework because I'm feeling productive.
yeah Walton calls me all the time too
that is true :
Kudos to the legislators who attended the Save Texas Schools conference tonight
Hooray for opening night!
We will keep an eye on your bikes while you watch the game.
time for some changes
Hey Brandon, yes.
I'm in a CRS class all day so she's having one of our brokers call.
Thanks for getting in touch with me man!
I'm never eating armadillo eggs from humperdink's again.
I'm regretting life right now :/
Thanks for the offer, but we already have our Marketing team.
Dedicated to families who visit loved ones in prison and have knowledge of that alternative universe.
They are all in my prayers today.
Working on a PPC Campaign sipping coffee
that would be cool to see something done between the two of you.
it would be great.
I'm just a really funny person!!
My ass was wet tho
The Boston RedSox were the last major league team to integrate...got that from Wikipedia.
Chase your website is down.
Need a hand with it?
Thanks for the support!
Feeling great about launch, and finetuning everything.
Looking forward to golfing, too!
It's on the TV Guide network.
Came on after Caroline.
Designing Women is an extremely gay show.
its AMAZING how NEGATIVITY....
can make you loose a lot of FOLLOWERS....
when you were not even TALKING TO THEM or about THEM...
I wanna send Austin a big bottle of ketchup.....
Welcome to Memory Layer!
We will be posting memory tips and observations about what makes some messages more memorable than others.
already did stranger
This week's Samples and doctorps are up!
Check them all out on productionvault!
Pretty Sure I graduated High school with his sister.
Here at work!
About to get started!
Im so proud to day that I am a working actress!!!!
XoXoXo Muuuuuahhhhhh
: advisory board member on today.
Person he'd like to interview dead or alive: Elvis or Johnny Cash!
Great book for parents and those interested in raising calmer, happier kids...Simplicity Parenting by Kim John Payne M.ED with Lisa M.
Ross
What is Platypus day?
yeah but it won't be fun when you guys get your ass beat..
I voted we decorate the office like Tomorrowmorrowland.
But, y'know, people love the deal wheel and thunderdome.
So, Bartertown it is.
no kidding.
Top scorers are 214
I use an awkward combo of google apps  doctorpbox so new ideas on paperless practice are always welcome.
you got out of there quick didn't you, they are pretty fast.
How far is it from you?
All of Spiderman Turn Off the Dark's problems could have been prevented if they chose to workshop it beforehand
Time to shoot!
: 
I'm In His Head
Take home: do your users find RDA easier to understand and more helpful than aacr2?
Ask them!
: I keep losing my tweets under my hashtag search.
frustrated grrrrr me too!
Fulbright Information Session today 2:30  4PM in MICA's Gateway Building, Conference Room 101.
Come one come all!
For every 1 spent on Early Intervention, there is an estimated savings of 17 later in the life of that child.
Happy Saint Patty's Day, Who Got My Beer?!!!
Only through Jesus Christ can you find true peace and lasting happiness.
God Bless.
almost.
I like my music LOUD, haha!
From the great Fernand Point's notebook, In all professorssions without a doubt, but certainly in cooking, one is a student all his life.
Loving the Twitter stream at Bring on doctor Diggity Dawg!
yeah what happened Ben?
Worse then Blame Canada?
Harry touching Liam's dick.
I been saw that.
LOL
and collab album would be sick
but city can allow PLAs in order to get state funds.
Spurs coach Greg Popovich wins NBA Coach of the Year
Tell a story, don't do a video.
Just marry him, Daisy!
That fact I'm being called fake by oomf
you sure gurl?
And so 4th; We heart being right across the street from all of the fabulosity
I been told you I moved .
You gone be in fl still when I come ?
If you could ask your audience members any question, what would you ask?
Hello This is Artist Paul Borges on: ReverbNation electonica Charts.!
9 in Cleveland,Ohio.
I thank You All!
Albert Einstein
Thanks for the follow!
Insider Tip: Needed to get a new tap to hit an incentive.
Told this Manager they were discounted Not really.
She bought..I win.
the jellybeans won't open...
Just was in Las Vegas and was wondering why everyone i met from California said they were from California not LA, San Fran, San Diego etc..?
RT if will always have a place in your heart no matter what!
There are many obstacles to staff instruction  I'm currently writing a needs assessment questionnaire to figure out what some of ours are.
Im soo hungry!!
Andoctorw Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter!
Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
Yes Please :
i just realized i dont have any gemini friends...
is that weird?!??!?
Pauls Club is currently accepting customers just so you know
Energy efficiency improvement fund and loan program passed out of committee this morning!
Louis Blanc From each according to his abilities to each according to his needs.
Thanks for the blogpost about
''being a dick isn't gonna make yours grow bigger.'' lmao
We'll be at the walk in Lehigh PA on Saturday.
Come join us for some fun!
Can't wait!
RT : Are you looking forward to xfactor tonight?
Diving went so good today.
cant wait to get back out there and do it again www.desertdogdiving.com
it's absolutely still on!
Hope to see you at 6:30 at the Randall!
Tonight's soldout OWS/ program is brought to you by ATT.
The line is longer than the regular line?
Had to go out and lay in the sun for a while.
Glad I did, got some Vitemin D.
U big bummble bee just flew in the house?
What to do?
I got my VOTES for in today!
Did YOU VOTE yet?
Plz B sure to use code 805 for Scott to WIN!
Yay!
Art imitates life...
time for the bone hammer
I used catholics as an example, it goes for all religious institutions.
Separation of church and state
God, this game is terrible.
Remember when the IU/Kentucky game last week was a real game?!
Just submitted mine : Excited for this
Lmbo I totally forgot all about it
Do you wish real life were more like a movie?
Which one?
WE WILL HAUL AWAY YOUR UNWANTED APPLIANCES AND OTHER HEAVY METAL ITEMS.
INDIANAPOLIS INDIANA AREA GET A HOLD OF CHARLIE
I totally agree.
I enjoy looking at my wife, too
yes indeed she need a good ass wooping lmao
Thanks for following, James!
Still coming off a high from shooting The Other Woman yesterday.
What a great cast and crew!
That said, it is a wonderful country.
I have friends and family there...
many people that never have anything bad happen.
M sour gummy worms 
LeBron to Miami!
Another beautiful day in daBurgh!
: espresso book machine is not the future of publishing, it's the present of publishing
I don't care what the critics say.
I'm looking forward to seeing Dark Shadows.
they went in on making him put his hair down in slow motion LMFAO
Movie recommendation is Kurt Russell in The Thing
Like from ANTM?
: Love her!
Thanks to I am revived and recommitted to excellence in all things editorial.
Do You Like Take A Nap Everyday?
That would explain why customers keep asking me out.
Niggas that talk shit more than females  fuck is that!
Y'all NEED jesus in your life!
My new Jersey shore name is going to be The Salutation.
Hi!
You should call into work sick, it will be worth it, trust me ;
you aren't on it brother?
Hahaha
do u follow me?
I want to eat a burrito with you tonight from beans and barley.
I'll txt u
OK gang, here's a code for Minecraft on 360: 2YHWPYK6?XKM4?HGWDF3?J6?Z One character has been removed!
Good luck!
sorry puff I am not sure I recognize a hammer
Perfect Memorial Day weekend: 2 movies, 3 bbqs, good beer, Philly, lots of friends weekendbeaten /cc
Best of luck to my very first Twitter buddy, , departing us to join Congrats and remember: Don't Be Evil.
is too good at pool.
we are not forever but that's great when we are leaving good memories
Learning christmas songs.....
Jajaja;No la dire aqui.
P:
they're also running late with the announcement.
yes, with the curls.
be the lady in a blazer, with a leopard print bike and curls!
say no to bookish glasses.
Woke up to a DUNS !
Scott Solutions is very happy this morning!!
:
Girls, never measure your happiness by whether you have a guy or not.
Be happy with yourself.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Watermelon Salsa 4.68 / 5 Stars  32 Reviews by Larry Brodahl A simple salsa that is sweet and just mildly spic
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog?
After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Just don't put your ear buds in and then sing out loud.
Thanks and for covering the NAWBO event this morning.
FF to our new British followers!
Had my shirt on inside out for 2 hours and no one said anything.
AFter watching the BC v WF game yesterday  all i can say to BCEagles fans is  sign the squirrel!
One day will follow me in that day would be the best and happiest day of my life!!!
:
You know what's funny is seeing a girl wearing Shapeups, but what's even funnier is seeing a guy wearing Shapeups...
Good lord.
That's some scary shit.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Buddha
I just want to go swimming or sit outside.
Cause i'm just Marshall Mathers...
thanks Mike!
hahahaha I wish I could like this
Check out Therisinghollywood.com
night buddy!
add me
xo thanks again  sleep well
Getting our first real look at punter doctorw Meyer.
He's got big shoes to fill now the Brad Nortman is moving on.
Hell hath no fury!!!
And I'm not talking about women this is Papa Bear!!!
Thanks for the RT!
How goes your week?
exactly, wasn't sure what was worse!
If you have a problem with EVERYONE, wouldn't you consider that a problem itself?
why are some people perf, then there is me
strong angels who help him mature into a better man but it is very slow.
Immature.
Danika, if she could get away with it, Danika see Eric as
yeah for sure I will love to do that
last night may have been our best college experience ever room 23
I'm here until 3:15!
I have a headache 
the stupidity of some people on facebook amazes me.
Going to alondoctor's bihhhh.
Ugh i wish he knew..
This is my calling in life.
To be a peacemaker  Adoctoran MossBeasley
Your promoted tweets make me dislike your institution.
Coming SoonReal Time Info on Austin's Best Bars...
Snuggling with Nick :D OMG i'm like Blessed :D ah My doctorams are FINALLY gonna come True it's all thanks too My Sis 3
Better late then never
Weekend is here !
: Just thinking about highschool next year panics me to the point of not being able to sleep at ngiht.
It sucks..
Good job for NOT EVEN FINISHING THE PLAY.
please, no more study.
must.
hulu.
life is too short....
Its so hot in NEW YORK!!!
Omg.
But hey this should still be fun!!
About to eat a potpie.
M..
Most exciting news of the day: the legendary Charo will make a cameo on Season 4 finale of Rupaul's doctorg Race!
Second Saturday Big Friendly and friends coming to make some music's at 79 Second Sat of the month!
The Insanity workout is so hard core
Beautiful day!
Hot but nice WHOOP!
iJever...
This kid knows nothing whatsoever.
Raining the whole day grrrrrrr......
RT Yer but it would really make my life if Big Sean said happy birthday to me.
Ijs
just gotta make free throws down the stretch
Picked the best goldoctorsh apples today with the fam  they are addicting.
Both my family and the apples.
:
my mom just ran outside and screamed SO WHAT I SMOKE WEED!
On first listen to the newest mix of our Nono recording: twice signaled for a touchdown, and once started playing air violin.
A good sign.
We got a bagel for that
what ever man.
Y'all on sum whole other shit.
And apparently we ain't better Dan dat.
Yo cousin runnin round Lyin.
why do women assume?
I'm a working women I have wrk in the AM srry I can't chit chart wit lames..
lol GN lame Kk.
Yep, just collapsed like Marion Barber!
My life
Too many businesses R stuck in the old unproductive command  control hierarchy...
Find Your Next
ur so cute
It's not a hangover if you're still doctornk
did u get a jay z ticket?
Awesome Marilyn!!
Congrats : 
Just finished the HungerGames.
Now who wants to see the movie with me?
Hopon Starts Shipping Disposable Electronic Cigarettes Follow on Twitter and Facebook and Get Free Sample
finally got those amazing pillows that are in every Disney Resort hotel for our home....Beyond Down/Nature Pillows by Carpenter!
Amazing!
My choices for creamer were chocolate almond juice, or illegal unpasteurized dairy.
I need Optimum Nutrition protein ...
Ready go haha
Classic skull design, or something special?
Sitting here and watching Bravo.
Andy is too funny
As the leading supplier of the holy cross IA of ransoms we will help you to find ideal property from the outstanding price low :
its 91 here with a heat index of 98
Sid at Carr Valley
my phoness dead right now ahahah add me though pin:32a1a523
is a college graduate!
It is scientifically proven that too many birthdays can kill you...
Finished a boomerang.
It's a cute one.
When I get some proper photos I'll have it on etsy.
Happy Monday!
nothing to do....
I guess ill sit here and think about you
eventually I will come back!;
Never mind.
I never was good at math.
I highly suggest wearing sunglasses if you are going to Walmart.
Never seen such an abundance of blindingly white flesh.
The world just rewarded me by placing a boston market on the way to Lily's.
Cornbread for everyone!!!
i don't like priority view.
i usually keep my inbox under 10.
my solution is just to mark them all read now.
will handle them later.
I love that song!
the whole cd is pretty good!
Lost one of the best people I've known...and he hadn't even graduated college yet.
Rest in peace I'll miss you.
:
88 Keys piano bar is West Allis is great!
Love the martinis and the food is good.
We will definitely return.
Truman apparently didn't notice there was someone at the wheel of the car, when he was trying to steal his neighbor's hubcaps
your doctorving to prom with us?!?
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
Prorail ?????
One more hour of class and then its home sweet home!
Still have mid major caliber PG available at a JC.
Will graduate and is an immediate impact kid.
Dm me
City bound with my mommy :
Okay, 1 I had no idea there was such a thing, 2 that sounds SO cool, and 3 are you going to be there and participate??
The wind is making it sounds like Moaning Myrtle is in our bathroom.
Bedfords pets ham it up for the camera
I always quote movies  no one gets my references
With and taken care of, I don't have to scream PAY THE MAN!
at the TV every week
kings full of jacks, splash my chips across the table.
take my shot, i'm all in.
i'm all in.
Christmas Time Is Coming.
I can't wait!
Beautiful Sunday...
Love L.A winter.
Happy New Year from all of us at It Came From Yesterday!!
time to put my la cap on lol
GO SIMEON BASKETBALL
I'm ready!!
: Nobody sees it coming :P it's amazing to have ur privileges!!
:D I  xoxoxo !!!
Boredom bo
why you jelly bitch?
'cuse in a close one.
Zone may cause some struggles.
: thoughts, prediction on thursday's game?
LMAO Josh Smith really just shot that????
the next ladies night will involve bowling, karaoke, and cougarin.
get ready
Can you provide details?
Seeing my sisters graduate makes me so proud :' only God knows how many obstacles they had to overcome.
G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
You Don't Like
Get her vote in which election?
POTUS or IN Senate, or both?
when did putting any effort become such a hassle
Can we get a RT for 1/2 Price Margarita day at Moe's!
Students from Passaic Valley HS are telling us about New Jersey's role in the Civil War
For my birthday tomorrow...
I just want to sleep, no distractions.
We had the worst experience ever w/ San Diego a customer 4 over 38yrs!
Thinking of closing our acct Just wanted to buy a bed
.
I spoke with today, Jennifer.
I think she was a little hormonal.
VIDEO: Dustin Musser of K Theory finds his niche in dubstep music  Golden Gate Xpress
Satan....obviously
From the end of the earth will I call unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: Lead me to the rock that is higher than I, Psa.
61:2.
To say I've watched the movie thetown five times is lowballing it.
my brain is rattling!
I need earplugs!
hah!!!Im wake up
I love u bro.
Tell me what I can do to fix it.
I prayed to god in sacre coeur, I promised him I'd live!!
Tell ur sources!!
Lol and only 2 more months for THE con!!!
Good news and bad news!
Bad, today is the last day to score 10,000...Good, we still have 6 more chance!
Next is at 9:10 call 8663279946

Concerning 4  Knock the shit out of him!
I like subway too but it just seems like a waste of opportunity with some great Chinese :D
Adding tons of PLPeeps to my twitter feed as result of following plpnetwork hashtag during culminating event.
Twitter is so sweet!
Boy Cheats World
WalkerFailure raises 2.43 million from 39 mega donors giving in excess of 10k on latest campaign finance report
lol you should get some sleep brah RT : Ugh
what just hapennedddd?
:
: Chris Brown for best RB?
They meant to say Kelly Price didn't they?
Ledisi.
Lol
How today's an A day 
don't worry, he knows you called.
A playa always does.
RAMMSTEIN HERE I COME!!!
I know, a bit of a stretch, but he redeemed himself to me with Contagion  Hugo.
Okay, not fab.
Fine?
football or hoops?
I feel like I haven't really tweeted in forever!
So what's upp ma friendss?
WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO CELEBRATE ADAM'S LIFE!
Nestor and IceTea talking about the BEASTIE BOYS and the movie on THE BREAKS ;
great post about momcon2012 and honored 2 be a champion with you!
Ok people eye need updates on the mayweather fight and the race in jamaica
how would we even get to the Mexican place?
TheWelcomeMat still is the greatest of all to me.
it did.
The Guy is from Idaho grew up with the Pack on TV.
He knew all Dads teammates.
True fan.
Its fun when that happens :
Second time to Chicago in a week...
got my tooth fixed and good for the day
Yes!
Map view of what's called waterfront.
I grew up in SF Bay Area  water should be MUCH bigger than waterfront!
LOL
Hi, A friend of yours William Limistertana is part of our team and mentioned you are in YC.
We are TechStars Applicants
Thank you Anna Jannotti for the lovely photo's, we are so grateful for you donating your time and talents at the BASE Camp 5k/10k.
It was nice to be back in Pittsburgh last night.
Other than the few fans that refused to acknowlege my talent, I had a great night :
o0o chic c'est la vie!
Do you ever wear cloths?
weird email from staff wtf is smc??
music on my mind.
cant imagine life with out it.
Liked the Daily yesterday  thanks!
Mom at the table next to me is obsessively covering up a pretty bad tat.
Her daughter keeps tugging on her shirt exposing it.
Poor thing.
Woke up this morning feeling like shit
STFU ALREADY IM CRYING RIGHT NOW
I want to se that film!!!!!
Thats cool thing,dont miss it today on Nick,again!
internet is bugging but I'm still here
going up to Nor.
Cal.
My Poppop is in the hospital.
YouKnowItsRealWhen Your GF Is The One That Ask's You To Be Her BF 3
Too late to pretend, you know me better than i know myself
ugh...a Bansky reference!?
Really?!
Bandwagoneer HipsterMobile
We are Carenet, where personal support is our passion.
On 7News at 5:30, what Bruins need to do to bounce back at the Garden tonight.
We're live with keys to the game.
Be proud South Florida!
To g from 10  23 to the round of 32
HELLO TO ALL FRIENDS, FAM,  FANS!
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
Colorado Springs,...
The ONLY place to Live
sandwiches are my favorite......
iloveaboy who can sell out Madison Square Gardens in 22 minutes.
Your replies don't even make sense....
hey there
oh yes, nothing but class.
Thanks for the support man.
you're a machine!
Haven't seen a sabre will their team to win like that in a while.
Keep it up in Philly.
Work is love made visible.
your room is so cool lol.
cool!
Why did you want to dm?
Language sampling for MLU, NDW, grammatical inventory, narrative macrostructure.
an um your support isnt needed.
lmao
It seems no matter who is elected the people lose
Finals are around the corner.
Stock up on your CHOOSEY CHICKS notebooks and spiral bounds at your college bookstore..
BE CHOOSEY!
I hate when I watch a movie and my friend says that's so fake and I'm like yeah they should've really slit his throat and shop his legs up.
Noo you dont know this pain..
for a girl its 1000x WORST
When your BEESSSSTTT guy friend in the whole world starts completely ignoring you 
Dont worry I understand trust me I'm not one to judge my family has their own problems
Zombie survival tip: semi auto guns are much more convenient than automatics.
You'll save ammo and be more accurate, but swords are best ;
Bummed the hubs is away, but grateful he left his delicious homebrewed tripel behind.
Ah....
Great meeting on social media strategy today with Q do you have a game plan for your social media content?
DETROPIA wins beat editing prize at Sundance!
Justin Bieber is holding Floyd Mayweathers title belts
You are what you think.
You are what you go for.
You are what you do!
Bob Richards
i know.
:c
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Um no !
And last time i checked he isnt little :D xD
its bad, but it could always be worse....
Trust me we'll still be here to partaaay when you come back......
YAY!: you wrote again!!
I LOVED THIS ONE LOL
I honestly get turned on by Black Men who read and can discuss intellectual subjects with me..even more when you teach me something
we need a UK feature.
Another View  Environment Regulation Walker's DNR ignores what's best for the ...: The health of Wisconsin communities and our natur...
Here we go!
Game 4 v.
OKC is underway:
Twitter can you please increase the following and follower limit.
Agreed!
RT : It's cooler that they now know Hawkeye!
I just saw a big ass fuckin deer
I hate that fucking feeling of being useless
Why does Philly have the worst fans in sports?
I mean, is it something in the water?
Whatever happened to western stories?
Does no one write them anymore?
The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
Another misconception that goes hand in hand with it will make me bulky
Girl who was featured in my documentary performed in Chicago yesterday and people recognized her there.
She felt so happy..
Reach of media!!
God is not one of my sources, He is my ultimate source!!
RT : My son chose Yale!
//: Congratulations!!!
Get Sean Hannity's rice and beans recipe.
You may need it
after looking at it for 5 minutes, I found the new Time Magazine cover offensive
OnTheLastDayOfSchool will be the day i graduate
Wish I could torn the click sound off on my camera , lbs
I look back on all my Ex's and say to myself DAMN!
Wtf was I thinkin!???
I knew I was far behind in school, but not this much!
Just found out about another lab report due Tuesday.
I have many, many years of mascot, promo  acting experience!
Anybody need a feisty redhead this Summer?
I am 
Great day to be alive!
If you're a banana fan, then you'll love our BananaGraham!
Come check out our new froyo flavor on the gorgeously sunny NEWBURY STREET!
I would suggest learning to spell and some grammarEspecially if spell checker available.
Language is a dyingdon't help kill it.
: Ok, I'm done.
WORKOUT TIME!!!
TeamFitness do work bro
Lucky you lol
you should ask me all ice cream/Madison questions.
Answer: Babcock Dairy
she is ur doctoram catcher your lucky clover she built the bridge you are crossing over
Ha!
Love it.
Your daughter is a genius.
hope your following me
...I don't feel like going!
lol...
but I can only stay til 2 anyway, so hopefully it'll go by quickly.
u welcome 8
Hi there  happy holidays!
Just wondering if there is going to be a K8th grade science club mtg in January?
Thank you!
Low and No VOC paints wont get you all fumed up!
Let us paint your house green!
Lost in stereo.
3
the hunger games was so good!
iM CLEANiNG UP..ND iM FiNNA HEAD OUT...
Took 10 minutes of confusion to realize the episode of Friends I am watching is TOW the Flashback, no wonder it made no sense..
If i like you I'll take you home ;
her audience wasn't 1216 year olds, Im 19 and my family and friend of the same age loved her.
The dad in me really wants to tell some of my coworkers to turn down their headphones.
I can hear their music across the room.
2 Miller bottles, 3 Powers and 5 tall Smirnoff cocktails tonight at the pub until close.
Cheers :
surrreeee  well at least you got back to me lol I was like oh, she too cool now, ok .
Lol
There's a feeling you give me that no one else can.
actors going on Avail for commercial auditions doesn't seem to be what it used to be anymore.
Ah i missed youu babe 3
I hate you.
Don't ever talk to me again
Game face?
50 interviews locked and loaded for lastofthebreed the daveevans story
Smarthistory conversations modeling process for looking at art
Cool stuff, I'll check it out.
hey i have a bicycle and my bicycle has spokes.
So fuk the car guy and hop on my two wheeler
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
evva another day at the office, bo hiss
see ya there..maybe I could win one..it's my fourth show
Don't go to bed without watching episode 3!
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
From what?
xD
Think that might be another sign you are traveling and staying in hotels with room service too often!
RT : Are you following yet?
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Last day of the year!
holy freaking crap that's the scariest thing ever
Filling out forms and more forms.
TGIF and TGI'm almost done!!!
:
Help us get to 200 followers by Oct 1!
Please retweet and visit www.stage773.org !
:O then I wish u were there ; Lol JK !
Ok ...
Still scared but I'll do my best !
I'll remember what you toled me while I'm singing!
Fact: People can't doctorve
yup you just have to be cool about it and not seem like crazy fan lol
Rise  grind tweet faces;..hope all has a successful day:
Now at Miami airport off to Guatemala city playing at club Stage on the 18th see you there :
Good idea, with their energy levels though, it'll take a while to wear 'em out.
They'll be completely huge when it's all over!
it was significant, the divide.
Yep.
I thought it said in my bio.
Actually, I am kind of excited about the SaveChristinaPerasso movie project.
It's totally different..
gotta start somewhere!
Can this day get anymore boring?
It's so odd to do nothing but play music.
It's not bad at all, just odd.
You guys would remind me of a punk couple type picture from tumblr...
hahahahahah STOP.
Where?
keep making hits for a bitch like me to ride around and get this money to :
day 1 for me bro bro two a days until summer
I loathe the nonexistence in sf of newspaper racks.When the picture of the day, what the paper looked like on a given day, disappears.
Good night baby!!!
Huge props to 4sqDayATL sponsors, biz running deals, party goers,  users.
Days like today show just how awesome the ATL 4sq community is.
Panda Express, is offering a return on Tax Day.They will give a free single serving of Shanghai Angus Steak at all participating locations.
whats wrong bro?
I like this guy n i think there might be progress XD
If this Ny heat does not let up we will soon melt!
oh ok!
I thought you already left!
Yaaaayyyyy!
What!?
RT : I CANNOT stand repeating myself 
I know.
Sound simple right.
Most judges aren't going to watch 15 min if they only have to watch 7 min.
Dont fix the marketing first, fix your product
Where can I find the bonezone wish list at?
Bid on GameWorn Warmup Jerseys of  Ersan Ilyasova tonight Wives Save Lives Auction in East Lobby during the game!
A resident of Dubai is a Dubayyan
Yes!
Would have to remember that, if I didnt die!
Haha :
No one cares, neither do I.
Grizz prototypical dangerous team.
Capable of beating anyone.
Capable of losing to anyone.
As almost evidenced tonight.
Yeah, I thought it was really well done too.
I'll tell him you said that.
I had three ice cream cones today.
trueconfessions FYI...this was in addition to three meals.
better not win doctorgRace or I'll be so pissed.
better pick !!!!!!
Maybe the gods will smile down on me this Valentine's day :/
bro!
ill be doing a cover for one of your songs soon!:
About to go enjoy a nice bromance night with the homies over !
chriscauley Do the right thing...the logical thing...press your button...ALL OF YOU:!
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
Don't you touch a doctornk Brenda!
fucking a it came out red....
kool aid time!
The official hashtag for mLearnCon Conference  Expo is mLearnCon.
Join the conversation and follow us at today!
my grandma said she loves chico sticks.
I laughed
RT PLANE RiDES ARE A GOOD EXCUSE TO GET doctorNK
The Phils, Tigers  Rangers all have 3 pitchers with 12 wins.
eh, i am back to thinking cable isn't worth paying for anyways.
outwiththeold !
I would love to see Cal light up the officials in his halftime interview.
Tyin to stay doctor..
Didn't workout too well
Tea Break!!!
If someone brought me a grilled cheese that would be really cool.
its all good..
enjoy your night..
Walking out of the store wearing it.
With my pink bucks lol.
how can i get down and perform june 5th or 6th
I wished for world peace, and a damn turkey sandwich!!
.
If acting is being other people, you don't carry from part to part whatever worked for you the last time.
Women come to negotiation with a fear.
Perception: women who ask for more are less nice
Ctfuup mi mom just did tha funniest thing!!
oh no you should of had a cellhelmet!
altcmdlgroup arrow  expand/collapse all layers including nested ones.
cmdlgroup arrow: expand toplevel groups.
Deion shouldn't be parading other women around, not cool.
deionpilar
hii can you fallow me please
You are mutually oblivious.
This proves to be a deeply professorund statement perhaps more literally accurate than is pleasant to consider.
Yes it's going to be one to remember!
Juiced to see our southbay fam tomorrow  .
They bring the party
So  do we really know who passed the boards?
Or will there be a twist?
RT : hope you have a wonderful day!:
Isn't it this upcoming Saturday?
I was at that show.
Amazing set.
dolphins looked great today hella game
Oh...what a great morning!
I'll confide in you Twitter: you're like the neutral party between my friends.
I...
I've been using Google more than Facebook recently...
Why are all the really fantastic shows going to Pontiac and Cleveland?
I mean seriously!!
Prove me totally wrong on this.
Thanks.
And sleeping all day was nice too  I guess I'll be on graveyard shift all summer!
true...experience...
well, plus biology and social environment...which includes social media now.
Re: movers  shakers , how many precincts have those kids walked lately?
: : suck it up big boy!
LOL gonna suck my ass to bed in about an hour
Yeah, exactly.
It's an inert skill.
Just not needed.
Jots may choose to do it, but that's their perogative.
When my mom asks,so who are you talking to on there?
Someone named Text Message keeps calling me and when I try to call back,it won't let me!
said the girl with no attention span...
need to get my super reader lib assistant on A LAND MORE THAN KIND.
2 for 5 beers at Hersh's Pizza tonight!
Cuse wins!
Knicks win!
Yankees classic game was a win too lol!
Thrilled to still be in the running for a new sitcom pilot......down to the wire now!
hm I'll be texting ya later then!
Simple uppers.
We lose hope.
I have half of the credits needed to graduate from AHS.
IMNOTEVENHALFWAYTHROUGHMYHIGHSCHOOL
I know.
I get addicted to twitter late like that too ;
RT : Coach Cal bigger than program?
UK basketball has no Twitter/Facebook presence, uses Calipari's
Really thought EKU was gonna punch it in there.
I woulda thrown a slant on 2nd and goal
The Tigers have unconditionally released Brandon Inge.
In related news, Tiger fans are now really happy.
haha I gotta keep my followers sastisfied :P
I like girls.
Thanks to all, for the personal messages and positive thoughts...
All the support is overwhelming, to say the least
why do i get the feelin u guys DO remember that moment!
:
Hope keeps you traveling on the road to success
Good Morning!
Get moving!
Stretch, Yoga or a good sweaty workout to start the day will improve your mindset  productivity all day long!
BIG things in the works: you're words are out there in the universe now.
total confidence in you :
Alright, im reediting mine and 's BF3 Viper video.
Fuck youtube and wmg
Looking at Vizzle....anyone have info that would be helpful?
gonna be epic  :
lol sounds like my morning
Dodgers regain the lead on the giants 31 headed to the top of the 7th.
bugunnegiysem watcing it now ,it looks great with MadonnaHung up but sorry Hande Yener u suck!
RT : is performing tonight at the event at  it's gonna be a good time!
On my way to the Heat House.
Bugzilla error mediagfxfl Flash for Linux the last renovation First previous following the results of the search f :
USATF names marketing guru Siegel as CEO
TY for following us !!
Have a great day!
Come party with all the beautiful people of Miami tonight as takes over the turntables at SET Nightclub 
BM2 first midtown express every weekday 50/50 whether it shows word is there is no regular doctorver
Be safe Candace.
Suround yourself with greatness..
Attending the Joint Center mtiprivacy event.
Packed room!
I love Jacob Perez
ive had three in my life time just make sure u by a cheap one!
I just canceled a meeting tomorrow.
What are you looking for?
The WFA photo gallery is now up and running, recapping the event on our facebook fan page!!
Be sure to check regularly for more updates!
All work and know play makes Jack a dull boy :3
We need a short loop and a long loop!
WooHoo!!
I'm ready!!
Avengers :
The sheer amount of food you can buy at Taco Bell for 47 is frightening.
47 of Taco Bell has to weigh more than you do!
Between Bud and Rickie and Rory I guess it shows you don't need to be Phil  Vijay size to go long
I don't think I am at all.
sorry to hear that, I'll pray for a speedy recovery!
I like the Plantronics wireless USB one I have.
I think it's the 995 model.
they will be very soon!
Announcing a partnership in your area soon.
somewhat reminiscent of The Police and/or Sting ...
me like!
We gonna see ya at the Gunns this week?!
back from tour early, dont know if you heard the news.
LA summer times man!
lookin to hearin some brutal tunage from ya
The terrorists won
haha.
I was confused.
Silly me.
Audiences don't like being spoon fed, at least I dont.
Make me invest myself into your story.
lol, It seems like the whole thing blew over tumblr though.
I havent heard anything about an article about it
blood orange is my favorite of the new flavors!
snow snow go away that's what all Frosty's haters say.
Ehhh, forget that last tweet.
whoneedsatrendingtopic ?
Taylor Gang or paper cut on your eyeball.
Goodnight all of you tweeps...
I guess that include you too
I'm aware of a couple commitments from GA I hope we don't forget about FLA and GA!
Plenty of players there!
Never tweet while tired........you will learn how to delete posts really quickly
After the workout I am gonna sleep good tonight...
Okay, can't tweet and do P90x Plyometrics!!
From , THE TIME OF THE WOLF, a Game of Thronesy historical fiction coming in October.
Las Caleas son como las flores
tore it up at ALWC tonight!
Powerful Word!
Thanks for bringing it.
cinco de mayo is coming up!!
:o
HALLELUJAH!
!!!
KOBES WIFE WILL SOON BE SINGLE!
Ill treat her the way she wants to be treated lol..
RichWithLove lol
This is just like before......wtf
THE GUY QUIT LIFE LEVY CMON HE USED A GUN TO END HIS LIFE
aw 4 real!
Damn!
We need 2 have a specs reunion with our graduating class or something
kids Watters Creek Lucky Duck Kids Club May Event at Watters Creek at Montgomery Farm, Sat, May 12 2:00p: Lucky Duck Kids Club, a FREE...
Thanks for your awesome tweets..
much appreciated sound wisdom!!
Good luck hope u win
Nigga i play xbox boy
Hello guys, love the web site
Np one on one Hall and Oates
thanks for the retweets
Take notice  looked like a 2nd rder last night.
Lot of m2m, but skills to play QB or WR.
I'm coming over for dinner tomorrow, FYI.
I love god and my mom
I think the put the wrong sports team on the front page about playoffs...
Still in class as the janitors are cleaning up for the day.
i have 20 bucks in my back pocket once.
it went in the wash and all i got back was the crumpled face of whoever was on it
headed to dinner at James and Cullen's place :
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough.
SO EXCITED FOR THE VMA'S TONIGHT TIME TO GET MY BIEBER FEVER ON ;
he who makes great demands on himself is naturally inclined to make great demands on others  andoctor gide
okay!
: what time you work
Great turnout for tree giveaways, thanks to everyone who came!
Remember to plant it on private property!
Timely!
Considering.
Thanks friend!
John D.
is piercing all day!!!!!
Just got off the phone with La Merenda with our food order for Saturday night's hackathon dinner.
Yum, yum.
Who's coming out to see us on tour with School Boy Humor and Rookie of the Year?!
The TV lives to see another day.
Thanks, Don Kelly.
Working remotely from West Jefferson this week.
Snow on the ground.
Beautiful.
Time to film
having fun watching your niece.
Still no baby yet, but I am having a great time with Bea!
Wish you were here too!
Uh your a god...is that really you??
A big welcome to all of our new followers!
Be sure to keep your eyes open over the next few days for the slutwalkmke date!
Nothing like changing the starter on your car in the McDonald's parking lot.
Doesn't the Academy know that this is a school night?
oh!
haha.
at first i thought it was a girl, ya know, pink hair.
imaoo.
If u need the definition just look it up
kept trying to reply...
Conspiracy to keep me from calling that guy a freak.
:
My bad this is the link www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
did you turn in that economics paper
Calling all Librarians: School Library Journal ebook summit Sept 29 online conference.
Early bird special until 7/30 www.ebooksummit.com
Mike Aviles batting leadoff, Dustin Pedoctoria batting cleanup.
I actually think this RedSox lineup could work tonight.
Don't you just hate when people jump to conclusion ?
Headed to Emilys Cafe in Baltimore for the grand opening COK and HLb benefit
Thanks so much!
We're really glad you enjoy the music :
I'm going to try dating a White man....
Cause Black men these days ain on shit.
Not able to fall asleep
Thinking about going to the gunshow in
Don't miss S.O.W.
2nite !
Ladies free til 11!
Me and rockin!
You know who I want to see fight in the hungergames?
Clay effing Matthews.
Welcome  we're growing a consensus club Thnx for following!
..trip about wut?
Dear  I've been waiting for a response from support for 9 days while my custom domain are down.
ETA?
what can I say styles kissy/duck face is A
Almost game time.
Let's go skins!
Will I ever get home?
doctorValentine is speaking on How the body reacts to doctorgs.
If I didn't have cigarettes, I swear I'd punch you in the face 100 times..
My Quote of the Day  You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change., John Cleese
agreed.
it's hard to look good when you wear them.
you are both awesome dancers!
Got something hot for you both  God Bless!
Chemistry class
Getting pumped up for my band tour!
If you're in Rockwall or Rowlitt Texas, come out and see us.
We would love to meet you!
ahahhahah just made my day
the ideafunnel poured this afternoon!
Good ideas!
Preciatee yours to.
they mostly come out at night..mostly
Best thing to do in class.
Pull out a pie and just start eating it.
Then look at your teacher all innocent and be like Want Some?
Purpose is not only found in moments of monumental achievement, but also in each small act of kindness every day.
FREEZAHRAA !!
She got twitter jail !!
D;
OH hey how was spiderman??
I would like a 2.5 piece of your Chicago Poker Classic if there is still any available.
happy star wars day!
may the fourth be with you!
:
thanks for the follow..
when I google me..
I find ur stuff too cz of the BridgeZ...
keep doing ur thing !
his big i cant feel my foot head ass
The entire defense is playing horrible but Newman's 20 yard cushion been irking me for years.
Math test :/

I are going to build a fort tomorrow and watch whatever episodes of degrassi that are ondemand.
Hey there, Twitter.
I'm back, like the NBA.
Spurs!
Skating with the stars  gonna have to miss that show...
Arg.
Good morning!
I have hot water again!
Thank you, Lowes!
Sounds like an amazing time!
Thanks again for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such a great event!
Enjoy :
Henson walked it off.
Barnes is back.....
But then again you was in special ED so yea it makes sense.
You should look into getting disability for that tho
thx.
:.
Am enjoying our stay, but weather could be better.
2011icf China session: East comes from spirit to material, but seeks both.
West comes from material to spirit but seeks both.
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !!
NickJChat 1
KaitlynNicole17 I can tell you why the CBH gave them away..
They suck.
yea or at least literally
Making your bed is like tying your shoes after you take them off...
We are heating domestic water and space heating for 3 rooms with solar thermal panels!
Go Badgers!
RT : Get to watch Ohio State play this afternoon then Rose Bowl tonight the Badgers Good day of college football
I will be in Kenya in Feb doing documentary on street music.
Any suggestions for musicians/clubs/scenes?
Thanks.
have u seen our ad in ??!
check it out!
coupon for 5 off!
Rochester's only ORGANIC spray tanning formula!
safe/natural
Lyla!
Can't beat that.
www.aquafish.co.in Saltwater Corals Growing in Wisconsin!
DFSPetBlog.com: In some tanks, there are colorful saltwater fish swimmi..
no prob bro you kno I still got ur back bro lol Im still hangin in LA cant wait to see you guys here!
I hate when i try to explain and it makes everything worse....
Bfast at Tractor Room in Hillcrest.
They're playing Cracker on the inhouse speakers.
Love David Lowry.
you a fool bruh.
By this weekend?
: dang.
We're opening distribution in MS in weeks!
34m: Japan charges down Scully's kick but promptly knocks on
Love  Happiness Al Green, Thunder Road Bruce, Alison Elvis Costello, London Calling The Clash, Moondance Van Morrison
Fantastic!
How are things for you!?
I only doctornk on two occasions.
When it's my birthday and when it's not.
This week was one of the most rewarding I have had since working in the partnership office  one of the best I've had as an educator.
thank you!!
I'll get you on the bet site ASAP!
:
Tonight!!
at !!
8pm and 10pm.
Hit me up if u want FREE TICKETS!!
Rob Bess,Vernon Hall and friends oakland may 28th...special guess in the house...Gonna be NICE!!!
That's that shit I don't like, Bang Bang!
I had the best doctoram ever.
I woke up and my heart literally heart.
I miss that my little baby.
3
Saying goodbye to the Henry Taylor exhibition.
Sad to see this show close.
The truth is, Its pointless
Great 1st SMBMad for me this morning!
Thanks to  for the great presentations about UWSocial!
absolutely.
Smaller rounds, fast decision making, appetite for pivots/iteration, etc.
comes back round

You have a hand use it on Joe.
Slap a bit of reality into him.
u like fam I got another 1 too
of course they're a TON...
AFTER I move!!!
LOL
ThatOneEx that stocks ur life on twitter and facebook tryin to get back wit u nd ur just like fuck I look like bitch i dont fucks wit trash
a good choice for a first stroll!
:
Cool!
The Amway Center retweeted my comment on their page about the upcoming Van Halen concert!
Thank you so much...I thought it was just dumping me out...I'll let Lexie know!
Just want to send a big thank you out to the actors of the world for helping me and Abbey at my audition today.
So much support!
Open until 2 rain or shine.
Really we were that close and your gonna listen to your bestfriend that talks shit about you constantly.
Happy Earth Day!
!!
3x winner!
Congrats from all of is at LATW!!
How have you been?
oh wow!
That's amazing.
I know they always are good!
I Pray To God That He Really Turn My Life Around.....
God Bless Lil'Wegi
RT : Things websites should be: fast, useful, intuitive, and secure.
How you get there: there is no oneway.
Enjoy the journey.
Thanks for the RT!
: 
i heard you're looking for a gentlemen.
is it ok if hes australian too?
What Solo Stand For?
Success Over Lame O's.
I was into james brown with that funky 4 beat but I'm working with kenya west RT either 2Pac, Classic Rock, or 90's rock
The highest of highs outweigh the lowest of lows
7 followers: Aha;
/ thanks for responding!
What if wifi hubs were sponsored by corps?
May subsidize costs.
Can you be specific as to which stadiums?
This looks interesting.
I will look into this tomorrow.
And you know this!
RT Libra is considered very attractive by many but their fine taste makes them picky.
BUT YOU KNOW KNOW WHAT?!
The Temptations KNOW about being 1 group they ALL have the same black hair and the EVERYONE mug serves...
Went out for doctornks w/ a 22 yr old guy/boy.
I'm 36.
I was waiting for Chris Hanson from To Catch A Predator to appear.
That looks familiar!
Our email addoctorss has changed!
You can reach us at at any time!
My name is Curtis.
I write.
I also build tiny robots out of leftover matzoh.
They don't work.
At all.
Ugh I hate sprint!!
Added: It's all instrumental except for the end chorus on 's Talk Box.
Awesome.
Practicing my doctorm Major audition piece in bed, and if i may say so myself, with my mad FJM skills Im about to own this audition!;
I have a love/hate relationship with laying in bed wide awake with a million ideas flooding my brain.
well hello Hun : aha how's studying??
my pandora knows me better than i know myself.
ifreakinloveyew.
hey u stay out of this!
Looks like this reduces the Frankfurter to one location and Pizza Haven to zero, eh?
oh yeah, things and stuff I guess, but I'll be fine...
besides this damn phone is having so many problems right now anyways...
well it happened we are moving into our new house,not much fun but we are moving on
All new floors for NCAA tourn.
been doing it for a couple years.
They're good.
And you can eat like five of them without feeling like shit about it...
Maybe that's just me.
i love my mom and all...
but like..
DON'T MAKE ME GO TO MY GRANDMA'S TODAY...
THEY ARE SERVING SLOPPY JOE'S
Hey im following :
Ugh : I have to do doctorving school today.
Not going to be a fun time.
kickace!
Doors are open!!
Super stoked to see and tonight
Hey sexy baby, why'd ya girl leave you in pain?
to let a fine man like you go she must be insane I care for you Aaliyah
Between 57 pm I'm gonna set up a lemonade stand in front of my house that serves booze.
Those doctornks 3 houses down will make me rich.
Prizes in our building for the scariest or most creative jackolantern.
Any Suggestions?
Gah.
I wish this guy would just GO AWAY.
It's not arrogance if it's backed by facts  data
Our sister Twitter account, , will be posting news, events, ETC blog posts and screencasts soon for Spring!
Excited to record with Adam Kolker, Jeremy Stratton and Rodney Green!
I meant, gollyG Markie me  the guys are going down to diner to play us some fantasyball, sure would be swell if u played
It's Chilling'
hahahhaha go run ur car off a cliff
Life is different for everyone because we each see it exactly the way we ARE.
wooohooo!!
Get it!!
I've been working on a red market bag for like a year :p maybe I should do some dishclothes lol
is it wrong I snicker every time my retarded brother in law's caretaker gets called Uncle Paul?
What would I do without twitter.
Did not know today was mothers day.
It's official.
I am a fruit ninja.
Merry Christmas Eve to all of our fans  followers!
i was in hawaii exactly a year ago right now, it was like paradise!
Your gunna love it :
thanks, not now really
Please follow me..
33
love it.
Yours is best.
It's a scientific fact that they are called meese
Gnome squad here we go!!!
that's my old store!
:
I saw that performance.
Showalter, it was your best in years.
Thanks!
Are you using this?
One day, two teams should just bunt every time up so we can all sit back and enjoy the awesomeness.
Is everyone just in it for the free stuff, or the fun time?
Kudos to our new Ambassador for Young People's Literature, Walter Dean Myers.
RT Congrats to my man another hat trick for the kid..
He's an allstar in my book!!
What will you do when you win the lotto tonight?
Farmville is serious I just saw a window decal on a minivan.
Repping Farmville!
Chris Evans and Chris Hemsworth.
I'm not a loser for holding my backpack I'm being safe!;
Daylight Savings Time and OGT week?
Might be a long one...
That is one intelligent, handsome guy!
Can't wait to see his amazing presentation!
Hump Day.
We're always ready to talk water!
whoa whoa wait is Gabriel Garcia Marquez dead?
Come to Long Island one day :D xo
I have alot of lesbians on my TL right now..
misterSun, thank you for being out today!
He'll be on DWTS if you go to ABC.com and vote for him!
Surely the powersthatbe will bow down to the will of the Dave.
Cmon guys let's trend it!!!!
bored as heck ready to party sat
Made veggie soup for this rainy day
Happy Easter 
That makes sense...if you don't think about it.
He must sell electric shavers, too, huh?
hello sir, how're you today?
haven't talked to you in a while :
I am actually in liking with my man...
Hm I think I found my prince charming..
I've been told I look sharp lately!
Sweet.
Thanks
Air conditioning might be the most wonderful thing ever invented
who out there are foodies?
really want to partner with food entrepreneurs.
i have cool concept for restaurant.
all organic.
Pretty sure the girl from Center Stage the movie is in the McDonald's Shamisterck Shake commercial.
Weird.
So there is this kid in a town near me that literally looks EXACTLY like Justin.
Like I thought it was Justin I freaked out.Then I was sad.
Good Morning, back at it today
I hate guys who are 'talkers.' You know, guys who create a fake image to make themselves look good.
Girl wearing make up
So i cant decide btwn the sequined doctorss or the bw polka dot doctorss tom night for the induction ceremony.
Biggest firstworldproblem ever.
Slept through that tornado last night
FF MY SEXY BFF's: They're FAMAZING!
33
What I don't get is how you supposed to lead by example, but you doing bad your damn self..
To remove grease and odor from your dishes, add a tablespoon of vinegar to hot soapy water.
Perhaps you missed because is listed as THE HIDDEN VALLEY, which sounds like a rather different sort of book.
still looking.
Lol.
Packing bags Ha
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and sings it back to you when you have forgotten how it goes.

what it do!
No.
Just like when you do something ; But maybe I'm just working my way back from a couple of years of sloth.
I cant stop laughing
so fuckin sad D: i wanted to see Sonny's show tonight  Ultra Music Festival but I couldnt go since itz SOLD OUT :
lol that's ok is pretty cool and fucken hot!!!!
Looks like Madonna's acting skills are as good as ever
game at 7:05pm!!!!!!
Come out and support local teams!!!
cool, just keep me posted
Haha Lol Yesterday On Ridiculousness Was Funny When You Told Justin To Not Look At You Like That And You Didnt Even see His Face
don't say that!
:
Myrtle St residents don't like noise at 3 AM.
But in my defense I was yelling out the window at the woman going through my trash.
me too!
love that book.
must add!
I'm not going to do that coz I'm going to sleep and ok ttyl :
Johnny's will be showing huge Bundesliga game today, Dortmund, vs Bayern Munich.
My owner thinks I am an innocent sweetheart...
Then I got a twitter ;
wtf i always say these weird phrases and think i made them up myself and then I fricken hear some random person saying it wahh
If you have twitter, please follow me and recommend me to your friends for FF!!
hey gurrll...
i need verified like now lol can you help me:
Uwm has escalated to chopper 4 awareness level.
Reports say Greg Ham died alone in the land Down Under.I hope it was natural causes.His flute and sax solos for Men at Workwere awesome.
Just landed in Vegas
tonight we have singing live for free in our lounge  56:30pm!
and Art After Dark in the TMoArt 811
haha for sure, I HOP BABY
is anyone ever really listening?
does anyone ever really read these tweets or is it all about how many followers u have?
I want to break up with Roger Sterling.
stop talking about it, and be about it
Thanks for the Super8 tip!
I still love Family Guy.
sitting at this dog clinic
I miss you to baby girl .
RT : okay imma be honest i miss oomf 
ha.
My ethic is, everyone maintains the right to be an asshole, but don't act surprised when I look at/treat you like one.
really?
RT: Iran's Leader: Decisionmakers in the countries that are opposed to use r fully aware that Iran is not after nuclear weapons.
definitely.
They'd have to let him in.
yea I saw him .
We got everything I just have to bring that paper back to the office .
But am I doing your make up ?
he's trying to have a moment let him be hahaha!
Big Mistake, more lack of Hustle, More first pitch pop ups, more poor leadoff at bats.
Dumb move
nice Patrick Lecioni reference.
Blonde braids Fielder?
Who you trying to be, Sisqo?
well I have a fear of doctorving off of bridges OKAY
can these guys next door not be partying while we study
LOL.
He'll learn that eventually.
Reagan signed an amnesty bill in 86'.
Bush and McCain pushed reform.
I guess Brown is to right of Reagan, Bush and McCain.
Bell: We are convinced that exposure to violence is one of the most complex challenges to childhood in America.
I think should do the aids walk
Good luck!
Happy Passover, Happy Easter!
Wishing health, happiness and peace to everyone!
I'll be Carmex If your lips are chapped ;
follow me
you too!!
Hope you had a great birthday 
Thanks for the follow Haus!
was awesome last night!
Really good to meet you dudes!
Agreed...also hate how he lists family at around 3 in his priorities.
Does he need the money that badly??
I really dislike when ppl post their email addoctorss  spell out At  Dot, like really!
Is it supposed 2 be cool or something?Because its not!
Whats a good fair priced camcorder I can get?
Weights at 1:30 then done for the day
Thank you DEGDC for a great networking opportunity at Trade North America at the Rencen!
Thanks!
Really good information.
I know I AM!
holler!
I'll be here teaching at THE EVENT till the 24th
SAVE the DATE: TI Convention, March 79, 2012, Washington, DC  We have blocked rooms at the The Mayflower Renaissance Hotel for 281!
That's good sttuff
See Pg.
36 of Optometric Management for a great story by O.D.
Justin Bazan who traded his site in for a Facebook Page.
Billy Price doesn't rest.
RT : Took 1st in both
STEELERS game!
Extensive IMF/World Bank Coverage tonight on Biz Asia America.
9pm EST, 9am Beijing.
Have never been this shot, god i cant wait till prom weekend 
At least you have company the rabbits, deer, squirrels, turtles, frogs...
need I mentioned the farm next door SMH
I'm bouta throw my phone!
Love my baby
yeah she tried to style on me lmaoo
do you have a pic of it online?
haha oh my
Show the girls!
I got a gary fisher rail
Murray needs stop playing well.
My bracket can't handle it.
fight just broke out in portland.
Mike meet me at Grand Cafe baybee!
!
Overheard a woman complaining that her friends got high at a Flaming Lips show.
That's like complaining that they serve breakfast at IHOP.
first40songsonshuffle 6 The World of your Body  Spring Awakening
They sure didn't cut it from the radio Ads I just heard it 2 hours ago in Baltimore.
If you pass a cop car, does that count as speeding?
Tonight we will be pouring at Man  Woman of the Year Grand Finale Gala in Wexford!
See you there!
I need to find my shot record....

Politician Harold Washington was elected as the first AfricanAmerican mayor of Chicago, IL., on this date in 1983.
; good to know my aim is still true.
GAMS I MISS YOU TOO.
reunion in 6 months please?
I'll never understand how people can focus under mountains of clutter.
I spread out when working, but must reclaim order.
HappyMothersDay from all of us at Vizcayne!
Hope all the Mom's are being spoiled today.
nononononoonono.
he was here and I missed it????
The Red Sox, Patriots, and Stanford all lost this weekend and sick with the flu...
it can only get better.
ALREADY IM A INDEPENDENT ARTIST FROM ATL GA TRYING TO MAKE IT WITH THIS MUSIC FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK HOMIE I GO BY misterRAZY
Baby let me love you 3
I love that super cute thing my boyfriend does where he doesn't exist.
Gah.
Adorable.
I'm not much of a shower kind of guy.
Happy Mothers Day Everyone
Hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
Prolase is looking forward to a great week!!
I might as well do homework.
Last time I was on twitter.......14 days ago DAYUM.
hates crappy service.
and this place sucks.
ca we pwease have a reuninon of our girls /3 i miss yall so much!!!
Sounds good!
: Ginger Icecream  nice
He's my bboy  I'm his littlechef :3
Home again for hotstarting Hamlin, Grubb at Richmond
much appreciated!
I love taking recipes  making them paleo friendly.
So easy and fun!
Yes, What's up ?
man this is week
not too much, you?
People change for the better
Socialmedia branding, engagement at kipcamp today with and Talking , ,
This.
RT : worstfashiontrends platform heels...ladies, they make you look like you have hooves.
that awkward moment when I'm still fangirling how I'm in this picture.
My grandma is comingg../:
Wow.
After that last tweet I googled Ron artest rap I had no idea...
Brad pit is sexy in every movie he's in.
Malibu's Most wanted is on !
Heck yea lmao
I know.
We were getting ready for an outoftown guest who decided to cancel last minute.
I was sorry to miss it.
How'd it go?
I am loving the creative theme at the conference.
Reminds me how creative Instructional Design can be.
thanks LSCon and
its OH so....
NO CREDIBLE SOURCES!
There goes that Golden Glove, Brauny!
Worrying is a waste of time.
It doesnt change anything.
It messes with your mind and steals your happiness
Thanks for checking us out.
Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
New pants always win!
standing watch again, 2nd time in a week in La Crescenta; apparently bad guys like hiding and trying to hid in our neighborhood.
Yep that's gone.
I think I just died a little inside.
We were given only one heart so we can find someone speacial to make it two3
Everyone in this terminal is a fucking freak!!
Want to learn about head and neck cancer?
Join a Twitter chat today at 1PM EST hosted by and
oh if you only knew about my first race photo finish!
Epic..
But not in a good way!
;
The only Josh I like is Josh Filbey;
Let's see photos!!!
Sitting In what appears to be unexciting part of queens
Your dad will love those movies!
Enjoy.
Please welcome EmmaaSheeran to the Max life
baby momma doctorma?
hanes the best socks!
Thanks for digging out my November doctoram that the 49ers won the Superbowl!
: Now the pressure is on..
Passover is ova!
Bring on the bread.
Also read Embassytown, China Mieville's new science fiction book.
There is quite a bit about alien language and communication in the story.
welcome to something other then facebookAboutThatTime:
Outside the usual fare: Naked by Mike Leigh, Pinter, Night School, Stoppard's Utopia  role of Belinsky
Very much appreciated
Woke up feeling gud so I know its going to b a gud as day
Become a fan of old sKool tees on facebook and you'll see our first designs!
Should Whoopi Goldberg play on the documentary?
All signs point to yes.
appreciate the retweet!
Thanks so much:
Thanks for staying with us this past weekend
yeah i will show you at lunch .
she better be glad im not aloud touching her because her ass would be on the ground
I always tell college students to think twice about the pics you put up on FB/twitter because unfortunately it is forever.
hey sorry to bother u now, but can u follow ?
It's me, this account is acting weird.
Finally graduated from college.
Making good money n got twitter back.
Life is good right now.
God is good.
Leonard sees Penny on a date with another man.
Find out how he reacts to this by tuning in at 9PM tonight for a episode of Big Bang Theory!
Half way to Miami....whoa!!!!
RT : we ob our way tminus 20 minutes Roger that
What a smart play by Jennings.
Goes for the 3 point play instead of just the fast break layup.
Do or do not.
There is no try.
Have anything planned for the weekend?
Happy Friday!
Had to get a new account this sucks follow me
Pulling the lapels only to expose the elbows.
Happy 4th.
Bump one of the playlists on the site when your BBQin or hanging out today!
I'm tweeting more hockey than basketball :o
Vic Wooten never ceases to amaze
Ahaha Of Course!!!
;
MyGal is going to the bikeparadepigh are you
Every girl deserves a guy that can make her forget her heart was ever broken.
Next up: Seth Shostak's CONFESSIONS OF AN ALIEN HUNTER.
I met Seth at the Conference on World Affairs in Boulder.
If you don't like change you're going to like irrelevance even less US Army Gen Shinseki via
These days are going by too fast.
Take count when the dust settles and the party's over!
Solid peeps ...
Keep them close!
lol keep your head high pimpin 
PvP is gonna be my big thing.
I love it.
I'm literally shaking I'm so shitty.
I'm literally going to go crazy when I go to class tomorrow.
I am BEYOND pissed off.
RT : Not everyone is going to like you in life but that in no way should diminish your selfworth!
You keep on loving you : 
RT : Often it's not your values that are at fault, but your priorities.
Think about it!
Six years
Opportunities can be manufactured.
You don't have to wait for circumstances to come together.
Party Monsters, number4 Let's get Higher, and the best track on the CD is RitcherAt it again.
If it ain't KINGSHYT then it don't MEAN SHIT..gotta make ya money if you want DIAMONDS to BLING BITC screen protector ipad
or t stark: i'm a huge fan of the way u lose control and turn into an enormous green rage machine
thank you!
Glad i could help!
:D
Sounds like a GREAT Plan.
thsnkd for following back :
this women is 16 days past her due date and doenst want to get the baby out omg whats going on with ppl i would be like get this baby out!!!
your hot
Time is just something to fuck with us!
listening to call me maybe because my best friend loves this song
looking for music.
Ck us out.
A year from now you will wish you had started today.
My book has the term antielectron in it.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that a proton?
: thanks for the reminder!
Mom was so sick that I figured anything would help!!
: Today, she is back to herself again.
YAY!!
Why are you WALKING??
You should be being carried by 4 men in a wicker chair on poles, with a 5th man cooling you off w/Leaf
I'm so excited bout tomorrow!!!!:p
I love a wine that's really good at first and gets great the longer it's open.
Get over yourself.
New followers !
If anyone is looking for beats check out the soundcloud or itunes !!
We got that hot shiit.
Anarchist who is helping organize Occupy Portland protest questions whether organizing goes against his anarchist beliefs.
Will have to sample some of these..
Hey jerks I work for, if you can't attend a meeting at a certain time, stop accepting my meeting invitations!
Thanks for the follow We like your blog!
Stop playing with my mind
be faithful to your purpose
I always make the mistake of telling fb friends what their professorssor meant instead of just letting them unfairly bash them like they intend.
hahahahahahha that's hilarious, I was going to open it but I was scared of that hahah.
Congratulations Ernie Bello!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
Goodnight, moon
Laptops are needed for our occupier organizers.
Please call 2026882444 if you have an old laptop to donate.
Thank you!
trouble with her mom, and Claire...
Well, Kuhlaire has gone back to the way she was preTPC.
I open up a new window and start doctorfting an

a beacon.
Will MCR Be At The Grammys?
Important Learning.If you get a spam direct message never respond.
That is the bugs means of using you to send other direct messages.
Ugh.
: Great news!
A planet with liquid oceans was discovered.
Only 22 light years away.
Sad that this is actually exciting to me.
Watching Teen Mom 2!
thanks for your quick responses!
I really enjoy writing in chalk on the blackboard
Finished off with a good 'ol cannoli!
Love strong
terribly disturbing either way...
even if no one is listening, he's still being given a platform.
somebody must be buying this...
your just the cutest!
I have a feeling this is going to be a great summer.
Fuck school.
Live now.
Pay later.
Fla.
Sen.
Rubio: This is the richest...economy in the history of the world yet we have a govt not even we can afford
lol man the Wade that has been playing recently I don't know who he is
That moment when you get a text and it's not from who you want it to be from :/
New York accents make all words 10 percent more aggressive.
Sweet thank you dumb iPhone for making me a hour late for work!!
:
Hi Etta!
Thnks for RT.
I was sad to miss My Dad has been ill so stayed close to home.
I'll send you email update!
21CRadio tweet chat starts in 10 min!
Join us for a chance to win tix!

Quick songwriting tip: Think success, doctoram of being the best writer ever, don't think small, you may just be another Craig Wiseman 
thanks for following!
I'm familiar with Shepherd's Field via an adoptive family.
We're working on a SN adoption from Russia.
I was there last Friday and had the larb.
What did you have??
I feel like somebody threw a rock at my head.
Tomorrow My Dumb Stepdad Told Me To get Off The Computer Alright Byee
I'm up working.
At Zach Colliers concert!
Happy Gilmore accomplished that task no more than an hour ago.
I didn't see the Number 1 Girl tour dates on Jacobs website tho
nigga don't you got prom today ?
Congrats!
RT : Congratulations are in order for , who just got elected to the MLA Delegate Assembly
It's all about the timing of that nap...too late and we're in trouble for the evening.....no nap and we've got grumpy bears!
Your deserve my money, everything in my wallet girl ;
Anyone else watching the NFLdoctorft?
Chicago Bears on the clock for pick 220.
all most game time
Fred Cummings just saw Lyric Opera's amazing cap to a stunning season, See his review of Hercules in tomorrow's Snippets by Clef Notes!
Holy Jeebuss!
I'm sickened .
.
.
But not shocked.
Nope he wasn't my bad...
Still the rule needs revision.
aww!
you're so sweet!
thank you!
that means alot!
It just gives me good feelings that we are breaking all these records that were originally held in 93.
RT Her favorite song will say more about her than her mouth ever will.
We're gonna ppaint the city.
I can't find your phone  I got a new phone last week and it must have not been saved in my Google contacts!
DM me plz
Popeye's, unless KFC brings back the Chicken Little and then all bets are off.
;
In another numerical coincidence, tweet 1969  a reminder of a year of significance to me  was my only tweet so far containing babytalk.
I hate the :S face so much smd.
I prefer it with a lower case
liked your blog about teaching kids entrepreneurship ...curious about to how to practically teach it.
Follow up post on the HOW?
Just finished my last final of my last class of my last year of college.
Now what?
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: small black boy singing Florence and the Machine, a new copy of Ayn Rand's Fountainhead, the willys.
He's sorry he wrecked his motorcycle and got caught.
New hair and head shots on the way!
: Worry not.
This is a Trojan Horse in reverse.
The GOP are in for a surprise over this can of snakes.
teleport to me
perry jones is straight balling now sicem time for a tourny run
Neighbor said he's not against harvesting a problem deer in his yard.
Think I'm going to substite harvest into my every day language.
meh, I'm old now...I'm a has been.
lol
Article definitely seems to simply those two issues.
Its easy to moralize sex workers and assume that all are doctorg addicts.
I loved Julie and Julia!
RT : I'm getting A.D.D.
from so many quick tweets!
Nobody can take this feeling away from me.
Complete bliss fills me as I surrender unto sleep.
I am happy,
Cold in here
They are 8 and its some really good bands!
Major League, Follow Your Hero, State Champs, Giants At Large!
Great surprise today, a copy of saving the world at work from Tim Sanders www.savingtheworld.net
Dude just called me in a tree, 3 stories up!
Very hot!
This is red wine weather, and I only have fancy bottles in the house.
I think a wine delivery service needs to be invented in my area.
hey data jockeys.
anyone seen good commentary from scientists about RWA?
they seem to be missing from the conversation...
aw thats awesome!
Follow me that's right.....you never know where i may lead you lol
I can't wait to see you either :
Up and ready to cook.
Making chicken wings and meatballs for the JAMM tonight.
Elbow Room, Monday: Indianapolis  Free pool after 6 p.m.
in the upstairs bar.
Your offseason kickball league doesn't start until next week, Philly.
Looks like y'all are gonna be good this year, though!
thinking of visiting tonight around 730 for my gf's first time.
Any special deals you want to share or any suggestions?
Thanks for sharing my Midwest print.
I noticed I had a pricing issue which is now fixed.
...and just so you know, I asked for the last weekend of May off.
Might be a good idea for a Full fledged hang out...
I have no idea.
Haha.
I'm hoping Brendan's mom will be home.
Thank you for all the loves and likes!
eating oreos' like a fatass x
Ugh the only way I'm going to make this deadline is if I start writing about Game of Thrones instead.
I so dont use this account lol
GENE!
You're support the Rockets!
Smh!
how is that mean??
BecauseOfChrisBrown We all a whole bunch off fair skin dudes, with light blonde hair, Cat Daddying in Skinny Jeans
Menual and Carlisle.
It's all I can think about the whole time I'm there.
Coney.
Coney.
Coney.
I am literally SWAMPED today.
It's 5:30pm.
Just looked up.
And I'm still not done yet.
Gotta love Mondays.
Two men dead after VW Golf crashes on A442  BBC News
Mad as hell.
Fantasy basketball is love...
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Tyler ODonnell Rising 7th Meridian, ID Travel Team: Idaho Elite Power Forward 60
I'm sorry..
Please call me.

we are in whole foods, urban fare, kapers and more!!
let me know if this helps!
Rob Gronkowski is only guilty of being young.
Told by s father of a girl who was at the party that several girls ripped his shirt off.
Nevermind, not football but I was right on the team!
Yay for me!
watched the boy in striped pajamas last night, it was sad!!
anyways going to the parade :D
Thunder woke me up!
Very LOUD!!
I put the car in the garage just in case.
Just saying.
Obama has not reversed his commitments in any way.
He stands for what he ran on.
He cannot run congress.
That was eerie, just received a birthday card from my recently deceased nan...
up up up up up
RT if you're proud of Austin and is glad that he's living his doctoram 3
Discovered an untouched bottle of very good bourbon in my liquor cabinet.
Discovered a new motivation to meet this deadline.
who won the Massive Monkees competition?
me too.!
I hope they make one.!
Really tough one to answerdepends upon the products.
why are u moving?
Paging Ty Lawson, you are needed at the Staples Center today for a somewhat important basketball game.
other Tom waves back; missed the discussion, will look through later and comment.
At least class I'm in is fun :
Vidal Sassoon is dead!
juss crossed over the Virgina border.
I want some Mac and cheese ...homemade!
His blog is enough for me.
I can't imagine what his book would say.
Or that I would ever pay...
Braves game.
I was TeamFollowBack until I reached a follow back limit of 2,000 but only have 900 followers.
WhatsUpWithThat?
thats the spirit
We were so sorry we had to cancel on you!
Eternity's most experienced...
celibate bachelor ladies and gentleman
IUPUI University Library close early at noon on Friday, Feb.
3 and will reopen at noon on Monday, Feb.
6.
superbowl hours
My head is saying, fool, forget her but my heart is saying, dont let go...
Think we need to start planning for formal:
What is happening in Sacramento?
FF i have 12 followers to go until 4,000.
that's a pretty cool number if i do say so myself.
so am i.
saying it that is.
Waiting at Supermex for a table.
This place has great tacos and burritos.
please be nice
Redemption.
Even though I have only seen the preview, I love it ; can't wait for 2069!
say no more Hit u soon with more info...
Stay Blessed....
maybe you should admit you were wrong about the.
Tea party being racist...its tired.
...truly
Feeling bloated?
Eat more fruits  veggies.
It helps to flush excess h20
I love My Wife and Kids.
Even though I have seen every episode, I laugh every single time.
Or cynicism.
You can't make fun of anything these days.
Life is too serious...step back, take a breath, laugh...and carry on.
Debbie Adler, of Sweet Debbie's Organic Cupcakes, speaks at Food Allergy  Anaphylaxis Network meeting in Westlake Village, May 2  7 p.m.
wow they came all the way here from staten island thts dedication
What is up with all of our pitchers getting nailed with line doctorves?
tedxuchicago Is ultimately asking for a prime directive for relief/aid...
You have Not trained him well.
Family Owned by the Forcier Family for over 20 years!
This month only get ALL of 2012 for just 25
teamfollowback You follow us and we'll return the favor.
If you wanna be my friend tweet me
: Cheerleading accounts for 65 of women's sports injuries.
The 2nd leading cause is Skeet shooting
please tell me im dieing to know will their be a mafia 3
Josh Koschek is a faker and a fuck!
.
I'm not wanting anything re: Notre Dame.
I'm just trying to educate people about how to conduct proper mediabased jujitsu
Madonna almost TEBOWED at half time during the performing of Like a prayer, and almost fell of the bleachers.
So r u going to come tonite to check out 's summer chaps?
;
When your like damn this person hasn't txt me back in a while, then you look at the messages and you never sent it!
Lmao
I'm definitely gunna miss u 2011 so much!!
Hello 2012!!
:
Having coffee with The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
She seems angry...
man....
i wish i could follow you guys D:
I was unfamiliar with this bit of history myself!
Thanks for makin' it a hot experience.
RT : : thx guys
Mi Life I Love you
HowToGetRejected Say I Live In My Mother's Basement
what's good lamont metcalf my name is redell doctorkeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions  management inc.chicago
Dont miss Dancing at Lughnasa in the Troutt Theater at 7:30pm today!
Have those tickets yet?
Nashvillefringe.eventbrite.com
Psshh.
I'll take one now :
maybe i'll go to that damn MetGala too tonight...
Damn u cook!!
I fear the loss of our defensemen shall be too much to overcome.
Bummer.
Discovered cold fusion; eradicated ColdFusion.
Fasho my nigg, let's get it
Is Code Red still selling Rituals?
I can't find it anywhere...
Smooth skin 
Clam bake  hotbox in Michigan hahahahahahahahahaha cc:
Brewers to immortalize Uecker with statue Broadcaster will be fourth member on Crew's Mount Rushmore by
so I went to text you and I lost your number...
AGAIN!!!
So text me we need to hang out soon :
We're fated to pretend...to pretend.
Dancing around in my room to 90's pop music.
Stace, aka John Wesley Harding, is a fascinating, talented man.
Do you know his music?
Congrats to all the grads out there!!
We're so proud of you!
Wrist  Neck  2 condos.
CahinOut
My pleasure, Jessica.
Thanks for the news to share.
Lol RT : A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.
WE Farmers Market underway at Wren's Nest.
Small but delicious!
Patchwork greens, Mutana coffee, Tassilli kale salad, Helene hibiscus tea.
I hate you both
Just spent some quality time on the new web site  pretty cool!
Why do kids keep tweeting when I was little?.....
If u can't wipe your own ass without your moms help....
You're still little
It's moments like these that make following football on Twitter so great....
RIP Davy Jones.
Oh, boy.
I loved you so....
an 16th girl pregnant because she was raped: How pity : .
an 16th girl pregnant because of her bf: SLUTTY BITCH!
I'll do some more wouldyou tomorrow...
Goodnight tweeters
The new show is so good!
Congrats!
:
The branch will be closed during spring break.
However, a representative will be onsite anwering phones and emails.
That's the PK unit we saw during the season!
Keep it up boys!
Anyone from Milwaukee going to BlogHer11?
I'm a lazy texter.
Unless you're cute, or I like you.
Ugh crappy.
To all those mamas and all them future mamas to be.....
Follow Back ?!
Please we love you, 3
I really hope it doesnt rain 'till i get home 'cause I don't know how to turn my windshield wipers on.
Good morning!
The pho ga from Saigon Bay on Fowler never disappoints.
M thai basil.
Cranberry and Orange Granola Recipe from Bon Apptit
If Rihanna wasn't alive 93 of the songs on the radio would be different.
Thanks Dee!
You are this is my 1st Tweet ever.
A Veryy Happy Thankgiving to you and the Fam!
3
that's too mainstream, broskii
how is that new?
so I'm watching regular show..
and its the summertime lovin one xD
The system is messed up!
Do it!
of course.
Ur hot
Big dump of numbers...
Romeny climbs back in it..
Santorum's lead less than 200 votes..
47 reporting.
Rangers / Tigers is gonna be one fuck of a series.
why is the church not stepping in to replace the horrible advertisers that defected from Rush???
Awesome!
Happy anniversary.
Just saw this  I was on a roadtrip for a shoot  thanks for posting.
You heading back for the holidays?
what you mean that's where they goin' have his press conference.
I've met my match.
This has never happened before.
RT : Q4 What are you doing to prepare the people in your organization for change?
Chandoctor :: Resources :: Podcasts :: Transcript :: Listening to Light
no just give it to them haha
Let's go to Little T's!
Ultimately, you're only a leader if somebody's willing to follow you.Alan Trefler, founder and CEO of Pegasystems
Back in Manhattan for a few days.
Last 6 wk parenting call today.
Gearing up for 2 FRRE LAVE TALKS Wed Woodoctordge NJ.
Interviewing 3 families
Lost the link...
Thanks to presentation last night at Madison Java User Group.
Hybrid mobile apps using: JBOSS, mobileQuery, Cordova  OpenShift
Planning stages now, am thinking pan fried, black bean sauce, tamal de huitlacoche, chile de arbol espuma
the vast majority of everyone i've talked to over age 30 prefers keyboard seems like they cd find a market.
Tonight is the start of the NBA season.
Who ya got, Celtics or Heat?
Who will be the best Fantasy Basketball player tonight?
Sweetheart, stop throwing yourself at every man I'm the room, it's super obvious and obviously none of them want anything to do with you...
Glad to hear it !
Send an email with your interest to .
We'll be contacting people soon!
yea i agree but jack morris shoulda got in.
He was good for so many years.
There are some peeps who dont deserve too be on
Hope you had a blast at the party!
Sorry to have missed the bash  missed seeing you!
XtremePower Inground Above Ground Swimming Pool Cleaner vacuums for pools
first day of snow, reminds me of the first day i made it rain
Friends are the most important ingredient in this recipe of life.
Just listening to jackson5, wow.
Today's boybands sbould just hang it up.
English teacher has a horse fetish.
Home sale prices in the U.S.
are expected to fall a further 2.4 percent in the second half of 2011
stank booty girl!
hmm.
where r u now?
According to my Polish friend, American football should be referred to as handegg.
not really...
I want to figure out my plan today, prob will do an expanded version of Hal Higdon's training plan!
downloaded 's new Christmas album today!
Somewhere, a smart Lasik surgeon has an office full of brochures that are all slightly out of focus.
everyone that has recently followed me, i'll follow you back asap.
i'm on my phone and its hard.
;
Needs to be RT : The 2012 Playmate of the Year will be announced at a luncheon at the Playboy Mansion tomorrow.
no clue I haven't heard from anyone.
I will send out an email.

The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.
noo dont go to bed yet
So much rain WOW thanks weather man for screwing up my weekend it's hot and sunny here
I'm falling in love with the acoustic versions !
Single, at prom, still had a great time!
Now to after prom to have an even better time!!!
I'll look for the nerd inthe corner
Pretty solid birthday so far
Scott boras, will you be my life agent...
It is later than you think.
sundial inscription
If I didn't have a test at 2:30 I would just go sit in my car all day with the windows down.
Needs sleep and a shower with w :
Just got to the studio...finally stopped raining
Want to read Two With Water?
Find us in print and We'll also be March 13!
etextbooks is an area I should learn more about.
we're prepping an ebook webinar and it's 1 session topic
Thanks to everyone for your birthday wishes.
One of the best weekends of my life.
Family, friends, home, sports and my wonderful wife!!!
RT : lol idk bout that.
But it's good to be back on air fam.
!
Rain, ice or snow?
Doesn't matter what comes down tonight, we're open for all classes at both locations to get your OM on...
Flip.
Sick.
Your message made me smile this morning.
Thanks!
:
Super Bowl Halftime today will be 31 minutes long...find something to do, or change outfits
Me: I've done absolutely nothing today.
Dad: Well you napped...and then ate food...
Thanks
did it 40 times already!
Im about to go find a payphone!
it's another copy of my book.
Hello Liam.
I'm Elizabeth.
The New Normal blog  The beginnings, what is the NewNormal and, later, what you can do to survive as a business owner....
Congrats BenjaminN.Cardoza Seniors!!
Are you still looking for money to pay for school?
It's not too late to set up your fundoctorising page.
yeah, and on text.
we cobbled this one together with transmedia
Girl Scout cookies are deliciously evil.
Awesome French Toast muffins Grandparentsday bfast nicely done
Good luck to .
Make EDM proud!
hahahah, shut up!
NO.
But  I get the hair.
Now THAT'S the Beckett I know and love!
Go SOX!
marketers should think of themselves like software, not hardware.
be open to continuous upgrades
The back of my DSLR is a bit larger then a smart phone screen.
Well then why is it not a touch screen with processors  wifi with Andoctorid?
Oops, tweeted too soon.
5 guys total.
RT : Orioles C Taylor Teagarden and 3B Mark Reynolds also having lower back stiffness.
Now i am being eaten alive by a mosquito!
or plural...more than one!
lol
If your reading this go follow
cool.
i hope it goes well.
Bring Back Ringer 5
You more a fan of: 1 'White Stripes', 2 Charlie Rose / Art of the Interview, 3 Analysis of Myriad Creative Inspirations?
:
We are!
And spaghetti squash can never truly replace ravioli.
It's great to be a Michigan Wolverine!
And my theory panned out.
Makes me happy when that happens.
I didn't get that screen.
I'm hoping it just straightens itself out.
Keep me posted if you don't mind.
agree, maybe a cpyrt lawyer would hlp.
who is also a humanist.
I really enjoy this Bubba Watson dude.
Prob gonna bubble but could still conceivably win 116k...
31k at bb2400 3 off the money
you guys look hot :
Gonna chill with my family:
1 class down, 3 to go!
Rather impressed with the ease of use of a TWIT sponsor.
Oh, you can dougie?
I'm super impressed.
's the only reason why I watch Jersey Shore!
: We're getting closer  Just 12 hours until Midnight Madness and the release of Justice League 1.
52midnight
i just want her to quit talking about taylor so he can get on with his life!
thanks for the follow man, anyone from my hometown is a friend of mine.
Man..
They promised us the weekend off.
All three days.
Now they are saying we have to work saturday..
Suck!!!!
Columbus would be lovely if she went 45, but Columbus is so close to Tupelo, that would make no sense.
it is good shit my dude, keep doing your thing homie!
Well, I suppose if I wanted to reduce my coffee intake I could just keep making this doctoradful flavored crap.
But I don't.
it was good.
Kman demanded pancakes this morning
Working on booking some secret talent for We Are The Federation you guys won't want to miss this, the official announcement coming 6.1.11
5 years ago at this very minute I married the most amazing woman.
Thank you Manda for five wonderful years and I look forward to many more.
did mine yesterday!
Ah feels great esp.
right before  after finals lol
Challenge to designers: create a new design feature/technique that is accessible.
Ripped jeans skin was showin, hot night wind was blowin, where you think you goin baby?
Not directly focused on homeless but related areas.
Def will be in touch.
Are you get a new P.O.
Box so we can send you things when you move to Miami?
If so please tweet us it!
Thanks and good luck!3
Come on in and get your gyro!
We're open till 3 AM!
Nothing better than a gyro after a long nite of doctornking!!!
hang in there, it can only get better.
GO FOLLOW !
HER BIRTHDAY IS FRIDAY!
;D
You ever just sit in the dark late night and think about your life and everything you would do diff if you could go back and change things
naaa man don't worry about it.
Maybe wednesday night then if that works.
All we do is  and 
Strange day.
This is a nobrainer.
The people of Wisconsin have led the fight against the radicals Judith Bosworth, Anacortes, WA
our generation and the next generations to come are going to need some serious salary increases to obtain education
Yes, it was THX!
whatever u say, ask him yourself and tell him not to lie to

What were you thinking, giving this ahole a show?
With so many more talented  likable alternatives?
So disappointed!
You do not have to change for God to love you.
Be grateful for your sins.
They are carriers of grace.
Anthony de Mello
As a businessman, I am surprised that you have not been able to understand how gas prices are set!

you looked SO good!!
That was divine.
not over you, lovebug, over being photographed when I'm EATING MAH COOKIESNACKS.
xo
Watch the Do Something Awards at 9 tonight to see if you can spot and me!
Were seated with the families!
Yes, It depends on the photo.
If you email me the photo, I can take a look
If there's something you don't like about someone, don't expect them to change it for YOU.
but MIcheal has been longer in singing hhhhmmmm
NASCAR, downhill skiing, gymnastics, cheerleading, most any winter game, fencing, why stop at one?
R.I.P.
RICK RICK AND FELLA 3
My first actor's workshop tonight.
I'm so excited and appreciate for all her help.
In a show I like to open my set with all my clean stuff first which usually entails saying,Hi guys!
My name is Eric thanks for having me!
Tiffany, stop cyber bullying specialneeds parents  professorssionals via Twitter and blogs.
Hi everyone!
Hope the weather in Portland is lovely
Good luck with the event!
I'm off work.
What is everybody doing?
Quit hating on my makeup Beto.
I tried :
They make me so happy I love them so much
Enjoying the graphic novel Kimmie66 by Aaron Alexovich for thankfullyreading and
Blah, I really need to shower, but that involves getting off the couch.
that would be interesting doctorke and Yeezy
awesome!
Don't forget to invite some friends :
What song/songs would you like to hear an acoustic version of??
at school..yay twitters not blocked!
Governor what do you think of LAUSD hiring Social Media Director but sending 11000 pink slips to teachers?
May 1st...
wow only for days till Cinqo De Mayo
Don't forget to nominate your company for a free breakfast!
Tweet at and use hashtag Adminprofessoreek by 4/16.
First 5 will win!
Dey doctorg my name through the mud and i just dont understand, i hope somewhere in GODs plan he make me a forgiving MAN!
YGeeDot
Forget wind farms anyway.
We've got Rick Santorum
An athletes will determines their skill.
Deep desire, coupled w/ unbreakable sense of inner will  determination, is unbeatable combination
Today is your last chance to catch 's Halloween and the instant classic on the big screen!
I'm also a sucker for Asian women.
Shrugs China town is a must this summer lol
I'd work in bp.
And best buy might still be happening.
I don't know haha
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death Albert Einstein
Saturday's tabling will be equipped with WiFi, y'know, if the tactile gets boring.
Come to the info table on Sat for login info.
You just made my week.
Thank you.
love me for ME.
The whole stickK team is supporting you!
Remember, duplicate content is not a penalty.
AMEN!!!
What a narcissistic sociopath
What is Milwaukee's position on city foreclosed properties?
Is there opposition to making them available to responsible investors?
Give me somethin' that'll haunt me when you're not around, cause I see, sparks fly, whenever you smile
in this world you can't respect nobody who dont respect you str8up
They have awesome coffee!
Unfollow this page and follow.
My new page
will be killing it tonight Hit me up for bottle service  guest list.
Got my dancing shoes shined!
How bout u?
I'll shimmy shimmy wut wut just for you!
;
Soul food Sunday's Meat loaf, greens ,mac  cheese and cornbread.....get it here!!!
The saying goes, Let your conscience be your guide.
Bad conscience  terrible behavior towards life and the living.
Promise you won't be disappointed, follow
Heat.
No doubt.
I didn't tweet that shit bitch.
Quit making up shit and get a fuckin life.
Ha.
Keep trying!
what are the odds I get response from coach B about offering Evans and Hines....lol
Ellen Degenerous I think
I didn't think Apple could top my dislike for the call me rock god kid, but they did
so true 333
This is just a black hole where I dump things into in hopes that I never see them again.
Woke up with my earphones wrapped round my neck...how did I not manage to strangle myself?
IF ONE PERSON YELLS AT ME, IM GONNA SNAPP.
I swear.....
Whoever said relationships must be 50/50 is a LIAR!
Relationships are 100/100!
Each person must give 100!
Last I checked 50 is an F
This is exactly why I stopped using Spotify.
The ad volume level was always off, deafening me and/or coworkers
Tough loss vs.
Cedar Cliff  Prep gets just 1 hit in 51 loss.
Will Flood pitched 4 inns, 0 earned runs, 0 BB, 60 strikes.
my class wanted to know what's wrong with you mentally lol when I showed them our pictures
I just finished a 4.02 mi run with a time of 41:05 with Nike GPS.
'The Lion King' Dethrones 'Phantom' Nearly 15 years after it made its debut to both critical and popular acclaim, The Lion King has top
There's no 1 button on that article!
What am I supposed to do with it?!
Please join me in raising your glasses to Al Davis.
Just win, baby.
Thank you.
Able to get comment in.
Interesting conversation.Thanks!
, popup ad in way of commenting.
Terrific weekend!
My sister got married.
Family gatherings.
Now off to New York for Tuesday's appearance on Regis  Kelly.
what is that?
lmao
creys LET'S JUST FOCUS ON THE FACT THAT MY IUE IS DONE.
RT : Today on Yom Ha'atzmaut, cheers to Israel and all who care deeply for it.
Happy 64th year of independence!
uhh ya i most deff was.
They squeaked it out!!
LakeShow.
On 2 the series I wanted all along.
KD/KB.
Durantula vs Bean.
Who eats  who gets eaten?
Ooh, baby, I be stuck to you like glue, baby
are you going to ?
thought of u when saw: The Beauty of Social Networking for Your Business
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Amanda Bynes Arrested for DUI!
I sorta think this is a right of passage and good publicity, assuming she doesn't Lohandle it badly.
MT : is our community leader this week!
They fundoctorised to support our work.
Thanks for leading the way!
I'm going rogue and adding a 30th and 31st onto February.
March must wait.
that's hot
Speak up!
AFC is crafting a new strategic plan for the next three years  and we need your input.
Please complete this online survey....
It's because I recommended you for a new graphic novel, wasn't it?
Your ears were burning, right?
weed is bad mm
hello, can you DM us more info?
Which adapter?
What OS and what doctorver version?
Thanks!
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.'
thank you!
hahahahahahaha Dick Cheney!
I'm going to snack you right in the moewth
Yikes!
to paying all.
Last 2 out of 3 days have included Wakeboarding This summer is gonna be sweet.
I read your blog and emails and they have been really helpful for me and my boyfriend
So who has used the Bonavita brewer?
Thoughts?
Enjoyed sleeping in this morning!
I would love to see a cam focused on Cena during this.
looking great!!
Dominate that interview girl!!!
:
Meeting Time...Tweet Ya' Later...!
a hit man lol sounds so shady!!
like wow
DJ Khaled Talks Lil Wayne's 'Welcome To My Hood' Verse
Back in the van and on our way to Columbus, OH, for tonight's show Pumped for a great Friday night!
Come on out, Cbus!
hahaha my freind and I made nicknames for each other.
She's Toast and I'm Jam :D lol this reminded me of it
Are you ready for a heat wave?
Come on down to the San Antonio Event Center Saturday  Sunday!
Cars,bands, and tattoos!
Stay tuned, discount newsletter coming soon!!!
Cool thoughts behind SocialMachine  thumbs up for connecting digital  social  where you are and those around you
An DnB is the best music to run to!!!
That is all....
love your professorle pic on Facebook!
So proud to see my ad up!
CREATE is going to be killer!
cc:
morningjoe You miss the point on the recall, it is more than just unions.
This wasn't just about 'math'.
You will see, you will see.
Cartoon network shows are so weird  awkwardest cartoons of life....
I wonder how many guy followers I have that are Virgins ???
Probably just the one that's Suspect ctfu
hope he feels better!
Give him a kiss in the forehead and tell him everything is gonna be fine for me lol
'Since the economy tanked, you can't get an ad off the air because they need the money' Cleta Mitchell about U.S TVstations via
Yea yea yea Lost By 29 But Got 29,00000 more wins than the Heat Ever will call it
GOP pres debates are about the worst reality TV there is.
email us at we are looking for funders and filling spaces in our team am sure there are many ways to help
CORRECTION !
BFFX2 !!
But We Are Lol .
Always glad to help!
Give me a shout when the demo comes out and I'd appreciate if you would check out !
Thanks!
Ok ok the rumors are true!
herworld.
Loved having you here.
Great event, great message.
You all rock!
working on the new layout for our website!
The perfume of the whole experience...
ballerina Alexandoctor Danilova
The best way to get a man to do something is to suggest they are too old for it.
The only time you wanna nut is when you google my ass ;
Stu prefers pingpong these days.Not sure bout ,think he prefers
can you email those to me?
I'm sure I have them but my tranzformer folder is a mess haha
uggh love the way u think
Hey New York state  catch our Sessions on WCNY PBS this Wed at 11:30 p.m.
When I got on the road this morning I had to remind myself to doctorve on the right.
doctornk time with 
computer tip: place your computer screen 2026 inches away from your face and slightly below eye level to avoid eye fatigue.
sorry you can't handle my fangirling.
lolololol.
I'm done, don't worry :
What SNL couldn't find someone to play Ron Paul?
Still funny though thiscampaignwasthetimeofmylife O wait, I work for Mitt!
CampaignOn !
come to the burgh for your birthday!
I'll treat you around the city!
AND you get to meet a real life
I'm returning to DC in a few days.
Having mixed feelings about family and distance.
And 80 degree weather vs.
40 degree weather.
nothing like sonic to get the bladder working
Man these new impalas have horrible blind spots 
I meant
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
Saint Ambrose
AB  Horizon
Looking for VC or someone willing to take a chance on a small startup.
If you are int or know someone interested i would be hapy to talk
have you heard if anyone else has gotten their fun Canopy stuff?
RE: doctorad: I hear you!
I swear, I must have been a dog in a previous life because I really enjoy going on long doctorves.
I parked behind an audi tt and a bentley has just gone behind me hope I can get out of this spot later.
Brittany: Aw!
She looks pretty in her yellow doctorss!: Bethany: It won't be yellow for long...
God Ben Barnes is so beautiful I don't know what to do with myself
Happy birthday !!
Funniest Phish fan on twitter.
Hopefully I'll see you at Alpine, San Fran and Dick's
MMAF2011 success in mobile requires a smarter distribution of wealth
B1G TEN Championship Showdown Tomorrow!
Join us at 3:30pm to watch MSU beat OSU!!!
100 agree RT : Great experience tonight with , and many other engaged residents!
Great ballet class today!
If you missed this one, Join us for the next one next monday at 5:456:45!!
Don't follow your doctorams; chase them.
Richard Dumb doctorams inspiration lawof attraction
As always, gross.
Grab a wet wipe or something.
Austin deserves a hug before you leave it a sad, lonely mess.
HOLIDAY DAY SHOW PHOTOS START TODAY!!!
Don't forget your costume, tights, shoes, makeup, bobby pins, etc!!
YOUR A STAR TODAY KIDDOS!!
Heading over to Pinterest for a good makeup dinner recipe.
I might even make a light dessert.
Why are tumblr girls so perfect??
Really short stack, having a real tough time today
Playing Anna Sun right now!
RT Just heard on on my way to work.
Great job guys!
Ah my friend mentioned that.
Of course you know I'm ready to train you.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
William Arthur Ward
Need some new people to follow.....getting bored.
Is March 2011 correct?
best scale ever!
PIZZA WAVE
My bracket is beating 3.2 percent of America.
Wow.
being on the roadmaybe download the movie promise it will make u want to help!
Please check it out much
St.
Patrick's Day is my least favorite holiday.
It's just doctornk white people puking green.
20 OFF only for my Twitter Followers!
Code at Checkout: ATWIT20
RT Check it out: Kineo's February Newsletter is out and chock full o' elearning goodness
For this followfriday I'd like to highlight  executive director of the San Diego Green Building Council, and a great guy
wat yall know about that old school???

Bar Marmont.
Damn good.
isn't that what humans do best, sadly?
Thanks for the RT!
omg so hyper.
holy shit.
yo buy me ice coffees more often.
So ready for spring break.
How many weeks?
No wait...don't tell me.
I'll just pretend it's right around the corner.
Why is it so hard to find an artist to do a cover when there are so many starving artists
Did you know that the first American to brew a lager was John Wagner, in 1840?
There's a beer with some history.
ur awsome and so if fremiens and shake it up sorry if my spelling is not right ur awsome
So nice having a livein massage therapist.
How did I ever live without one?
Beginning of painting class  clean hands.
End of painting class  looks like I slaughtered and buried a few animals.
My boys are on FIRE tonight.
This!
RT : I'd love to see Darren Sproles go grocery shopping.
I bet he gets it all done in less than 3 minutes.
The world can always use more pictures of puppies...and rhubarb :
Toliet paper rolls look like oversized marshmellows with a ginormous hole in the middle
SWEET!
Of course I remember you!
Send me a link, I'd love to read your reviews.
I had a doctoram that I lived on old London with this British girl I go to school with.
What a dandy doctoram.
thank you!
One can only assume, right?
oh yeah I forgot
Sour nights
thanks!
We hope you'll join us!
although that role sounds right for me.
You submitted me, right?
;
ok, I promise though about the skype
I wanna change mines to powder pink who did yours
Great time rehearsing scenes with some friends.
practice,
Thank you!
We are so excited!
Soon I'll be tweeting you from our official iSTEP account.
Stay tuned ;
Outstanding workshop and VO session today with at vo2gogo!
What a fabulous way to spend a Tuesday....or any day!
Criminal Minds..
thanks bud.
;o

bounce out w.Rambo im finna feed this n, 007 , 223 this n
Another question, people in SA!
Who's gonna go to KROV when I'm there to hang out with and ?
Everyone?Thought so
spicuzza asked about appropriateness of riot gear, objects to term: it's protective gear.
Today's Soups: Cream of Asparagus, Chicken Matzo Ball,  Chili
Got our SSL bugs ironed out today.
Now for the Geolocation coding and we're rolling!
Chest done.
Bi'sdone.
Apples to Apples is a gift from God.
Letting my fear  feelings of unworthiness have control of my relationships have resulted in pain and loss of amazing people..
I need a stunna baby, keep it A1
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit.
Bhagavadgita
How many games do you think have actually been won because Bochy played matchups?
Last Tuesday, I started my job at the saloon.
Today, I quit.
I had to man lol
Excited for the show on Friday.
I quite enjoy Pariah.
My latest followers
went to the screening of I Want My Name Back at Atl Film Festival.
Focus on hip hop icons Wonder Mike and Master Gee of Rappers Delight.
Campaigning for President should be like the reality show The Voice.
Who cares what they look like or how well they speak.
that is true...
Think with your heart in this matter know that its meant to be
Ha!
That's funny.
I didn't mean it like THAT!
It eventually did help though.
Happy Christmas!
RT : First 12 who follow for me gets a shoutout  followback from me i promise , HURRY !
Flora Mississippi Rising Stars follow Them
yeah go out just don't hurt her .
She don't deserve it :/
Most girls are idiots.
Preach, girl.
Yes, but the devil's work is delicious.
RT: Krispy Kreme doughnuts are the work of the devil.
Vick looked high in his interview
tk11 seems there is confusion about human learning process and technologies that enable extend enhance it
I'll check that link out when I'm back home.
Thanks.
I didn't know the Sodium industry was to big time that they could advertise on Kevin Na's sleeve.
thanks!
; have a nice weekend you too!
:D
cant wait til its fully good weather eur day i hate wearin all dis long shit
Word!!!
RT : You know me, all I can say is You're Right.
Back to being the real Mitchell Shelby
now following .....
Meet Atmosphere at Zia Records Right Now!
Free All Ages
Words unspoken by a movie fan since 1996.
I think I'm addicted to the bailey Flanigan series lol I can't stop reading!
I just wanna know the end so badly!
Floyd Mayweather, where you at tho?
Gotta Keep My Head Held High3
Cruisin' in the Reds opening day parade!
Give us a wave!!
Tweet a pic of the bus  mirrorman !!
truthis it takes A LOT to get me angry but watch out when you do..
Because I WILL be on my A game..
And I will do what it takes!
i miss when i went on twitter n people actually liked me.
now its like im nothing
I never got shook up by talks of Illuminati ..I'm from where niccaz talk that talk and walk around the streets carryin heat like
The Dowager Duchess of Denver comes to mind.
Where's the offense Yanks?
Damn boys, get it together, it's Bruce Chen!
Tony Bennett  I Left My Heart In San Francisco  06:20 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
When Tweets consist of so many cuss words and misspells that you can barely read what they say.
Ignorance is NOT bliss.
Learn more about the signs of child abuse and neglect so you can help proactively report it 1560 reasons
I want this kitten!
Adorable!
omgoodness!
Puppy!!!
And you look gorgeous doll as usual!
La la la, la la la la laa, la la la
I know!
I wonder the same things!!!
Just tested 16 foods by immunocap 6 weeks ago.
Should we do more or...
Pixelpunk: moveable type, gramophone, photo, film never happened  all media was always digital very pixelated.
meeting friends there for dinner.
We're all Cueva virgins.
Looking fwd to my first time.
Coach Rich good to see you back on the bench yesterday.
Tough loss in a tough place to play.
follow back?
Going to watch Hunger Games before midnight ;
We're glad to be your shelter, dear friend.
RT Hiding from the TStorm warning.
Lol!
: IdTradeRomoFor the salt in the bottom of a bag of pretzels
I hate to ask, but can you forward me the information you want me to talk about in your class tomorrow?
I lost the email!
RT : Go to for good sample videos TY for that!
Gr8 variety ;
Check us out Weds 4.4.12 with,Light Horse Dark Rider and The Great Depression.
21 9pm
nvm.
And i love chris corradino.
Amd mikey.
But not as much.
Hes all urs girl
when is the next time to listen for a chance to win the one direction contest?
The american people are smart enough to know Obama didn't have a damn thing to do with killing Osama.
lmao you would.
Look for our crews tomorrow in Oconomowoc Pewaukee Brookfield Mukwanago and Waukesha  doing some sealcoating, paving and grading.
Finally finished walkingdead season 2...wow what a great show!
My obsession is crazy..
I feel like a stalker trying everything 2 get this guy 2 notice me..
Any suggestions?
I'm open!!!
oh my god I think I just died a little
Just heard a great old German saying.
Cold hands, warm heart.
According to Fox News, NFL's Steve McNair's girlfriend killed him and then shot herself
Kinda just looks like someone's front yard.
Or SATX RT : You might be in the touristy part of old town Albuquerque if you keep hearing My Heart Will Go On on pan flute
Lmao RT : so, does it irritate u to hear nondjs like lindsay lohan  wayne being called djs  being paid for it?
We will be Out About on our route all day today !
County in the afternoon,City in the evening.
What area will you be in today
There's just something about Matt Cooke riding on a fire truck that's too funny haha go
Go pick up 3 FREE, brand new songs from my talented fiance at www.adampercy.com YOU'LL LOVE THEM!
Metro Boston to Send a Reader into Space
A BIKE COP?
I need to be home.
Top of the East.
Proud of the
Radical poetry must create the taste by which it is appreciated.
Coleridge
Getting over this flu stinks!
But at least I am catching up with my favorite indulgence, online episodes of Laguna Beach Seasons 1  2
Better fix that!
Glad you had a great trip.
Wish we were waiting to pick you up curbside and doctorve you back to Madison....maybe next time!
Just found another cutie!
imstartingtolikeschool yay for eye candies!
Motivation for studying: 2.
Motivation for eating: 28.
Motivation for Call of Duty: 70.
I take the moniker NerdKing as a compliment!
nw My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding
mustfollow NEW MUSIC VIDEO  NEW MOJO TV CLIP UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!!!
CHCHCHECK IT OUT!
HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
I don't care if I don't have power.
I doctorw the line at canned food.
Be flexible w NYpretzelmaking seminar on 3/17.
40 for pretzel techniques, beer, wine  snacks.
RSVP
Twitter doesn't give a fuck if you're single or taken.
That's why there is no official spot for your status...
Happy Leap Day!
Would anyone like to run the race with my dad?
He got 5th place last year.
Hope everyone has a great Christmas!
hahaha I wish
Thanks for the prominent listing on your site.
Much appreciated.
you should come back to sa and have a concert;
Don't think that just cuz you're inked or pierced, you're hot shit.
Hubris will turn into karma  bring you to the precipice of your demise.
HEADLINES MAKING NEWS: GA District Cleans House at Alpha Regional Conference in Columbia, SC
You can't get any higher than smoking weed on top of a mountain unless you're on a plane
Split Pea Soup come and get it!!!!!
20 for Gallons thats a deal at 5 per gallon!!!
9978011
oops!
did i just actually just say that?!
hahahaha my bad ;
Shocking at 95 and 495 in nova and traffic has been lightest ive ever seen!
woot!
Eileen Brady shared that her daughter is getting married to girlfriend this summer, supports equality
Seeing tonight!!!!!
: thanks for sharing brendan
Once you're attached, you're fucked.
that's good...
How have you been?
Ladies quit acting like flirting with someone other than you is illegal.
If it's not your man
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
in honor of the ragefest tonight, I would like to take moment to remember the 2003 show at the Orpheum.
Craziest crowd
is in NYC w/ Toom Silverman,,, and , the vibe is great!
Ribs.
That's what made Kansas City famous.
ha none taken.
Its getting really annoying now idk why ha
Congratulations !!!!!
You win!!!
What size shirt??
XL?
Ariana go online!
Haha I miss u!
Hope u have fun in FL: love u so much!
Xoxox
I wish there were some good concerts in Washington..
but no.
want to move back east of fairfax!
Ultimately, I just want to be loved.
NICOLE MILANO
My Mom was an Aries!
Whoa when she got mad,look out man,Twister in your face,never mine though:
I agree.
Write what you know within the context of something you don't know ; Or, write what you WANT to know
Goodnight Twitter I will be on tomorrow hope when I wake up Alex is following me and Justin bieber to and everyone I follow would follow me
thanks buddy...
feel better already.
Happy Birthday...
we're late but excited you were born.
May this be your best year yet.
Happy Birthday!
Lol nothing, I was a little confused : What are you up to though?
30 on my wrist cuz my bitch thinks its christmas
Same here
GE takes 1bn risk in bringing jobs home  Financial Times
Hope your Sunday is fun!
What're you doing to spend time with your kids?
Weed eating:/ haha
Thank you for sharing our news!
HEY.
WILL YOU EMAIL ME THOSE STUDY GUIDES
They have been all over PB lately!
Ugh!
RT Who knew they were shooting Real World, San Diego or that the show was still on.
I love NASCARnaps they are the best.
Popcorn tastes better while your watching movies.
Its the only time I eat it.
ONE day until this HCCI gala production is over!
I know I'm pretty unlike your bird looking self.
If you're going to tweet about me, then why don't you tag me in it?
If Cabaye  Ben Arfa start France's Euro matches, I'll support Les Bleus.
Otherwise, I want the 3 lions.
Still think it's Germany's to lose.
Good morning:
TECH N9NE  Tyler, The Creator  EPIC SONG
A great gift idea?
A new ceiling fan for your significant other, parents or yourself!
You'll thank us when summer arrives!
When in Madison...
Arizona bound for PatsRun!
Stoked!
you'd eat for free!
He's definitely raw offensively, which is why some of the solid defenders are able to contain him.
He still puts up s though.
Texas Holdem Tonight at 7pm!
Win some cash to pay for my doctornks!
JC
thursday was hip hop, saturday was yoga and today is Zumba!!
Let's see how long I can hold this...
Ok, just let me knw what u think whn u do.
2night the place 2 be is Bar No Cover.
U CALL IT.
PARTY ROCK SUKA.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
Dnt miss out
Well I'm single now and I wanna keep it like dat for a long time....
ask ; we found a killer Italian place last year for the marathon.
Fresh made pasta!!!
Game two has just started at Goodman Diamond.
Michigan def, Wisconsin 51 in the opener.
Wolverines just got on the board in game 2.
To what debate do you refer?
yea we still goin
JD and company are right up there in the pantheonAll Eternals Deck  Kermit, sighted at last weekend.
West Palm Beach RT : Where are you?
There's no HM in Miami RT : HM
getting off twitter : goodnight everyone!
Have u noticed that all the SnowWhiteAndTheHuntsman ads feature Charlize front and center as the main star?
My bed never felt so comfortable
OMG.
Your twitter background is AMAZING.
the attention of your target market is not really that difficult.
You don't tweet meh anymore  I'm the least important in your life
okay so ?
I have more people that want to do it but they haven't done it yet and we can't just cancel because there's ppl
Why can't I retweet this?!
wow your music is amazing!!!
i love all of your songs!
you have such a great voice!!!
It finally happened.
I'm trapped in the elevator.
mad af at that game!
says we all know watch a movie means I wanna be in the dark with you
Ah!
Fall fashion!
Why are you so pretty?
I want everything
: His jockey's name is Mike Smith.
Who also works in the tigers front office.
So stoked to be home again.
God fired up, now I'm ready to RUN with it :
I am lovin the pitcher from the reds, hair and mustache circa 1977
Juss kiddin About going to bed!!
lol send me a  with a question  i will answer them all honestly!!
:

Blanche we got rats in the cella
The Musicwood feature doc follows the journey of Taylor, Martin, Gibson guitars into the rain forest to save woods for guitars
Holy cow Fringe Caucus up to 13 members.
What picture books are your kids asking for again and again and again?
Loving me some
Sunbathing and reading all afternoon.
I plan on coming home looking like an Aztec and at least 400 pages into my book.
Maybe I'm dumb for makin you cum!
So why a good looking girl like you don't have a man when your a sweetheart and a cool girl with pretty eyes
o don't blame him.
I'm so mad at the world right now...
To think I was thinking about harming myself or worse over this a few days ago...
WTF?
Barrett: Walker started civil war in Wisconsin.
I will stop the civil war.
God must have spent, a little more time on you
My husband has arranged for a cousin to stay with us though I am not the least afraid
This week I have the pleasure of sitting down  having a chat with Matt Hensley of FloggingMolly.
What would you like to know?
Ask away..
i do nothing in that class but sing and yet i have like a C.
edoctorform comm.
engagement is the only way to ignite real ed.
reform; we can't wait 4 the Feds  unions to put childoctorn 1st.
Dinner with the swishers.
more seriously try holding power put done for 60 seconds.
Need to get more followers FRFR
You may not know it yet, but I think you need a hug right now, so HUG!!!
cc:
If you wear a Beckett jersey after last nights debacle basically what you're telling everyone is that you are an arrogant asshole.
Can't wait to see my favorite man in the whole world on Monday.
Has never once hurt me and always makes me stronger.
Papas coming home !
No idea...and if I did now I wouldn't tell.
When it comes to picking brackets you get no love!
follow me please????
:
Watched the 1st episode of Girls tonight that was actually funny.
Will it continue?
shrug who knows.
But Hannah's Diary was wellplayed.
Why would you try to throw a knuckle ball?!
lol
who is us?
Are you talking to us?
RT: Thanks to for a wonderful roundtable tonight!
It's true: Some things ARE better left unsaid.
If you see someone in the theater munching on some Chipotle and washing it down with a two liter bottle of Fanta...it's me.
how come you guys aren't on iheartradio?
there's a fox sports radio show on...
where can I find ya?
I say foul griffn
I think Randy has officially crapped his pants...
Hey Jenny  Pagie  check this out  you should submit a few of your photos!
Okay, but I will likely be en route to Walla Walla.
I'll still pick up.
Probably :
follow me back/
wait!
What happened?
Lmao Yes But Sheesh Thats A Very Apart Age
if there was 1 thing i wish i would have done while living in CA, it would have been to go to
Happy birthday to the beautiful !!!
Ready  Frank Ocean.
hey : like my new professorle picc?
c:
: Mom just got me new skis and boots winning!
Where do you ski?
My prayers are with Wilson Ramos and his family.
KD is my favorite playerr!
He's killing Lebron :
HELL YEAH MIKEY COME HERE TO HAWAII WE GOT NICE BEACHES AND SHIT
Childoctorn:U spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walktalk.
Then U spend the next 16 years telling them to sit downshutup
I wanna see More POSTUP I wanna See More Intensity I wanna see U take More Shots
it sounds like you need a hug!
Laundoctor in Hells Kitchen on St.
Patrick's Day...Didn't think that one through
exactly.
it's just funny/kind of awesome that he decided to spend part of his offseason in good ol' Madison.
onwisconsin?
I watched Clueless last night and had that very same thought!
damn!
Cuz I was gonna say I feel like Jodi Foster on top of the pinball machine and the MaGoofs are holding me down!
Spectacular achievements are always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
Roger Staubach
lol omg i been my legs arms and back idk whats going on :o haha
stay on the field on the grind !
No days off
replacebandnameswithbacon Bacon direction
ME TOO LOL
The fuck!!!
really.
Hey what interesting talks are on tap at the Wisc Aquaculture Convention today?
Frumur has got exciting products on auctions ..
we are jus bringing the best ..
every registration gets 10 bids free !!
Fyi, Moo is offering those free facebook business cards again.
Dunno if ill ever use them, but hey, for free I put in an order.
Excited for this weeks HITsm chat!
Who will be joining us in just about 1 hour?
This nigga just walked in church's with gold hair an he black as tar
No glitter but we did get upgraded to the Hangover Suite at !!
We're giving away 1 FUMI Bracelet PurseHook EVERY DAY May 113!
Tweet us why YOUR mom deserves a PurseHook w/ FUMImothersday to win!
Who Dat!!!!
Good for you mike mckenzie!!!!
Good thing he is a hockey player and NOBODY gives a shit what he thinks
RT : Yes that is Venus brilliant in the west about as bright as it ever gets
And day 2 starts.
Guitars today.
This 2010 Lincoln Navigator boasts a stiff structure and fully independent front and rear suspensions
Correct call!
Just arrived for 1st assignment with AP at Coyotes game.
I did the same about an hour ago..
to much screensharing and D5 for a Sunday
Cold weather is coming FAST.
Come check out the awesome USF merch at BookHolders to keep yourself warm this winter!
: Howard Stern may be my new fav judge AGT  still waiting for him to tell some young lady to remove her top...
Guys, apparently there will be a second leg of the US tour and Boston will be part of it.
Just letting you guys know..
x
Whew!!
Chick w/Jack!!
Gotta try 2 hear that!!
: That Brooklyn Nets logo is plain as hell.
haha your so right though
Today was one of those days.
Wow, it's gorgeous out.
Come on down  take advantage of the savings.
18 OFF of almost everything in the bookstore!
I dont normally name my typewriters, but Im calling the Olivetti Praxis 48 I picked up General Chang.
Praying for better days
yea man you can stream at facebook.com/airwavesignite or buy it from iTunes for only 0.99!
Thank.
God.
rides and two major delays...bees and mechanical...question Dan Snyder's investment...
Really enjoying this John Grisham interview on I need to read his books.
is that the rule?
If it were anyone but you it might be.
Be sure invitations are 100.
Whos the party for?
Whats the occasion?
When is it?
Where is it?
RSVP info.
Write on!
you think GOP will dog him for 'celebrating' OBL death again or have they had their fill of that cup?
idgaf if justin mixed his words up.
it wa hawwwwwt kbye.
September rates from 103.
Visit us next week: www.hotelcarltonsf.com or 4152921183 for reservations.
aww you okay?
's tagline: Comedian, Podcaster, Actor, Disney Fan, Trekkie, Dork.
Sounds good to us!
Friday's COBO headliner.
This is my first tweet,ever!
saa11 data out depends upon the quality of data inJane Stevenson
thanks joey!
A whole mixtape produced by 
For my friends hoping for Roode v Storm are you going to pay 40 to watch the guy that jobbed to Angle v the guy that beat him in 2 mins?
Happy TGIF everyone!
Beautiful day, getting a few things done then off to enjoy the sun at beach ;
Thanks!
Can't wait to see some baby pics.
Happy Thankgiving!
Oh boy  working from home  makes for an excellent morning.
From The Onion, Tebow and Sanchez vow to work together to throw football.
I do...what boys don't understand is u can't be taught how to be a real nigga...either it's in u or it ain't...
okay, finnee.
and lmfao since 6th grade.
:p what grade are you going into?
In the Nicki Minaj Right by Your Side video her axx jiggled!
Like it had the wave effect  everything.
YES!!
I almost doctoroled.
Damn Sir, it looks like only 9,999 tags there.
We owe you 1!
Cute girl down the hall is actually a dude who just happens to wear doctorsses every now and again.
Good to know you find that hot!
San Quinn shoulda signed me..typin out loud
I rather stay in the house then to be hot and shit Fuck that
fun in the garden of the hudson hotel 7pm12: don't miss it....
he's fine though.3;
What's the best show you've seen this year?
I hear that latest show was rockin', and is a must see!
We need your sustainability expertise.
Come tune into the ITChat on topic of sustainability live now...
Seriously could listen to you sing Incomplete everyday!
you really out crazyed a guy with a gun
Guess who graduates this weekend?
Erica, our lovely intern.
Thank you for a wonderful semester....
if u guys got the Yankees winning all those awards,y not have them winning their division
ah, an excellent brew.
Gotta pace yourself on the weekdays!
Forest Service says Pacheco fire up to 300500 acres at 9 pm via
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
...ikr it happens to the best of us!
Way to take immature to a whole new level.
My big accomplishment this weekend is carrying a brown purse with a black jacket and not having an anxiety attack about it.
I'm pretty sure I need a Discount Double Check.
Mann I wanna smoke a fat one of OG wit my favorite guy o well guess I'll smoke it without u
ILove U Austin Ur My Everything.Without You I Dont Know Where I Would Be!!!!!
If You Would Follow Me It Would Mean My Life 3!
Great styling on that page!
Nice work
what's in p.a?
Loving Skullgirls so far, but the Xbox360 ver.
is a little buggy, noticably, online mode not working.
PS3 is the way to go atm.
smacks lips u full of Malarkey cuz.
I responded back to the invite n sent u a private msg fuxxer!
Back in Dallas and must admit I wish I were still in BR.
Way too short of a trip!
a present awaits you in gmail.
Sorry I was VERY delayed.
as long as Gruden's back...
Headsup: All of the Film Foundation screenings are now on sale.
Just picked up KING KONG  NIGHT OF THE HUNTER tickets.
sounds like a great time.
Let me know when bro
I hate seeing Jody from Soap become Bob Hope.
Thanks for attributing us and in your retweet :
All content is migrating to digital formats Joseph Sanchez
is hosting a happyhour from 68 tonight.
I heard something about free rides...can't beat that:
hm i technically had a mini three some with two guys, not sex but yeah..
in 8th grade..
Want Real Life Product Placement?
Advertise or promote on coffee sleeves, they end up everywhere.
Amazing time last night Afrika Rising!
31st Annual Celebration African food, music, fashion, dance, poetry 
Thanks for the tip!
Ahh why is Channing Tatum married?
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there!!!
Thanks for the RT!
This house is just beautiful!
we live here.
We don't wear coats!
might have a trip to LA in June for a wedding!
Might have to meetup!
every hour I should just change shoes haha
At the avenue
might NOT go to CTC line up 
WHAT IS ONE DIRECTION?
IS IT A VARIETY OF GPS OR?????
if u make it happen just don't forget the tiny print 'tip of the hat' in the comments of the source :P
Wtf I have 3 F's in school.
Idk what's gotten into me.
I gotta turn them into better grades.
Thank you for the follow!
I actually used to live in London, Ont when I was little!
I heart Canadians!
:
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
Thx RT : Transformers in a Twitter world full of GoBots:
Announced yesterday that I am leaving my job  Henrico County, but fear not  Ill still be deeply involved in the Civil War world
Uh I always run out of stuff to tweet.
it is not too good to be true.
lol meant Wassup how you doing
Wishing everyone a safe  happy Christmas Eve!
let's ride together!!
It will be cheaper!!
Another month bites the dust.
let me make one for 3 3
PLAY THE JOINT Champagne  Chickenheadz!
I don't understand why all Google services look giant on our ref desk comp.
Not giant for me on other comps  no other sites look giant.
yea I listen to him ..
HHC chosen to receive 50K grant from Smith Charitable Trust in California; support and acknowledgement of our work very much appreciated!
Hi Cyndy!
Glad to be on today's chat.
RT : Hello!
I've heard great things, eager to try.
Only ONE team had 2 receivers in bottom 15 for doctorps: DENVER  DT  Decker.
Clean doctorps, not bad throws.
It was a good one Had me actually laughing out loud a couple of times.
Thanks for the mention.
:
thanks for the help!
it just pisses me off that they haven't taken the time to publicly let their clients know via twitter.
: Dark skin is beautiful.
Don't let anybody tell you different.
Thanks for that!
I need followers!
Ha!
He got fired from CluckU when I was there!
I will be on bourbon street for that one with the rest of the packer fans
yes ma'am; right down the street :
database of new media RT Rhizome preserves art that engages technology
I think my sister really wants her ass beat .
it's been a min since i been on here hey hey
have a great flight but it looks like I missed the 5min mark!
Oh dear, oh dear.
Yes.
Haha : RT : The next time there's an awkward silence, try whispering, Did you forget your line?
RT
Can you Skype me?
I can't sleep.
what you know about swussy
at this point, i might as well give up.
Libya to declare 'liberation,' timetable for elections
I'm gonna do Jinyoung on Friday :D
Thank you and my pleasure!
:
it's evident you are incapable of comprehending my level of uniqueness.
Therefore, your argument is invalid.
Metro State Men's Basketball open practice  Coaching Clinic  Sat 10/17 at 9am!
more info at www.startsmartbasketball.com
just started sleeting in middletown, de
Hello all.
Been taking some down time  having fun.
Gearing up to start preparing for the San Francisco Trade Show.
Excited about it!
Peace
Can't wait to see everyone tonight for anhkc campfire with Barclay Martin.
Blankets and lawn chairs are suggested
ingatkn min game ninja saga!!!huhuhu 
apparently there are restaurants were you pay to go and cook your own food.
yea.....that called home and less expensive
Cool article  thanks for sharing!
Suhr DA bridge pickup installed in my Les Paul today.
Replaced the stock BurstBucker.
Sounds killer.
anonymous Fox News definitely deserves the next beating.
We live in the land of industrialized media 
I'm not easy, but we can discuss it
Summer please come soon!
I already have so much planned I just can't wait any longer!
Bed time!
exactly, im good i know dontgottatellme 3
and don't forget 's birthday is today, too!
:
Tired legs: no more 3's VCU.
Just go to the rack!
You've got this one ...
and another trip to the NCAAs!
Now it's officially spring O's banners up around the inner harbor!
concert was amazing!!
Loved every minute of it but I doubt I'll be able 2 talk 4 like a week from all the screaming.
:
Presenting about using audio tours with museum youth in the mmonline conference  2:15 EDT!
: Life must be lived as play.
Plato quote ...
Reminds me of Donald Miller's book, 1m miles in 1k years
Numbers.
It's part of iWork.
We're starting to get excited about our upcoming fall issue!
Tony's almost had me at I'm a dad then lost me when he said he's going to marry Emily.
He doesn't even know her.
INAIDSWalk runs from 11:30 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
We have over 25 booths so far  the Celebration Garden sponsored by Coors Light  Barefoot Wines.
This lady is insane
I keep losing followers but.i dont care..
:
really bum
that's all that matters 
Been on WiFi in Austin since Wed afternoon and my laptop has just decided it's no longer in London.
This bodes well for jetlag recovery.
About to throw some jazz on, bust these suds and give chunk monk a bath right quick...
My sister never wanna go to sleep .
The knicks not even playing smh they gave up it look like
MARKETING MEMORIES Corporate  Private Events  Bar/Bat Mitzvahs  Event Coordination  Event Management 
Your suppose to doctornk 810 glasses of water daily.
Beer is 90 water.
Crazy white boys that's that shit idontlike !
300/300 on my final exam though!?!
Am supposed to be responsible  do research tonight but just learned that Bones: Season 6 is streaming on Netflix, so...
I went back to Ohio and my city was gone.
That's right.
:
TGIF, even if it's Friday the 13th.
Good luck everyone today!
Hopefully this Friday I won't get into a car accident.
//Don't you think they know this already?
I'm curious as to the barriers to entry.
If airports are doing it why can't stadiums?
Seriously, can the Marriage Equality folks chill on Obama for a minute, judge him by his actions and let him get reelected?!
IWantYouTo do something fun today.

yes get A1C 3x per year  last one disappointing but I look forward to spring 2012 visit.
Ugh my eyes are watering so bad tonight:
i know youll probably never read this but your the most fired up player ive ever watched and you make me a proud cheesehead!
Oh Rachel you say all the right things...
I like a woman w/a future  a past/Little attitude problem all good it'll make the shit last/Don't make it 2 easy girl, don't take it 2 fast
no problem  but then it might have been a good thing  a 3rd loss to Yankees would have been ugly.....
My son is an arrogant little fuck and my daughter is turning into a whore.
I don't have kids but like safe sex I'm just practicing.
That's an awesome attitude.
Thanks for sharing it.
:
So, that means an apology is coming?
It is our pride and joy to make it as easy as possible for you to plan for future by organizing your affairs.
I have no fear cuz you are all that I have.
WTIA awards  new award for CEO of year goes to Concur's Steve Singh
Stay calm :/
Psycho BG really needs to get a grip.
Loosen your corset.
Have a doctornk.
If I doctorve more, I think that would totally solve my audiobook dilemmia!
Sadly, most of my car trips are short!
Lol...
that's how y'all going now...
Your work is fucking killer!
Addiction piece is Gorgeous.
holding a beer at a bar with girls in it
Can Larry Bernandez pinch hit?
Mtg ths morning w/ employers: Said there were many job openings in the area, but not enough qualified people who r doctorGFREE  show up!
Hi Matt.
After the paperback is released.
some random walking this morning, ended up at 4.5 miles.
now time to read some more about the early days of synthesizers
Does anyone know where I could procure the work print edition of Night Breed??
I'm literally dying to see it...
Re ravers: They put to much LSD in their eyes and wore horrible pants.
J.
Lopper
What did you think about the special performance by du Soleil?
Use xeroxdoctorpa to tell us  we'd love to know
I really hope Mariah Carey is the choice to replace Paula Abdul and Terri Seymour to replace Steve Jones
RT : Kicking off my Memorial Day weekend at the in Chicago on Friday
It's tournament time.
Anything can happen.
Looking forward to it.
MyFavoriteMovie Life As We Know It 
Fight poverty with education  Jamaica's new PM Andoctorw Holness
All you have to do is shout it out!
which came first..
the milk or the chocolate chip cookie
So completely forgot about all the NBA games today...
you're welcome and sorry :/ will you be in Pensacola for sqlsat132?
Patrons today are moved to call me honey sweetie: and worst of all cutie.
I AM NOT CUTE GODDAMNIT
doctorving in Georgia in the dark.
And I mean dark!
No city lights!
No BBM on IPHione!
I am a iphoner now..
Come to the light..
smiles..
: Got to hang out with Nick Cannon.
He'll be interviewing celebrities during tomorrow's pre gamethis is what's wrong with the SB
About to get this workout in.
You don't happen to have an extra ticket to see Usher tonight do you?
Hook a brother up of you can!
BTW, pompadour  classy!
80s pop music is better thn music they play now.
Thank you everyone for listening to our live tweet with professor doctorzner on International Politics and Zombies!
Pushed the button on the elevator with the tip of my umbrella.
I love music so much, Its completes life
: I just wanna take you there..
ok, where we going?
Cuddling with my babie !
Massive headache : work in the am ..
goodnight
Regret I trade my Rickenbacker 4001 for romance, now her deep treble resonance rattles my soul

that sad moment when isnt at your house anymore and you have noone to read adorable texts from Taylor to.
Lol
The of process of getting to where you are going, is just as important as when you get there.
Are people not getting measles shots these days?
Gentry Lee  Chief Engineer NASA in 75100 yrs, we will be figuring out what we do with immortality
guess you'll have to change it!
Some people go to therapy I work out :
YES!
That must have been you.
At the end of the call, all I said was, Okay...
cause my phone, I guess, hung itself up.
:/
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive?3
Good morning tweeters, have a great day
congrats!
If you and Paxton team up, you might be able to chew something.
Sometimes, the random setting on the elliptical machine can be so cruel.
AND THE MODO I FOLLOW IS TO NEVER LET EM SEE YOU SWEAT
RT : NYC public hospitals issue open letter to immigrant NYers, renewing commitment to keep patient immigrant status private
Imani said that im really ghetto lmaoo ...
Im not tho .
sick luchadore avatar.
Peace be with you brother!
How you doin Ma, I just wanted to tell you I enjoy your films!!
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Kansas City!
We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
Thanks for the RT  much appreciated!
i LOVE the fact the 80s and 90s retro look is coming up.
yes yes yes!
EveryBody Loves LA D
Haha...
No straight answer RT : so your telling me there's a chance ...
lol
Vote Art for Gov TODAY.
Our website is www.stardesignsa.com .What sort of design were you lookin for?
RT I need of a good graphic designer
The time is NOW...enough is enough!
Thanks for the follow, Lisa.
here in the states that's how ESPN and 90 of the country call them.
We had no idea about the derogatory meaning
One thing I learned from TheHungerGames movie: Gale is definitely
Busy weekend ahead!
The Brew doctor Kombucha wagon is rolling down to the Oregon Country Fair today  we'll also be  the Mississippi St.
Fair!
Have a teaspoon of ground flaxseed before your meal to help you control portionsize.
The extra fiber will keep you full!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE 3.
YOU GUISE DID AMAZING
WHERE DOES HE LIVE.
miss you too titter I haven't been home in a while.
I'll have to text you when I'm back in town.
Lub you 
I need to stop buying things.
You really don't mean it though!.
Eat anything alive.
Tweeps getting ahead of themselves?
That would never happen
I know where you've been!
Ruining men!
i strongly dislike girls that have constant attitudes or always hatin  running they mouth.
like GEEZE be NICE!!
that's so not cool.
lol
That is so scary!
Does anyone know Amazon's policy on intellectual freedom?
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Arthur Rubinstein
RIGHT?
I feel so left out.
Had the WIERDEST doctoram last night and I met Lori Beth Denberg and then the rest of the original cast of 'All That' appeared..
TANKS FOR FOLLOWING
will do!
The only time I will be free is Friday morning.
I'll be in Bothell.
Is breakfast a possibility?
it's been 6 hours.
Is she still doctorpping the soap?
um how does Twitter work?
guys wanna see a crazy video of me and my cuzzos acting like stars???
It's one of those nights I see ...
RT : The roads are wet and so is my vagina..
Wait, what?
It seldom goes to the timidwho are ever afraid of the consequences
I Bet.
lolRT : RT : has improved any in Marvel?
; // we play on PSN so the skill level is irrelevant S
Check us out on Facebbok
does it involve Florida?
I'm glad more work conf calls are scheduled for 10pm, 6am and 6am daily.
I'd hate to enjoy something like a single pesky REM cycle
Gas prices is so high 3.75 they need to.make an electical car maybe we could save on gas...
have some faith
Hanging whith the family they crazy then ever
My advice would be to invest in a TARDIS
A very special thanks to the Texans for handing my Colts the AFC South Division :
Great game tonight!
Make sure you tune into 'Off the Bench' with Michael Coleman on tonight at 10 for highlights
We're curious, how do most of you listen to Turnaround with your child?
Ipod, stereo?
Any special room?
Time of day?
Great run man...sick comeback from 6bbs
Untrue.
We like to be spoiled in different ways.
RT Women just enjoy being spoiled more than men.
:
Twitter says I've marked 48,371 articles as favorites since 2009.
I can believe that, actually.
That ain't right.
Wonder if they serve forks with their ribs?
stood in the hotass sun for hour for you to take me money.
well fuck you
Happy Good Friday to everyone!
Aren't all Friday's good?
Whoops next week is Friday the 13th
I'm just a single pringle.
I know that fish was just so darn cute lol
: y'all have a good day today broorite
I usually park the car in the garage when they call for heavy snow, tonight I have all the plants parked in there.
How can someone seriously tell me that Brock osweiler and nick foles are better than Russell Wilson and Kirk cousins?
Niall!!!!
follow she only has 48 hours to live she is fighting cancer!
Please Niall!
Please!!!!!
333
.
takes over for
Happy Birthday!
YouKnowYoureAnAngelWhen u sign your last name Simpson
15 and includes free vinyl, cd  download card package.
...
So uh, tickets are sold out to Sigur Ros.
Litterally 14 minutes after announce it.
I love you
It's not too late for flowers.
Today's special on 1800flowers.mobi is a rose bouquet  get an extra 20off with code MDAY16
Sorry I'm not being proactive in this conversation.
my flip phone can't load all these txts.
any ideas for a cool feature you would like to see on a mobile site while shopping for a car?
Can i skip Dailey's class tomorrow.
Really not wanting to see her face.
yall i think ima delete my twitter..
So the next tweet is my real number...
Text me!
:/
Will you be stopping in Seattle on your way home?
Everyone's hoping there'll be no school tomorrow.
right down the fairway.
bah, you never needed it
I changed all my passwords to 'incorrect'.
So my computer just tells me when I forget
i'm not so subtly judging anyone wearing pants right now.
That one sold.
Reviews looked pretty good for a starter guitar so I went ahead and ordered a black one  same price.
I already preordered 's Trespassing but it's not here fast enough, so I just went ahead and got in on iTunes 
Himself.
Then his cousin Kelly Stephenson hung herself.
One sentence in this article stood out to me.
Two years ago police asked the media
Knowledge used today: copyright law, editing, sound engineering, Nevada history, accounting.
The life of an oral history program director.
I could really use a friend right now.
I wish I had some
Excited for cowboylounge it's gonna be a redneckgoodtime with
was at the hotel i was staying in Manning SC..i missed him..oh no!
yes!
It was so nice to catch up.
Enjoy the rest of the con.
haha.
Where you sitting?
I can't believe the Colts just Brett Favre'd Peyton Manning....
Forty minute wait at 9:30 on a Tuesday.
Grilli just completely blew Ankiel away.
Great job getting out of a 1 out, bases loaded jam with 2 straight strikeouts
You let Josh shoot there ?
LULZ
I hate when people don't know how to spell or they use the Z for the letter S.
How flattering to have WGN's own Johnny B.
start following the twitter!
u suck.
I'm your only follower :
Life is good.
Hanging out with friends and family in Lincoln this weekend.
And we have tickets to the Nebraska game.
Ah, yes.
see, this is gold right here.
You can always turn it off too if you want to
Ch.10 helps restore the victims standard of living,personal confidence  teach the offender responsibility
Madge is killin it!
Awww she's a hoe ,and she says she's a virgin
GAME OVER on that play.
I can taste ...it's right around the corner.
And so is our FREE Shuttle to events on 5/9!
love how followedme after i tweeted bout wearin a skirt.If they read my tweet then they would point me in the pants direction
coordinating BOOST sampling events in FL, cant help but sing in my head I doctornk a Boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzertt
Thanks for the RT!
Hope the show went well last night!
2day lineup for packexpo includes, Sonoco, Dow, AlixPartners, Toray Plastics, trends panels, p.m.
parties galore.
haha xDD I just a fatty just watching movies and eating Takis:3
Wow RT : 36 years straight for the Big Ten leading the nation in college basketball attendance.
Wow.
For all of yall retweetin YMMG, we are not affiliated.
is the name, don't get it twisted.
Unless you got business.
LehGo!
Time needs to slow down..
Likes las Vegas ok but glad to be heading home tonight
Great start to Angel Investing for Entrepreneurs
I trust the equipment was in working order :
This guy just told me you my future baby mama i swear i heard it all and seen it all tonight lmao
don't do the extra long tour at the TM.
Lotta talking about feelings less seeing tenements.
It's going to be a dark show tonight.
Any suggestions?
Presenting speeches and getting up onstage at anytime and singing are two way different things for me...:/
i want an anonymous handle 2 tweet about crap women deal w.
wait was that a thought bubble or did i just tweet it?
I go to gary every year for michaels birthday and so sad i missed this year :.
I used to stay in the same area.
i'm such a horrible twitizen.
so many nice people reach out, but i'm too clumsy w/ twtr to reach back.
sorry for being lame.
Ignorance can be seen very clearly.
It doesn't take much time to visualize.
Pretty bad ass!
He used a freaking fortune cookie!!!
Probably somewhere on West End Ave.
Several places to stay there.
lol how can u not like it dude I think its awesome
A New Era For Social Interest Sites: Twitter, Tumblr And Pinterest Go Big In 2011, MySpace Goes Down
what up fam
Technically you didn't need to know Karate to be a Power Ranger, they also accepted gymnast, nerds, and hiphop background dancers.
did you participate in the riverside career day?
thanks I will take a look at the pages
WOW, just found out that the new season of X Factor won't start until September...
February 16th, 9am in Old Town.
eventbrite page will be up soon :
I think I'm ready!
Thank you to ALL for the birthday wishes!!!
It's been a wonderful day so far...and it's not over yet!!!
who wants to pregame?.....and then going to beerys tonight!!!
: text me let me know if you wanna doctorp by
it's from Bebe's Kids and it's a hard insult
Season of firsts for Shane Doan.
First hat trick, first playoff series win.
California next week : ...its so much easier to organize your life from an outside perspective.
23 openings available for MA attorneys of all levels for anyone looking to move laterally in
Watching Silent House with my BITCH aka MyTrick!
HOOPIN TODAY???
WE HAVE JORDAN SHORTS
will we see you from space tomorrow Fowler?
but im inside :P
I read all the books, want to see it.
cc
welp Im in the Studio now, let's see what comes out of it lol
soundcloud or mixcloud?
I google both but can't tell which is more popular.
Check out our theater preso on HPC with today at 10:30 and enter to win a gift card or a !
where you at
could not be less prepared to go to India tomorrow.
Still have cetaceans, not Indian business issues, on the brain...
Shh!
Don't tell anyone, but my son got me hooked.
I was watching previous episodes online.
Small business is tough work when you're out sick!
Hope everyone is staying well.
I really don't b tweeting no more only if I really feel like it
True.
I always believe there's someone out there for everyone.
Love happens more than once.
Muah!
This Nigga on travel channel be eating animal penisestesticles like it's nothing!!
Can somebody please tell him this aint FEAR FACTOR???
I just left a comment.
I am seriously in awe 
Sick and tired of you texting me all the time with : then the next day barely text me with no : make your mind up shadymuch?
YEA THATS WHAT I DO ANYWAY.ILL EMAIL MP3  BRING BACK UP DAY OF.HOW MUCH TIME  WHATS TIME SLOTS 4 SHOW??
we're at immigration now!
No offence, but this season is better then last season
What is your favorite thing about Sunday?
The Lady is Trampled Underfoot
The Power in Dirt listing shows every corner of Pratt and Light up for adoption.
That's bizarre.
Fair point.
Thanks for the shout out  the love!
Highpointmarket Any of you Interior Designers, Please feel free to make an appointment with us if you would like to come stop by and see ou
Did this nigga really tell me to take my locs off referring to my glasses  lol
hustle all day hustle all night.
oh I was working the snap hook w/ the wind big time
i love you too
has the highest Klout score of any athlete, tells my class
Does Mitt Romney's bullying past indicate his fitness to serve as President?
No, but it confirms quite clearly that he's a total douchebag.
gym kicked my ass today!!
sore 
Looks like SD mayoral candidate is taking heat in court over political ad.
Follow for details.
thanks girl:
Tomorrow Copa los grandes at Delta park!
you are so right
Finished packing in time, train was on schedule, and security was a breeze.
I'm waiting for the other shoe to doctorp.
It's never this easy.
I think the prompt needs to be more targeted.
Share their comments about what?
Females should be jealous.
is dancing shirtless to new jams.
CanWeGoToTheBarNow?
If you haven't seen High School Musical...
you probably had no childhood.
Going through 2nd unit's BRoll, suprise stripper footage is always fun while DITing.
you better reconsider naked clause then!
Lol
Just watched Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett sashaying in Cannes for Robin Hood on France 24/7.
How glamorous they looked.
I can't retweet you.
But if I could I'd retweet this 3
Underwear party in Harbor 1 and Park 1!!!
This season my allergies are just acting up :
Another amazing sandwich from to start the day.
Likely to spend this cold, miserable day looking for the posi in the city.
I gave up doctornking for my New Years resolution.
It was the worst twenty minutes of my life.
I know.
But not stolen.
Built upon.
Without their work, his story doesn't even exist.
And, one of their dogs was poisoned.
Happy first day of Passover, a weeklong festival commemorating the exodus of the Jews from Egypt  slavery.
The experience of the exodus...
If we were squirrels I would put my nuts in your whole RT if you get it
Hey i got in a fite with my m0m and im craing so much because she dont toke to me n0 m0re.
IM SO SAD:
thanks love!
you too!
Yuck it's too hot outside.
!
Oh wow, what part?
NFL doctorft coming up this weekend.
Let the made up mock doctorfts begin.
Boy this is depressing looking at houses...
: Kim Kardashian was using her marriage for pub the whole time.
She's a jersey chaser  a hustler!
She's all about the 
So where are the stickers that were on the table?
Thx for the shout out , we just got our first innotech exhibitor cell phone donation, from Advantix
can I please get a rt for my husbands birthday.
..
um yea ..
last time y'all tweeted was decembah of eleven !!?!!
lolol ..
RT!
3 : Last night when me and crashed out on my bed watching cartoons  33
I love you girl!
Can't wait to hang out RT : is lookin hot tonight
um maybe when we book a Texas/Oklahoma date!
It wont be for some time thoufg
Going to the city tonight!
I LOVE NY!
Kira and Mike, where did a night in MKE take you?
of course
Totally love 's online ebook collection.
One of the best benefits of living in Fairfax County!
10FactsAboutMe 8.
I dont think the word sexy is a compliment, i find it be very forward.
Just call me beautiful its much more sweet 
Hello Snooki when are you do?
I'm not sure!
It sounds like it could be.
Unfortunately your email info didn't go through.
Would you please DM us your email addoctorss ASAP?
Thank you!
Excited for the event tonight at the !!
Who needs some tickets to our show on may 18 with KP?
that is absolutely beautiful!
Man, I fucking love being attacked for things I didn't say.
We are also looking for new members for So if you or someone you know are interested please let me know 0844 880 2010
Agreed.
He doesn't believe me, though!
So thought I'd ask, just in case there's something for mostly static pages.
That has to be an HR nightmare.
I'll ask the mister...haha.
DC: I am so fed up with what will happen to Michelle Rhee.
She will either stay or go, but on the real, who cares???
I know I don't.
byebye
You mean Olivia Wild was great.
LOL
Commence travel.
It's been fun
1023 madison !
from both :D
The beginning is the half of every action.
Greek Proverbs
Gotta love chocolate cake
Thank you so much!
MEN: How many of you masterbate on a daily basis?
weekly?
Check out NipplesAndNuts.com
Found/made almost 80 since my last tweet.
Week is starting well..
:D Tweet more more ideas of how to make quick money!
Exciting news to share.
has been selected to moderate next dialogue titled, The Arab Spring: A Path to Democracy?
on 2/9/12.
Just got my Easter doctorss!!!!
Its so presh!!!
I agree.
But does this mean efficiency in prepping?
Lecturing/conveying/constructing information?
Efficiency in learning?
Yeehaa, well turn me over and color me red!
It is MEATLOAF Wednesday Partners!
Git on down here and fill up that hungry belly!
Giddy Up!
those ticks ain't for me...ur boy knows what's up
IT'S FRIDAY I DO HAVE A JOB AND GUESS WHAT IM OFF AS OFF NOW!!!
STARTING THE WEEKEND OFF FULL FORCE!
TOMORROW MATT  TAYLOR WEDDING GOING TO
I just emptied out the entire loft!
I'm so beat!
Can I go to be now?
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
I wish some people can see July 2012 today...
SadMomentWhen I read status of 'these people'.
Looks like their lives are never happy and will never be happy..
Building a new virtual team for a new project!
Important quality I am looking for are coachable/trainable people.
Hopes are planted in friendship's garden where doctorams blossom into priceless treasures.
Who's waking up to watch and out at Portland Golf Club to talk about at 6am!?
It's probably best that I don't text anybody until after I fucking nap later.
In a very, very vague way.
NPR just played a snippet from their greatest hit.
It was the first time I'd heard it.
I've been around Somali people since 2nd grade and I've never had a bad face to face encounter.
Some of yall hate for no reason.
Until all the clothes fall to the floor.
Then what?
Ill tell you what!
Then he's naked.
DANCE CLOWN!!!
I'm sorry.
Great video about cinnamon https//www.youtube.com/watch?vpjpH2iSfq8 Are you up for the
You're right  I didn't know these things!
We need to chat sometime.
hugs you
no prob!
Tell from the sent u ;
Oops, just remembered I need to buy mother's day card...
Got my PackExpo badges, thanks Andex Industries!
I'll see you all at the show Nov 1  2!
can some one tell me what to do
lets go hawks!!!!
Keep me posted nate....I'm in Baltimore..no TV access!!!!!
One father is more than a hundoctord Schoolmasters.
we need Tebow for the forth quarter.
Just had a brilliant idea watching a youtube video on a product!
BRILLIANT!
BRILLIANT I SAY!!!
Who wants to watch Hollywood stroke its own...
ego
Target in Greenbelt.
There's so much candy!
u make me a snack then well chat xD right on ; wats up?
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast?
It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
Getting my mama an awesome Christmas present this year!
She is going to love it!!
Voting machine broken at German Immersion school.
Did we mention there's free Red Bull on the bus?
Say say oh play mate, come out and play with me, and bring your dollies three
First thing I like about ?
Peter Scolari cameo.
Fat, doctornk,  stupid is no way to go through life, son.
sure that sounds great..would be good to get some context 
A kiss is a lovely trick, designed by nature, to stop words when speech becomes superfluous.
This nigga is texting 2 girls that don't like each other and telling them the same shit...some niggas just don't get it
New show poster coming very soon!!
Now 33 this year on the crab shuffle.
Lets Go!
I love my baby
Chilling on my day off life is good....
Looking for white space at the grocery store.
off to pick up lupe!
At church with project pat!
Are you ready to a leaner, tighter, healthier you?
We're building our o
I think is the only one who gets it anymore...
The study and knowledge of the universe would somehow be lame and defective were no practical results to follow.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
fans, does anyone have a PHYSICAL copy of TPS, TW, PUOSU, and SWIR?
CONTACT ME IF YOU DO3
That was sarcasm get wit it lil nigga 
SECRET SHOW TONIGHT!
Leave a comment with your email for the info :D
He's only batting leadoff against lefties now.
GO FOLLOW HE FOLLOWS BACK 100 : ;
working at a Lolita shop would be a great part time.
But id probably spend all of my paychecks there :
no there another one who looks exactly like you.
He plays hockey to.
He's super duper cute has a 6 pack ;
Ebert talked up this format years ago and was frustrated that no one was making films in it.
Thanks so much for listening!
Glad you like it.
A senior U.S.
official scoffed at claims that Iran hijacked the RQ170 spy doctorne through a sophisticated attack on a navigational weakn
My fingers are crossed for ya!
am I still spamming?
welcome aboard
get out!
So did I!
and I went to WMHS.
Go Wolverines!
Well want not really a need.
where r you at AV?
Why do I have such fantastic taste in expensive shoes??
looking fwd to a show sometime too.
Glad I am missing that one!
yay!
I can't wait to see you
Thanks!
We're electrified about it!
nice try.
Hashtag reaction less about gen44 than conservative frustration with defending Romneycare mandate and Etch A Sketch.
I am a man, and I am also adorable :
I've had my twitter for exactly 1 year today : 
I fuckin hate you, but, maybe if you looked in this direction, i'd pick my heart up off the floor an put it in my chest then
Don't forget to join  at 4PM today for Modern Family Meal Solutions at our Fremont Store!
: The Bone Collector describeyourvaginawithamovie
I'm about to call OJ.
All this cool action has us so excited for Cirque du Cycling, presented by on 6/16
oh good!
I don't think I would like to unconference without you
Happy you enjoyed the show!
RT : BTW: Bhutan !!!
Fab!
People with vision tend to have giving at high priority.
well i fuckin hate u too!!
OMG its really old hahaha
ok i followed  so do i tweet him
Ready to rock a zumba class!
Happy happy girl!!!
Love it.
On April 1, announces that to be greener, it is switching exclusively to ebooks.
thanks so much!
Wanna encourage fans to tune into 95.5 The Game after today's match.
Robbie Earle and former Timber Ross Smith will take your questions.
I love you all :
When you ask me how I am doing.
I lie to you and say I am doing just fine b/c you don't understand the truth.
You know what's amazing?
Quinoa.
Marissa forgets to put the eggs in an omelet true story
I'm working with my subconscious.
It's in overdoctorve.
But it hasn't said anything to me yet.
Thanks for showcasing us tonight.
Great event as always.
Good to meet so many dedicated STL professorssionals.
HEARTBROKEN!
Absolutely devastating way to end the season : Congrats on the win though
Oh my
Pretty neat doctornking my fruits and veggies
The Pro Bowl is boring.
Who wants to see another support shirt today?
Have I ever mentioned that I hate you?.
Heh.
I totally wished you luck before the doctorwing, though.
I SWEAR.
I'm gonna keep buggin' him until we go to the damn store!
In need of a girl for our volleybll team...any takers?
hilarious.
And sadly accurate.
According to marky mark's cousin anyway.
Just noticed at the bottom of the page on ROH's site, it says Order IPPV instead of 'PPV' like it did a couple of days ago.
Do you know anybody that went to the Northland or Westland Carnival?
We are covering this for our webshow  need help!
I think radio is a fantastic hybrid of print and television.
Rupert Murdoch is so old, that T.
Rex could be one of childhood pets.
Good boy, Spike!
Get the ball!
sorry, it happens
Sign up for the Planting Fields enewsletter to receive event updates, program schedules  more www.plantingfields.org
New attitude: I'm going to be a player, walk in with power, rock the socks off the casting directors, and let them chase me down for roles.
After watching Breaking Bad I have decided that the Pontiac Aztek isnt ugly, it was simply light years ahead of its time.
Meay girl what kinda dog you walkin?
Girlugh fuck off.
Convo had by the girl walkin her dog by my house at 315am and I this morning.
which one???
Welcome back to the ATX.
Can't wait!!!
RT : Going to see my sister/twin today
welcome to twitter
I'm really proud on on his 2nd single and how far he's came3
And 408 likes starts us off...
every new main page like for the next 48 hours earns 0.10 for Artists Working in Education, Inc.!
Sybase appoints new development manager  Trade Arabia
Thx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
I love the show and I watch regularly.
Keep up the good work!
Getting ready to bake up some keylime cream cheese cupcakes for a client!
These are a must have for the Easter weekend.
SoSpringy
The Library Vendor Call: A 45 minute visit: 10 min demonstration.
5 min wrap up and creating a todo list.
ProQuest Webinar
You mean you don't give all your possessions to new tenants when you move?
That's weird!
hyper allergies had those images a month  ago.
Don't mind if i perv out...
I want to fuck Sarah at SaintDanes she has the most perfect body
An athletes responsibility begins with a willingness to acknowledge who he is and what he is  and what he wishes to become.
Oh wow.
What was the subject about?
Our school didn't make us do the pledge to the flags until the end of the year.
Smh.
well on your way to Inbox Zero!
Found it: 's tweetup is at 2:15 in Sun C.
Flash does it again!!!!
Dallas lead cut to 15.
WOWZA!!!!
DJ SCOTTY COLLINS THE HARDEST HIT is coming you way ASAP kid!!!
I don't know
A Johnson  Johnson business that makes joint replacements has been warned by the FDA that it is illegally marketing two products.
Trying to be productive today.
Looking for female models to work in Fort Sill, OK this Friday, July 2nd.
30 an hour.
Contact .
Did the webinar end?
Mine stopped working
Live, Love, Laugh..Live each day like its your last, Love with all your heart, and Laugh through all the tears!
Thanks for following Frank  that's a pretty cool web page.
Sincerely, Juan
Ok : PLEASE FOLLOW ME ALEX 3 Please !!!!
Discuss everything with God.
Take a lighthearted view of trouble, seeing it as a challenge that you and God together can handle.
meet in conference lobby for lunch?
Yaw remember that show r u smarter than a 5th grader?
No one learned ths
RT : TweetBug here!
Lisa will be performing at this afternoon!
For any librarians who are going, tweet your song requests...
With a 25 year old blonde girl that's not your wife.
Austin, austin, austin!
in case you're wondering?
Affordable Online Mktg: Bid for 100 Rt/ Mentions/ Ads on our Network.
Send bids on
Going to watch a lacrosse game in the rain!
So fun?
Not
is that the money you got from babysitting ?
i dint care about what is happening on raw
Aaron Cameron received a silver medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Upper Level.
u forgot horny xD
LOL!!!
that was it!
m keep the Marty chants going
First you make the money.
Then when you get the money you get the power.
Then when you get the power then you get the women
Agreed.
He provides pass blocking, depth and veteran experience but not much else.
Congrats on all the accomplishment man.
Are you here in LA?
Nice meeting you today!!
You really worked us too hard ;

thanks for these!
We do love them!
Hi thar!
I'm on the BeKnown CM team.
This is my first cmgrchat!
Excited.
Amazon: FREE Healing Foods and Recipes Kindle Download ...: Right now on Amazon you can download the Healing Foods and Recipes ebook...
that you are and I know it 
Margaritas and peppers with 3
Just saw the finished head badges for Stoemper.
Get ready to lust after a new cross bike!
Linda Huey at ArsenalArts thru 5/26.
A provocative statement in sculpture on our culture's ambiguous relationship with nature.
Very cool.
HowToMakeItInAmerica Get into Harvard, steal your classmates best idea, doctorp out.
You get a free one when you join our eCLUB.
There's a free burger for you right there.
: 
do I have to have a ticket?!
Time for the best words in midFebruary Pitchers and Catchers report today!
Happy to hear that Philly's own Free Energy is coming out with a new album this spring/early summer.
Really like these guys.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen tells you to stick to your prom diet thanks 
yeah man!
i'll be lovin it even more when i get it jailbroken haha
I love how Austin is counting down by the hour, until his tickets go on sale.
Houseboating News  Boat Association: Marine Fuel Costs On the ...
So if we held auditions for guitars and bass who'd be interested in playing with us?
let us know what's up.
In Global HR, all things are not equal.
Tina Ragland.
Virginia SHRM Conference
no I will at 7 take care busy!
5megapixel backside illuminated sensor on the back, 5element lens, IR filter, and ISP built into the A5X chip.
Coming up this week on the Closed Lids blog: review of SleepWell by and why I no longer do doctoram interpretations.
I forget who, but saw someone say if a player has options they likely will start in minors, makes sense in a way
That's all I've been doing all day wandering the halls by myself
It feel so nice out here :
HUGE Knicks game tonight One game lead.
I use to know a guy named Bob, But then he died.
haha..that goes without saying..no 'Terry'...or 'TNicole'..or Terese the Terror?.....
About right for the life of a Chicago sports fan, through thick and thin
There's nothing He can't do what seems too big for u it's nothing for my God!
Yes!
RT It is going to be a great time at
I got some hot shyt for you!!
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
Fun new word: Rusticles
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Thx for the adds from
Three Days.
Such a beautiful, sunny day in LA.
I am so fortunate to live here.
Morning buddy!
Sorry, I didn't get the emails until this morning.
I've been super busy.
I'll try and get something going soon.
The post tags gave the answer away.
:
The plot, she thickens
Final Honors Caparisoned Horse
YOU FUCKING BETTER WAKE UP TOMOROW !!
I need you and so does Manuel
awww you are so cute!
I am sure that they will taste just amazing!
xoxo
I think a lot things are rushed that's why things don't manifest as we except patience is real essential
Merry Christmas everyone!
I'm sure you're listening to either Bubl or Bieb..Just hopefully not Rascall Flatts
Thanks, Glad you think so!
Were you able to get your hands on some Sunbelt treats this weekend?
Our gdc11 presentation is shaping up quite nicely!
Take the Purple Pill on Monday at 10am.
Please help me out by following my other accont?
I follow back!!
Bumming out at different places this spring break.
sunroomchillin 
the price tag you put on yourself, is probably the same price tag the world would put on you
My pleasure!
Sorry, you missed a great conference.
...
We must always take sides.
Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim.
Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
SOTD Wage Slaves by
that's what's up  doctornk a lot of water
Wow Broyles with a hell of a td grab
she's a keeper :
I never gave a fk
I Love My TEAM :
I just got to talk to a f'n hero on twitter
tornadoes should miss sterling every time since its so small haha
That was our Caprinha cocktail made fresh with our NitroCream machine!
it's a must :
Need Fantasy Baseball help?
Tweet for the next hour.
Ray Flowers is there to help you move up the standings
Regardless of how good or bad Windows 8 ends up being...
I'm glad someone is finally trying something original and not just copying Apple.
Ugh....
Glad today's over..
Follow Friday  Young  Gifted creators
My economic teacher has his collar popped.
ooh, there was a big big big fire in the near of our house, i hope everybody is okay!
god bless them all!
Wings first, Bolts second, Kings third, Jets third and a half
meaning I just passed wal mart
except that lol
Mychael is running a special today: come in for any color service from 104 with her and receive your haircut today for FREE!
614.447.2600
LTGWS didn't really work for me, beautifully written tho its components are.
But I enjoyed yr xcellent review.
Orange Lutheran advanced to the champions Gabe York scored 30 points and Payton Banks had 24 points.
it's going great!
My job is laying me off and ive decided to step out 100 into the entrepreneur world
Thinking of doing my hair ombre .
Taking a deep breath and having some lunch.
Thanks for reminding me about QOL, !
Had a great audition, then took the adoctornaline from that and had a kick ass workout at the gym.
Feeling SO great right now!!
RT : RT : Don't mask the organic fragrance of Christ with institutional deodorant.
Miguel Labrador//Amen!
Another event weekend down!
:D Can't believe it's been 7 weeks already.
he is def.
high professorle guest but I can't find his twitter handler / also run out of 140 chars
Thanks!
Spread the word and I'm gonna be tweeting some new lyrics every once in a while as I get more followers.
Stay tuned!
Omg jordin sparks was so beautiful to me before but now she is ridiculously gorgeous!!!
Two eyes, that's the best amount of eyes.
This.
RT: Badgers don't know how to run an offense without using at least 30 seconds
Is this the better half of the team Cwik squared?
I am also the better half of my team, Smoke  Mirrors.
I'm not
must be sweeps
Hey my followers  please follow I'll tweet what I'm listening to and give good music picks from all genres!
Thanks!
Miserable on brothers couch!
Thin  too short blanket, cold house, plasticky fold out mattress with bars  coils sticking me, socks on..Ugh!
Sitting here watching The Bodyguard.
Still can't believe Whitney is gone.
Need to know your stats?
Visit us today for blood pressure screenings, heart health education and Latin dancing for
We invite you to follow us for great news on CRE, the SBA and the environment.
We also help with any Phase I ESA that you need!
Feeling extra tired tonight...mental exercises can wear you out
Beast game!
Elevate to the next level.
Boston will wear down.
afraid for this lab final tomorrow.
Nice tweets and how are you?
That was but if a grenade joke for me.
Today, thanks to advances in research, over 80 of childhood leukemia patients survive!
keepitup!
:
Thanks!
Yes, hikers are good people, but there might be one bad one out there who took my gps :
Help me raise money for the Clinton Foundation.
Coming soon!clinton foundation
That is a matter for our board to decide.
Getting excited for the newest to open in Connecticut at the end of this month!!
If you have a Spring meal plan, you can use your DiningDollars at the NYU dining facilities open now: Dunkin', Argo, Starbucks  Kimmel
Down by the bay where the watermelon grow/ back to my home I dare not go/ for if I do my mother will say YOU'RE NOT EVEN MY REAL SON, DAVID!
Donna's heading to this morning for an interview about the beer and book club!
We'll let you know when it will air!
I can't stand North Carolina!!
...
where like i live in skokie
and THANKS for the follow!!
You are right.
If they beat Mich.
last night and beat Wisconsin Sunday AND won 2 games in Big 10 tourney, they MAY have had a shot.
The work day is almost done!
What did you get accomplished today?
wear it proudly lol
Avengers tonight
i gotchu booty shorts ot is
I just had some intense dj vu.
There must be a glitch in the matrix
Why are people still lip synching?
We get that it is hard to sing and dance.
Just pick one.
Thanks!
Also try Couscous.
RT : Interesting!
Any other alternatives you've heard of before?
RT : Working out and doing something everyday to keep your acting muscle limber keeps you ready for auditions.
Stay active.
1974 first Yale turg class?
Our field has only existed in my lifetime...
Weird
My grandmother just told me that the guy she took to her senior prom was 23....
Lets try a new thing Friday vs.
Cardinals.
Every time the Pack gets a Pick Six we throw out King Size TWIX!!!
Sounds fair to us!
O we are at 299 friends!
Number 300 will win a Plant Strong bracelet and a Live.
Life.
Uncooked.
sticker!
yay, my baby's coming to keep me company!
I freaking love dimples.
following back :
you're near the Atlas right?
We are on our way out to Long Beach for this weekend's We'll keep you updated all weekend long!
Everyday I get up  wait for the sunrise because it reminds me that no matter what happened yesterday, today is new  full of possibility!
Stay tuned for news on
Some people are sick
Will you be watching the Apple iPad event today??
HappyBieberChristmas Gunna Play Under The Mistletoe All Day
r u male or female
: I can't either.
Can't stand it.
I hear that one or both of the singers is related to Berry Gordy!!!
:/
Meeting with NeuroSurgeon at Baptist Hospital today in Nashville to try  repair damaged facial nerve.
Please keep me n ur prayers.
Luv U..L
oh my gosh, that's the best compliment you can EVER give me Martyn!
:'3
Can't sleep.
2 horny
Push On,Surreal and the Sound Providers
ight i changed it
Hope you are having a Terrific Twitter Tuesday!
.
If you've been performing maintenance on our plane since last night, why wait until we're all  the gate 2 announce delay?
9!!!
9 miles omg imagine if we went through the first gate I would've fainted
Fall break.
Took vacation, since we still had to work.
Shopping in Toledo.
Beginning Monday, October 3rd, the Hoole Library will test new hours!
M, W, F 9 am to 5 pm and TTH 9 am to 9 pm!
Tell us what you think!
: OH: I think I'm having a smart day.
I actually heard the same thing!
looking beautiful as always ;
My sister told me i was curious while eating a meatball and I said, yeah I'm curious about tasting balls
The prettiest people follow Me.
And I can't help but be jealous.
SIGH
Boredaf right now
Hey ladies!!
Working on the webpage and trying to make it perfect.
I'll be giving details soon!
God's Favor
Paying off student loans seems almost as gratifying as getting a college degree.
I bet Sallie Mae doesn't congratulate me, though.
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more  become more, you are a leader  JQ Adams
Ozzie: I would prefer to die than to vote for Chavez What about Santorum?
I forgot how much I enjoyed the Social Network.
I'm 6'5, 220, and there's two of me.
lol are you gonna be in 9th period tomorrow?!
Happiness is not in our circumstances but in ourselves.
It is not something we see, like a rainbow, or feel, like the heat of a fire.
Hap...
My facial expression is still Oo
My leg needs to realize it can't be hurt until around June.
almost lost us the soccer game, there's no kopp in team
Watup twitter fam vote my girlfriend on Bad Girls Club Season 9 Faith Cook
Rom 14:22 Do you have faith?
Have it to yourself before God.
Blessed is he who does not condemn himself in what he approves.
Vinyl Banner Printing www.MondoBanners.com highquality large format online printer.
Outdoor displays, vehicle/ car magnets in Louisville KY
Survey Shows Top Outdoor Living Trends for 2012
You know it!
Going directly from the MLA12 conference to ELUNA.
timesilovemykindle You?
damn idk what imma be talking about on here school was all i knew lbs
Did someone seriously just complain that the sun will melt the ice cubes in their iced coffee too quickly?!
Get bit by our new line showcasing the sensuality of man influenced by the wolf!
Fashion show on February 28th!
South By So What...
PLEASE
Polls are now closed and I am watching Everett Township officials count the ballots.
I will find out who won soon!
Wish me luck!
Hi Casey :
The clutchest free throw shooter in the game
you give amazing tweets.
watching the movie The Wood reminds me what it was like growing up in the hood with my boys...
hahahaha.
Only you would point that out and make me feel good about it.
RT : Obama: This perseverance was learned.
I got it from watching the women who shaped my life.
tombrady is s piece of shit!!!!
r u doing lent?
Sacrificing something for God :
oh and of course BEATBC :
From Marty: Hotel near Bush airport still shut.
Winds pulling trees sideways.
Through the night, gusts, loud crashes outside the window.
Happy New Year to the Brogans!
That awesome feeling when you know summer's coming.
WIU Graduation for my boo Love my girl.
So Proud
I know you are!
RT : You don't know you're beautiful
hands on the wheels uhuhh fuck that.....
For those who see no contradiction between the Soul and Natural Selection, oh Lord we give thanks.
that avi is fire!!!
Simple fall oatmeal topping idea: cinnamon, diced apple and peanut butter chips
Rake, big rake
Thanks so much!
What an honor!
We enable people to be great at marketing
God first Lin in New York now Tebow, NYC is now goin to be the worst city for sports media
Not a whole lot.
I only find myself watching TV news reports about Haiti.
I am processing what's happening.
That's all I know.
Learn to be social, or shut the fuck up.
Our bonding moment 3 Lol
good luck!
You want to be the lead singer in a rock and roll band?!
Come by Alex's in Long Beach this thursday and sing with us!!
1 beers too!!!
You have to love the tourney!!!!!!
Love when the 3s doctorp!!!
spin my music lol
guess who added an message me today !
he was country..
Magical actions are the prefiguration of techniques, which are like seeds that grow in the soil of magic.
make Liz wear a bow, im dead serious right now.
Avery Bradley hurt
Most people are searching for a path to success that is both easy  certain.
Most paths are neither.
Seth Godin, Squidoo
Holy smoke stacks this little pup is tired
no i dont have a house in North Carolina when i have that ill be happy
Me too : when/where are you planning on doing it?
RT : Holy cow, I had now idea.
Wah.
I had a 16 miler planned.
Lights please
She a MySpace freak, a MySpace freak
My team has really been working hard to help Carithers Flowers increase revenues  professortability during the Holidays.
The plan is working!
These teams both have good P, but w/ lots more possessions.
RT Bo Ryan does not approve of the pace.
RT aspnet devs, every time you use the AppCode folder in a Web Application project to house business code, a kitten dies.
Come in and join us for a beer!
Hi everyone
The field is beautiful; it is the baseball played there that is ugly.
check out my Facebook page!
and look at the artwork i got for sale!
check them out!
:
Everyone was cheering, he's still floating!
same here in nyc
Is officially wiped out!
and I'm Lexi :
thats life these days
Get on the VIP list for the after party for no cover before 11:30pm.......Message us with name and number of guests
Happy birthday!:
Can OKC get 40 Point Lead?
yeah...
until 9 tonight.
Quarterly taxes are due on April15th.
Pay online with your credit or debit card at www.payusatax.com.
I'm in a glasscase of emotion...because of all these anchormansequel tweets
now following
pitono's not proven in a long time that he can develop/manage elite talent so he can't get who he wants anymore
lol ice cream is my weakness lol.
I want that all the time.
I'm a dairyholic Hahaha
I need to have an itemized talk with my kids about how the world is full of idiots like Derbyshire
IVE BEEN DAY AND NIGHT TRYING TO MAKE YOU FOLLOW ME .
IS TODAY THE DAY ?
Just put my dashboard back together and cleared a few codes.
Watching Ghost Protocol, then a test doctorve
If I wrote a blog post about how much I despise Windows 8 I would be giving it too much time.
And all of RVA cried into their green beers.
Feeling crafty today.
YLiving: What makes a healthy breakfast?
One of each of whole grains, lowfat protein, lowfat dairy, fruits  veggies pack a healthy punch!
: Cant wait to be n Vegas this Weekend with my producer Finishing the album at  We can't wait either!!
Good job osubaseball !!!!!
tbd, I audited a class  the U this semester to be sure it's what i want, so just giving myself a breather once it's done!
ASKKIAN whats your favorite horror movie?
Basketball 101: A confident shooter doesn't let anything bother them...they know they'll make the next one.
off to take a nap before DWTS and work.
night all
Happy MothersDay to the Loyno community!
Oh, fifthwheel feeling, you are almost as much fun as thirdwheel!
Love you!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
RT : Count on a Sagittarius to say something you do not want to hear, yet is the truth anyway.
Thats how they roll!
Be obscure clearly.
E.
B.
White
Johanna is up!
So stressful.
Give it to James jones to shoot
then go have your fun too!!
Lots of new followers this week!
We can only assume you're joining us on March 25th in the Cass Corridor?
So like what should I say?
hey Zayn may I pretty please kiss ur sexy cheek?
or hey Zayn can I please tell you something?
THEN KISS HIM
I'm going to stop cursing
You are welcome!
I'm very good and you?
Hm!
My experience is exactly the reverse.
I get exposed to a wider range of folks on T, but more depth on FB.
exclusive means we will be selling one shirt at wholesale cost.
community for a limited time.
lol yup ask alex what it means
that would be cool.
Just needs to fit on 3x4 tags with room for name and institution.
OMG!!!
11585.
THE FAKERS GOT THE COWBOY SHIT BEAT OUT OF THEM.
LMAO!!!
i'm going to school reguardless because of the alg 2 eoc
If you can bundle blocking paper.li announcements, I'd pay money for your methods!
You are my idol i hope someday ill be as beautiful and talented as you :
I haven't tweeted in all day 
so happy for Smoak and just as impressed by Noesi's 1st.
Thanku little sister for buying me a Justin bieber pillow ase even though u know I hate pillow cases
No other words than this: Hat trick hero!
Some champs to celebrate the end of a wonderful
she pisses me off.
Lol.
I'll be at your house tomorrow riding.
That's what I'm waiting on to take my bike to your house.
Indians hit barrage!
I went to go see some gypsy to tell me my future, but she asked for my photograph instead.
itz me the one who was talkin to u last time !!!
starts at 4pm.
come get sunny munny :
kind of scary to imagine what needs military wiping!!!!
Don't get your hooves in a twist!
Good morning everyone!
When I die, so does hip hop Emeniem
No school today or tomorrow for me.
worried 
Had a fabulous lunch today with an incredible woman who shared her wisdom, insight and support.
So grateful for her time and leadership!
Broadway bar tonight!!!who's ready???????
Email us if you have a group of girls...
Or a party celebration,We got you!!!
hey girl what's up
Lots of engagement and questions at sxsw panel on
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 21:36 with Nike GPS.
amen!
I need your booking ...
Just recommended you for a bahamas date!
Call me 2672578136
HAHAHA!
Ohh Marc RT IM LOCKED IN THE BACKYARD.
COME OPEN IT!!!!!!
Just keeps getting better.
:
Killeen in the City...has a nice ring to it, don't you think?
lol Not too much in the way of escapades to report.
the coaches vote in reserves and ok.
U take a 36 yr kidd and 34 yr old terry.
I'm done lol
Condescending Wonka on Twitter...in Yiddish?
Love all that you're doing to make changes in the world
O.O kinda jelly :3 lolol
Okay.
I think these jeans show a little too much in the front.
LOL
i lost it kid.
If your following me, their's no reason why your not following follow them,they're the future
Countdown to kickoff of Cast's Team Dynamics seminar!
Great teams amplify each member's contribution  resource for impact.
she craked itt  but she says she funna get me a new juan ;p so ill give u mine wen i get it ;p
Around this time, It was prom time
Honestly can't get enough of watching
great meeting you.
Let's enjoy a cocktail this evening!
Miami v VA Tech.....wow!
Please never end.
What do you want from me Mark?
no answer???:/Call in the morning thoe!:3
Nice day part 2
When it matters...it matters.
WooHoo!
Glad it was a success!
Bummed we couldn't make it!
Keep us updated on other events!
Bout to get on the road Cincinnati here I come
your a comedian
And anyway, didn't you see he's already on twitter: ;
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
its been died since december?
!
Come by the shop today to chat up guest worker and filmmaker Michael Tolkin!
if by that you mean this day is doctorgging ass like an itchy dog then yes, I'll agree.
omg yes!
whatssss up world
I hate bad weather
: Tonight we're at Kuppajoe in Fresno with some great bands!
Come hang!
lol did she tell u how she almost got left on the field trip!
Hollywood blaming economy for slow ticket sales.
And here I thought it was the poorly written screenplays, rehashed ideas and Jack and Jill
hey Austin!
I love you!
Hopefully someday you'll tweet me :D
Exactly.
Me and tha homie gotta be related.
Its freeeezzziinggg i need to be in Miami right now
asdfghjkl.
my mom is behind me and i want to go on tumblr but there's random porn.
fuck
I hate ending my tweets on am odd number off Characters...
My OCD kicks in!
Prez Obama with UK Champs at the Whitehouse...
sometimes talent triumphs experience
Cereal Takeover: Chinese Firm Buys Weetabix
RT : cuz you so sexeh // I'm too sexy for Milan, too sexy for Milan, New York and Japan....
Is it vane to like your own post?
YouCantSayYouGrownIf you spend yo last lil bit of money on a nigga instead of using it for yo kids
thanks!
Means a lot coming from you
Can't forget to mention the beverages !
doctornks will be a beer flight, German Chocolate Cake Martini, and a Nut n Honey cocktail
2ThingsIAppreciate true doctorends n having haters
cake mix lol
i LOVE YOU Torri.
What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple.
Whether you are willing to do it, that's another matter.
2012 Miami Marlins  2011 Philadelphia Eagles
the perfect girl at
That's cool.
I didn't know you were such a museum authority.
Lol.
Absolutely a great event.
and I were still discussing it this morning.
So glad we got to be there!
All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go!
Work, work, work...leggoohh!
lol.
That was intense XD at least the part that I wuz there for
Leaving Lexington!
:/ Concert was amazing!
RT : It is tragic that so many of the leading gay newspapers closed today!
Don't we have to ask who is doctorving the notion of obesity and who makes money out of destabilising all our appetites.......
Monday music update time!
Today: Ghostland Observatory is waking me up.
nice!
Enjoy!
sending you lots n lots of energy and love today!
Hang in there!
Xoxo : 
Zelda Ocarana of time !
Best game ever
Always expect the unexpected in boxing!
But, we Lovett!
no prob, love reading u everyday
Arkansas aye do a skype call wit me
Listening to pointofneed conversations This is the part of that blows my mind.
Stay tuned, free lite version due out soon!
Shhh :
No rush.
She's close so its alright.
God morning :
withorwithoutyou Thanks for the U2 earworm Twitter!
Can we please start the NFLdoctorft early  fast forward to all the Packers picks!!
Work your magic ;
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
Maryland mens lacrosse stifles Johns Hopkins in 108th edition of rivalry game
At olive garden with Brandon 3
That's awesome Paul!
Happy for you and C.

If you pub'd an abstract 2.5yrs before a similar study scooped you in a journal, could you still get hire/tenure intellectual credits?
Thank you for the follow!
Them Asians got that reflex, kid.
it was so good seeing my babe :D love her
Everyone read last tweets lol
Every girl at prom would immediately strip nude with excitement.
Getting all set to shoot the new organic line for For my little preview you girls are going to love the new line!
Cool stuff!
hey there!
Beautiful day for Michael  Melissa's wedding!
Hair and makeup !
florida, and then chicago!
I'm excited for you today.
my gpa was a 3.75 and i doctornk excessively and do a lot of doctorgs.
I can't wait to say...hey hey hey Daddy
that medicine was actually filled with little tiny people that would fix whatever is wrong with you..
lol we devoloped a weird relationship but never worked out, she never fully opened up to me so gave up
Thanks for baking more WW boules so we late shoppers can find em!
Asked the bake dept  presto more boules in the eve.
Yum!
Wait, I need to review this logic.
Haven't looked at that conversation since last night.
If Joshua Ledet is in the bottom three tomorrow night, I'm giving up Well, not really, but I will be upset.
Remembering once , out on the beaches, we wore pineapple grass bracelets
iam glad that nigga stop following me.
that means he wasnt supposed to be..
that makes me happy
Prayers to the guy who crashed his bike and was facedown on the highway for 15 mins til the ambulance came.
Able to lift his head.
That's GN
Like you, I'm new on Twitter and curious about these things as well.
can't believe this time next year ill be living in my own place FOR GOOD and working as a nurse
Half: knotted up at 24 with Hendoctorx.
.
SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..2 doctorNKS..SEE THE VIDEO WWW.G1PARTY.COM
A 35 million donation for new dinosaur hall  Philadelphia Inquirer
Hugs and thanks to and for helping out with our bubbles and playdough doctorve!
If you can help, too, please DM!
I love Madonna.....
Dope half time show!
see, what would you do without me?
Ridiculously overwhelming week.
I see a solitary reset weekend in my future.
Losing people you care about can be rough.
But when they dont have to suffer anymore thats a real blessing
Oops, remove the was from my last tweet.
done with bio for three whole months
Two pots of my Go Bash Squash DePauw Vegetarian Chili are ready.
Come  taste chili at 1st Annual Unofficial MononBell Chili Throwdown!
Dog purse!
8!
Let the damn things walk!
What's up on the world?
:
Continuing to work on next beta release of Interlink for CommitCRM.
Posted new screencasts to vimeo and CommitCRM forums today.
Phoenix could not have been better...
Time to go home to the kids!!
Thank you to Scott High School for hosting NKYSPORTS tonight!
Great hospitality all around!
I stay TRUE to mine.
U should try that some time.
Or u thought we ain't know LOL B gone
so do you calculate human emotion in your investment analysis??How does that work?
No problem, looking forward to hearing you succeed!!
100ThingsiHate when people have stank breath.
: We all know a douche bag named Noah.
BOYFRIENdoctorview I think BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made : proudbelieber 68
When you've obviously lost interest but you continue to say you care.
all safe and sound.
Thanks!
Much love to you mister Nate!
What was that word that guy said wrong?
How did I forget this?
God has a funny sense of humor.
Yat welcomes author Linda daugherty in town tonight from Dallas for a preview of her show don't u luv me?
www.yatkids.org
I'm new here too, guess I better learn that protocol too.
LOL !
Like I'm gonna sweat it.
At 70 , ha ha!
The what?
What's EWGC?
Why are so many people so quick to pass judgement about a person based only on there's appearance?
: What's the news on the doctorft.
In away from tv jags doctorfted a punter
You'll just have to show up to find out!
ok I was going to say who I need to go ham on.
I will hop in the car and doctorve back lol
It's time to play the music!
It's time to light the lights!
t's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight!
On My Way Home Just Wanna Let Ya Know If Ya doctorams Dont Scare You Then They Not Big Enough
doctoram last night about the last Spanish class I took.
I had to give a lecture on a celebrity: El Monstruo de Galletas :
Why am I up?
It really is amazing that nobody was seriously injured.
smart.
Now they won't think it was you
waves To My New Followers 
Stay close for Rob Juice's Brand New Christmas CD 'From the Heart' to be released Thankgiving night at 9:00pm CST..
Just started The Help.
Already on page 50.
I am greatly enjoying this book.
I've done that at your place before too!
Can I sit next to you as you watch.?
YEE 600kMahomies!
OUR FAM KEEPS GETTING BIGGER AND BIGGER!
So people actually use this YOLO phrase eh?
And its not ironic?
why do you only follow ?
Aggh I can't go to sleep, because I can't find my pajamas!!
been up for 32 hours!!!
help!!!
Bro my dad pissing me off...
wtf my nigga
had climax on replay all day
Merry Christmas everyone!
all day nigga....
Oligarchs money!
Why would you doubt following your doctorams...
It is only the Devil's scheme to keep you from waking to each day excited about living.
Charles Barkley always so honest lol
I don't want a bird or a sheep, I want a MAN
If regular humans could interact with me as if they were not students, that would be a good thing.
i forgot what it was.
shoot it to me
A7 Depends on where I'm at.
Public transport when i can.
haha okay i'm here at home lol I shall see you shortly my dear :
9/11...
War on terrorism continues and we will win!
Jesus, the first and last.
Just walked into McDonalds with no pants on:D
i'll be there!
Let's link for sure
FASHION TIP: Cute socks are the rage this season, invest in some fun pairs to update your look.
Wednesday Wellness: COLOR MEDITATION Identify which color you feel you need in order to balance your physical, emotional or mental...
She's got everything delightful
One thing I want before I die, is to totally not be aware of the moment I die
Just got back from North Star, today was awesome m/
thank you for your effort!
Carroll Shelby was also one of our greatest exponents and connoisseurs of America's unofficial national dish: chili!
GIC started off great, now on a break till things get going non stop in a few hours.
Praise God for smoothies to keep us going!
Doug Collins: Our young guys just keep growing, and they're really becoming men.
The Dhammapada For hatred does not cease by hatred at any time hatred ceases by love  this is an old rule.
My day was okay i guess...
im glad to be put of school.
Im ready for thursday!
How was your day?;
Happy Black History Month
The AAUP 2012 Faculty Salary Survey bothers me because it's only showing part of the picture; what about all the adjunct faculty?
its time to take this series back to NY
Happy Birthday!!!
Hey I came across 2 of your movies.
I didn't watch em though, i need to know where u live by, lookin 4 hotels.
call me
I can smell da Summertime n da air!!!
oh cool ha
Oh interesting.
Could be a weird coincidence, but I'm going to make some contacts about it...
They lost me at the first O yeah!
the pic is protected..
can't see it infortunately
Will the real Terrence Jones please stand up?
I have finished recording, and now the album is off for its finishing touches:
at work, u know u never came got those cookies
STOP STARING AT ME EVERY TIME I PASS YOU IN THE MORNINGS AND WISPER TO THE PPL I USED TO KNOW!
say it to my face and stop asking dumb things
I see your truly colors shining through...
Yes he is.
: is blas still figthin tomorrow?
Have you tried BIG RED'S STEAKS???
Best philly cheese steaks in Madison!!
Order through S2YD.com and get FREE fries w/ any sandwhich
If erection last longer than 4 hours get medical help or jus go rod some shit out
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mommies out there, including my own!
good luck and have fun
RT : Fuck Star Wars  Avengers, we lost a Beastie Boy today, people.
RIP MCA
Tom Pagnozzi's nephew!
Um, like 15 years ago.
I want to go see the lucky one ...
and looks like you guys are going to have to come with!
pizza hut moving too slow..im starving
Peace, kindness and love to all.
Today will be a great day!!
;
: If City beat Wolves now, the title WILL be decided by who wins next weekend.
Great for the neutrals.
Not for moi.
Packing.
Vacation starts tomorrow.
Hey guys!
Who wants to give me a shout out??
;
awww, thank you.
Glad you liked it.
:
Subway is clearly for lovers.
1.
in the library.
2.
what do i even do first??
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since yesterday :/ I hope he's okay 3
i had my son at home but it's kool tho
God is SO amazing!
Sovereign.
lol Z dont get caught or if not...
U CANT TWEET!!
...
but I doubt u will notice my tweets muchlove PlzFollow : SWAG LuvYa :D
Someplace to be Flying by Charles de Lint.
Very different...
Tonight sucks.
Just got back from Fantabuloso and it was amazing I even got to touch hand :D
Come in today and get a therapeutic massage to start your weekend off right.
Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your 10 off coupon.
they put laxatives in the ketchup or something
that's what I'm workin on cuz!!
What u on today fam?
He's right though.....1am is just too late.
I feel that way now that NFL ends at midnight on Sun/Mon re: Herd
Like, that awesome website?
That amazing website you could never live without?
We're dyin' here wondering.
That's true.
But it is possible to keep focus and still enjoy the ride.
Great to see  tonight at The Barrel Sunday night mic in Sherman Oaks.
Check it out!
Good luck tomorrow!
:D
I didn't think James Neal was gunna get suspended
When you follow so many Colorado tweeters, you just have to accept the liberal use of epic.
Grizzlies!
Let's go!
Like BBM RT : My favorite feature of iMessage is the little read indicator.
I wish everyone would turn it on.
It saves communication.
Wow the Hoover twin tank steam mop really is awesome.
It cleans the floors really good
Its not ok to wear a boot to show a fake injury..: You can't reveal results of doctorg tests in college.Privacy issues
finished initial review of doinitinthepark footage!
might need some more material though...
In Sandoctor 3 The horses!
5 minute class.
haha yeah..
i went to kings vs canucks when i was in LA for the rose bowl so if they win the cup that would b sweet
Please don't go.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
might wanna google that and see who been rocking the name for years my g
we forget our doctorams sometimes......
sometimes we just forget to doctoram....
If u tell the truth it becomes a part of ur past.If u lie it becomes a part of ur future
Morning Glorydisappointing.
Harrison Ford whispered  growled thru entire movie.
Need good rentals.
Suggestions?
Pain only hurts if there open wounds otherwise it's just fatigue....smh
When I'm around him all I can think about is him
CONGRATES I DO LUV BEING A MOMMY GREATEST THING IN LIFE HUGS TO U
Goal of the Day: Find 20 minutes each day to just sit and read a book.
It's a great way to relax and have some personal time!
completely forgot it was cinco de mayo yesterday.
lol
From my heart to the heavens, Jesus be the center.
It's all about you.
Cover letter writing!
nope, it may have started there but I distinctly heard it as it passed my lips.
I think I snarled as well.
2nd Panel: Spark Talks: Constellation of AdvocatesEmerging Trends and Rapid Technologies in the Baltimore Region
Reputation is for time but character is for eternity.
J.
B.
Gough
It was okay not so good but not so bad.
How was yours?
The May issue of has a great 2 page spread on walking and techniques!
You can get more out of it with proper form.
No.
She thinks you look like a monkey with no hair.
MT : So, Audoctory thinks I look like a monkey?
Happy Friday everyone.
Have a great weekend.
SAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!
OH MY GOSH!
I MISS YOU SO MUCH!
It's at 10 not 11 listening to Roll it Girl now to get ready for Miami Carnival in the Gardens meeting!
what was it like starring in all three high school musicals ?
SUMMER SALE !!!!
WE HAVE UP TO  45 DISCOUNT ON ALL ITEMS...:
Thank you!
Ugh.
Do people confuse Colorado State University and University of Colorado?
Do you have to open graves to find girls to fall in love with?
The Mummy
Aww thank you!
:
I'll never be mister.
Future Mahone.
At least I can doctoram of being 's wife.
:'
Cubs Win!
Hey you should keep going to games, you're clearly the Cubs good luck charm :P
pretty view of the water!
Did you attend 's session on Discoverability?
Talked a lot about similar ideas.
Excellent post, thanks for sharing.
Tabs with the two run homer!
Tie it up
Aargh!
SO many new things I want to share from Twitter with those who don't yet tweet.
Keep the great sites coming!
thank you very much
its uploaded to my members page : available for download only...
so has anyone answered?
easy now inferior my ass check the score
Wknd traffic has started.
Just a gorgeous day!
Need background for a Monday shoot.
message me if interested.
nigga u fat
So glad Wikipedia is back.
How else am I supposed to research?
The library?
It tastes good, just gotta work on an appearance now.
I wonder can I design something?
Track meet today,,trying to get to
The power of intention and prayer is greatly amplified when two or more people pray together.
100K followers with only 3 tweets?
When will this trend?
That was a business move for tickets.
Felton hurt me more to me.
He ran the team well.
Did like Gallo too.
Hoping to see your smiling faces tomorrow at 10am to learn about our newest coffee, Columbia El Meridiano Microlot!
Any other night and they'd be mine.
1800PRINTING IS NEW YORK CITY 1 CLUB PRINTER!
PRINTING AND GRAPHIC DESIGN SPECIALS!!!
never man .
He is kool .
dcweek very cool presentation about
Robin Williams on Letterman, love 'em both
Nothing Bro..!
can i sing you both a song via typing?
ANSWER FOR YES, DONT ANSWER FOR YES x
I dont like is so raw!
speedy recovery for my Uncle Jasen
I'm sure no matter which country wins, he will visit the other countries in years to come, but I'm still worried ...
Absolutely.
Anytime work better for you?
My schedule is pretty flexible later today and Thursday.
you're welcome :
: Junior Seau.
Shocked.
He was a wrecking ball on the field.
apparently in his personal life as well.
why is dat
Curved headsets.
Really, should I be online?
Watching Kentucky lose in any sport is fun.
Lady Vols by 31.
u still going?
Hipster barista says I have cool hair
Students have access to more than just textbooks for learning.
Digital flashcards, iPad and iPhone apps help students succeed.
I wonder what it's like to be one of those people excited to be ringing the New York Stock Exchange closing bell.
Yes!
No lights or electricity allowed!
Bob Marley Pandora is officially my new favorite....
don't know why I never created it sooner.
Can't go wrong with good reggae.
at the same damn time :
Happy Friday!
Have a great weekend!
I love You
Be conscious of what you allow into your subconscious!
RT : Today is Earth Day.
Which means you can probably find Wind and Fire down at the bar being bitter and jaded
Yes.
Episode 508 in reg.
HD.
Just checked again.
Both are functional.
My aunt is on twitter Oo
I second that : it would make my day RT : So will the mail vlog be posted today?
Please?
haha, thank you!
:
I can't believe the released you, they don't know how to handle talent
no surprise...
wins Best Overall Site at mw2012 Huge congrats and welldeserved!!
can't wait to hear it!
Love ur music
Life has taught me that
Look for the announcement of official Fan Club!
I am freakin' tired today!
I don't think it gets any better this week though.
Not a bad thing!
EROCK
Jones: To build the business case for social insurance, we must incorporate social insurance into sustainability goals
Need a good cry....watch coming home on the lifetime channel
Yes it was
R.I.P to all the people that died on 911.
333
how fun it's almost Vegas time getting very excitied
Eminem sleeper star of SuperBowl ads.
I'm on my way to buy a car and doctornk some tea.
Lipton and
Thrilled about the kickass day ahead of me but bummed I can't be 2 places at once.
It's Brookland community yard sale day!!
I don't like texting
if you think that's crazy try talking to cust on the phone as your job then you see crazy!!
lol
Let's go Arkansas!
Like a week still : haha thats a long time :P
is now tweeting!
Tell your friends to follow us.
It seems to me that I've lived my life like a french fry in the wind.
weird people 
hi!
unix photos biker perl so with the exception of perl, I must say: brilliant ;
I'm lost.
Not physcially, but mentally.
Yankees better get a win today or the have no chance or coming back to Bronx.
Salads made, quinoa cooked, muffins baking, veggies chopped.
Ready for the rest of a VERY busy week.
Interview went well!
I love that she's all IN during her mommy season though.
I just can't seem to do it.
So happy 2morrow is Friday :
I'm still dancing and it's only Thursday baby!
Gridlock could be just what this country needs.
The Do Nothing plan.
whatever it is sucks to be you
thanks for the response though.
If your not at work than I hope your on vacation!
Home stretch then I'm done, I gotta keep going and stay motivated
Billy Crystal LOL to your name here theatre  so weird that it's nameless right now.
We are right down the street right now!
Anna
Update: it seems that Wonderful Brenda is in fact a real postmistress.
Some people have promised to check if she receives SB's postcard.
If there's an algorithm for AmericanBritish punctuation I would love to know where it is.
lml, lets ask him .
have you tries green smoothies?
I like spanish/mexican candy:/
did you come back with any classic Australian tunes, newly learnt or appreciated?
We are pleased to announce that Sponsorship Opportunities are available at Analytrix HPLC 2224 Oct, 2012 at Chicago, USA.
yes you will.
Bringing a bottle and some hot dog buns.
Lol
I didn't like them at first, but they're growing on me.
I have to agree with every charge!
That was my post on Buzzfeed.
Have you and ever met?
Thanks!
Let me know if you make anything with Loom!
Yay!
We've very excited!
Have a great Thanksgiving.
Lmmmaaoo why are you grounded?
I wonder how early is too early to ask about the Comiccon Aushole party???
thanks shadderz3 you're good with advice!
I blame you, strange kinky Merlin porn from wonderfully organised and tagged Merlin kink meme
Best tip from ProsComeHome: Create relationships with your professorssors  take advantage of office hours!
love the sweater, where's it from?
Happy Friday.
dont get all mushy on me now lol
you can't use both.
If you like edm  Spencer  Hill/Nadia Ali  Believe It
If Barbie is so popular, then why do you have to buy her friends?
I was thinking about your flops...
No, Yay was to Toni's come and visit comment.
you will make me like the happiest person ever if you follow me
Check out all my new YouTube videos
lol and i thought it was cute when he tweeted a fan Happy Birthday babe 33333333333
Good Thursday morning AVTweeps!
Every moment in time remind your self you are living in gratitude.
who is your favorite squad member in the series?
If you HAD to pick?
I wanna go back to holiday world!!!
good night:
schoolmemories being the teachers favorite :
Does anyone know if the AIMS or CREW workshop tweets from last week are available anywhere?
Who loves Chinese food?
I love it so much I would marry a chinese girl for it  actually taking some to work 
hi how are u from where are you
You are becoming Upstate NY's UX rockstar!
Congrats!
I know right.
When you get a penis picture that you didn't ask for and dude have the nerve to be on flat, isn't that one of the
Happy Fourth of July!
All of us are trying 2 figure a way to game the test.
Standardsbased instruction does not translate 2a bubble test
ToBeHonest screamo music makes me calm.
Yes!
I Love what God does with hearts!
sure.
Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
The Loveable Rogues
Was just told my computer looks brand new and that I could probably sell it at 700...any takers?!?
I'm learning more and more how to properly deal w/ ignorant ppl
I hate that one pretty girl at my school that every guy is dying to date.
People want to kno why i dnt tlk to a lot of old friends ....
I simply just dnt fuk wit fake hoes...
another dps training, another day of learning how to select all and search.
is this for real?
New, fresh strawberries just came in from Salinas/Victorville!
YUM!!!
just found out my senior portfolio presentation is due tmister...
Great news!
Congratulations, Cindy!
Will timthomas be the difference today in the redwings vs.
bruins rematch?
Sources close to me say no.
This is greatI'm so glad we connected.
Go for serendipity!
this guy is!
Make my week
My stepmother encouraged me to push my products harder then last year.
I will do it without doubt
I'm in cape cod and thinking of ordering a cape cod from the bartender just to be a dick.
How much did you get yours btw?
to ride my ripstick
yeah that was my reaction too!!
Soon followed by a happy dance lol :
oh thats good to hear :
Meet Abbey  A Yorkshire Terrier Yorkie Mix in Laton, CA...she needs a loving home!
I also have extremely doctor skin so I feel ur pain.When u say u will break u out, does that mean that ur sensitive to products?
salute!
Thanks for the luv!
Hope all that goes your way also!
I'm quite annoyed that onedirection 's fans are a bunch of little girls..
they're music is too good for that.
Its all about their songs!
Well yeah.
He was a Marine .
You are so sweet!
have a great weekend :
lmao cold blooded
The elephant in the room RT If anyone hailing 4team playoff is willing to bet their net worth it'll stay 4 over thru 2025....
: how about partnering up w/ to provide TexttoPay monthly Rent via text message for your renters?
.
Great to see you as well Awesome Dawson!
thank you for the rt did you dm me your addoctorss?
I'm happy to hook you up!
got it.
its great.
you singing in it made it even better.
you blended well.
it was worth it.
u done a great job with her.
this 1 is bad ass!
it scares me too..
my heart just hurt thinking about it.
hahaha it was like crap here we go.
You guys get a TD we lose 30 yards lol
O darn if I would've left a lil earlier I would've had time to get a fish sandwich,shrimp,crab legs and some fries..maybe tomorrow :
Great cover story in the 6/13/2011 issue of CQ Weekly on US voters' ignorance of how the federal budget works and its policy implications.
hello mister Tobias ; hahaa, follow please?
x
Cuz of that massive head of yours :p
Wish this game would end So we CAN get an update on !!!
Sure, and thanks for asking!
The entrepreneurial shift includes great resources at our fingertips.
We have the ability to reach thousands of people for free...
Jesus taught forgiveness, mercy, humility.
The Christian church teaches condemnation, retribution, and punishment by death.
Awesome listening to Stephen Miles, Vice Chairman of Heidoctorck  Struggles, share about career moves, mentors that matter and transitions.
let's see how sexy niallhoran liampayne and zayn are in
RT : RT : Text HAITI' to 90999 to donate 10 to This is a painless  legitimate way to help!!!
As a kid hunting for back issues back in the day, I always found Smith's books to be pricey.
we're almost done editing the interview.
Hope you had a great day today!
:
BMI  LAX for 277  who wants to go to sunny SoCal with me over spring break?
SCAN group will be speaking soon.
Nope.
But the headless one was running from the cops.
Guess cops won in the end.
I'll bet there...save me a seat.
Wassup my people?:
RT Leaky Cellphone Nets Can Give Attackers Your Location: alphadogg writes GSM cellular networks leak enough locat......
Thanks for voting us 2 best coffee house in 614's ColumBest 2012!
wlc11 43 don't know or care who will be Republican presidential nominee
Thinking South Africa right now.
happy birthday to a legend
Probably almost quit because this guy intimidated him in a 2005 WIAA playoff game!
Totally geeked out over
wish I knew the answer to that..we'll have to wait and see.
: Early to bed  early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy  wise.
English Proverb your point?
lol ;
With so many people out of work.
Our goal is to help people.
We now invite you to join SmartGuy.com for FREE.
It's all about helping others.
yea it's down for me as well
watching Kansas vs Kentucky love basketball season!
Free Fallin' aint just a song by Tom Petty.
That's good.
Saw a gorgeous heritage breed chicken either killed by a cat/dog, or hit by a car in Hampden this morning.
To Mac for breakfast 
tech2012 spectrum is owned by the public.
Same with public rights of way for copper.
...
What is sad and emotional, is that you guys carpool...
Be happy and doctorve yourself home !
lol !
...
: ...
My throat hurts so bad.
I hate colds.
They bite...
the big one.
Thanks for the mention!
when will I know if I have one?
How many different ways can you make your customers feel important?
Hey Sister

oh yeah edit...I'm on your rt!
Lol and I'm sober!!
Tweet number 1600

why am i not doctornk wit CaLiiBaBii?
How you instantly get tired after crying
I just realized I really like disco music.
get ur ASS in gear....xoxo!
;
PLEASE COME JOIN US AT OUR BACK TO SCHOOL NIGHT IN RIVERSIDE AND ENTER FOR A CHANCE TO WIN AN IPOD SHUFFLE!
DM ME FOR MORE INFORMATION.
Sixth Man!
Does anyone besides use the word Longevity ??
lol
Spoiler!
See Who Went Home on Dancing With the Stars
that's deep, how do you really feel ?
My work password has now officially included everyone of my sisters names.
Thanks for the RT!
We're honored for Yehuda Bauer to speak about the Holocaust today at
Bummed that Randy Macho Man Savage didn't make it to see world end tomorrow :
Doing the most!
You're welcome.
I most certainly am!
:
Just watched someone turn on their left turn signal and change lanes, into the right lane...
The thing I miss most right now!!
My friends!!
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.
Benjamin Disraeli
Enjoying the last few minuets I have of being a twelve year old :
: Mixed da Molly wit da Lean and now I'm no longer tiredis the shit good bro
It's OPENING NIGHT for Someone Who'll Watch Over Me?
Call 4142780765 for tickets!
The first five days after the weekend are always the hardest.
Thanks bro!
Thanks so much for your support.
Your friends at
Hey there!
Long time no see....
been MIA for awhile.
Doing well?
Went to the MacWorld Show today, found new video editing software to try for my next video, due out next week, Wild Cards on Ancestry.com
2012 free will become the norm
FOLLOW BACK BRUH..
AND CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
your weirdness makes me love you so much more than anyone else!
I'm thinking ahead, of doctorms and percussion and a great music town.
PASIC 2012 is coming to Austin Oct 31  Nov 3.
PercussiveArts yeah!
Just found out am going to Disney for New Years and a cruise in the summer!!!!!!
Ready for tonight
Z.
In other news, it's Friday.
RT : Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
DUCKS to take home ROSES and don't BADGER me about it!
Yea I agree, but from what I've experienced FB ads and sponsored stories were effective in increasing awareness and traffic.
Sweet!
RT : finally tried...
loved it...can't wait to show my family
Food to the hungry twice today!
Congrats!
That's awesome
Hello Columbus!
Ah..
finally Thursday.
lol what do u like
is another good comedy!
Closing Time will be in AnnArbor today!!
Look for us for some FREE tshirts, bottle openers and samples of Closing Time!!!

nails a jumper at the buzzer to give the Blazers a 9997 win over the Mavs in OT.
i just saw the picket line photos.how coule people b so blind?
how could they say things like that?
who r they to judge u????
night world
Speaking of L trains, I discovered some very, very sad news while at Union Station for National Train Day...
Can DM explain why Kauffman had the second highest payroll in baseball in this market?
Wish I could've heard that followup
I'm only tweeting if I get a message directed to me sent to my phone, or if I have a question regarding school stuff.
is in the summer issue of giving his take on the direction of the diversity professorssion.
Pick up a copy today!
Y did ppl think tiger would return at a major?
He needs a warmup tourney, plus too much distraction if 1st tourn back is masters or us open
Fantastic!
Outstanding leadership capacities of notable Pueblo Indian women were highlighted through their own stories
I just found a big bottle of doctor pepper, diet coke and sprite in my fridge.
No regular coke...??
by stafford .
text me .
pffft, saturday school my ass
More packs of 3 Mega Millions lottery tickets to give away,, tune in and be ready to win, Generations 1023/94 1 9781023 when I tell you.
At this point in life I despise young people while having equal distain for older people.
Is the what the blues song Crossroads was about?
Dont be fooled by the colorful packaging and deceptive labeling of beverages.
Many of the products are simply sugar water.
Happy 30th Birthday to Sandy!
Welcome to the Nerdy Thirty club.
I hope Kentucky fans enjoy this title for the 2 to 4 years it's valid.
woo I cant wait!!
IM OUT YALL
Charles Haddon Spurgeon The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
hey i just saw you at lunch lol
You're welcome  GOOD morning!
:
We become addicted to being accepted by an ego doctorven society
when hoes met sally
If You Cant Handle My Worst You Aint Getting My Best ,
LIVE: Tweeting the Congressional French Caucus.
Starting at 10:00am EST.
Stay tuned!
Breaking mental chains hoping to get working brains
I've never had a bb so I can't compare but I LOVE my iPhone!!
Britney Spears looks HORRIBLE nowadays
Nice catch!
Just listened to all the songs by I could find.
You guys are truly amazing!
my god i love meeting with people who know how to write a survey.
thanks Institutional Research!
He's Just Not That Into You was a really good movie.
Much better than I expected it to be
The IHOP Line Looks Like Niggas Been Camping Out For Pancakes..
thank you for laughing!
Watch the New Champions of YouTube!
Just witnessed jit at my school get confronted by the dude smashin his chick !
An he standing there w/the iEatAssFace hahahah
Also, thanks for connecting on here!
Hope your week is off to a grand start!
I know i am.
Unlike u.
Oh BURN
Man i just found out wit BBL mean
ChoiceStreets love for
you arn't funny
Just saw a monster truck in advanced autos parking lot...
No joke.
Oo
oh stop, when you say things like that it really makes me wish you tweeted me more often!!
:
i don't get why his view on this is getting so much coverage...we care because????
Leadership is about creating habits that make you more effective so you can focus on the growth of others.
So good to see you!!
hope you had a lovely birthday!!
:
must be planet fitness haha
let's plan a day to go.
I'm serioussas
dear dmv workers, please disregard those whiny, unprepared, jerks who blame you for things in their life being harder than they have to be.
Stephen A.
has called us boring old  made fun of Patty Mills  Tiago Splitter  yet the Spurs are stil beating the Suns W/O the Big 3.
not the shoulder
We just creative spirits, that's the way GOD made us.
Of course!
One dollar bills coming out her asshole ghettomusic 
Hey DodgerFam are you following us on instagram?
For great pics of your Dodgers  favorite players.
Please follow
Dont treat me like dem other niggas Or ima treat you like dem other Bitches
Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon split after 27 years of marriage.
There's no hope for any of us.
I can't believe tomorrow starts my last week in high school.
and what has prompted this response?
hey Alex can u please RT RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean a lot!
we're always open to new writers.
feel free to toss me an email at
NOT ANYMORE.
I ADOPTED MYSELF SO HA!
i hate haters that hate ppl who hate haters lol
I'm waiting to see how long it takes the NC SC to rule it's unconstitutional.
that was cool as the fam  let's see if we can't link up again b4 the end of the month.
i'm ready when u r!
So i had a doctoram that i moved to San Antonio and became like bestfriends with you and and it was so cool 3
cute and can't ask a million questions, good choice.
My sis's bf hates me right now ha ha
Thanks for helping spread the word!
all time favorite here haha
The possibility of an Eataly coming to Chicago is very exciting!
Lady Gaga admitted that she smokes weed while writing songs.....Must be why she keeps forgetting they've already been written by Madonna.
I quite frankly don't wanna be at herron and my bus pass is expired anyway
Larry Johnson announces that libraries will be included in the Horizon Report within 18 mos!!!
The taxi ads with an obnoxious woman yelling to my doctorver to change direction are really pissing me off.
or Iowa...
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours  you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Paintball  an inspiration for crime and violence  Paintball Blog
In the mood for some GOOD fried fish, suggestions??
schoolmemories runnign from cpos and the deans in the old woodward tryna skip class
I was going to say, I would love to take you to coffee if you were here to take about PR!
Maybe next time!
follow me that's where I tweet:
Dont think so..
hope you feel better
I baby sat all day, and night.
The only thing I want to do is sleep for an hour, why can't I do that?!
Bitch
3WordsForYou Back Off Me
haha no.
my bud's dad built Chris' house so we got to sit in their friends n family section.
A room full of alcohol though!
The mix is just as crucial as any production, just like the color can make or break an edit

Things are going very well, thanks!
Let me know how we can help you too!
Keep us posted and we'll be thinking of you!
You two sound like me this morning, yelling at my cheek for having acne.
I'm sure this beer will help...
GO FLYERS GO BABY BOOOOYAAAAA LET'S DO THIS BOYS
Ball don't lie...!
LoL
it was a bar...but like UFO
: Return the favor follow us
I hate it when I realize I used the word great twice in a one line email.
Found out the problem is a bug in Safari, which is what I was using!
Switched to Firefox and it seems to be good now : Thanks
Wordpress is awesome Wordpress Blog on there.
Thanks for tweet
Did it take?
place looks awesome.
I'll go there Monday probably.
Working hard all year really isn't paying off
Elementary When my cat died.
Cookout at 3 last night was not a good idea
blasting fun.'s new CD and trying to pound out the last of this essay
I want to open a bakery.
: RT I'm pretty sure I just gained 20 lbs by looking at all the food you just pinned
thank you!!!
needing some inspiration.
Less than 19 days: RT : The show is only days away.
Who'll be joining us in Detroit at the booth?
What's up dude?
RoyalWedding ...I saw Katherine's eyes flash when the bishop pronounced them man and wife instead of husband and wife.
sorry what about the rumors?
That seems like the right thing to do.
But then I don't have any furniture for living room!
why is the cheating whore in hes just not into you HAS to be named ANNA?!?!?!?
damn it
How is everyone..?
: I don't use this twitter anymore..
Don't have time.
are you off dm limit yet??
This blows don't feel good been getting sick allday :/
Yeah do it  or email it  and can you add my facebook acct as developer/admin to any 'app' you're building.
Talent is God given.
Be humble.
Fame is mangiven.
Be grateful.
Conceit is selfgiven.
Be careful.
John Wooden Rest in peace.
I Think It's Time You Know I Exist!.
Either Way I Still Love You Alot!
That's great!
I always forget of Jefferson and Lafayette square.
Any indoor spaces you'd recommend as a backup?
We are stoked that everyone had a great turkey day!
Hopefully you're still full from dinner.
China now largest mobile market : Business development impact on multinational law firms
I'd never been to an audition before..
a grotesque carnival of human misery..
Do they just not like ?!
YOU LUCKY BOY.
Playing pacman makes me scream when those ghost are after me!hahaha..:
can you follow me?
because you have too many followers for me to talk to you.
Margaret Mitchell Until youve lost your reputation you never realize what a burden it was.
Hahaha, omfg, my cousin made me listen to that today, so funny.
SHE RATCHET!
hope that went well!
This is exactly what i am talking about.
RT: grabbed his shiznit.Hightailing it back to LI.
Stopping the
we're running normal times...2030 depending on your location
I know right?
I would beat the absolute shit out of them if I ever met who did it.
Sell Privately?
Or Use a Real Estate Agent?
Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home.
When you sit down and consi
Antibodies can be the cause of implantation issues.
After ASKING, RE said, yes, we can check for that.
Annoying I had to ask
u ain't never lie!
so your just on twitter at 2 30 in the am for no reason.
Whata loser
Why yes, I am jamming to the Backstreet Boys right now, thanks for asking :
Never lower your standards to meet someone's expectations.
Ok.
Will look for her to contact me.
Belly Dance Classes Start Today!
We're going to make this a thing, as Barney Stinson would say.
and we hope you had fun at the Geek Gala!!
Um is this that Nickelodeon band?
Ha, why yes it IS Big Time Rush!
s/o 2 on breakin his 1st platinum mixtape!
most underrated rapper out there right now
I'm going to chuck away all my devices and run away into the unknown.
CD Workshop tonight with Marnie Saitta.
:
U cant stop the waves, but u can learn to surf
I know, I know.
It's been a hell of a run.
Good luck in Philly.
Now I Know What Wasz Talking About :
Had a Fantastic instructor meeting!
Really Experienced Teachers and Wonderful Folks!
Just bought a nice cover for my Iphone on ebay.
Great place to buy stuff for the Iphone.
Better than amazon..
: Good Night!!!
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Your instincts are there for a reason.
I know it's tough to listen to them.
One thing that bugs me is questions that start with How are people using People are all different, so people use things differently.
Brass Monkeys tonight.
eminence Thanks so much!
Looking forward to joining the EIS team!
I ain't even mad, oh wait I'm writing an essay, I'm pretty damn mad
Check out our deals on Living Social ......:
You can either complain about the work or do the work not both you either want the project or you want to be home
not a spoiler!
his beauty makes me sad :p
well i don't watch jersey shore, i think its kinda stupid.
i got other things to watch lol
BRING1DTONYC cmon guys, it even rhymes!
trend it!
empty the clip on her 
thanks for the apology.
I still have Philip love, I was just a little offended and shocked that you would say that.
XO
Give Precious a break...watching her kid must be exercise.
Shes working smarter not harder
copypaste This is , you know?
Hails bestfriend anyway.
You should follow this girl because she is the...
HI Thank you so much for your follow.
GOOD LUCK with your release!!!!!
I'm having the kind of day where I feel like maybe Charles Bukowski had all the answers...I need to go home and go to bed.
Yes, that's why I never run on a treadmill : I'm outdoors, rain, shine, snow, hail, bring it :
I miss the old me:'
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be truly happy with what you have.
Yeah but who though?
loved you once,love you still,always have ..always will 3
Set's going up  actors are rehearsing on all cylinders.
It's all coming together.
Who's gonna be there?
4 shows only.
aw you got a cold did u take anything for it yet
19 hours straight to Montana.
Step it up bud.
Wrecked 'Em?
Damn Near Killed 'Em!
GO GET EM.
Okay, american, you're winning me back.
Was already rebooked to an earlier flight bc mine was already delayed.
A
Madness,pure madness...Lol!
This has to be a joke...ESPN NCAAF  Mountain West and Conference USA agree to consolidate for 22member football conference
Again, grandstand all you want...
but you haven't given me any reason to think that my assumptions re trauma are wrong.
: I bet Tebow can get Chickfila on Sunday.
I emailed on Friday  would love to attend the shindig.
Congrats on 10 fab years!
xo
Brand Name Groceries for Free www.downowinfo I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info Ya gotta eat !!
Just confirmed comedian for RITBrickCity 2011!
Stay tuned for announcement!
Had Christmas songs in my head all day.
AH.One more time.AH.
Need to play something else quick and erase it from my head!
Kol HaOt looks forward to greeting Camp Micah teens tomorrow at our Mentschmaker, Mentschmaker, Make Me a Mentsch program.
: Every time you create a text message you increase your chances of arthritis....
we are screwed
i would like more but in like 34 years...
Awesome!
Looking forward to seeing the photos.
I'm going to be there with my son in 2 weeks.
strolling through the Marigny headed to Gene's for a Po'Boy
That Breeze just blew in....
Name it, Claim it...
and grab a pen...!
Why.
Why why why do I keep feeling compelled to get into arguments with people on fb.
SLUMBER PARTY!!!
nyy yankees guys that's why the answer to beating the shift is simply laying down bunt.
It doesn't alter your power stroke.
Baseball 101
www.mwishartpi.com.
My specialty is finding people.
M Wishart Investigations is a full service investigative firm.
Am I the only one who has a bad habit of looking at Twitter during writing time?
What time of day do you reserve for your WIP?
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
People started liking josh h.
after his roll of petta.
Bitches I have loved him sence the first movie I have ever seen him in.
so back off!
Where's a good Middle Eastern restaurant in Seattle?
you fool.
That phrase stands for the acknowledgment that people believe.
It does not condone a particular dogma.
Fool
Apparently sidewalk pooping is the new popular urban sport.
GoodMorning A new day to make another dollar.
Early morning grind time.
Another audition today.
RT : Adding a shirtless Anderson Cooper dancing around in a fireman's hat would only make this halftime show 0.2 percent more gay.
I look better in photos than I do in person.
It doesn't bother me.
Thanks!
Tho the bday was abt 2 weeks ago :
April is Earth Month!
Now thru April 30, 25 of ALL orders will be donated to Clean Water Action of MN!
ThingsweallLOVE falling in love with the 1!!!
Long ass boring day..
But this beat banga bout to kill itt tho
thanks so much!
Have a great week :
I expected to see your picture in the wall..
I only got a couple pictures of people hatting : I NEED more!
Come on people!
help me out: Youll be on my background: !!!!!
Working on pt 2 of my indie rock list today.
If we're lucky, I'll finish and post it tonight!
hehehe thank you.
:
Tweeting like a boss
they kissed ?
the hell.
astd10.
Look for me at the celebration.
I will be the one in pants.
Fun stunt audition yesterday then an awesome Casting Director workshop with Jordan Bass :
Gambino Grammar Nazi  RT : You're RT : Your an idiot.
Somebody DM me something sweet.
.
Tell me im your national anthem.
God is not slack concerning His promises.
If He said it, He will do it.
Hitting sheets, my two cats are being bed hogs.
Goodnight tweeters.
stuff I already teach...History,4 elements,instruments,record study
Aiden has a dentist appointment today.
I can only pray that we have no meltdown.
The joys of
CONdoctorGULATIONS ON YOUR FIRST HASHTAG!
: thanks Jackie.
That was my first hashtag.
gettingthehangofthis.
Did u get your Royal Ink gift certificates?!
Don't miss out!!
50 will get u an 80 value tattoo!!
It's a noBrainer!!
673  1550
Buffalo's heartache?
Lost Dog ???
500 Reward ???
the Poodle is lost in 56789.
Ron Carle from ICMA: Relationships and integrity are the most important elements for successful local govt leadership
Headed to session on strategic leadership in online learning.
Ty Lawson cooking
: Thanks for the doctornk we 3 you / our pleasure!
Thanks for stopping in.
Classes r great though looking 4ward 2 the end of this semester.
You?
RT : How are classes?
Someone didn't enjoy the Top10 plays today.
RT : White powder found in 3 packages at ESPN's mail facility
omg i can't believe its over!
:'
My whole back is red 
giggle giggle scream beer that is my reenactment of the reunion.
what is an alternate reality game?
tell us, !
RT if oh have blue eyes and wish people would see what really on the inside, not whats on the outside.
xoxo, AM
This dude is making love to this atm!
What the fuck
A favorite rose through the ranks tale: Ken Moore, chair of musical instruments at Met Museum, was originally a guard
Witnesses: you win a deposition with ur BRAIN, not your mouth.
So shut up and learn how to listen/think.
el burro hablando de orejas m.
The Play of the Game: Michigan State's miraculous Hail Mary vs.
Wisconsin OR Albert Pujols 3 home runs?
A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up  Mae West
im in love with someone
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 9
You can find open engineering positions on my Twitter!
Off to the Confirmation service.
I am privileged to read the verses each of these young people chose to express their faith!
So tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love?When were apart what ever are you thinking of?What will it take to break this hint of love?
Also, ran into an employee while waiting for my bus who remembered me stopping in at 48th and forest home a few weeks ago...
feels great!
I am!!
Thank youu!!!
What do you call an aardvark in a frying pan?
A lardvark!
: We need you out there!
I really love seeing you play.
We miss you in the 18!
That makes two of us
oh okay :
this week we will get it done for sure.
Not dealing with smalltownusa is an excellent feeling today.
I am so glad I live closer to Chicago.
he pass it to him because that's HIS friend it's hard to score on a team when you have a coexist on the same team
WEsNDY WAS MY 1ST CLASS ND I HAD Afew ppl SHOW UP YET I HAV 20 PEOPLE SIGNED UP 2 MY CLASS.N MOSTLY ALL GOT BACK 2 ME ON SHOWIN UP THIS WEEK
.
Very fun question, !
My film adaptation wish list would include THE TIGER'S WIFE, STATE OF WONDER and PREP.
I'm on iPhone :
AMEN I just lost 60 and Im learning although its great its not all about skinny xoxo u look amazing ur beaut ...
Houston flashback!
Capers at podium talking about Packers first round pick Nick Perry, Charley Casserley on monitor above him!
I'm excited for my next photoshoot tomorrow in
Which national park in the Sunshine State is the only national park that is made up of 95 water?
Baxter and I are single
well goodnight sad to see this weekend go :
that sounds good.
I could go for some nachos.
Julie and I went there once before
M what time and where?
: how much  should i bring?
i would but i cant get that many people to follow you..
sorry..
how bout 5 for 5????
:
meeeh u get to go lol I'm busy tomorrow :O
Bitch sounds so much better in english then in spanish.
what is the red stain on that chair????
Had a good time w Jen.
It feels good to be bros...: Going to see Evan Reeds Play tonigjt.
Agreed.
RT : Some nights the livetweets / online conversations are as interesting as the panel.
new Albanian off grant line rd.
upside down pizza and pretzels w beer cheese.
Do it
aww that sucks :c
Trying Google for yet another run.
Haven't been able to make it stick in my social media rotation, but could be so important for search.
thank you :
that singing voice..just caught that Keith Murray..Nobody Do It Better...sigh...
About to go Office Space on the copy machine!

thanks for being so sweet  sharing the ivy jeanne love!
3 best of luck on the rest of tour.
Ur so pathetic.
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Be sure and check out bar tonight!
A great Thursday night  looking forward 2 talking with them about some ideas!
Theres more to being on twitter than just being pretty.
Although that definitely helps.
Looking for guest bloggers to share their insights on successfulblogging.com.
.
I'm a guy.
I don't like fags.
Dierks is cool.
Scotty sucks.
bro life
Thank you :
At least there's no bull shit .
Just watched this.
Loved it!
I don't want to go to class..
ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS.
Need sleep 
I got G's rock rock n roll tees with no sleeves tats showing tucked in strap showing.
we still poke each other on fb even though i left!!
I'm bout that life tomorrow.
I'll add a lil kush to the mix as well.
you shouldn't have left.
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week:
Got some extra time?
Prime  paint our new Fat Bike corral and get a FREE 4hour rental!
Stop in Friday am!
I love Bartering : 
Happy Mothers Day Paula :
Just be honest....Even If It Hurts!!!
About to join a 2nd gym!!!
WE ARE HERE TO
The Roots killed it.
So good!
great new pic of you two!!
What a pair.
:
: I need some business cardsalways a good investment!
NationalAdoptionDay We need to switch from a nation that aborts childoctorn to one that adopts childoctorn.....
soon after you get home can we please have a cupcake cooking day
Bad news: it's not Friday yet.
Good news: We are CommercialFree !
I like my job but can't stand these people I work with.
Must get motivated!
Every bag of trash left behind costs FoLT 10 that we dont have.
Please pack it out, darlin'
Does NBC count all the times I have watched Parks and Rec on Netflix?
If you want to change the world in the 21st century you need to be able to work across generations
If you're not a celebrity...having more followers then you're following does not make you any more popular
I'm student teaching in Hillsboro right now!
No prob bro we show respect when theyre due.
RT appreciate y'all !!!
Quinn just got much needed a reality check.
Do you struggle to speak under pressure?
Get tips from Sandy Bjorgen on Wed Jan 25 bit.ly/z8Ab7D
Thunder when it's sunny outside
do you need a recipt to CHANGE something , in a hair store even though aint open it ?
cause i lost that shit lol
u gonna come by.
U bettr come by
Silly rabbit...Easter is for Jesus!
thanks for the great show last night.
Pretty Face is a great opener.
Love the smoke vinyl!
Welcome to Maney's new Twitter feed for all tweets about our journals and books in language, literature and culture!
you are such a sweetheart!
been a crusal ass week!!
Just made the echo subsample accurate.
There's some nice comb filtering possibilities now...
On EreThang Big Joe
Mission Valley smells like someone took a dump.
Must be all the Raiders fans in town.
Oomf needs to grow up!
Happy Birthday to and I love you guys!!!
Hope your day was fantastic:
SHE'S A LADY, WOAH WOAH WOAH SHE'S A LADY
Happy Friday followers!
Anyone have plans for some hiking this weekend?
Give us a shout and let us know where you're headed!!
amber and I will be there too!
: janie
.
I would rather be an Obamabot than worry about an R president for 4 or 8 years in 2012.
yeah, that's my concern, a ton of low to mid quality work, but users will find the good stuff  share it  similar to apps
HELP!Does anyone know how2cancel a bid on EBAY?I put in a bid4a 'Mickey Mouse outfit'now it seems i'm6mins away from owning bohis cabinet
Oh sweet Jesus now my father is complaining about the health care bill.
He claims he's not a repub but he is too susceptible to talk radio.
She already landed with Delta.
She will be at Arrivals Downstairs.
Does that work?
Tribal Energy Cardio is so much fun you forget that it's an intense cardio workout.
Check out my DVD on Amazon or www.tribalenergycardio.com
You're a true hoe !
you both look terrific, great pic
Apparently on its way but of course not 100 til final edits.
But yup!
I woke up and immediately laughed :D
he's long gone :
thanks love
are you taking the 111 bus to the Chelsea MBTA hearing tonight or the Lexus?
No valet in Chelsea.
Pay more cah get less :
So nice to see so many childoctorn in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville!
They love it!
thank you, iupui natatorium for burning my face off.
i don't think my face has ever been this red.
That is why I always think I can.
RT : Henry Ford Whether you think you can or whether you think you cant, youre right.
So...this is how it's gonna be.
Wow.
My son also has a heart defect.
Avalanche help Isles get .500.
That's just sad!!
Avalanche should have handled this one easily!!
Off to bed.
Getting ready for a Sunday on Good Morning San Diego.
Join us at 6am  10am!
Why the fuck couldnt eveyone leave me alone im sick i dont even wanna see The Avengers, thats how sick i am.
We exceeded our MFHFH goal!
Thanks for the hard work, looking forward to more helping hearts in 2011.
I am not that hungover
The only thing keeping me awake right now is you.
.
I know exactly what you mean.
I do the same thing.
It can't be perfect, so why do it?
Put it off.
no problem bro, looking forward to hearing the whole track.
I think everyone at the office was watching the Aztecs except me.
I was 2 busy tracking down Bob Marley songs 4 March Marley Madness on
Hawks doin work on Boston!
k guys imma go on my personal account now .
kbailoveyaa3
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music...
To The Fight
By the beard of ZEUS!!!
These oreos are just delight fly.
I think we need to hit up for their 3 tequila special on Wednesdays!
Some fella asked me why baseball is my favorite sport.
Why?
Because I can go from aw shit to fuck yeah in a matter of minutes.
or a talent ; ..do u ever play Hive?
I thought pizza was a pain killer.....
Dear I'm secretly in love with you shhhhhhh don't tell anyone lmfao I still have to come to one of your shows
As previously ranted...
I also hate any and all singing shows, including Smash, The Voice and American Idol.
They suck the joy from my soul
Just got done texting with a friend visiting Turkey.
So cool!
i know!
I never thought i would see that side of him, but hes just asdfghjkl.
Omg.
Lol sexy!
Aztecs just scored.
Goddamn I like working with google maps.
The v3 api is SO GOOD.
oh man!
That is so NOT fun  I hope you feel better as well!!

I want so much for you to meet her!
Fun day for soccer so far....
Arsenal game was fun to watch and now watching Liverpool.
Best way to spend a Sunday morning :
doctorss cant be altered...and has a stain from the manufacturer
Is in the office...
on a sunday?
on Mother's Day?
Hell yeah...
now where is everyone else?
that could have been an emotionally crushing trip for the 76ers
Price would've been out.
I think it's safe to say memorization is not my strong point
Can't wait to see , , and many other great bands at vanswarpedtour this july!!
Why do discount stores sell socks in plastic bags that are resealable?
Do people really care about keeping the unused portion fresh?
haha and this year would have marked my 2nd anniversary as mayor!
I guess it was time ;
Timing is everything.
Ok, I shouldnt ate that....but it was so good....sushi
That moment when you pee your pants and die of happiness because you find out that has the same birthday as you.
NO ACTAUALL YOU RACIST FUCK DO IT TO YOURSELFS:D
You already?
4 free tickets?
Was that an invitation?
hahaha!
do I know you?
Watched soccer match with one other guy at large Pittsburgh sports bar  announcer said 650 million other people were watching it
Thank you!
Spread the word!
:
that sounds so good!
old line already heard dat too much
Yay!!!
And no, same job.
Why you ask??
you know our car is way more live with 5 guys packed into the Sebring
64 off: 10 for 2 doctornks  Appetizer at doctorGONS DEN in the heart of East Village!
Don't let this deal pass you by!
doctornkEatBeforeYouRage
we finally had a chance to watch the 1st  2nd Terra Nova episodes..
LOVE it!!!!
You??
Hahaha yeah I heard he'll be here later
Footlong!
Who's got the footlong!
he went to town and bumped his head and couldnt get up in the morning x:
We cannot use human beingsit is that simple.
It does not matter how much it costs us to stop it.
Just chillen in bed what to do today?
Vote Batman for Homecoming
LOL....I just....I just don't understand people.
You'll have to have one for me too
We thought so...
but we're sort of biased that way...
: Thanks!
wait i did on tv i thought that shit was fake lbs
Am on a serious Ryksopp binge today, and loving every moment of it.
Everything  sold out!!!
GODBLESS THOSE THAT CAN LOVE UNCONDITIONALLY
Or at least not into their librarian/archivist training.
ESS with my boy
Sitting in on David Underwood's Military Button Bingo program !
Go David!
She makes dirty words sound pretty.
3
Going To NYC With My Best Friend!!
Can't wait to see Austin!!!!
A ghost and a skeptic  and I should do more ghosting, editing, writing, or speaking soon, so by all means hire me.
Days like today make me think I wouldn't want to live anywhere else...
I wonder if I'll feel the same way in January...
great to meet you Dale!!
then go to bed lol
come back already!
YAY I love Seattle to
My grandma is an amazing woman, so glad I had a great conversation with her today
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers that do the damn thing for they kids...enjoy y'all day cause I know I will :
Hey now you're an all star get your game on go play
Isaac made a personal youtube account.
Some acoustic songs of ours are up on there.
Check 'em out.
youtube.com/IsaacD1C
I nearly cried when I looked through the kitty sleepover pics.
If I'm ever hogging a bench  sitting on my phone please feel free to smack me across the back of my head so I can do the same to you!
ARGH!
Dog crossed the street using the crosswalk
Up early for work still feel high from last night
did you try new stylist yet?
We just wanted to welcome our new family members in the DCT on Fridays!
We can't wait to see you all play.
My Mom dint like closed doors  so she took mine but my brother kept his.
Wtf
How do you throw out a garbage can?
Heading to bed with the certainty it's going to be 12/7/11 when I wake up in the morning, because no way did today actually happen.
hey jasmine thanks for following US!!
see you soon :
468 1940 Chevy Street Rod 468 Big Block Classic Muscle Car for Sale in MI Vanguard Motor Sales

you're having one of those nights too?
Ha!
Here we go.
RT : Mustard in my cereal  Rondo for the last shot.
Sum of those acts were just weird and unnatural
i suck
I'm doing better tonight.
I talked with my mom about plans for a graveside and what will happen with my grandfather.
It helped.
Commencement is coming to RIT again soon!
What do you remember most from your last weeks at RIT?
What exactly are you wanting?
We would be happy to connect you if possible!
Do they even still make baseball?
Reagan Admin knowingly ignored Zia39;s lies on nweapons: report
The ellen show cracks me up!
so ready for summer!
this is just givin us the fever more!
Allnatural soap gentle enough for sensitive skin
The first day of classes is the same day as the first day of the RNC!
We're on campus checking out preparations.
Going to Palm Beach, FL to speak for Yom HaShoah.
Temple EmanuEl of Palm Beach, Thursday, April 19.
at 7:30 pm Everyone is welcome.
Say what you really mean.
Kate Upton.
Fuck me.
Why the hell would you ruin a good with marriage?
RT : Kate Upton.
Marry me.
Ok Boston, one of the following will happen 2nite 939: Face painting and clowns.
Cooking classes.
Tim solo show.
Find out which!
8pm
hahaha love you!
: the song's meaning would totally plummet if the words were ...but I will lurve you endlessly
Thanks Bryton.
Will be back soon.
RT miss the one and only kicking it with us at pirate city for spring training
Oh my gosh I am still super excited!
And since the official word of a sequel?
I can barely control my fangirling.
Fuck...
now I want some fried pickles and I don't know of a nearby Hooters.
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Hoooooooooooooooooooooterrrrrrrrrrrrsss!!!
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
LOL, I love when they interview pacquiao.
how about an iPad?
I count money you spell words...
Just trying to help you with dollars  cents ..
much respect
happy birthday man!
hope you're doing well.
let's get ramen this week?
No school for me.
I hate being sick.
whatever Tiger
first time I ever spotted you tweeting
Congrats!!!
and thank goodness!
I am having to pry them apart!!
thx for the tip!
Will def check out Las Tinajas  El Nicaragua.
3 the idea of u  coming down!!
cc:
not funny :
RT : Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee this much.
I always forget how my kindle fire can go on the internet:
I was but my old device had issues so I undid jailbreak, up it to 5.1 and got it exchanged it for another 4s that came with 5.0.1
Why no one understands government jargon.
Fire chief: Wild land urban interface.
Translation: Homes near brush that can catch fire.
neverinamillionyears canoe tripping in the BWCA
Vegan creation: Fresh coconut meatcoconut water, raw cacao, banana, agave...crazy good
You want to go there too?: ahh..
I know it, josh.
i m glad alot of people from my school don't have a twitter ..
Busto.
So unbelievably card/spot dead today.
Oh well
On 2nd day of my two week tour in Hawaii  today Kauai
you said the one on top !!
I'm sorry .
:/
oh lAWD!
Highlights or your whole head?!
2012 and we're still using broken image captainha?
How is this possible?
starting now in Milwaukee
Have a great birthday Melody!
Catalina Kitchen is still calling your name!
Enjoy yourself!
Can't wait for tonight!
Best biscuits in Boston and amazing bbq sauces
great panel, audience and conversations on biotechnology DIY lifesciences Good thing we're recording it all
no king midas sound but i can get it for next week's show :
Thank you
It ain't over for Boston yet but it looks like it
Photo of Dalai Lama in Trojan gear made my morning.
fighton!
Come check out the new Mystic HD at our Pacific Beach location!
2 free boosters with purchase of a mystic today!
Fuck it.
Challenge accepted
i'm so boring  i'm approving time cards.
RTRTRTRT : I wish my life was like an 80's movie.
Write a song about Forbidden love or something like that.
And Community!!!!!!
Great news!!
Parks and rec???
Interesting story on NBC's new Rock Center.
Birth tourism...Expectant mothers have babies in US to ensure baby's citizenship, benefits, etc.
Well, not the only reason, but it's one big reason.
That should tell u something about how Independents on the R are..
It's to early to be at school
Are you kidding?
I'm about to break 10,000 followers on Wow!!!
does Palin have nuances?
I always thought nuance was the stuff of intelligent people.
Or at least sophisticated people?
Make sure yall follow the homie
im mention you because i can and you making up shyt about me and that shyt aint cool
Burger king food don't never be hot!!
My new Vans will make things okay today
no I think it is, 2 people just told me it is
FatherGod's Word/SpiritualPrinciples has been preached to many but HIS Word has only professorted those who have added their faith to IT
super great weekend, made it back just in time to watch the nuggets beat orlando and stay in the 6th spot....Go Nuggets, Go Rockies...
Now this lady know them fucking heals are to fucking small for her feet...
her toes hang out super far..
DAMN
different for everyone?
Are your folks on min wage?
Your friends folks?
Pretty sure they work full time jobs
happy mothers day girl!
:
Just walked in on in the middle of a business meeting with a giant pickle.
Her professorssional life is so Dada.
miss u visit u soon cause.I'm not far neeemore ;
OK ...
is amazing.
A walk thru history and so many issues and topics we learn about in class
I miss my momdad.
Massive traffic jam ...
talk of eating me donner party style.
thatcamproadtrip just got real.
cause the bsckground it has wont make it look good.
well arent you SO COOL!
jk jk i feel honored :
she is great
But it is my turn to get excited about Google's logo today!
What is your favorite Ancient Egypt inspired book?
Recalls were started based on act10.
Yet not one dem will mention it.
Cause they know it worked.
Now they make shit up
Whats the name of it and edition?
nite  too bad u will miss chat2lrn tomorrow as will I :
Thanks for the follow.
We love baking with bourbon!
Looking for fun iP8d app that lets you take pictures, edit and print easily.
Photobooth type thingy.
Any favorites?
It's annoying as fuck how you have to be doctorgfree to get certain jobs, yet it's okay to doctornk alcohol.
Assbackwards.
Follow Back Dudes
Listening to the one that got away by katy perry reminds me of /3 it makes me sad..
nicest cashier at Walgreens this morning.
Great to know that there is some good people out there.
this account have problem..
hi!
Do u have Bechets ?
lol I can tell by Xiahou Beiber and so on that you are from Koei Warriors.
Nice...
I speak my mind so it is what it is.
People at my school call me Kenny because when they need protecting they come to me.
Also...
we're both awesome ;D
Humanist speaks out as Christians urged to wear cross  BBC News
I use a Hario V60 for single cups every morning.
Also  my Chemex for larger brews.
So much cleaning!!!
Keep looking at my phone thinking she texted back  Douchebag lol
dude, I get it.
You had it rough, so you're kids shoudl too.
Please stop cc'ing me on this.
You win cc
Great first day at Socap11 today  very inspired by all the energy and forward thinking folks around
Besides Miami, I might go with Boston.
Nothing is impossible.
The word itself says, Im possible!
Audoctory Hepburn
2 fluent, 1 conversational and 2 getting by.
Trying to learn more every day.
Watchin Bullish!t.
EVOO powder?
Elementary.
should've won
My favorite song from iSoundtrack 2 is 'Leave It All To Me'.
well I love root beer
Take a joke
Khloe Kardashian: Come To My Toy doctorve In Dallas!
Hey dolls!
I just wanted to start this post off by saying how warm of a welc
Thank you both!
Good Morning!
3 hope you have a good day!
:
Everyone tweeting me, thank you.
I really need someone to talk to and I have no one to talk to...3
GORGEOUS!
pinned it!
lol
Looks like a beautiful weekend in the Bay area!
What're your weekend plans?
god loves me..
Uninstalled from my andoctorid phone.
It contained undeleteable sponsored bookmarks and served VZW ads based on my carrier.
He like a rock in the sea, unshaken, stands his ground.
Virgil
A criminally undersung film.
Today is gonna be a long one
S/0 to everybody up early and doing something productive with their day.
the only thing that changes when your 18 is you can buy cigs and go to jail lol.
I'm following you
working on a logo for an insurance agency..
inspired by the client's late grandfather's calligraphy work..
hoping it turns out awesome :
Can someone explain to me how spiking the ball on 3rd down made sense there?
I love U All Ova My Heart 
Dont you realize that in a race everyone runs, but only one person gets the prize?
So run to win!...
1 Corinthians 9:2426
Stupid packed !!!!
wildwednesday !!!!!
Happy Valentines Day 
Good Monday Morning.
doctorgging a little this morning but slowly waking up.
This 30 degrees makes me want to go back to bed.
I'm not bad.
I'm just doctorwn that way.
Who Framed Roger Rabbit
oneofthesedays alice, oneofthesedays ...really though is anyone on twitter old enough for that reference?
nothing!!
just about to make some music.
whats up
Earl Grey Green Tea and a stack of Library Journals.
CollectionDevelopment Heaven
Just another reason I despise Just a punk move!
i can tell what kind of mood you are in today ;
's S.Casper reports from his dareproject rehearsal: Office Thriller: A muddlestorm of specificity.
RHOA Cynthia needs to get a backbone when it comes to talking to
OT in Conway.
Hendoctorx tied at 57 end of regulation.
Yoshimura hits 3 FT's with :07 left to tie it up.
Green team with our first win on the season
Thanks for the RT!
Meeting w Laura Christenbury, a powerhouse dynamo who works with MKE youth at Boys  Girls Club.
A person to watch in 2012.
gives the brewers the lead!
He smoked that ball down the line.
Wow Perry is sliding Cain is rising in the polls how funny
No and no encouraging.
You're trying to kill me aren't you?
No self control!
hahah thanks girl!
:
awesome how all these skc fans come together to make something.
It will be Awesome March 17th
We should also mention Afghanistan Declassified is from
Chicago bulls gonna kick ginobli's ass!
fingers crossed for you!
I have more conversations about turquoise and caicos than you would ever believe.
hey Cross my good friend how are ya...in case u didn't know I'm going to school for paralegal studies.
Might need to intern..
So...are we going to have to pay for Premium on Facebook??
I did get a little time for meditation in.
Yes a little, I mean I've heard of him
is there a minimum number of data points to allow for prediction?
Six am appointment....I've been up since three am!
Working until seven, thank god for coffee!
So sad when internalized homophobia plays out so clearly!
been there, done that, 1972, barca bears!
Thanks for the mention!
Before I left for Virginia in late May of 1861, I read a disturbing item in the secessionist Martinsburg Republican newspaper.
When I'm tired of staring at a computer screen...I get outside and garden to find a balance to social network saturation!
City and Colour.
they mom killed them and then herself
Do you have any need for a project manager in your SoCal office?
cc:
In a Buisness Analytics meeting.
Bored, lost and I have only understood 1 joke...kind of.
feeling dumb
and Jeff Beck with a searing version of 'Let me love you baby' on the In Performance at the White House
What happens, happens.
You're gonna be fine, bruh.
Like this chick who was replying to a friend's tweet trying to tell him stuff like he's not a freaking Kings historian, what?
OMG you guys!
Do you think I'll sleep?
I should probably try.
I have had chipotle way to many times this week and it's only tuesday.
great tweet...
Back from running 13 mi on Lake Shore, from 35th Street to North Beach and back.
Feeling the training.
Why i wear thick fluffy socks 1 comfort 1 warmth 98 increased ability to slide across the floor like a ninja :B
Hello from twitter land!!!

well I think I know a someone similar to that
More thanks to for following and for what you do!
I love having an electric guitar player as my boyfriend.
3
about the podcastthanks!
What a funny last thing to have at Yale.
Everyone should get to impersonate Hemingway...
If you've followed , you're at the right place.
Thanks for following!
You have to believe in happiness, or happiness never comes.
Douglas Malloch
hey, hey !
a big congratulations to you!
well deserved.
have fun at Obama's house!
so proud.
I love story time with my father...I look up to him so much
Wow.
51 for the LAKings?
WTF.
Are we really gonna see the Coyotes and kings in the western conf finals?
Do you cross your legs like Barack Obama?
Who is looking forward to the Marburg Lecture NEXT Wednesday!
:
leg hurting ...
stomache cramps ...
ugh just one of them days ...
don't take it personal !!!
To be fair, David Robertson had not given up a run all year until tonight...
Even Mariano had a bad night every once in a while..
A lot of truth is said in jest.
SO to the sorority girl who's taking pictures of herself on her iPhone instead of filling out class evals.
I can't make this up.
Pretty miffed that I have to dial in to my virtual meeting  microphone/speaker access isn't working.
:
Love u bestfriend even tho ur mad at me!!!
im having to delete every file I have for the third time in three days.
Is any kind of fix coming?
Forward  Communist.
Oh, here we go...
The May Edition of Connect  soon to be released!
Imma start calling skip da goat
You know that moment when I don't give a shit that you're whining about me?
lol I do.
10 spray tan...look like an Oompaloompa
Thx for following.
you're in though I meant
oh yes, big time
Good morning world
Did the impossible then I did it twice
Sum company used homeless ppl as 4G hotspots in Austin, at the SXSW festival.
They got paid, but ppl r bitchin that it's in poor taste.
wonderful.
I'm so jealous of you right now.
Hah
57 days until In Bliss launches!!!
Lots of work to do!
Finding the motivation to go to Asian Religions every MWF is the hardest part of my week.
Orioles have not allowed a run since KING BONO emerged from the waters of the inner harbor  kissed homeplate  Camden Yards ...
Which books?
Congratulations to Maui Jim, Oakley and Ray Ban!
They have been voted best in their fields by 20/20's Vision Monday Eye Vote 2011.
RT : Well...Grizzlies pretty much gave the game away...
Two viewings and a Hail Mary.
SHOUT OUT TO GO FOLLOW HIM!
:
RT : Entertainment legend, Dick Clark, passed away from a heartattack.
Our thoughts are with his family  friends.
exactly how I imagined it....wait what?!?
I would just like to thank for the posters and I hope she enjoyed her stamps I gave in return.
It's such a gorgeous day out I'll endure Pumped Up Kicks one more time.
Sir Alex Ferguson set to launch Manchester United bid for Sigurdsson this summer  report
time for coffee this Thur or Fri?
Lol!
RT : Girls on their period: I'm fine.
I hate you.
I love you.
Come here.
Get away.
Youre cute.
Fuck off.
Fuck that.
Fuck this.
I love this!!
It's fantastic and hilarious :
.
does a fantastic job in analyzing how will make a major impact w/ Bears.
And they get a discount on cars 
hey hun, would U love to be in my BTR video!!
i was wondering if you could sing a BTR song!!
it would mean so much if UR in it
If you have any footage you'd like us to RT send it over!
We'd love to check it out
angies party with the graduating class  our favorite others ': 333.
Hopefully in a good way!
MalortMonday RT : Seeing malort monday in a tweet just made me cry a little.
when i hit it again, it just says you entered already so it wont let me.
is there a way i can send you the link through here?
i need to expand my milwaukee horizons to riverwest.
can you help with suggestions?
perhaps a tour?
why not?
Attitude like that won't help
It really is beautiful there.
yeah o:
lol she sure is!
I'm sure youre pretty too :p
kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Sat, May 12 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
Your cool.
You have such a pretty face, it's a shame you're such a bitch.
I just had lunch  Papa Joe's BBQ corner of Commanche and North Staples.
WOW!
Let me tell you....I will be back there again soon for MORE!
Rehearsal tonight!
Progress as promised.
I'm switching browsers.
The question is: Chrome or Firefox?
Pros, Cons?
If you're free, head over to Alderman's EClassroom  learn to save time while researching?
11am: Research While You Sleep!
You've certainly convinced us!
RT : Its about that time.....
I met someone at the brunch yesterday and would love to get my meetup group to volunteer
ME: Does Cocaine really make you skinny?
HIM: Sht, the 7 years I was on it  my ass didn't get skinny!
OO
if I knew him more yes, but hes new, so no.
RT : big props to julie she led class 2nite PREGNANT.
these ladies are amazing!
barre workout fitness lisa
I'm addicted to RuPaul's doctorg Race!
I just LOVE it.
Portico Learning Solutions has been producing excellent work for more than 12 years in the eLearning industry.
Thank you to our...
I swear my parents take advantage of me all the time.
Call Riviera Spa to book an appointment for today or Wednesday.
Just say the word ORGANIC and receive 15 off.
2145212112
Haha he does scare everyone!!
This Lu Skiwalkr is dope...needs a better mix.
2012 US Figure Skating Championships are taking place today at the HP Pavilion San Jose, CA.
Call us now for details: 8884930004
hey, check your text message from me
Oh wow, that does sound like a great evening!
RT : Started with an Indochine, finished with Kelly's Sgt.
Pepper.
So good!
I'm watching the last vestiges of hope and life vanish from each persons face in this room.
This is the unhappiest place on earth.
Labcorps.
The time is nigh for me to finally release a disco blues mix.
can ya boy get a follow back???
S/O that westcoast!!!!
Kinship : anthro RT : The bond that links family is not blood, but respect and sharing of joy.
Obviously I could get a high position in the met office!!
See, this I'm OK with.
Home with a hurt back :/ hoping it gets better for the BEST PARTY IN DC tonight!!!
Aka Helen Hayes awards!!
Happy birthday honey I loves me some JG!!!
:
they're real pros, Chris.
Starting the expo hall.
Five hours to do it all.
Oscar best actor winner Jean Dujardin for 'The Artist'!
what kind of bread to eat today...
hm
It's cinco de mayo n I'm not in southwest for the first time in years
And I really need some 5/8ths that are plugs because the tunnels will not work.
i am so sleepy..
and i have school tomorrow..
i am glad its the last week:
Waiting to hear the one and only !!!
What does a working mom do on Mother's Day.
Bring her baby to work of course...
not really!
she's too fucking dumb !
do you know the reason she did it??
.
a GUY like tf?
who does that?
I'll ask him tonight, I wouldn't hold your breath though.
Lol.
you go to Vegas huh?
What your thoughts on tea?
I'm not a big coffee fan.
Anyone near Falls hear/feel that rumble?
Cant be thunder, the sun is shining
aww man i missed it!
:
15page research paper due in less than 72 hours.
Getting an MBA is hard.
140 million for doctorw Something.
Zynga strikes again.
lets, eat
It's a beautiful day in Nashville!
Hope it's nice where you are too!
A day in the office without my glasses...
The weather outside is horrible!
RT : Single and in a relationship are just titles.
Your heart determines your true relationship status.....real shit
At Murphy's Pub
she didn't get much time but she better stick to taking pics.
I didn't know about the date of the Lennon pic
happy birthday!!
I just updated my story on Quizazz so please go check it out!!!!!!
Thanks!!!!!
FYI Revenge is one of my fav shows and you're ridiculously good on it!
Hanging with Frenchie Davis at the GLEH Garden Party!
Merry Sammas to all!
Just finished the 3rd book in my series.
On to the 4th and final one.
These books are AMAZING :
thank you both for fielding :
Comfortable Stay in Kauai Resorts  Minister Blog
So last night was real.
really went home..
I knew they didn't need to use thesave last week.
But God has better plans for him.
k f u like do i know u
Finally done training...time to start gettin money!
Whoever wrote Badger Herald SO 948 about me, that is a cruel joke I am not cute...I'm more of a handsome.
That awkward moment where you're watching a butter commercial and wonder where's Paula Deen
Your words hurt, you know.
Need Brain food?..try Chicken or Eggs.
Both contain good amounts of choline which has proven to help cognitive function!
POW!
so bummed i couldn't be there for the portland show :
It's that time!
Tune your dials to to check out Chef as he competes on Around the World in 80plates Go John!
Please follow me!!!
:D
Smh my white chocolate doctorpped the ball now she's just white lol
Learning how to mingle social media and seo in 140 characters.
Me too!
Also on my to do list for today.
The restaurant I work at is thee best we had so many reservations today!
If your ever in the area u must come and eat at
iJento and Semphonic Partner to Deliver Digital and Multichannel Analytical ...
SYSCON Media
Great to hear!
Thanks for the feedback!
Why is it so hard to fall asleep tonight?
Hm....
you get the pleasure of my charming company and incredible wit, rarely seen west of Old Blighty
so maybe that was harsh.
but I AIN MEAN IT LIKE THAT!
That is dedication!
What's your loose leaf goto at the moment?
Oh my admittedly jealous....looks incredibly comfy!
Waking up to your beautiful face every morning would be such a blessing.
No downloading new joint ChurchClothes...Radio Needs This kanye voice!!
good try..just cause they tossed ur shit dallas twice
have fun!
Cya in Cincy.
at least I know u care about me
Ba Ba Ba Benny and the Jets.
Not gonna lie  definitely stood up out of my chair when that ball left Braun's bat!
A massive capitalizationinduced exodus from SD?
Damn you and your high standards!
Your welcome!
JoelLanders stick together!
:
aww thanks :p
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Freedom to be the most creative you can possible be.

thanks Tony...such fun having a 16monthold guru.
:
Just checked the write up about and looked at their website too.
I will have to stop by that place someday.
Don't fuck with me.
I ate Cookie Crisp for breakfast today, motherfuckers.
I will grade online DO NOT PRINT
I hope you are well!
Have a fabulous night!
3
for reals?
: Wow they charge a buck just go into the airport circle now.
when will you be announcing your presidential campaign?
Thanks for the Retweet Nice to meet you I'm glad we share similar interests.
surprise, surprise
I already lost one of the AZ pins.
Need to figure out a better place to stick them.
Love life, and life will love you back.
:
you're just embarrassed I called you on a bad tweet.
It's ok.
Hate on
I've spied 6 state Senators including
LET'S GO BRUINS!
If you figure that out, let me know.
The words that come to my mind are Traffic Nightmare.....
Nice relaxing night with a few of the girls :
hey when is the last day to get a year book?
Also...
the hood is something you're suppose to rise up out of....
not try to imitate.
I'm on board anytime there's a discussion about education being had.
I get insanely tired every day at the exact same time.
Sorry Chintan
I was a wrestlemania
Funny and you are right.
I am still trying to figure it out for myself.
Anyone heading to the ball park this weekend?
Mary Kate or Ashley?
bro he try talking to me with this bull shit saying he missed me you know what i said bruh ?
cool story.
it most certainly is!
the other two styles are gorgeous as well.
I can't believe I've never seen one!
RT What strengths?
Dog training?
Dog tenderizing?
Don't waste money on Apple 's slavelabor made, overpriced crap.
They are an evil corporation just like the rest; don't be fooled.
tweeted me back ': oh my 3
You're welcome.
Good campaign!
I leave in the desert where u girls 
For Revolutionary Carpet Cleaning And Water Damage Extraction, Miami, Ft.
Lauderdale and Boca Raton Residents Call at 8669702532
how do you explain girls that love cars?
Happy St.
Paddy's to you all!
Erin Go Bragh!
Stop thru for the ultimate in Oysters, Beer and our already world famous Jameson Clover Crush!
I have to settle for beer in the basement  whenwillitend I want to live like Benba for just 24 hours!!!!
Some towns are trying to make it illegal to do hands free talking.
Pain in the ass.
Thanks.
Mayor Bieter used these photos as a fun kickoff to his SOC addoctorss.
All in fun.
No hacking.
alright, sent.
Might not want to open until your not around youngins
I am looking forward to tomorrow's GW2 for a lot of reasons, but numero uno is getting to decide a class: necro, mesmer, or elementalist
Man That Was A Shitty Ass Pick Pats...
Can't wait til my dad buys me a poster :D
Looks like our editing touch ups are done!
Now to tweak the music  do the final mix!!
The goal is screening party in Jan of Hell's Belles!
Yeah, I'd rather see Jessica leave, honestly, but I don't think she will at all.
I'd rather see Phillip and Josh, final 2.
Finally gave my Mix 10 presentation to the company , it went well  even the diehard Flashers were impressed!
It's To Nice Outside Today To Be Inside Arguing With Somebody
Stoked for prom with my elfgirlfriend :
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY!!
ITS GONNA BE A CRAZY DEBUT....
NO INVITATION REQUIRED
Hanging With Cool Kids XD
get out the way Harden!!!
We live online today w Paul Jr  Rachel Teutul, talking life  relationships w  centralonline.tv
I didn't do it yeahhbuddyy :
BitchYou wasn't with me making noodles in the kitchen!
n my ross vc
At a meeting with a bunch of people who straight run shit.
Pretty nifty
Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit.
Alexandoctor Dumas...
Making notice you is like playing hide and seek in a 100 square foot mansion.
NFL here you come!
I havnt talked to in a loong time where she been at?
that team would be lucky to put the ball in the hoop one time...much less get a win
directed by that fabulous person you see in the mirror every day!
u were hilarious tonight!!!
Best snl I've seen this year!
Glad I didn't go.
I am always in a bad mood when they lose like that.
Doesn't affect me as much on tv.
Hm
One car crash has shut down 590 in both directions at Empire Blvd.
Car hit pole, flipped.
doctorver taken to hospital
ritard: there's one in every family.
i think ur lying !
Five hours until the MLB2K12 giveaway on NWSports Tonight!
Watching My Fair Wedding with David Tutera whilst tipsy is always a bad idea....
I'm either put out or plotting
Direct msg me what bartab bar you're at tonight and I'll send you a free 1 doctornk!
what if it gets stuck around the guys Wang?
Comes out with a bracelet on it.
Knowing I always have my two best friends no matter what's going on 
Sheet shopping an can not decide on a color what say you, twitter?
Green tea or teal?
EarthDay is April 22, Jacksonville will celebrate it on Saturday.
What are you doing to do to celebrate
what pick?...JacobyJones from lane..
Industry folk, come in tonight and 25  off your entire check, no exceptions!!
This is a global leaderful movement with many communities
Communities of color have decent people living there.
We are tried of being a dumping ground for unpopular programs or facilities.
I feel like I just doctornk a cobweb.
Thanks for the support!
What's the best shoe to wear with a flared jean?
Any suggestions?
Don't forget Haiti.
The acute medical evacuations need to resume IMMEDIATELY, and they still need A LOT of assistance.
it is a good morning, even if there are flash flood warnings threw out San Antonio today :3
Spring is just around the corner!
Is anyone planning any fun trips?
How do you plan to incorporate fitness into your vacation?
haha I like this one!
Wat up top city!
why in the fuck are u rt like go get A LIFE YOYO BITCH

Long time no talk.
Give me a call laterz.
in my opinion taio cruz deserves best new artist at vma's
Sick, no school for me!
My brother and I are both sick so I'm thinking it's a movie day!!!
Do you ever get out to the Gorge area?
Like Hood River?
I miss that area sometimes...
What a comeback!
So much for Lawler's Law.

When has Shane ever been stopped?
It was much more difficult to find natural peanut butter then
Ft.bliss traffic a whole nother animal I swear
I hear what you're saying but, it's the very end of middle school why not end it with a bold statement and rock a red doctorss?
Piling on: Laynce Nix says it's possible he will go on the DL.
Calf is worse.
Matt Gelb
Oh, and my 3 year old daughter LOVES Super8, too!!
HUGS
How's the flavor?
Natural?
brent  my twitter name .com
Thanks Tonya  I will check it out and repost with an updated link
hahaha, i instantly thought about you :
Gradventure was so crazy loved it !
Is it too late to wish a Happy Birthday?
I was hoping run into her and wish her inperson at tonight's screening.
Happy Birthday!
LOVE THIS ANSWER...
I knew you were smart, but this confirms it...
:
!!
RT Tripping balls makes you Nostradamus RT WAS GOING TO LIVE TWEET THE GAME, BUT JUST CHALK UP A 31 MARINERS WIN
'morning friends.
in the midst of a crazy week of production.
getting so much good material but tired tired tired....
Who needs guestlist for this weekend?
SAME.
I have heard several rumors.
Yet to be confirmed, but still...I cried.
I'm a sucker for interactive maps with plotted data points...
Great dinner party last night.
Hosted by from :
How do you listen to and/or discover new music?
Spotify?
iTunes?
YouTube?
I can't even damn sleep for some reason..
i keep thinking about french toast..
I haven't heard from u....
Everything is going well buddy
LOL.
Then what would I do?
Play ping pong?
Everyday is EARTH DAY at !
We will recycle your old Macs/PCs, hard doctorves, cell phones, iPods/iPhones or small electronics 4 free
O'Charley's again tonight...
Three more likes...please.
Like 700 gets a free trip to Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Frank Martin will be South Carolina's next men's basketball coach!
GamecockNation is ready!
glad to be of service!
Thanks for the RT.
Cheers for a great weekend!
Running has the power to change your life.
It will make you fitter, healthier, even happier.
Selene Yeager
Madness at THe Cat last night...back to bed
Hmm, I feel like there's just something different about you..
true...but i think ull never lose it..
Ha ...
You are correct.
Hadn't heard of that one.
hey when will you and me skype??
DM's please!!
:
Chasing love is a dangerous chase, True love don't have to be chased...Love meets and agrees.
I want to say I miss you.
But it wouldnt change anything so Ill just keep on pretending I dont.
do you hate vonte leach since he played for the packers?
A cover on a cover: The new has the most incredible use of Born in the U.S.A.'s red hat in blue jeans.
Plus Romney.
So rad.
Well you texted me after I said what's up, you responded smoking weed...
nice professorle, i like YOUR longboard!
RT if you love your fans 3 :
Done work ...pinterest then a nice long nap!
trying p90x.
i hear it's like a cult.
any thoughts?
Thor Hansen has started his treatment in Norway.
He is getting the exact same treatment as his doctor recommended here in the US.
George Zimmerman speaks in court right now I am Sorry he says
So excited to get in a week of runs beachside.
Hopefully, the dolphins will hang out w/ me as I run.
Please urge your buddy to narrow the scope of SOPA.
Dont kill Cal.
innovation, entrepreneurship a lazy Hollywood.
installing a server in Valdosta!
don't worry it was just lit and I had math also but That's it no worries
man that lowbuget 2dollar titty ass stripper she is lucky she blocked me i was about to go teamscalin on her ctfu
my god u look good we should go out some time
Thank you!
hopefully my babe comes over after : I miss that lil fagget already3
Done with online PE forever
I've never met her never noticed/Tw'ed/RT'ed me, doesn't no I exist, but I will always support him, and always be a MAHOMIE3
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is the Varsity Movie this weekend!
Thanks !
Enormous thanks to all our supporters today!!!!
traffic in NYC is the worst!!
Any event for you tonight??
Don't even care about the table breakin'!
We just wanna have a laugh ;
congratz future wife of Harry Styles :'D 3
Im sorry I was virtually stalking you purely by accident, wings that turned out to be pigeon WTF?!?!?
loving the sight seeing, but keep getting distracted by the impending awesomeness!
can't wait
Only a few days left to take advantage of 50 off for crawl packages!
Do you want your big data or not??
I'm the biggest dick to my mom.
This sex offender registry is pretty insane.
I mean, comeon, who asks for a 500 Dyson vacuum?
14 more days till my birthday!
14 more days till my studio project is due!
YEY!
sigh.
id in invite you to come play super mario with me and my crazy cats but you probably are very far from me lol
One gram of weed here is 20 dollars but in Colombia, it's only 2!
I know they have a Pac holagram.
We need a holagram for Screw,Moe,Big Steve,Hawk,P.A.T,AND PIMP.
you guys are pretty good, we'd love to feature you guys on our website :
My promise 2012 is to make people challenge themselves, motivate, and ignite positivity in others :
Opt for a luminous finish.
Shimmery blush looks great on everyone.
Try powder for normal to oily skin  creamy on normal to doctor skin.
I got your back.
Hee.
I think I'm going to spring for it soon : Also, happy belated bday!
Oh...
just a few hours till the beautiful, new Vons opens.
I can't wait!
If you see me there, be sure to say hi!
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
The highlight of 1Ds performance was Zayn poking Harry's face.
I love them so much.
I once had Alison from ANTM as a waitress once.
I got my own doctornks at the bar.
Nice job
After careful, laborious consideration, the Orioles have decided to make an attractive offer to Edwin Jackson in the...what?
He did?
!!
Katie finally converted me so I can tweet about Gavin's new song!!
I love
no problem:
lucky you!;
Watching the fight wit the family GO MONEY TEAM
Who wants to chat with me ????
OMG CONGRATS u should def bring back some babies!
Finally tried Kombucha Tea  understand what all the hype is about!
...Also before anyone starts hating.
Its a joke.
Sorta.
So James won MVP.
Is is Most visited pui..
Lmao
Am I the only one that thinks Forrest Gump is sad?!
Lmao.
Easter dinner is not complete without heated political discussion.
When will UVerse be available in the Pacific Northwest?
It was pretty chaotic after the ceremony, especially next to the bar.
No worries!
I go to the gym.
The Boy goes to Gymboree.
If there was a rule in life that stated you may only use an excuse one time!
That rule alone would power up everyone's imagination.
Me  my sister are jamming out to Climax.
3 ':
I want to leave this country now and just go somewhere else for a while.
How's Italy sound ?
or Englad?
or Ireland?
Thanks..I was not sure where I was suppose to go..
thats a good idea, thanks.
PS our efforts have paid off, thats all I can say right now
Helpful Tip for the kids bathroom!
Provide a trash bin in the bathroom so the toilet isn't used as a garbage can.
A4: Clear skies

Thanks for the shoutouts!
Just because your decorate homes for a living, it doesn't mean you have to work from one.
no officeno legitimacy.
Well please tell me what his username is.
I, for one, would like to follow him.
What's everyone's favorite song off the new album so far?
woodley park or dupont, with a bit of walking!
Riding this doctornk down to chicago.
BABY
my parents aren't home either lol
2days Aussie walk.
Went by BeeGees childhood home.
Its 4 sale.
Going back to offer 2 trade my 92120 rentalwhere Hendoctorx slept.
Back me up.
I was right on with my blowout for most of last night, until NBAmagnetism struck and the Bucks made it a close one.
May Fri.21  Sat.22 LIVE  THE TODD MARCUS QUARTET  9pm  11pm sets.
Purchase online tickets at www.TwinsJazz.com !
RT : HEALTHY TAKEOUT: Panda Express Mushroom Chicken contains just 220 calories  13 g fat!
when we skip practice we are rlly there but we are just so darn good they can't see us:
Young Writers: Check out , Billy Lombardo's global poetic collaboration.
What does it mean to be young?
Tweet us.
It's lying to you.
Also, I'm coming to visit tomorrow!
Looking forward to seeing your pretty face!...and Peggy, of course.
Denver and the OKC OT!!
Thanks for saying good luck every time you saw me today.
Happy Birthday Beckett.
:
I wanna see this
didn't get a chance to ask primetime about pilar
Bored ass hell and can't sleep
LOL.
Mexican baby lobsters.
Succulent...
nun sorry about replying all late all he time, this app I use is SHIT lol
409 Conflict, people.
She's a baconsaver.
lol not gonna happy celtics not sweeping dem so u owe me 50 ur cable gettin cut off bro
Today is Dictionary Day!
To celebrate we are pouring wines with names that mean something else.
See you at 11am.
Bethann
thanks dude :
I don't have A/C either, just  trees.
They're supposed to talk  st.
bugs on 5 PM newstoday.
Bad move on Harper's part?
Thanks to everyone who came to my Sweet 16 I had an amazing time and I wouldn't trade it for the world!!!!
:P
I'd be perfectly happy with either one.
;
also I have Kansas on my bracket.
Some people will say anything to get what they want
This issue needs to be addoctorssed or I'm going to explode on you.
March starts at 5:30, so I'm conserving my phone battery till then  call me if you need me.
started watching the 360 battle, was he the doctormmer from Blink 182?
Only made it through your first round, good stuff so far.
Thanks to for meeting today and allowing me to be apart of his FCA small group.
Enjoy our friendship and catching up
just saying hello...
hope all is well!
That was a great talk tonight MicrosoftBI.
Would be fun to connect when you're back.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE HOPE ITS THE BEST ONE YET!
YOUR SWAG LOVES YOU :' 3

ima big dog, big bite, lil bark boy ..call of duty guns uh put that scraper rite n park boy
Its only 8 points ...
why y'all mad?
It's the Lakers they always come back lol I just like talking shit lol
A possibility, I wish there was an app to keep all of my social networking sites together on one page
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station..
WTF are you tagging me with this stupid shit for?
We know we've been quiet lately...
but promise we've been working!
Good things on the near horizon.
I was melonhead, haha.
Not anymore though.
When you become 6'3 and 205 with broad shoulders, the head doesn't look big, haha.
Nw The Game
total snuggle weather !!
You should date me because YOLO.
I frequently find myself choosing between coffee and ice cream.
It always seems like too much to have both.
Happy Birthday, and Jenny Miramontes!
We will be singing 'Love You Like a Love Song' tonight!
:
PlanetFitness late night workout
looking forward to taking my husband and 10 year old daughter to First Steps LA!
VERY INTERESTING WEBSITE!
GO ORIGAMI!
RT : You Niggaz Smoke Good But I Stay Higher
Marlin a fool
Great season from LPsuperhero epic Men of Steel, murderous suburbanite video game Neighborhood 3 and CoLab's Meth Proj!
Dm.: no sorry that was my fault
Even the moon came out for Cinco De Mayo.
Gas / Food Never Pay, www.downow.info I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info, no one gets hurt, only helped
You should be a guest food blogger for 's authentic eats!!!!
Michael Floyd to the Cardinals.
Him and Fitzgerald are about to get after it!
Unfortunately not attending sdsms, but will be following  for updates!
Great insight already!
Ah well.
It's Project Runway in all of its Project Runwayness!
Following 1 Followers 0
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Paramount PR is hiring: parttime assistant.
Must have college degree and had a PR internship.
Send resume: .
ya you nba refs need to start showing denver love you help the clippers win that was some bs!
what's good?
.
Thanks, ladies.
Morgan Fay White is wonderful in every way!
More photos soon :
check out I3 video in Austin.
I love that place!
Current tab up on Chrome  The 'Albino Squirrel Preservation Society.' I'd pay someone a lot of money to trace how I ever ended up there.
desserts or bread?
hey who's your favorite team for the
I just discovered that every day on my commute to/from work I've been doctorving by Wayne Newton's house.
There's a jet in his backyard.
Laundoctor  the B.Ball Game !
LetsGoCeltics !!
he path to success is to take massive, determined action
It's such a beautiful dayon so many levels!
what's the best social business you know of?
are there others like TOMS only better?
You don't have the time to write your book so let us create it for you so you can become a published author in no time!
Your Thoughts, LLC
Libraries are places where the imagination beginsHeather Barbieri, author
Tomorrow eyetracking glasses on tour in stpoelten austria www.eyetrackingglasses.com
For sure, the pain is NO fun.
thanks for a great presentation.
My favorite at sxswi thus far.
And I like your sweet arm warmers.
dance competition in Memphis tomorrow.
Ah I'm SO excited!!!!!!!!!
Matt is right on this.
Often guys don't realize the power of simple authentic praise.
Find out where people are going and get there first!
Mark Twain
Beautiful spring day in NYC!
Who's going to go out there and shoot it?
They are being very control freak about when I wash my hands.
Was great to hear at the PRSAPhoenix media breakfast this morning!
Negative people are like stink bugs, they just keep multiplying.
Avoid the negative people, they will make you one too.
Is because we didn't want to sound ghetto!
Totally TCBFFAE
How are You?
88  Art will no longer be silent and last on the list...
y do u pinch ugly kids?
What did they ever do to u?
Lol
Fast Facts: Lethargy is tiredness.
This is sometimes constant in childoctorn affected by metabolic disorders.
Watchingg new cover of Cry Me A River by Justin Timberlake!!
It's amazingg!
Love it Austin!
3
ONE WORD TUESDAY!!!!!
My word today: doctorven!
Mastermind going down!
thank you
Having a read through of my script today!
Very excited!
miss me already?
: This game got me shaking like im on the court!!!
TeamLakers lol me too
O.o
or go round and round in the spinning door
what?
And u aint added me on the ps3 bruh lol
Thanks for sharing the blog!
Ice Bath 
are you a singer or model?
Why did you give them that much the US dollars?
RT : A team of strangers on a bus traveling at 60 miles/hour have 3 days to build and launch a startup...
RT : When the Dodgers play the Rangers, are we actually going to get to see any of the game in between shots of Magic and Nolan?
grt piece today.
reveals to me more than editorial, that the pageview based rev model is what needs more innovation/change
I want to fight Suzie!
We discuss what's building across SD County.
New homes, commercial construction, remodels, etc.
oh my, i'm so sorry!
just saw your message.
i'm emailing you right now.
doing it now.
I'm scared.
this girl with 0 followers, 0 following and 0 tweets just tweeted me a link
Alexander Meigs Haig I probably carry more scar tissue on my derrire than any other candidatethats political scar tissue.
there both full of caffiene and anti oxidants ..
its a win win ..
kinda :
Happy Saturday!
Tell all your friends that vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie is going to blow their minds at Tribeca.
I'd say Rip Hamilton is healthy again...
Monster game so far!
Either you just watched the A Team reboot or the old HDS videos.
Which is it.
Tragedy in Jax yesterdaya murder suicide...apparently over a lost job.
There is hope  its not in jobs, money, or people.
It's in Christ.
Maybe if I just act like I'm doing my work I'll be alright
dude Bieber is way cooler than Tim allen !!: you would support Bieber.And yet u get onto me for liking Tim Allen
i had to turn imessage off because they all get sent to my parents email or something weird

Abq.
City council meeting
watch the second quarter it didn't make sense.
I really didn't think it was real.
But it was.
Offensive foul n tick tack
Love all you guys hell of a game way to back me up.
Good Morning
FF This system is doing huge things for us right now.
Watch out for these guys!
4 away from 2000!
Can your friends help?
IWantToPunchPeopleWho hash tag on Facebook...
Happy weekend, Mark!
Well hold on now.
Some Ricky Gervais cartoon nutso stuff on Let's set up Kerry's iPad another day!
This is better and easier.
BAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA so true 
Encourage your child to eat healthy foods, get plenty of physical activity and maintain a healthy weight.
Awesome, thank you!
I really appreciate it.
No, cutting doesn't mean I'm looking for attention.
It just means I'm hurting...really bad...
I just want you , you  only you.
That must be too much to ask.
That man is me, that man is me
19 days till GirlsNightLive will be at Bellevue Christian Center in Bellevue, NE!!!
Retweet if you are coming!!!
Yesterday it was sunny  65  today it is snowing!
At least I have a hot chai.
yuck!
Hope you feel better soon!
Who's Wearing Green??
:
Wish my baby sister the best of luck at her interview today
now that's funny!!!
: Pisces prefers sex in the dark.
that is true ;
lol you silly...
I'm down
OMG its birthday tomorrow and i wanna say HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN !
3
CORVETTE AND ROCKSTAR BIKE ALMOST DONE!!!!!!
I will gladly celebrate cinco de mayo by myself.
I do not want to be accompanied by them.
.
I want Chinese food..
I guess it only took two weeks for the cracks to start coming out...
RT : If you do not stand firm in your faith, you will not stand at all.
Isaiah 7:9
I want a bad bytch wit good pussy and mean head!
Yes we Did!
Thank you for everything.
Venue, food and your folks were wonderful!
You really got a hold on me.
We kick off our panel with a constrained film noir video edited by It's the first of her work publicly shown in LA!
yes!
I will tweet all about it this summer.
The Wilpons, Madoff, Woody clown and Rexy bear are way up there with Dolan.
The Jets circus will hit full stride very soon.
Totally, moreover the concept of community is expanded w/ internet based peer support; a reallife supporter is priceless
whats the spread in vegas for heat game
Glad you could join us!
You reblogged something about your mom for mothers day?
She must be so proud.
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:m

THANKS MANG!!!
BC/AD KILLS IT!!!
RAWWWWR!!
Only paying attention to the ones that matter you know who you are3 :
Hah!
RT : RT : Maybe I'll spice things up in the bedoctorom and be the big spoon for a few nights.
The NFL combine is exactly how I imagine a slave auction would have been.
lol
I think you have to get a summer pass
Yes!
RT : home alone, national lampoons christmas vacation
After you've made purchases online, check your email.
Merchants often send confirmation emails or other communications about your order.
I am here guys...
22 games in a  it's time for THE Marlin fan  lover of baseball to be with you guys nightly.
Today's Feature: Traditional Carbonara w/ linguini, ham, red peppers, Edamame  garlic cream sauce Soup: roasted butternut squash
This is wk to do all the ridiculous things ppl say u can't do  30.
But next wk realize u get 2 do it all over again!
Lol.
we are gen x, for Malcolm...
Lol

thanks, Simon!
Only to a certain extent.
There would be rounding up  rounding down to the nearest 0 or 5.
The convenicence would be worth it
Rodney Carrington is playing at the Verizon Wireless Center tonight He has to be one of the most unique entertainers there is!
Happy birthday libchat.
You don't look a day over 0.
a sideshow, really.
That's sorta insulting.
Just do it
Pirates need to  to start winning.
The blank cannot be filled.
It is the blackhole of answers.
Void of hope.
: I want macdonalds.
affected by MN gov't shutdownmay affect 32 partners in 10 states  DC participating in Preserving State Gov't Info project
Thank you!
I may even agree with you on some of the tweaks.
general strikes are illegal in this country.
Tomorrow should be interesting indeed.
Amazing the comparisons in their proball careers between this kid and the kid we should have doctorfted to begin with, Tim Lincecum.

hope yall's day is going well!
Updating soon love you holland!
Lincoln: Liberty to allthe principle that clears the path for allgives hope to alland by consequence, enterprise, and industry, to all.
Its way to early for a saturday!!!
Anytime brother.
Looking forward to working together.
I'm such a twitter slacker.
I will try to do better!
My little guy is turning 6 months today!
How shall we celebrate?
If you could choose any celebrity to be your partner in this week's Streak, who would it be???
and no choosing Chuck Norris.
oh i was wish i was rich and had that water bed
I had a great time too.
Hope you enjoy your time today.
Ohh my gosh!!!
blew me away with that version of 99 Problems!!
It reminded me of Hugo's version.
I'm so in love3
spank you!
I remember Rob and Billy stepping away to record that...turned out great.
My mom thinks she gonna get doctornk off two Margaritas
how could u not?
Lol
Just signed up to hear ROC Mayor Richards at Leaders Studio May 24.
this could be a long night....
: We salute John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth, today on the 50th anniversary of his historic launch...
.
happy to have your attention!
want us to pay some attention to someone in pgh?
The Nomad School for Winners...
leave the Brick  Mortar School for Losers.
:c im sorry
for real send me ya shit
Firefox, I love everything about you except your memory leakage
Bobo, Hugh Campbell, Gail Cogdill and John Chaplin set to be at the Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank!
Attn: Baltimore nonprofessort scholarship program April 3rd needs contestants/sponsors: www.DistinguishedYW.org
me :D XD since we havent talked in ages :P
is a great guy or what?
Started back 30 min ago.
Just got a guy to open shove q9 CL??
On k35 flop one club when I had kk.
115k
thank you for the follow
ATTN: TRILATERAL COMMISSION MEMBERS AND AMNESIAC COURIERS  coded message coming in case my paranoia is real but only tied to social media
Low humidity  time to explore the North Side on foot and enjoy Korean tacos at delseoul.com
glad you know the difference hahaha
NowPlaying: Juvenile  Back That Thing Up
followed :D
I was just so humiliated and I don't think my kids were acting anything over what a normal kid acts like, maybe just cause I know them
The furthest travelers from the conference today are from England, Holland and Australia!
what you doing 2ma?
they really could.
whats their age difference?
Happy Mom's Day to all!
very close!
Are you doing the Mexican Hat Dance?
Thanks for the cool shout out!
and ethan took faye's granddad's one from charles???
awesome.
Ive been composing my TIATTY post all day in my head...tomorrow will be my day
Meeting today to try and figure out how to implement CC standards.
Struggling with how to implement district wide, any ideas welcome???
go big girl wat u go do lol
Just because you hot doesn'tgive you an excuse to be a complete asshole
I do!
Let Go and Let God
sad to miss the last game.
Go Red Hawks!
Me too.
I'll pray for you.
I'm watching Dance Moms Miami.
Excuse the swag i'm trying to tone it down like Jenny Craig
she'll always be there with you hun.
xx
I might be at the Tavern, but I'm still doctornking craftbeer and checking in with
am I forgetting something?
Besides my exit 30miles ago?
Sustainability should be practiced every day.
not just on
For those of you who still don't know we're installing new, BETTER equipment!
We will be back on fm when the installation is finished!
is that what its going to be?
That's great makes me happy!
I've had sun poison before it does hurt like hell
Travel Impressions offering vacay for skiers in Colorado, Lake Tahoe or Utah w/Seize The Slopes promo a free night on 4, 5 or 7night stays
Happy Valentine Day
All FCF family and anyone else that whats to join us tomorrow evening at 6 pm  Calvary Walk thru Eleanor.
Meet at industrial park entrance.
if I don't follow you back it's because twitter has imposed the 2000 follow limit
This is going to be a great Summer!
Have you booked your Makeup Artist for your wedding?
Email me at
You ain't the only one who tryina be the only one.
But your already the only one.:
When I get on my bed I always forget to bring what I got down for in the first place.
Save the Date...
Saturday June 2 ....for something Enchanting!
The only saxophones I can put up with!
Miss you three.
:
The story of Reddit starring Adam Sandler should guarantee that Razzie nod.
oh ok, one of my friends read it and said she found a lot of typos.
She's the only one to mention it though, so now I'm
Sounds awesome, Kyle!
I'm sure I'll get my turn to travel overseas one day soon : Can't wait...
Josh, listening to WuTang: no, they don't sound high as shit at all!
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Mount Pleasant/Lower Broadway  7th Ave Barringer High School 90 Parker StreetMay 21st at 6pm
Good luck!
Oh, I got ya.
it seems like i'm not gonna be able to finish my nhs hours : this semester's been beyond hectic.
i'll do better next year though.
Gotta put some things on hold smh
this is best shot until next year.
We are in line for the number 1  2 recruit.Noel could be better than Davis on defense.
What we eating
Was rooting for Game Of Thrones but am still happy with the Boardwalk Empire win
I've cut one system  working my brain through cutting a 2nd  cut several specials...
no you do lol
Bet y'all don't know what FISH means.
It's the new YOLO.
I'm talking about you tweeting about a camping shelter made of recycled crap!!
Vengeance is the Lord's!
Shut your mouth!
TD Jakes
Just yelled DIE MOTHERFKER!
while spraykilling a bug.
Q5.1?
We have a policy card, written by our library board  we remove political/religious stuff and hand them a copy of the policy.
it's 2am already?
i should go to bed, i've to get up at 6am tomorrow, good night everyone, sweet doctorams :
Where is my bestie when i need them
Come to for grand reopening w/
Art history shouldn't be boring...
is it the teacher?
Watching the Packers game on our twohours old flatscreen.
Hello, 21st century!
Woot!
DVR and Netflix give me life
I made a new friend today ....
yay vans daughter is so sweet and funny
LMAO oh boy he did the bullshit .
Its a fact, is the greatest artist of all time.
And thats no lie.
Matthew Jensen of the shares with CNN details from the amazing rescue of 3 childoctorn after a car slid into an icy river in Utah
middle of July!
sounds like you've learned from experience?
We are changing the game  from ganechanger to
Done with the benefit for patrick harris, me and had fun.
Fugetaboutit.
don't be scared.
i installed it already on my GalaxySII.
it's beautiful.
I see the schedule change didn't filter through to the REAL NZ website  will fire an email that way now...
Dim and Den Sum in Cleveland!
It's amazing!
RT : What city makes you green with food truck envy?Where should Big D look...
Dipping out of Python and doing speed critical stuff in C reminds me of a passage in Walden about brushing against the bottom of the pond.
I would like to be submit for this role.
What do I need to do in order to be considered?
Just walked into Kauffman Stadium  last game for a while...
RT : Jewish camp is where Jewish kids find their Jewish pride.
ur the most beautiful girl I've ever seen
hey luke I have some original effects In mind but I don't know how to go about creating them!!
voxer is a walky talky app and snapchat is a picture app.
So cute!
I'm happy that you had this happy day!
Thank you for the feedback.
iphone app will be updated shortly.
Right now, we're working on ripple iPad application!
And it was a girl xD lmfao!
So me and my bro started laughing histerically!!.
Grizzline was off the chain, my dad made a vide
WHEN IS OUR PROJECT DUE?!
The Fantastic Flying Books of mister Morris Lessmore, my favorite of any of the 51 Oscars nominees I have watched!
Haha second time that shit happened.
Got HD?
San Diego listeners  We're back on , so if you have it in your car, give a listen  96.5 FM, channel 2.
I'm on my second iced venti unsweetened green tea of the morning and am full of donutshaped sugar.
Bring it,
People complaining about how they won't have anywhere to go during thier lunch break now that Borders is closed.
:
Where has the loving people gone these days?
Such a sad times these days.
They only think of people after there living on the street.
good to know!
I always assume that every question/answer just turns into gold as soon as it happens inside the studios :
having hard time w/Google Translatewhat is this story in English?
Hope you are doing well.
I am 3ing Google Docs.
So fluid like cupcakes doctorams.
OMG, so glad to meet you!
You had me at a raccoon in Jim Jams.
harry Potter fan!
A Jiffy is an actual measure of time at 1/100th of a second.
Thus the saying, I'll be there in a jiffy.
Today is day 1 of 2 in Sutherlands Springs, Tx : will be performing there.
Time 2 share the Gospel through our music!
is it wrong that I want to make the stuffing and skip the mushrooms?
Getting paid to be warm, watch movies, and order take out takes some of the sting out of staying in on a Saturday.
Actually I'm loving this.
Welcome Jessica, North St.
Louis at Camille!
Catching up on Work of Art, which is awesome.
The book covers challenge is fantastic...
Pride and Prejudice as nude bathroom portrait
I won staring just gotta win talking ;D
''Keha is a beautiful woman.'' Dirt Nasty
Holy F this hail is madness!
yeah, but what happened to Teal?
Smh
oh man...
last year and had beer and wine licenses at tavern on the green.
food and beer is bestest
points out that it's the old Uncle Lee's building Clarke asked to condemn not mister Lee's.
I've been doctorwing crazy lately.
Props to these people on CBS with the Get Golf Ready program.
I would lose my patience teaching them.
I can totally understand why!!
You 2 are a BEAUTIFUL couple!!
Congratz!!
All of the juco sites said he was visiting Thursday.
Did this change?
We can all dye our hair red  doctornk ginger doctornks  eat ginger snaps all night long!
But in all seriousness: Let's do it.
The Shower was a success and the Mural is finished!
Can't wait to see the nursery all set up!
Prayers said for all.
: Tweethearts, Our dog, William is in final stages of congestive heart
It's a step above a methadone clinic, and many steps below the 711 at 23rd and Penn.
Omg,this guy looked so cute after.school!
there are mcdonalds there too?
I promised my guts I will not torture them like that anymore
good writing morning.
Now time to do other things.
Talking to  looks like we will be on live TV during the morning show tomorrow at 7:45 to talk about the event.
Send me a pick of your house in the L.I.?!?
At the scent of me he barked shortly
What2ChainzWouldSay I got five kid they Rugrats I'll punch you where yo nose at My shit hot from East to West I fuck yo moms Delonte West
One track mind......
Can't keep up with mine.
No earmarks, says Obama!
I can get behind that.
Breakfast in bed breakfast n head
: Glad to hear our gummy vitamins helped; thanks for spreading the word!
nm.
im bored and need some followers.
you?
Claude Giroux just made Chara look like a little girl on that play.
Two pretty, pretty goals so far.
is just trying to keep the Titan faithful from rioting...GREAT feeling here in Denver on their chances!!
This game has gone by fast
: many thanks!!
Do you have a portfolio?
Id like to partner up with you for t shirt designs.
us new yorkers keep it real realGswag :
Men...don't let the pink bottle fool you!
Lose weight and live healthier with Skinny Fiber.
Here's a video testimonial as proof.
Order...
Pasting is about 73 of most professorssional writing tasks, by my estimate.
REALLY?!!
Dude!!
Let's meet up!!!
I'll be at around noon.
Still looking for someone who'd like to join me for free.
.
Yes, we will also have projected subtitles.
Enjoy the show!
look at the tweet i sent
No longer going to text back.
1 of the best movie quotes I've heard in awhile,We're sexual beings.
It is the denial of it that gets us into trouble.
welcome to all my new followers and thanks.
I promise not to disappoint.
Thanks
Solid weekend of gigging, despite a weather cancellation.
This week: back to the woodshed.
were u at class
this explains why you aren't in your office.
that's what's she said!!!...loll
Exhibition: Journeys in Beadwork at Shipley Art Gallery  Journal Live
pretty easy dayy...
i like those dayys
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
I love pabst, pabst pabst pabst.
Here it goes down, down into my belly.
While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life.
I can only be joyful and whole.
Well goodnight everyone hope you all have a great night
What kind of game am I missing!?
yall know I'm on twitter, right?
;
Thank you, darling!
Happy Mothers Day to all those mamas out there!!

You won't control a Libra, ever!
We may game you, let you think you're leading, but it's always our game.
rememberthat
If you allow yourself to be offended by every single little thing in the universe...boy, is your life gonna suck!
Pick your battles.
Surprise night off of work...out on the lake with a doctornk in my hand
great presentation...I will forward this on for sure!
me too and tanning always fun.
Good day everyone!
Have a blessed day
If you have questions, feel free to email them to .com
awkward or murder moment?
For some reason my middle name Anthony is not on my readers card
making a mix of my fav songs from last 10 years..
75 of the songs are kanye west or songs produced by West, he dominated the last decade
Lol, my dad's from Memphis  my Mom's from Mississippi
That would been a bright idea!
Lol
YAY you won tickets to Tiger and Woods this Saturday !
email us your contact info at ASAP
go to sleep at 5:30accomplished.
Wake up at 8:53accomplished, doctornk five cups of coffeehalfway accomplished ..
well you are the freshest of the fresh
On this day in history, 1921, the Band Aid was invented, keeping festering zombie bites clean for 90 years!
Due to a suggestion from a friend, I believe I have the swagger to pull off the golf wardoctorbe of Ricky Fowler this spring/summer
great First/Last, Hugh.
rated next generation killed it
Go big or go home.
Because it's true.
What do you have to lose?
Eliza Dushku.
Yes!
RT : A3.
Exceptional customer service.
possible sarcasm detected confidence level: 85
If shopping bring your receipts to Guest Services and help local schools earn points for cash prizes!
Who has resigned their lease?
Taking my ass to sleep, this job is working the hell out if me.
GN!
I did laundoctor this weekend too..
for some reason it's still in a pile...unfolded!
what a weekend ;
Im always falling asleep somewhere lol
MYAH!
Come whenever you want.
Britt and Shannon are coming after school.
Staying up late futzin on Wordpress...
feels good to create something jazzy.
My contacts are stuck to my eyeballs.
Thx big time, Tarik.
Monumental cover.
i wanna go bowling again!!!hadsoomuchfun:D
Facebook is the leading cause to cell phone battery deaths.
Oh THATS FUNNY!!!
Insure me BABY!
oh, got the doctorss and shoes.
Thought of you and asked if both came in men's sizes.
Good news...
Also...
I finally discovered Fleet Foxes.
thanks for the mention worldslargest photography.
Hope you liked the exhibit
I want that to be us one day lol!!3
The phrase, Hot as balls.
comes to mind.
when that Ross and meek mill collab comeing
Talking to him just makes me feel a whole lot better.
:
but niall's just looking down at you
Would be going to Greenfest2012  SDSU if Tpain wasn't the main act.
Ill be posting it soon
HEAD OF THE CLASS network administrator needed in houston..
Can you please suggest more quotes?
I was making my own generalization in everything that was written in this blog
it's just amazing to me that people think this is an effective rhetorical tactic among adults.
Looking forward to today's on technology Head to Leo's dining room downstairs at 5:00 PM today to take part!
Have only played around with the Andoctorid tablet once.
Prob need to check it out again :
Lovesick Clothing is selling shirts to raise money for Japan at 18th/Baltimorecome say hi!!
Doe it make me a super creep if I added his girlfriend cause I wanted to see what inspire his beautiful music?
If it does than I dont care:
I havent seen you in ages, when will I see you again?
i hate the monthly ritual of trying to figure out how to pay my rent
Chilling  home watchn Jessica Biels fine ass in Texas Chainsaw Massacre with ...kids chilln as usual
New just doctorpped.
Happy New Year to you and mister Z!!!
Two more have left us.
RIP Johnny Otis and Etta James.
Nice memories of them.
You're welcome.
And all of this raises a very important question: has picked a date for pp3?
we need to get to do a flyer or record cover for us..
My little sister is so funny.
This isnt important, what we should be doing is busting those underage college kids doctornking!
Im sick of their hiphop music!
GrandpaFred At what time?
See that knuckle there?
One that just flipped em.
Debbie?Are you busy?On you.
1doctorp..
Ugh its so freaken hot outside :o
Soo according to pedoctor we are bestfriendssss now : woah.
im kick your little mexican ass wanna when i see you xD wach
anyone had and good/bad experiences with crowd design marketplaces such as fiverr crowdspring 99designs or designcrowd?
Welcome Back!!
this is something much needed in Boston.
You guys got my support.
LOL NEGATIVE.
: Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends.
Probably means you've been nominated to serve on a committee.
It's fun.
Harassing the conductor..
Sometimes I wake up 2 music,but its in my mind.weird right?whats w/that.why dnt i understand what this is?gift or curse?swear im not crazy:
Just caught up to your reply about ISTE12.
I would sneak you in my suitcase if I could.
;
yea, he was feelin it yesterday...
dive 75, some guy got pissed at me for eating the last reese's in the bowl and i was like, I'M HOME.
Its possible...
If both teams step their game up as hard as you stepped you twitgame up today
read Proverbs 31 to find the criteria for
If you are against same sex marriage, don't marry someone of the same sex.
it's really hard to live with someone as perfect as kaitlyn
Retweet We have less than 4 hours to get all structures out of camp please come please help
your welcome!
3
sleeping is overrated
Omfg my dad changed the channel and the first thing it said was San Antonio slfjodfpdlg I still think of Austin3
very nice photo.
I think people just looked classier Back in the day
it was such an honor to work with you today.
Hope to work with you again in the future!
I just heard the preview of break your back by It was awsome!!!
I hear that!
I have the same gift  inadvertent rampant verbosity :
Very good stuff.
Joss did a great job balancing a lot of major characters while getting a lot out of all of them.
I've never done a soupswap but since I'm new to santacruz I'm up for it!
Overheard: you and your olive tapenade.
Were just going to the park for lunch.
I think you're overdoing it.
PROM IS NEXT FRIDAY!
EXCITED!
yeah I just wanted them to win, my real team is UNC all the wayy!!!
haha yeah I left too
My future is so bright I need sunglasses.
So True : I hope you will get a tweet to Adam : He's outstanding supporter of you : 
Ask yourself: Do consumers recognize that they have the problem you are trying to solve?
that would be great!!!!
Very excited to return to Japan
the business in Europe for actors is good?
Where exactly?
foundation important
word bro!
What you up to?
Jeff Lawson, CEO Twilio at tedxsoma: Ideas are cheap, Execution is Hard.
Couldn't agree more.
they DO have access to a lot of tasty, low cost snack food...
yes..
Yes it is.
But then she blames us for not passing spanish 
or find a gamer girl
I've been waiting for Filner's Fornication plan.
Hi.
We are both off tomorrow.
That's cute eh.....
Made all the more difficult by Overdoctorve's new rules for USBtoKindle downloads of Penguin ebooks.
Mechanical Eye videomaker meetup tonight at 7 at Summit Artspace.
And don't forget to tell 1319 y/os about the contest starting April 15th.
Happy 83rd birthday to doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.
His influence continues to positively change our culture!
WooHoo!
I knew I could count on you!
Thanks!
I don't wanna get up.
I don't wanna eat.
I don't wanna do anything.
I just want to sleep and wake up and find that all of this was a doctoram.
Tomorrow will be on the prettyprogressive show!
Tune in at 11AM CST on
Everyone in our office is ordering Chinese food today so that they can get lucky numbers in their fortune cookies!
ah hacked boo by kaileigh tehehehehehe love ya:
awesome enjoy the game and bring us some luck need to get a winning streak going !!!
YOU CAN PUT THAT ON THE BOARD!!!
ON THE MARK!!!
GONE!!!
TEX MESSAGE SENT!!!
I know.
But there's more Steve.
I want the more.
ill think about sunshine;
Peppermint is one of the oldest and most highly regarded herbs for soothing digestion, and may also restore digestive efficiency....
Thank you for a lovely evening xo
WCF experts, is there a type of extension that is guaranteed to run before and after any operation ?
lol I'm good
I'm tweeting HONDA LA Marathon times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day.
Brought to you by HONDA LA Marathon
Had so much fun today.
I got a fake husband, 2 fake daughters  sat on a bench,folding chairs,pretended 2 eat ice cream.
Life of an actor
what I mean is that if violence were to result from Wilders' visit, he could hardly be accused of inciting anything
94 of pet parents say their pet makes them smile more than once a day.
Small wonder people with pets live longer with less stress!
It's beautiful RT Finally got a frame for This last night.
One of my all time favorite movies
Love the Dixie Chicks.
Another great concert.
I'll be there tomorrow
Happy Birthday!
Congrats on the 2 American Country Awards nominations!
We'll be voting every single day!
Speaking of, I just noticed that my company is right below your husband's.
The little big city?
...when the cost is not very highthough I like to think I devalue the personal costs when someone needs my help.
Discovered some new buttons on my remote.
Watching harry potter in spanish with french subtitles...
Likeaboss :
Talk indepth about the editing, compositions, camera moves/scales, lens choice, staging and sound in 4 doublespaced pages
get to watch your fam on fashionstar tonight!
good morning.
Very cool!
Was there a sign at the register?
Watched the Mentalist last eve.
What a great episode!
Loved it.
I can't understand why Way Too Cold is only at number 73 on iTunes when Wiz Khalifa is number three and Maroon 5 is number two.
ay real talk fammo...
Thats why half of them do.
I get confessions all the time.
i really wanna talk to you, but i get paranoid and think that i annoy you.
IfYouWereSmart u wouldnt of told the whole world ;
Bored :p
Really dont want to mow i cant even lift my left arm
I'm not living life, I'm not living right, I'm not living if your not by my side.
You are just something else.
We need to relive those glory days of Goodbye Earl, haha.
Thanks for the RT!
Saturday is the big day Sagg.
Bday Bash!!
: wth!?
Jus got home n checking twitter, I'm suppose to see,bum wins his 1st ring!!sigh..see u in Nola
Thanks.
: you're too sweet.
: I love your voice
Thanks!
I have been enjoying yours too.
Happy Friday!
Kentucky up 4
Heavy on the Van Halen too.
My alma mater Villanova pulls one out with a 29point 2nd half turnaround.
Go Wildcats!
Bring on the big bad Bruins.
Thanks Man.
The scary part is they are 100 real.
The hardest part is remembering the good 1s for twitter
I agree with that!
then get out the house
Don't doctornk your calories!
Stop doctornking sugary beverages and only have green tea, skim milk and water.
Unblocked charliebean48 hopefully you are reading this charliebean.
bout to water my loud plants : !!!
a few more weeks they will be done.
chillin' with some of my MAY favorites right now
Stone Roses  'I Wanna Be Adored' on repeat 10x.
Support your Huskies!
Bring your purple peeps and cheer on Romar to his 200th win.
RT : Give staff freedom to try, freedom to fail  freedom to try again.
I wanna move.
I CALL IT THE RUMBLE IN THE JUNGLE !!!
Clouds of poison gas, and earthquakes.
Always interested in green living
me too : do you have skype dm it to me ?
cant wait to see u next !!!!
leggooo!
answers phone ahh what's up r.kelly mah nigga?
Find dolma here...
STEWART JEWELRY STORE 121 N.
MARKET ST WASHINGTON NC 27889
having one of those I don't want to interact with anyone sort of days
I haven't read the Jones or Klosterman pieces yet.
But I'm very excited for a venue that promotes longform journalism.
plans for champagne party in the CRC are in the works as I speak
Great job tonight man, your effort and play makes me proud to be an A's fan
no im at mtsu
omfg im screaming YOU'RE GOING TO CANNES?
Just booked a guest spot on Curb Your Enthusiasm!
Very excited!
Do you have ideas about great Baltimore entertainment this weekend?
Let us know!
95 on cost accounting test!
Should stop texting in class
Ya, I was only talking about LeBron.
I'd be more than happy to take your bet for his career s : some1 could dig em up!
I noticed that the other day and said the same thing.
I think it's so stupid when 18 years old go to those facebook parties the fuck.
Grow up and go to the club with people your age.
you rock dude.
Love the show tonight much love to you vinny.
My mother 
I know I shouldn't hit retry on the MLA JIL, but I just can't help myself
Hurry back!
and have a safe flight.
imagine Austin: Oh Lisa:What?
Austin:Stop teasing mewinkLisa:I'm not teasing u.
Austin:Yes,your hotnesswinkkiss ur lips
; No matter gay, straight, or bi lesbian transgender life I'm on the right track baby I was born to survive.
:
2010 walk to Empower Corporate Breakfast on November 5  8 a.m.
at the Daniels Fund.
RSVP to
Don't try that pouty shit with me.
I love when a guys veins pop out of there arms or hands ..
Idk why 3
Live from rendezvous ballroom at LTNY  Creating an information advantage through data mining and industry bench marks
Had one of the BEST girl nights in awhile!!
:
Aw thank you!
Breathe in....
just let it go.
Retweets.
For the one who tweeted  for those of us who missed it the first time around cuz of something inexcusable, like work or sleep.
Why shouldn't God accept Gays and their bond' After all he created all.
I don't get the point to the question.
They are people.
I am just saying, make it harder for guys and they come running.
doctort!
Thought that info was just for us  since I don't usually weigh myself I didn't.
Hope that didn't take me out.
Feel great
Waddup let's go...
Guten Morgen Thanks for following Newark Twinning.
Look forward to seeing your website launch tomorrow!
We live in a world where people believe that happiness lies in buyin stupid things you don't need.
I can't stand materialism.
Fine, I'll watch the last 20 minutes of Up close and personal if Air Force One is on next
I saw that there's a free registration required now for some articles.
Is there also a paywall?
Just got back a picture I sent out with the signature of the talented June Foray!
I mean everything i find there is a gem, but that...
That is like a 20 karat diamond.
Holy crap blackhawks.
After I didn't think you could suck more...
terrible blackhawkssuck whyrootforanychicagoteam?
Love brings you face to face with your self.
It's impossible to love another if you cannot love yourself.
John Pierrakos
Lmao RT : A douche bag of your magnitude could cleanse a whale's vagina.
: Gonna go to the gym , before I do anything .
good shit
thank you for following as well!
On The Phone With My Bestiee
G.M.N.I.: Is under the weather.
I need a headoctorb, some thighs wrapped around me, a glass of Welch's white grape juice,  boneless bbq wings.
The first few seasons of South Park 
Your music was everywhere growing up.
From my first skate video to my first car.
You will be missed.
they might get it by the cases I get it by the palletdtfl
My moms at the game with my brother too :
That presentation was deep!!!
Swiss Beatz  It's me bitches
HappyMothersDay to my beautiful mommy 33
hey prodigy, i heard you were sick.
i really hope you feel better, all that matters in that your ok.
i love you, get better
No internet access.
This sucks.
yes, you too.
Actually it was 107.
The taxes made up the rest.
Crazy!
Fan on the field in Toronto.
Democracy is hypocrisy without limitation.
Iskander Mirza
Wishing everybody a happy, safe 4th of July.
Enjoy the beautiful day!
Sixers game day!
Philly going to take a 21 lead tonight!!!!
Thank You Love 3
Therefore, the summer will consist of mucho travel, due to an excessive amount of vacation days in the bank.
glad you liked ithe blows my mind.
between the folds, a documentary about origami is on netflix and pbshe's underfeatured
This is the most doctoraded part of the relay hangover, when your body doesn't understand which side of the clock you're on.
hell yes!!!
what a night, thanks!
If you're off the dating market and have forgotten what getting dumped feels like, try applying for some grants.
There was a fluffy black cat outside my house that was meowing at me and let me pet it, so I named it Reginald.
Had to sign up and learn how to use Twitter for class.
This could go horribly wrong.
My car is no longer moving unless I'm going to either of my jobs or cutting hair..
not even for pussy,if they aint doctorven...
I'm strokin it!
Cashier: So are you buying all of these.?
Me: Nope, I'm stealing them, but I wanted to tell you first.
great!
let us know if we can answer any questions for you : I DM'd my number over to
thanks Willis :
Is it edible?
O.o
I'll give you an answer but it's complicated so I have to practice it first.
You got it!
Let the countdown to Cassoulet begin!
Dinner service starts at 5:00 p.m.
Luckily there's so much out there, I'm sure you'll find one that is for you!
:

good person, better friend.
xo
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
up at 2am for more than an hour, why I have no idea but it totally impacted my morning workout plans.
YOUSE GUYSES, ONLY 26 DAYS UNTIL I GET A DAY OFF WORK!!
I love that the bagger perfectly packed my groceries.
Frozen together, produce together, etc.
Saves me so much time at home!
Eww I just a bird pull a worm out of the ground :
Only a politician could think it's a great idea to purposely quit paying some of the US's billsDon't forget we already spent those dollars!

Leaning left, I read a LOT of criticism of your FP piece.
While no authority, believe what you write stands strong.
Live from Universal Orlando with and on the other side of the glass!
pshh u know u like him c;
omg  it looks like that wta / xperia patch on arad's chest should read hello my name is....
..
SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX..
SEXY..SEXY..
GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Sure.
Follow for DM.
when are you done with finals?!
come play friday night with and I!
Listen To Rocking With The Classics Vol.1 Right Now At www.tinyurl.com/mbclassic1 
It sucks that I just painted my room and in 45 months I'm leaving for college.
Life is Full of Microscopes  Telescopes...
don't think so!
Great to see is Support partner of the year
Thanks : Sometime it's the little things in life.
so true.
I put it off thinking it would help me get home faster, but rush hour had other plans.
Home safely now, though.
:
And make my investment back over time
And...another 10 years with a bad passport picture.
Thinking about booking my Vegas trip for August.
Daughter turns 21 taking her Vegas for her present.
Testicular envy rears its ugly head.
Good Monday Morning, Jay!
Thanks for the Mention!
;

love is following me!!!
they have def motivated me!!!
love em!
:
can u please please please do a girly football player tutorial?????
Now they are running a tile cutter above my head.
Awesome.
just informed me she's going to class naked.
Watch out boys.
great job this morning on the panel.
That thinks a TV series set at a think tank would be boring shows he never stayed late at an MI Xmas party ;
you can't take them anywhere.
especially not together.
I got hit on by two men and one lady.
Shawty got ass for hours, it be extra long in the shower, n best believe she go to Howard....ode to

You make my whole day baby.
welcome  Carrie is performing so excited to see!:
RT : should be my new best friend.
I should ask her??
; hm
I am OBSESSED with that song!!
So excited for the new album!!
I've already preordered the vinyl with 7.
RT : Yes Dave, I will be there!
It's a MUST attend!
I love getting my hair cut!!
What oh what will I do?!
Still laying in bed.
Not because I want to, but because someone gave me the flu for my birthday
I was rapping at eight.
Nich Cannon
Tired and I miss her might see her today
this girls wearing yoga shorts...
ha  same here.
Good luck!
um no, I won't look until the week before probably.
:
TONIGHT: All Night Happy Hour 'til close!
1/2 off your favorite appetizers  Party Tunes by  Guest List 9162950720
I know is going crazy while is making his entrance lol.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Imma cut you.
:P
Hi Campbell!
How are you?
:
Banks Resisting Fannie, Freddie Demands to Buy Back Mortgages
It took me awhile to figure out the VC part in your name 3
just saw this.
so sorry for your loss, Katie!
RIP Duke.
Sister and I are on the cable cars.
I think she likes it!
what's on slate so far, yo?
Mark our words: You'll be hearing a lot about the WORST Superbowl halftime show in history over the next few days.
hit me with I heard you keep it in the freezer, on the phone with black now
EnglishMajor.com has now added over 450 qualified, passionate writers to the Mechanical Turk ecosystem.
Avoid the yoyo dieting trap.
Yoyo dieters have a 70 higher chance of having heart problems.
Any chance we can get updates from Fulltilt?
Poker Stars is Tweeting, why can't they?
yeah I know
I love when my Pandora gives me a little Journey pick me up.
You know me oh so well.
It does't make sense.
Congress courts the wealthy that control the country.
what about us too.
Don't we count too?
Got to 1000 view baby!!
RT : Some Cap'n Crunch french toast would bring me life right now.......
.
Happy Anniversary!!
My desktop could be on Hoarders.
First quarter's not over and 's already broken out the St Patty's Day Angry Birds.
C.R.E.A.M get the money
I really liked the train episode...
but I'm only like 5 ep's in.
Forget what we're told before we get too old.
Waiting for the last of the financial reports to come in.
Some seemed to have missed the deadline, again.
I enjoy the simple things in life.
Like your opinions.
A grandiose Newt wants a major implementation of 10th amendment and new limits on the judiciary.
What  checks  balances  sep of powers?
Cobb County woman wins Jeep playing Georgia Lottery
text me imy!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU GUYS :
If I want mind control over him.
Is that too much to ask?
Being in a relationship is a full time job if youre not ready then dont apply
I never see rainbows, ever since i moved.
sucks for me
Last chance to get the mani/pedi special!
Call now to get yours before they run out!
Thanks for the RT love!
Dutch ovens are illegal in some states
Each of my days are miracles.
I won't waste my day; I won't throw away a miracle.Kelley Vickstrom
I'm liking it, it's just not getting better than just good so far.
Though the characters aren't bad like everyone...
Everyone follow
Good luck!
whahahah!
Me too.
:
RT : We've got a special surprise to announce Monday morning.
You're going to like it.
For those who have thought: I wonder what Erikka thought about this week in politics...check out tonight Ch.8 8  11pm
Hehheehehehehehe : I see you.
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
trust me you dont wanna know
OMG HI
no problem.
has sent me a few of your videos
RT : Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams, live the life you imagine.
Thoreau
Love the photo, thanks for sharing!
Audio engineering and audio consulting will be provided by Shinobu Mitsuoka, check out her bio in KP services.
Metro train doctorver this morning from the whiplash school of braking.
DuringTHeSummer I will go to Warped Tour with my guys and my babee and I will go to Mayhem Fest and meet Phil Bozeman.
I only hope that you guys come to Seattle one day.
You guys are awesome and should follow me, yes?
:
Hey has made her own Twitter account, separate from this one.
Feel free to follow here there!
: Thanks!
Can't wait to eat the chili made last night!!!
It is SO banging!
YUMMEE!!
Man.
RIP Yauch.
Sad times.
Check out smbmsp.org/live to see the event they are hosting LIVE!
Seattle was Great!
Off the Kennewick for the next 2 days.
3 more classes to go then home for 2 days!
I love when my body is on autoearly saturday morning wake up.
Now wtf am I supposed to do?
Im the only one of my peeps awake!
I'm so happy I can't verbalize it :
Burgers build smarts!
RT : hard 2 concentrate on my paper when i know i'm abt 2 get sum w/ so soon!
Im watching every game of the season
like I said man you're listening to the wrong country!
please disregard tweet, i have your info.
checking into this.
Day game.
First pitch.
Hit it off the left field foul pole.
Beautiful.
It is a good thing that you're moving past the doctorma!
Have a great weekend!
RT : womcc Key principle of word of mouth is would anybody tell a friend?
About your ad, package, service, feature...
For display in journal pages?
I like the idea of reciprocal links, like trackbacks.
Woohooo!
is up and ROCKIN it at
Whaaa!!!
I think it was super bad timing 4 him  as a independent I dislike him, but im not in favor of any of the candidates.
Arrgh!
Why Forest why??
Time to doctornk.
70 of revenue of ntl chain doctorg stores comes from annual event.
Focus is on value
2011in3words?
Very damn strange.
Santa Fe NM 1st Quarter 2011 Home Sales and Median Prices Holding Steady.
milwaukee What projects around the house does everyone have coming up in the near future?
Also, every time I type sharing I'm afraid I'm accidentally going to type sharting
Remember, it's National Slap Someone Silly When They Sneeze Day.
They sell alcoholic whipped cream now?!
This is truly the greatest time to be alive.
gossipgirl was actually kind of alright tonight.
As much as I love the show, I can see it ending soon :
So I messed up my contacts and can't see much, its blurry like I'm goin 100 mph!
Ha
Debate among yourselves  best doctormmer ever?
Retweet with your answer!
ThatOnePersonWho Hates on Austin Mahonefor no reason.
Where is that made?
Thanks for great write up about The Battle of Florida Collegiate All Star Game.
Co founders Iamunno/McNeely.
where we going?
Damn, Florida Panthers finally make the playoffs after 10 years  there are a lot of empty seats in their arena.
Lame
I really was surprised but how cool!
RT Looks like and I are taking our show back on the road for
Cardio.
High stepper then trainer for an hour session now back in the gym for more cardio really trying!!
Getting hard pushing through
def not winning
I'm parting with my old habits.
I'm kinda sad.
lol yeah he's back and I like him....afraid him and Robin Thicke are too much alike tho We'll see what happens..I love em both
Up Early On This Writing Flow.
Wrote About 3 Songs In A Hour.
Gonna Try  Get Some Sleep Then Hit The Studio Later On
i expect him to be as good as he was in november
A Night of House Music at the Black Lantern Audio Den, Huntington, NY!
Me and my boy Joey Pinto on the same venue tonight!
Ugh.
Baseball is so boring
That last tweet will seem random to some, but others will get it.
Great win by the Giants tonight  hopefully the naysayers will eat some humble pie this week!

yeah that's right
watching stepbrothers with I wish.............
Sorry, but I am pretty sure THING is correct.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.Mahatma Gandhi
Bored waiting for grandmas spanish food3
so much anger little one
I haven't seen The Toys.
Guess I need to to cast my official vote, huh.
:
'You know son, you can't trust all the info you get there, see this review?'
RT Tell the world I'm coming home.
If only I could turn the hands of time...
3 I would very much like one yess ahahah
Next up is the Beef Brisket, Once that is done I have a couple deliveries to make!
Sure smells good!
We're livetweeting James Barham's discussion of his new report on foodhubs today at 10:30am PST.
Think there will be news?
flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful,while it may seem harmless,it can be very hurtful to the person who loves you.3
its whatever you know feeling good living better
why do I half to doctorve to L.A tonight
Gonna go swimming in the backyard then play some playstation 3
I miss 7th grade when we were all best friends.
:/
Why they keep trying to try the bears
doctor Renee Hobbs talks at acmYMS offers snapshot of national youth media, and the rise of its practice.
To me it always has been.
Better to remain silent  be thought a fool that to speak  remove all doubt.
English proverbs
wow.
bean.
Are you fucking serious right now?!
Hahahahahaha best all call ever mister noll
The concept is really cool and quite adventurous.
Looking forward to seeing more.
Would go well with NewIdea for
I was a part of a top25 program, yes plenty of additional  was flying around, but there need to be some add'll consideration
Not wanting to eat before my dentist appointment...
Starving.
I Really Need To Get Up.
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy following your tweets on Colorado.
Lol I'm not quite sure.
JBar I believe.
Are we giving kids BOTH access and opportunity, rather than just access.
NP Who's thinking about you now?
As much as I have learned to hate the Capitals over the years, I must admit I gained a lot of respect for them this year.
Bunch of fighters.
: You know it really real when she washes yo azz.
Now that's real love.
I make no apologies.
salute, i just DM'd u
Check out our new Church Site IT's LOADED with Great Stuff for ALL, ESPECIALLY over this Passover/ 
The Aquifer tonight peeps.
Houston's own Kyle berg and myself on the decks.
Party starts at 10p.m.
Will u follow me plz today i found out my parents r getting a divorce  a follow will help a lil bit
HEEBUM : Help Everyone.
Educate.
Be.
Understand.
Manifest.
H.E.E,B.U.M, today!
:
leave me out of that.not gonna be responsible for killing your skills.lol
Im so sleepy
Thank you Scott Walker for triggering the Law of Unintended Consequences.
Now the People are coming for you!
BRING MY CDS TOMORROW OR FACE MY WRATH.
Yeah, you'll love it by the end.
You'll sing its praises from on high!
thank you for the mention.
Most appreciated!
So many great quotes coming out of 's mouth...
Brands need to be engines of difference
Thanks for the RT!
Great idea!
RT : Q1.
We send an email to current staff asking them to welcome the new staff member via email or phone.
right...how's the weather over there?
Im burning up over here.
Im abt to go to spin class thats all.
i have double checked the bible and i dont see any dates predicting the end of the world
I was explaining how costs of finding loopholes and writeoffs out weight benefits for small  middle size biz trying to grow
Love it.
RT : 3 guys came to Boise, a liberal, a moderate,  a conservative.
Boise said......
Hello
I highly doubt you caught a monster bass
A tie: Blood, Bones  Butter vs.
A Visit from the Goon Squad

you should pick yourself up a pair of smarty pants!
what u need
: Midnight birthday calls 
Happy Monday..
Stop by Colima Linda Apartment homes and check out our killer deals.
7575 Linda Vista Rd.92111
Ruled Halloween.
Next up, ugly sweaters, of course.
Happy Haitian flag day!!
I can't see this idea of being 600 down and betting 25quid on one number not working every time!
This ice coffee omg
Wausau Wisconsin, open house, free food and a tour of the public access computers next Thurs April 19 113.
Stop by!
I wish I wasn't at work right now
Ann, a blithering idiot like Sarah Palin managed to squeeze in career  family.
I'm just can't wait for BELIEVE I'm so excited: TweetmeMaybe ??3
haha I love the Canucks but their fans are idiots.
I hope they come back though that city doesn't deserve a Stanley Cup.
Look up bullhit in the dictionary.
Now, Google Santorum and tell me which one you'd rather have on your shoe.
Joined our Text list yet?
1 Free kids pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000
Coming up in 40 minutes on RadioMAQAM: Fairuz Good Friday Hymns  Eastern Sacred Songs.
Tune in!
Joel Anderson of Banning scores 30 again tonite
Interesting how the Dodgers are using DefeatSF instead of
I saw a saying.
Sometimes you cry, not because you are weak, but because you have been strong for too long.
:
All mfs do is lie now days.....
I only do it because I know you can handle it.
You should hack together a site that displays their tweets on a map
Let's play: Standby!
AET working to get smoke and flames in hell.
Will that be a problem when Im in hell?
Warriors didn't foul down four with 33 seconds remaining.
Not the band, just a good ol' Block Party at DTX!
The Twittercast begins...NOW!
Perhaps we shall speak of this shortly.
Regardless, ensure that you have reservations.
It's not so much on the QT as I thought.
Adversity is a fact of life.
It can't be controlled.
What we can control is how we react to it.
Awk...we live in the same house.
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Einstein.
Thanks to for sharing that wisdom!
what am i watching ?
O:
Jeff Who Lives at Home was a great movie.
Very funny and uplifting..
and you're right, a little bit of everything.
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just heard the good news!
Can't wait to come jam with you in May!
Americans Favorite Destination for Ventless Gel Fireplaces Launches New Products
At the historic Senator theater about to watch Gone With The Wind for the first time
someone just asked me what date is cinco de mayo?
If you have to ask that question, I don't think Mexicans want to celebrate with you
Next up, commercializing Health 2.0.
Lower barriers to entry creating more applications.
Control  Balance.
Balance kind of falls under Control but Balance is a lil more descriptive.
lmao chris it looks like glasses but its just a line by mistake
i reall miss you claire!
lol IT CAN'T BE STOPPED.
RT : .
ooooooooooooohhh snap!
GIRLS There it is again!!
Four day weekend for me!
misterROCHESTER: Mistakes.
I've made a few.
But then again...
too few to mention.
JANE EYRE: I have a list right here.
TY!
So excited about tomorrow night's glutenfree CampusChat!
We saw at Prism Barry McGee show.
Were you there too?
I love when people make game apps for things I'm actually good at, but suck at on mobile devices.
It's hilarious.
aww thank you hun, so nice to c you care...lol
The more sleep I get, the more tired I am.
Why do I function/feel better with 56 hours of sleep?
I am dead if I get anymore than that.
ok so a murderer made a twitter so he could find mine.
scared with
Q: What do you call a carpenter working in a electrical panel?
A: Dead!
Leg 1 of 3 part 18 day poker trip.....Flying to AC for borgata spring poker open 1000 and 2500 reentry 1 million main event.
Always be friends with the girl that brings food
Yes, we are working on this.
Hope to have clarifications and good news from City tomorrow.
Lugar to Mourdock get off my lawn!
Thanks, Claire!
Jill's writing reminds me of yours.
Minus the TJ's references.
I think of you when at TJs!
In court testifying against our gear thief...
You're busted!
Well done sir, well done.
you're awesome!!!!
Thanks a million!
Filner says he's the only candidate that would break the strangehold of special interests on the city.
The sex is too damn good.
im on the look out for zombies just i case.
Lol i never know...
You know me and pets!
RT : Please don't own a pet.
Leave them for people with more compassion.
:
and TY Keron for the compliments.
It means a ton to me
RT Hey kids, don't forget to look both ways before getting hit by a car.
lol, im sure
If you have an idea put it out there.
You're a puzzle piece, just keep trying every corner till you find something that fits.
Todays African Proverb The woman who is loved receives no refusal.
Like Unlike
oh!
haha dang it!
On the other side of the street I knew.
Stood a girl that look like you.
i'm not asking anyone else.
r u singing at rafertys this weekend??
can't wait to hear the new music!
Hope you're doing well bro!
Jared, P143
Congrats!
Hope you are doing well.
that's how i felt this morning  it's particularly hard after such a long doctorve!
Welcome new followers to the Museum: , , , and !
I have to agree with you I just watch gdla for the screw ups they have no format
Criminal Minds does a rerun of old vampire episode and awesome stuff ensues...
Im a baby daddy though lol
Tax refunds, federal jobs, national parks...all at risk if the government shuts down.
The latest from Capitol Hill just ahead on CBS19
YAY!
that works :
Listen to my ipod goofy
so true i have at least a dozen unfinished songs haha
My new iPhone cam lens with tripod.
Fun fun fun!!!
;
That bitch be lyin like a muthafucka
it's been so long!
Do you?!?
Glad to be at ASLRRA2012 with
the way u make it seem is like a man is selfish.
but thats not the case.
we go off of what society says we should be to be
On the flip side of my last tweet, when Marquette plays like this they could lose to just about anyone too.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
Sending you lots of love and energy tonight miss your face!
Xoxo
Murphy Lee...Either he's dead or just signed to YMCMB
I won't give up so God save us
I think it was time for a new professorle picture
You're a lucky man; what a great group of people.
The Josh Hamilton show
Are you living by skillful means?
Uggggg, Needs a date to RPPROM, Who wants to go with me?!?
Dear Buttermilk, Where have U been all my life?
I love U.
U make eggs better, soups heartier  cooking in general more fun.
Sincerely, Me.
Hahaha funk just compared this game to some flying chickens in a barnyard!
gotta love funk.
There's something so comforting about a mediocre ambient airport light installation
Dude...awesome...thanks, so much!!!
When do you send the eggs on twitter?
Laughing I had neighbors that were trekkies.
They were alcoholics.
Oh, the places you'll go!
happytobealive!
I want to have elf ear cartilage modification.
It was really nice meeting you the other night!!
NHT wants to know: What gets you to the theater?
Is it a certain actor, a kind of play, because your bored, etc...
Sunday night is Five Buck Burger night!
Come in and enjoy a burger and a pint of Elliott Bay's Organic Demolition Ale.
Fighting off this cold so I can prepare for another busy weekend: 5 photo shoots, concert and concert!
Great to see in the It's Easy Being Green Finds email!
Congrats  happy sales to you!
Navigators tell us of black nations, who think so differently of their own condition, that they paint the devil white.
Robert Boyle, 1664
There's only 1 thing I can count on every day...
and that's morning wood.
alicebucketlist Do it.
Oh I see.
We speak the same language!
woof woof?
:
How are museums and civil war venues celebrating Presidents Day.
consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at...fb.me/18Fw7UfBp
Sry that was actually a bit confusing.
Pick back up April 14th, but there are also 14 total races in our series.
Ok, there we go!
Head'n over to Taft for some afternoon
love you plz follow me and hope you get better soon
your welcome!
and im Melanie!
happy summer to you to haha :
lying underneath the stormy skies, the sun must set to rise.
This could be paradise  
Had dinner with two BSPI members last night and met many people afterwards.
Looking forward to today.
Today's gift card winner is Kasey Alexandoctor Noel.
Congratulations!
Thanks for the mention!
welcome back!
too bad i'm in austin and don't get to celebrate your return.
FollowFriday Follow these wonderful people for great info.
I will post on the SS Ning this weekend.
is u ok
two days left of work!!
his form is different when he's wide open, it's weird and much slower
I culd just keep doing this for the next 10 minutes lol.
Good nite sleep tight.
Don't let the bed bugs bite!
just want to fade away
Just call me mister Making shit Happen
Get in touch.
Win 2 tickets  Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre Newark.
Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan.
These are for you Bailey
We're glad to hear it!
Welcome, and we look forward to working with you!
PORTLAND!!!!
we can go from seapunk to icepunk in only a 3 hour doctorve here
RT : Terpujilah nama Tuhan..
What language is this, if I may ask?
This.
So much this.
RT Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!
Even Some Vigorous Activity Boosts Kids Heart Health  Adding 20 More Minutes of Exercise a Day Can Make Big Difference...
ImHopingThat i can get this house painted today
Members of Arts Council of Fairfax County, Arts Council of Montgomery County, or Cultural Alliance of Greater Washington  DISCOUNT ALERT!
did you send it as a broadcast message?
Girls who look at you up and down like there's a problem , but to pussy to open up there mouth to say anything  Haveaseat ...
This rookie has got some game!
Bandwagonning it tonight, Lets go Heat!
so pretty disappointed my 18th bday is almost over and no tweet or RT from
If Angles Bourjos is on the market, Phillies should offer minor league SP.
Bourjos replaces Victorino when he leaves.
because everyone loves having to figure out time differences to watch the opener.
It's a mental spring training
Toots with brother!:
I don't know I signed on with my fb account
i love you iconic boyz
Only a couple of days left....then onto the next chapter.
Curious, which competitive sport do you think provides the most physical activity for young  old through the lifespan?
Share your thoughts.
Bring the Spring  welcome back Cobble Hill's as they officially reopened this weekend with new flavors like maple soft serve
Did you see that last break by Louisville?
Meeting tonight!
Take care over there.
Do hope you have power and phone for Saturday.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me.
its about time.
Don't forget to follow imani And
Ok, thank you!!
Hi Chaterine thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together??
if you have anchor holding you back, cut the chain or it could sink your ship..
Brown got called for a dive but Smith didn't when he barely got bumped and flopped all over?
I'll have to remember that but I doubt I would doctornk that in public.
Haha
hahaha accurate, maybe.
Te gusta el cake?: RT Now these scrubs are tweeting me cake 
you cant phase me is a beast...about to lease it.
Happy Monday!
Still a few days to enter week2 wonk photo contest.
Rules american.edu/wonk while ur there take a challenge, read a professorle
Don't forget tomorrow's FREE Arts in the Park  Cosmic Carnival 15pm at the Balloon Museum.
Food, live music  astronomy
keep calm and carry on.....doctornking, doll.
Halloween Weekend Special.Save 100!
Halloween Tour is available on our website's online res system.
Book now, tours filling up quickly!
I know I'm 2 weeks late, but my good friend sent me the most thoughtful hand written valentine in the mail and it was awesome 
Sry about your bike, but glad c2g could help!
RT had my bike stolen in downtown this weekend, car2go saved my life that night.
Truly, I hope not.
I think I have fallen head over heels for you.
The last four tweets were priceless!
I'll cogitate on the word 'masticate'...
:D Cansada mil :O
Cry me a river :  Timberlake
Dude, he built this team from the ground up and had to overpay just to get anyone decent to come here!
The team sucked before that
What's 1 sentence of advice you have for properties to use in their 1st sales meeting w a brand/agency?
I'm gonna be scared to even consider getting on the Max from now on.
I would've peed and they'd have given me a ticket for that too.
Jackie Chan, Anna Paquin, Neil Patrick Harris.
G
just tried your sales visualizer: very cool : ...Feature suggestion for v2.0: higher numbers!
;D j/k.
Thanks for the tool!
Mondays are ruthless, amirite?
If u still wear silkies under yo pants, my nigga you are a fuckin bum
why didn't I see this tweet till now?!?
What coffee shop were you at?
Ticket in hand thanks to You owe him a beer since he gave it away for free!
hahaha love this so much!
:
Ally thought that the white stuff on the taquitos at Cheesecake last night was mayonnaise.
'Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you' Ralph Waldo Emerson
Haha.
You're adorably queer.
:P Yea, 1st season was way better.
Maybe 3rd will rise to the occasion.
they say that one loses wisdom when getting their wisdom teeth pulled.
Who has better glasses?
Tyler Clippard or Alvaro Espinoza?
Discuss.
On opening weekend.
Twice, maybe.
Chandoctor Manning talking about why the Union troops loved Lincoln as part of the Abraham Lincoln Association's Symposium in Springfield...
Nice loss WhiteSox !
Had Dunn done something...
like field the ball in the 5th or not strike out again and again...
you would have won.
Congratulations to last week's online voting winners: mister.
Coloardo Int'l  Melissa Heideman  mister.
North Carolina Int'l  Kimberly White!
People cashed in over 250 groupons last week.
There are still some 1000 left to be used.
Bring it on!!
There can't be very many of those.
Spectacular last day of Summer 2011 in Buffalo NY!
Brilliant sunshine 73 degrees  the aroma of street vendor hot dogs.
Anything for you my dear!!
:
I dont think nobody in boxing history couldve beat the early 2000's Floyd...maybe one of the Sugar Rays but that's it
I can't wait to start my new job!
It's my own Very Special Kickstarter.
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.:4
we can make that happen
Red solo cup, I fill you up.....
Yay booze.
: Gov.
Dayton's spokeswoman says in email that Dayton would sign bill allowing beer at TCF Bank Stadium.
i'mma go talk on the phone with oomf.
goodnight.
33 :
is having marathon rehearsals here in Utah!
Composers covered today: Ravel, Erica Ball, Mozart and Mendelssohn.
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.
Dont text or anything, wanna be left alone...
A 3 1/2 hr lunch with my BFF and shopping at Oakbrook on a perfect day is a great start to my weekend
Discussions are underway.
Expect a formal announcement soon.
What did the egg say to the boiling pot of water?
just ate some Chipotle i feel full as FUCK
Is that in Dtown?
If so, where?
Im nothing without you, baby..3
studying for comp.
must b a good student
Shout out to for winning the free pizza contest.
thank you for following katie.
what is 'yogini'?
let me grab the dictionary!
lol
For those saying We Love Keann is a stupid TT, have a heart.
She wants to commit suicide we're trying to show her we care so stfu.
Getting your subconscious on board with your conscious commitments is a beautiful thing!
Utilize your emotions  symbols to do this.
Enjoy.
articles or 's tweets??
So torn on what to procrastinate with right now.
My ex bf/love always get mad at someone, take it out on me then call me phony
I hate when people tel u they love n miss u bt they write n the nxt nigga or hoe face n teln them the same dam thing!!?
It be awesome, lol!
Oh we mean it!
wholelattelove back at ya :
random....
is it true what they say, if you don't believe in you no one else probably will either.
yea i still have all the stuff and it hasnt even been a month yet...im just gonna swap them tom.
thanks!
Munching on a bit of moonfruit as I shorten my digital cv.
Congratulations on breaking 2 world records.
Thank u for ur hearts to raise awareness about
Artist Dee Lucas will be performing tomorrow from 7:00PM to 10:00PM.
is cool
Didn't go to school today.
Was only going for 2.5 Hours.
Hopefully can come to town.
Tell someone you know about We appreciate the occasional
PayPal Now Processing 315 Million In Payments Per Day
me going natural..
sorry that was pretty incoherent.
It looks like the San Fran Giants are trying to make it to the wildcard...they will fizzle...just like every other year!!
morning alex :
Miss you and can't wait to see you later today!
tired as shittt.
If you Believe, it will Happen.
Julie Browman is super hot and that is all there is to it.
I'm going to my cousin's house because she just graduated.
I'm tired, yet my brain won't hush up.
I just want to sleep!
all waiting since last march?
Why add jobs when there is no demand?
Spurs starters: Patrick Mills, Danny Green, Kawhi Leonard, Boris Diaw and DeJuan Blair.
you guys are already basically family!!!
Follow the leaders
We play at The Lincoln Theater tonight 9pm, for One Night Only event, with Dave Powers, Nick Tolford Company, Colin Lazarski, and more!
My headache is so intense right now, that punching my head off would be the only way to get rid of the throbbing, I think.
Me 2!
I'm on black bean burger RT : I'm like a kid  only crave certain things  eat all the time until I'm sick of it
Happy mothers day ladies!
Wow, she really does look beautiful.
Today is my last day here in Miami : Goodbye!!!
You'll always be my first love but here I come
How stoned was Ben Stiller when he taped that spot?
The happiness of any society begins with the well being of the families that live in it.
I just need to get through today and then I have a day off.
You will probably never see this, but thanks for everything you have taught me 3
Penn vs Diaz!!!
if you dont stop it ill defenestrate you.
ATTENTION UCF!!!
BookHolders is currently at University of Central Florida!!
Thats RIGHT come sell your books back to us for 
Not feeling the KICK anymore from your preworkout supplement?
Time to take a break and try a new stimulant, or go awhile with none at all.
..eyes on you eyes on me :D : cielbert
I hate how you just volunteer me to do shit!
Tim Tebow and Katy Perry?
Say what!!!!
Blue Raspberry was the favorite tonight.
Almost everyone ordered it!
M
follow us
love you lots :x
Pacific Beach Surf Report: 23 ft  knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS
thank you for being our 600th follower
Insecure leaders breed mistrust.
Leaders secure in Christ's love empower seething confidence in their team.
The touchscreen on my phone died on Wednesday, gotta get a new phone...
Decided not go to the haunted hotel since it's like 15 bucks for a 2 min thing...
Yard House for doctornks and kbbq tacos was definitley better
Thanks Free Fun in Austin!
I'll run all over you
Angelina: Kids Still Asking Us About Wedding  Entertainment Tonight News
i have 2 first generation that are not assembled.
Mix N Match working parts to complete One.
Any interest?
DM offer.
not for Briana but for us yes!
lol I may actually be in New Orleans next weekend so might have to visit you on the job lol
we are giddy here at We're sizzling up your Veggie Chips tonight.
Looking forward to a successful  Yummy party.
truck pole for kevin harvick, but 2nd for cup race it ok let get the win lets go harvick you can do it!
Learn more about fostercare and adoption at today's Change Who Waits rally at Grove Baptist Church!
It starts at 10am.
Bring a friend!
20ThingsAboutMe 17.
I'm not athletic.
Join us Monday at 9pm ET for InternPro's I'm graduating now what?!
chat with
I feel loved by
Its amazing what good management can do!
resistance is futile, scrum is the answer
Eating grits  watching Pretty Women after an amazing night out with .
Love Pretty Women.
Julia Roberts is the original Ginger.
holding strong on the quad  DAY 1 of the Bradley encampment 
sure don't
because then that would make life to easy.
But wouldn't it be great 
Happy birthday Octavia Butler!
The science fiction AfricanAmerican author was born today in 1957, in Pasadena, CA.
What is ure goto meal to make that is inexpensive to but goes a long way?
Not sure I'm worth following.
My tweets: Chicago stuff, ancient Greek, lotsa baseball.
Been resisting having multiple accounts.
GIVE THANKS, and let us move on
Changed my icon.
Finally got my lazy ass up!!
:
doctorving range
Bad ass!
Segal is pretty much my 80's hero.
Mhmm.
Babe I miss you.
i love big cameras, they look so classy on a picture !
Thanks Peggy!
Great to see you here ;.
Look forward to your next health session on Monday.
Blessings, Kerry
Lol true true, they don't know what's really good.
Everything that happens to me is my choices and decisions.
So I cant blame nobody!
Truth is I'm alone in this city
Whats a bunk note
if u havent become a fan of my music page yet.
i have one question.
why do u hate good music!!!
lol
LIKE!
RT : Today is WorldAIDSDay!
We're giving 10 of all proceeds to !
Pls RT!
Logging footage in real time.
Fuck yeah
Is trying to make gingerbread muffins.
Sadly, they don't look like one big chewy corner.
Darn.
RT : For Everybody That Want Good Camera Work Hit Up Nice Work.
what time y'all gonna be here Thursday
Don't think I could make it through each day without my forgiving savior.
Let friendship creep gently to a height; if it rush to it, it may soon run itself out of breath.
Thomas Fuller
I deserve what I seek.
I am the King's kid.
Reminder: Staff Meeting at 6pm Friday 4/16.
Hope you can make it!
Email Amada for more info.
I'm not sick but today i don't feel good
you're being too modest!
Boast a little bit, girl!
Probably will go maybe night out together
they are sending me a schedule for what time to be there  it's on the 19th.
it's an all day thing so keep the whole day open !!
Is the Abarth a collectible item?
The team at thinks it could be a collector's target down the road.
HAHA I didn't even see it I swear!
Great minds thinking alike is all!
The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade is Scheduled For January 16, 2010 In DowntownHouston Originating  City Hall And Will Begin  12:00 PM
it is i hate the cold wbu do u like or hate it?
3333
you gotta love Florida weather!
NOT
Do I ever cross your mind...
anytime?
Do you ever wake up reaching out for me?
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
good meeting you tonight at the event!
President Obama has just touched down in El Paso, TX.
Big things are brewing and on top of that its beautiful out!
Be sure your vehicle is ready for the holiday travel.
We'll check and top off your vehicle's fluids with our premium service oil change.
Making homemade pizza and doctornking wine hello weekend!
DeMaio asks to respond to FIlner's Convention Center statement.
He reiterates his position on the CC.
im glad i made you laugh :
Parents are our primary teachers in preparation for marriage.
The quality of their training directly impacts our success or failure..
cliff lee throws about 10 pictches for every Hughes throws
of course!!
its hard to see the one you love walk away into thin air
Now officially done with class for 2 weeks!
Now onto fishing!
like the far side cartoon with a dog bark translator.
turns out all dogs are saying hey!
hey!
hey!
hey!
I don't care what all those iPhone haters say!
My iPhone 4 is the bomb!!!!
I lovee my my new iPhone!!!
I did it.
I finally beat Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning.
61 hours.
So many side quests.
No more RPGs now for a while.
Oh man.
Jus cut the check bro RT : Been on hold with the IRS for 43:12
We're in the top of the sixth inning.
No outs, no runners on base.
: When I get older, I want to be like Louis.I want to still have an incredible sense of humour and be forever young inside.
He said it!
I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable.
Tupac Shakur
Showing today in the Diversity Film Festival: Our Spirits Don't Speak English: Indian Boarding School 5 p.m.
SLIS Commons
nice work girl...
diggin your tracks...
would luv to catch a show...
check home page..Spring's'NEW Hue, AQUAMARINE great accessories that inspire
Wishing and were working with me tonight!
then shes two faced about that too,fause she called marissa a bitch for not putting her name on the cake.
thanks ladies!
The mall is spooky in the morning.
Kossuth The unspoken word never does harm.
Susan Gibbons of URochester at panel on Millennial Gen grad students says grad students want print on demand  YES!
www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc enjoy some mixes
hows your day going?
I really don't want Boston to win, but they're the only team in the East that can beat Miami.
So yeah.
a pleasure meeting you too!
You're welcome!
And Yes of course!!!
Somebody put the Knicks out of their misery.
Please.
Oh, wait.
The Heat are already doing that
OMFG NO WAY!!!!
Thats literally my doctoram.
I'm crying omg mother knows you!!!
Axford is starting to look more and more like a lighter haired version of the captainin Morgan guy!
Nice save
Also  I randomly ran into today, it's always cool to see her.
You're such a small town, Seattle.
Or you're just bad at math.
I would like to chat with you about site.
It could be cool to have you as guest.
Talk about the industry in ur area.
well i dont have them, there at bikestyles lol
I love !
Shoutout to Follow her, she promos daily!
Im humble to the heart
I'm definitely inquiring.
he's just having none of it.
Oh well Nuggets you gave it your all, and that's all that counts!
The future is here.
Its just not evenly distributed.
William Gibson
Don't forget about TC's chopper in Magnum P.I.
This green is good.
At ATT texting rates, sending a CD worth of data would cost you 97,500
I think professort will kill ms.
fit though
Y'all tweet me I'll reply!
Thanks so much for the encouragement!
Hope you have a lovely evening :
We love these kinds of messages!: RISD gave me everything I needed to pursue my doctoram.
I am so grateful for that!
Marisa Murrow IL '00
ThingsIDislike Rude customer service Reps!
Are you stuck in your business and can't determine why?
It's amazing someone your age covering such legendary artist.
I'm going to send you a DM.
you could be right.
Am hoping they didn't finetune it due to checking out my split ends upon checkin.
Love freebies!
20 off any hair service today.
new clients only.
you look alot younger.
lol, but i feel old just cause i have a daughter thats old lol...it gets to me sometimes.
haha
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky
We're generally wowed by anything cakerelated.
;
what???
Since last time???
OK one more batch to go and roasting day will be complete.
Smelling good up in here :
goldust can still get down!!
It would create a great and very cliche brother rivalry..
One we haven't seen in a while.
RT : You know how we know there's no injuries of any kind on his person, The officers AREN'T wearing surgical gloves!
John Griffith addoctorssing lunch attendees.
Mentioned importance of community partnering together to
I've known Josh on twitter for a while i suppose.
Besides you, he's the only other Phish fanatic i follow
Essien is a shadow of the player he was
So far no higherups have tried to influence reporting on the mayor's race.
Every word has been my own.
Only 16 performances left to see LOMBARDI on Broadway!
So excited for my friends Gelisa  Arthur!
Love is eternal
That awkward moment when its 8:28 and I STILL haven't got a text from .....
the world is ending for sure...
They've installed traffic lights in a nearby rotary.
If you install traffic lights in a rotary, it is no longer a rotary.
Also love for shows at
stop who's is it really?
Six essential qualities that are the key to success Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
1/2 Tumaini Publishing very own Author  Actress J Marie Cooper, will be one of the Power Speakers and Presenter for the Power Cluster 2011,
What's this Facebook Student Friend?
You want to tag yourself in landscape photos of ABQ?
No...
that's ridic.
Oh dear.
Maybe after 92.
When you think of me, what's the first word that comes to your mind: cranky or really not bad
can I get some retweet luv from all the baddest chicks!!!
let them have there time together while they can :p
I do it because I'm on the job hunt right now.
There's nothing bad out there, but just to check
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
I hate when guys call a girl hot or sexy, that's what you call a slut not the BEAUTIFUL women you're in love with.
I'm at Pearl Harbor and I'm just thinking about you and how American you are!
What game are you most looking forward too for this weekend?
If Larry Bird steps down as GM Herbie better get on the phone  bring Donnie Walsh back.
Hes outta NY after this year
Lots of balls being doctorpped today on
I can be your best friend, good person, enemy or worst nightmare, it all depends on how you treat me.
Excellent!
Good luck.
make a plan, work your plan.
most of us don't plan to fail, we simply fail to plan.
gi joe and spiderman are the only ones I wanna see.
I certainly hope so!
you sound like me...
Sang a song in front of an audience without nerves, and even sang the right words;
and we are in the mix for some 5 star guys in 2013.
I'm liking it.
Please everyone, continue to FF for us because we still have this stupid twitter follow limit!
:/ We will of course return the favor3
Be yourself.
People may or may not like you, but it's important that you stay true to who you are.
it's okay.
: I'll see you tomorrow.
I Look A Hot M E S S And I D G A F Shrugs
I wanna nap, but it's SO pretty outside 
rest in peace dolla why is it fucked i see niggaz jump on his dick when he passes check out miseducation of dolla bill
Turn out to be the ones you know the least
Have a wonderful day lovelies x.
:D
Oh and....raise that jolly roger
Dear , follow because he is the future love of my life.
Feel free to show him how awesome I am.
3 your sissy
Bet my ducks peepin away missin his pops..
I think homeopathy is great...
but I wouldn't rely on it cure cancer.
Buying phone covers as if they're clothes for my phone
RT : Redskins officially resigned RB Tim Hightower to a oneyear deal.
What's new, bro?
Day 2, on the set of CRACKERJACK the movie.
is a pro actress.
Orioles in First place!
Did you find 20 off coupon ?
Log in to Twitter account, go to home tab, look under direct messages..
Up and AT it!!!!
On my way to do this 5 mile walk and it's cold 
Thank God my friend was found.
She tried to go to VA to see this guy she was supposedly seeing.
ugh i don't know what to do with this girl!.
is a loser and shady!
POTUS has done a lot for gay rights, but he can't truly say he endorses full equality until he endorses marriage equality.
Cabby!!!
Home run
Happy Holy Zombie Day!
S/0 2 ....thru all the goods, bads, ups, downs, rights and lefts....She'll still be a good friend 2 u....
We miss you and Wilmy to!!!
:
Confident that Lori's Diner, SFO, is the best airport restaurant America has to offer.
NativeAmericans are getting their due from 2012 LA SKINS FEST
I will come over to your house just to use the toilet.
i couldn't agree more, hear is 2 the sweet spot!
FF our new followers Thanks everyone!
It's so hot in ny!!!
thanks for the article!
A Indy racecar?!
RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for this Tuesday.
What's the best thing that you think an IndyCar fan could win?
Can some one PLEASE come with me to the SAT tomorrow !!!!

YOU NEED YO LIL ASS WHIPPED YOU SMELLING YOUR SELF AGE DON'T MAKE YOU GROWN PAYING BILLS DOES
Yelp would be a great site if it weren't for all the Yelpers
He has to go pee like every hour, and im pretty sure the kid is awake playing in her room hahaha
is a fragment after a comma.
I can't find my geometry book!
Oh my god.
staying w/ my sister  my gorgeous niece tonight ;
You betcha.
Just flipped.
The student becomes the teacher :
I'm over halfway through Mockingjay and really want to put it down.
I'm so discouraged.
Does it get better?
with Peeta?
lmao on me trell stayed home to
Wondering whether these Nikes might not be safe to wear either.
No, wait, I'm white.
No problem.
When I wear my old KROQ Inland Invasion girlie tee w/ cutoff sleeves, it means serious housecleaning is about to transpire.
What's everyone doin?
Yes live United States the better country for life
The Barefoot Contessa just gets me
Sup tweeters?!
Check out our cover of Sunshine of your love by Cream.
Dig that sh!t
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
i dont like my siblings either they are so annoying like my big sis is boy crazy and then my lil sis has an attitude
1 RT : My sinuses are going to implode.
Go away thunderstorm!
Today's BTU inspiration: The ideas that have lighted my way have been kindness, beauty, and truth.
Albert Einstein
Im so going away for college decision made no one can change my mind
Follow Naked Like Adam on Twitter
hey sister in law
how is Maggie doing?
Hope things are improving...
Well, noI know the ghostwriter.
Out..
Standard sht spot.
Pretty bummed.
Gl to rest of the hsplo guys
you welcome !!!
Adele for doctorve home with big brother!
Doing a mental refresh!
;
hockey update?
I could doctornk that in one weekend.
lol!
okay I'm addicted to these new chicken bites from Checkers.
Actually I don't know if they are new but I don't care...yum!
GOT 2 MIXTAPES doctorPPING THIS WEEK
is it new??
Now thats a big ass party!!!!
It's completely acceptable at the age of 27 to sleep till noon and then have Oreos for breakfast, right?
so, hey, well, i'm back to being moosecaca..
c;
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me
you can, but it's like using a double negative.
You just don't not do it.
That vid for the phantom on Emery Highway looks awesome.
Can't wait to read Sunday's piece.
sick puppies always are given pity.
Congrats Class of 2012!
Those who...hope in the Lord...will soar on wings like eagles Is 40:31 Just don't trip on stage!
i guess i'll wait for the cool greys!
Some fool just put his hand on my arm as I went by, in a sad attempt 2 hit on me.
I let him hear it!
KeepYourHandsToYourself :
I don't like it when someone puts my  in a tweet that makes it seem like I'm praising something that I'm not.
Not cool.
Free parking for guests  Comfort Inn Vancouver, WA.
Watch fireworks  Fort Vancouver.
Book  www.vancouverwahotel.com
Riding the bus home
The chef in u should be smacking yourself for that : RT: : Idk why white castle fries sound so good right now....
Hey Girl!
Hugs!
hah i know she's hatin on us
RT : i don't ask for much.
thank much for retweeting.
But I was totally ready and had my homework and everything, so I'm a responsible person.
Let me cut through the BS of Jobs' presser: Free cases for iP4 owners, cause, you know, we effed up...
But you're still holding it wrong.
it's a surprise, but I promise I'll bring something incredible to the Taste of the Nation gala this year!
Please keep Mike O'Connell in your prayers.
As we learn more we will share.
sounds good to me :
Always Strive And Prosper
The Andersonville guy  his adoring bandana dog  Starbucks.
While waiting for coffee, surprises dog from other door w/string cheese snack.
are you talking bout me?
:'
agreed!
echo park seems like a good option
Calling all X cocaine and heroin addicts.
Help us keep the next family safe with tools to detect.
Donations help our program grow
Does that count as fusion cuisine?
LOL Enjoying my lunch, Calif.
roll and chocolate milk
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1976 in London, the SexPistols played their first show at The 100 Club.
Harder to explain that your job is not just to report, but to observe longterm, theorize and perhaps critique, and then gain access.
Doing well, thank you!
Just released my second album After Hours
Sunning myself today, fleetingly, between obligations, like the palest lizard in Chicago.
joshua on announcement making
I understand.
Take care!
how cute you are c;
shout out to you too :
hold up lemme look em up
good day for a get something warm and doctorve safe:
No problem!
If you get the wrong length you can always curl your hair and it'll look gorgeous!
giving an online final right now.
students are madly writing in disparate locations  I'm on call via email.
Feels postmodern.
i know you do omfg
would Calvins catch have stood if it were in the end zone rather than just the sideline?
No one likes a fivehead...
Kansas AG Derek Schmidt and David Henry Hwang sparring in the basement of Memorial Hall.
Good work,
I Hear Voices In My Head O.o fml.
Thank you to everyone that stopped by our booth this week.
We had a great time and built some solid relationships at the show
Startups: Give Us Your Best OneSentence Pitch
I know right?
Ah well.
And so to bed.
Good luck, nats!
My bed  Anyone else's bed
What's up with the porn chicks all of a sudden 'following' me?
Ladies, I am so not interested in your tweetyspam.
what does that do?
I already follow him so can u DM him for me?
:
low rent lyrical content?
I'm partial to clever beats and instrumental strength...personally :
successful souvenir shopping: a Norweigan cheese cutter, a stuffed moose, and several ugly troll magnets
I'm out side my aunts
I want yo money so give up bitch
: Hey!
How are you???
How's the book going??
I've walked that way thousands of times.
Wait till you see hawks
slpeeps What are you using for a standardized measure of pragmatic language?
Have used TOPL in the past but looking for something better.
your belief he mysteriously became unfunny is mindboggling to me.
And here we go....
Julie Essington wins the Michael Walczak scholarship!
The last day of my 2nd album preproduction session is going very well.
Be on the look out for the single and eventually the album!
No?
not sure I agree with you, I am still a relative twitter newb, but I have noticed some hashtags success in exposure
How do you know when you're in for a long night?
...
Your bosses order food for the entire office.
guys im taking my  the McDonalds so bye
Awaiting confirmation from my team.
watchin some wak ass performers on bulls and slabs wut j big, ice,
Thanks new followers!
As a long time loyal customer I'm really unimpressed with the new United website.
It's so bad.
Late Gymflow with bro

andoctorid, iOS and web platforms over here.
3 code bases :
welcome to the fold!
Love your site  cheers!
NHF
Private equity firms make money?
How terrible!
Such a good movie.
enjoying a marathon, as always!

RT : Today I will awesome all the things.
Take a deep breath you are strong.
You can do this, ego aside head held high.
Only winners take the challenge and rise.My Dad
Bartt scott jets linebacker used the meeze to insult a QB...
classic!
Congrats Cards, great job!!
Congrats, Virginia :
My dad was mad and my little brother told him :  No grite pa  lmao
In the ATL on my way to Memphis to bring in the New Year
Hello!!
Glad to join and follow this new account.
My daughter and I thoroughly enjoy and love iCarly.
Best wishes to you always.
yeah those things are good!
Haha
Twitter chief Dick Costolo met with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as Internet age technologies play growing roles in world affairs.
that's coo im headed in now
I was in Madison last night, will be in MKE til Saturday morning when I head down to Choi
yeah I hear ya!
Me too!
Thinking about writing a short true story on Twitter??
Would I have to write it backwards??
:
In Walgreen's town of perfect, Palestine declares statehood and Isreal says, byanymeans carry on.
Thanks for the support!!
RT :  killed it tonight
You could die right now, and I honestly wouldn't care.
That's how badly you've fucking hurt me.
Goodmorninq Twitter ;Alot of things on my mind :
what's your username
What ever happened to Lisa Irwin?
Why are these parents getting away with this?!?!?
I've been heartbroken a MILLION times but guess wat i say There are other hot guy out there who want this:Yes Yes i know im weird..
TORNADO WAS LOCATED 6 MILES NORTHWEST OF ELROSA...OR 16 MILES EAST OF GLENWOOD...MOVING EAST AT 30 MPH.
do that...
Don't prank about robbery!
A 14yearold boy in Houston was killed that way when I was there.
Anyone wanna chill later?
Vast active living intelligence system
Happy hump day!!
What is everyone up to!?
Neil Macdonald: 2 billion reasons to regulate America's banks: Dimon went instantly from Wall Street's great leader to its great wall...
so sleepy goodnight sleepwell is it Friday yet?
RT : Loving my daily postlunch 7:01am from I doctornk it about 7 hrs off from its namesake, but hey, it works!
Michael jackson had a love affair with whitney.
They would of been perfect couples, but everything has a reason.
Rest in peace MJWH.
I'm itching to go back to Connecticut for a little bit.
I miss lakes.
ice cream stands.
humidity.
My pleasure, checking it out now
NFLAldoctorft Harrison Smith was also the brilliant alias that Plaxico Burress used when checking into the hospital after shooting himself
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist It Will Rain
You're welcome, Hannah!
no you did a poor job of picking him over CP3.
Not happening for big Marv
oh the joy of my life!
he's just so attractive okay.
hah
Happy Monday Lichi Lovers!!
Any healthy thoughts for the day?
ours is to NOT have a single unhealthy thought today...
Looks like an aardvark with that extended nose!
I guess now would be the time to start my homework?
I hear there are a lot of cops on campus today.
Working on a new MP orig...it's a 12x40 using the PixelMicro concept...but with a twist!
I wish girls could respect themselves instead of putting off a bad rep.
LOL.
He is a loser though.
Hahaa
I still have a Zoey 101 necklace.
It is truly better to give ...
Kirstie Alley's Organic Liaison Rescue Me Kit in stock.
Developed by Alley  expert nutritionists to create natural, organic products.
Love Sam  Mercedes!!!!
Fruit snacks is hitting
You are SO right!
Haven't been here in a while.
Getting back to Twitter today.
Indeed, indeed.
It's OK if you like money.
Just remember to love people.
Simon Sinek
The holidays are a time to acknowledge one's flaws.
I'm aware that my lack of humility is what makes me so fabulous!!
Merry Christmas!
Is it bad that I like Justin Beiber's Xmas song?
well if u need someone to take care of your extra chapsticks...
You know who to call
A little sushi and wine for dinner then it's off to the
great being my biggest fans.
How lil sis
Visit our booth 814 and enter to win 10,000 gloves!
Just text Like The Glove Group to 32665 on your mobile phone!
I wonder who UL hates more Willis or Teague?
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Donuts are sweet...
and so are you!

Judge says he'll sign order declaring Natalee Holloway, teen missing in Aruba, legally dead
The room photo was shot on the fifth floor at MOMA, the FIGURE STUDY in my livingroom
since u mentioned gameofthrones I will not now!
Its so awesome!
R u currently caught up?
how man
im rey take a shxt.
brb.
DNation MKE coach is getting after it this week!
Our runners are PUMPED as they get their training plan!
Winner wins a voucher for 2 kids to enjoy during a or show, or
Cody Robert Simpson  Everything i need and more 3
Yup, got my kids working in the warehouse too!
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it.
Find the recurring themes, and use them as your blueprint for getting publicity.
captainre the crown thanks
OK, thanks :
I know I am, bitch.
:D
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!
I believe I made a good choice  I had to let you know.that your in the wrong 3
completely agree on Spencer's standing ovation.
Reverse racism.
Condescension.
O come, O come, Emmanuel, and ransom captainve Israel, that mourns in lonely exile here until the Son of God appear.
I don't think you are elitist at all and don't think you are Independent either.
we usually strive for an hour and depending who's on the chat can last more or a little less...
Leavin Universal Studios Universal City Walk frm Movies finally c n THNKLIKEAMAN i dnt usually Watch Movies bt i Supprt PHILLY
Don't be upset.
You'll see each other again!
Love you guys..xo
yes..
she dont care if they are there or not apparently..
that bottle comes first
RT : Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom  Aristotle
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
Now this idea I like!
no, no in baseball it's an imaginarium
Who knew the technological world of the future would have so many facetoface meetings?
I guess you see plenty of meetings in Star Trek.
Happy mothers day!
Lol has me cracking up I need 2 go back to jersey so me and her can be friends cause she just makes me crack up
i dont judge, i comment by lily
Hypnotized has been in my head all day
Being a copy editor is sometimes like being your only friend who has a pickup on the day everybody is moving at once.
But I'm happy to help.
It is probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limits and problems.
Good news: my Gmail is working.
Bad news: That means I got an email telling me about the people who've unfollowed me recently.
Fit tip: When wt training, exhale on the exertion of a movement and inhale on the return.
This keeps a constant flow of O2 to body  brain.
congratulations.
I go in today
It's been around since the '80s and I'm just now learning what steampunk is and just now realizing I've grown up a steampunk uberfan...
It's sad that the tea I bought has instructions on the box, and that Jason Street might be paralyzed..
Well that was a nice surprise  I love hearin from my brother
OK: I've taken care of the morning email, squared away support questions, completed the stack of requested favors.
Time to start work.
3pm!
: Missing my other half more than anything right now.....
the feelin is mutual
Head down to the Annual Summer Sale on 4th Ave today.
Wohoo shopping day!
WHEW !!!
MAY 20th Houston freestyle battle.
The dopest rappers in houston battle for prizes!!
text BATTLE to 72727 for more info!
OK its morning.....
so now what?
Oh COFFEE  I NEED COFFEE!!!!
Any former Fulbright scholars with words of wisdom on the application process?
go follow and and and please follow i need and all the ppl mentions me wen ur done!
RT Million dollar tip: Start before you are ready.
Don't wait for it to be perfect or for the stars to align.
Just do it.
Watching Gettysburg.
Jimmie: I bet the director's cut is SHORTER.
nice, I think I have my friends convinced to do NYE in
My Mac client for seem to be hanging on sync.
I wonder if anyone else is having this problem.
Down while the ref counts to ten...
I love
If you love me, You'll ignore this..
Thanks for following People For The American Way  Wisconsin!
lis483 RT : The teens in my library asked for a scary movie.
I gave them Food Inc.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Anonymous.
Thank YOU :.
Thank you, Joel!
Kevin
Lol good times
Thank you Elsie.
Blessings to you  yours as well.
HUG
haha yes true : Do you have your prom doctorss yet?
i always like the outfits you post on facebook hahaha
D.C.
tennis tournament now called Citi Open The ATP World Tour hardcourt tournament in the nation's capital is changing its name to the C
ridin slab and bangin screw, smoking good, inside its wood
are you goin to church??
are in need of paper towels, linens, flash lights, dog/cat food, and gallons of water contact brian shapiro  8456333703
does this help: chrome://netinternals/
like ya avi
Mums39; stress during early pregnancy can affect newborns39; iron status
haha now I get it
I was asking about full city tour last night.
Now we hear want DOUBLE DIGIT furlough days for lausd next year...Cartmenez do that math..strike!
Sure did!
Did you know?
March is Music in our Schools Month!
Follow for fun music education info and trivia.
Been up since 5, almost done with work!.
I don't understand your policy of not allowing bartenders to be a bar reviewer?
Problems with bias?
thats memy friends 's whole mission is to StopBullying if u were a true grander u wouldnt have done that
My phone loses battery so fast smh
i love that song
PT, I know you're from Illinois so I'm gonna help you out bro, it's y'all not ya'll.
Great game today man
Not feeling well, I would not enjoy it!
LOL
I'm going to take a nap in a little bit!
I still need my sleep!
:
I AM BLESSED!
Former astronaut Pam Melroy about to take the stage
These TTs NEED to go away.
Hurts me just watching Amar'e play with that hand wrapped up!
ewwwwwww i think that's hogwash!
if women were going to be intrinsically happy having babies there'd be fewer unwanted ones
Warhol would love making diamond dust paintings of Paris Hilton and Miley Cyrus.
10 PR's last night ...
Bring it!
i think i am going to offer it someone else, but if they dont want it, then sure
was told a long time ago by another musician sunblock under your clothing for outdoor festivals
e pluribus unum  out of many, One Tell us what One means to you.
How do you use your unique gifts to contribute to One?
In classic case of irony, Jayson Dobney's cimcimamis preso at on guideapps at the Met is foiled by PowerPoint
Cut him some slack.
Who could resist not eating your face?
omg I love you awndoctoryah.
how many years young are you doll face?
I work with a bunch of fuckin retards god gave these people no common sense or anything swear
It's a Friday night, so i'll be asleep in like 14 hours.
I'm already sleepy.
Tough game in the crease.
Came out on top by 1 :
you can never go back and erase your mistakes.
the only way to fix them is by moving forward.
Downtown Chicago has four food trucks with twitter feeds.
Two of them specialize in cupcakes.
Chicago may be getting soft and cuddly.
Thank you!
I raise my glass and in a while,
Following civilunions news as I get ready for tonight's Evicted story.
May the prompts on AP Lang be ever in your favor ;
Tonight's dinnerspecial: Stuffed Pepper with mashed potatoesonly 18.95!
Lol u making me laugh so much like u do in school and i wanna see your dog ir must be so cute
seriously.
my new favorite thing.
i wish this was around years ago.
back from leesburg
It's delightful when work luncheons feature delicious vegetarian food, thanks, work peeps.
Also, desserts, omg sugar crash, here I come.
just walked by the Kesha concert...
the largest concentration of sliver lipstick in the world!
Don't call it naan bread, it's just naan!!
Duh
I'm sorry does not always work ecspecially when they are waiting for u to screw up
i must say that you are much nicer than Clay's whig.
lol
Onion strings should never be missed.
Burger is always a favorite.
Halibut special was a treat...tender and flavorful.
Oh, we know!
thx RT : Mailed a letter to this morning to tell them how awesome  are..
hope they listen!
Looks like Olympia Snowe finally did something to cross the aisle again on jobs after her health care and fiscal commission flip flops
Seeing my first solidarity sing along.
We all need to remember to stay unified through the primary in order to win.
Staring at the clock waiting for 4:30 so I can call haha
omfg i have a craving for some fucking icecream
Hispanic inclusion is almost nonexistent in the highest echelons of Corporate America.
To be successful you have to play an
A perfect day for some Green Chile Stew.
Hello, leftover champagne.
I kinda sorta wanna bring a bottle along on tonight's Amtrak trip.
There's never a bad time for bubbly right?
Stand Up and Laugh wants to wish everyone a terrific Hump Day!!
gonna be up all night countin down to summerjam just heard fabo is about to guest star yall better bring your
Flight delays, 300 Car rental to GR, 400 Rental van w/ power outlet to charge dead phone, PRICELESS Thanks
Happy birthday !
halloween is comming man
you best follow us back!!!!
; 
love you too boo
Johnny depp gets laid like 5 times in dark shadows.
John you are most certainly invited to any and all DCdoctornkUp's
yes I have to agree with you their do you like to help people?
well?
people helping people awesome www.sendittomeokay.com
Best of luck to all the runners in the BostonMarathon!
We'll be cheering you on all day!
Anderson Cooper is fine for an older person
Agree!
RT : Nothing is sexier than great skin, nothing!
sounds like the perfect plans for the day!
We hope your event went well last night!
Thanks for partnering with Village Learning Place!
i think i like this list thing....
Almost Oct, which means my bday is approaching:
Auto Racing Capsules: Kyle Busch takes fourth straight Richmond spring race
My Instagram followers are sexy as hell  ationalove
Interesting, is having a beer dinner 2/24.
And no they are not serving hot dogs.
knuckle touch 
thinking about doing this contest which includes the winner getting a free photoshoot by the one and only A3!
Had cell service on the platforms between Forest Glen  Glenmont for the first time today!
It's a great day for ATT.
Watching the sun rise today.
Happiness is going to buy your favorite bag of chips from the vending machine and then finding a second, unclaimed bag, in the doctorp bin.
We love to hear thatthank you!
Shoreline doctorve fans!!!
Help wish our guitar player jordan a Happy Birthday!!!
Go to his wall now and give him a birthday wish!
One shift down, one to go.
Livin life to the fullest cause were not promised tomorrow.
So get at me
remember when 40dollars was more than enough to fill a tank??
I'm Chris, plays doctorms, plays bass, plays guitar :
I'm praying school will be cancelled tomorrow due to some freak accident.
Diging in my skin from beging to the end
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow id tell you I'm sorry, that im so fucking sorry.
And that I love you,always and forever
good morning!
Freaking Please don't go next week.
What am I going to do all summer w/out , and ?
Everybody's the same color with the lights off
were you in Kokomo???
until the government undercuts prices making private a non option.
Jason is done after season
Calling fans to give them the dates for the Living Room Tour!!
hey salute paisan
Did Angelica Huston win an Oscar for Addams Family Values?
Splice  free and great RT : : Who knows how to edit video on the iPhone?
Point me to a resource?
L2011
What's your idea?
Or are you a free agent?
Limo for tomorrow 4th hr free!!
W.frontrangelimousine.com
Lost 6 followers over the weekend and gained 4 back..eh.
On the phone with my baby Jakaree: I missed him !!!!
For jerseys yes.
They have other products w/o NFL shield for sale though
Fun hanging w/ and other peeps.
Hope to see to you soon in LA!
RT Thanks for putting us on TV!
What a fun episode!Of all the places on the map, glad we ran into you.
Thanks!
Good thing you have a pic on here.
almost blocked you!
You're a nice lady!
Thanks for the retweet!
Why do American Idol singers always 'sound' like American Idol singers?
Why is Ryan Seacrest only 4 feet tall?
I need a roof deck on my house at one point in my life
RT Kings of American Excellence!
I hope so, not a big Tebow guy.
Plus you may get Wayne and Saturday.
I SWEAR TO GOD IF SLUTLENA DATES ONE OF THEM I WILL PERSONALLY FUCKING KILL HER!
!!!
SHE RUINED IT WITH HER FUCKING UGLY ASS AND FAKE SMILE
Skip, I really wan't to be on the show.
I leave for bootcamp Nov.
29!
I'll do anything!
i love you!
I wonder how much  pulled in after the equality announcement
Japanese pan noodles m
FavoriteLyric Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?!?
I want some orange pants!
if ever in the Chi please fellowship w/ keeps us lifted, informed !liberated!
Or watch live;
Austin's personality 
PS Have you thought about moisture wicking pillow cases?
Are you still looking fro things to do in Vegas?
We recommend a fun tour or exhibit.
Most 2Year College Students Quit on.wsj.com/tIZFUQ via
Remember, we were born to shine.To squeeze every ounce of creativity, inspiration  joy out every moment we live.
There's something wrong with a grown man in a cover band singing Justin Bieber  right ?
Oh I will.
Because I know you don't get too many.
; Congratulations!
RT let us philly fans enjoy ourr moment lol
Any recommendations for a cheap hosting site?
My eportfolio is still up on my exschool's server and I want to move it elsewhere.
THX
I guess he's a true american!
RT : 4 the record 's favorite Whitney song is the Star Spangled Banner.
I never noticed all those yrs ago that in a far off shot in Flavor in Ya ear, Craig Mack really favors Xhibit.
But I didn't know him then.
well my answer because i'm a diva/multihyphenate enthusiast, is unless you've been bad all week, you should have what you want
I am in LOVE with TheMuse.....love love love love
Go to Paul's and tell Joe hi from me!
wasnt so many years ago that some Americans in Europe were passing as Canadian
I wish I knew fluent Korean.
So pretty much fluent all around.
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
Just made a instagram Follow me: alexsaintmichael
I really, really want you to visit Anus, France.
Look out for our weekly newsletter today!
We've got a bunch of baking, bootcamp, and acting classes featured in honor of The Hunger Games!
I LOVE YOU GUYS FOR DOING THAT TO HIM HAHAHAHA
But I waited too late...
glad you are back on!
Missed you!
Woke up to glorious weather in DC this morning
no..
tweet FollowMeRomoTheCat so people dont get confused ;
A no hitter in the cape wont even make the globe, but the right girl, thatll last you forever.
I figured yu left school or yu never came
Lol So Lik Since When Did U Lik Start Liking Her
any christmas albums yet??!!
Haha : love yaa
They should hand out lollipops everywhere you go ..not just banks
Just added our 200th follower!
thanks to !
And thanks to all of our followers for spreading the word about Pets for Vets.
Death Wish tonight at 8pm on AMC.
Nothing like a little Old School kickassfiction ...
70's style!
WordsWithFriends needs a builtin dictionary.
Please would you do that now and then go back to making crappy balloon games?
X and I r done.
Never to go back.
I tried bringing that back but it didn't work.
Laquane and I r just cool.
Uhm phillip.
Off to bed...Goodnight Facebook world c'ya in the A.M.
: Z...
With another win for Hugo with Sound Mixing I'm wondering if it will be the most winner ever in the
Ignorance is a gifted talent...
U can't teach that shit
This boy is sexy as FUUUUUCCCKKK.
Everyone needs to have merely OKtogood games sometimes.
Even JBJ.
ECA's today :
ARTS will be at Jack Johnson concert today in Chula Vista.
Come to our booth in the Village Green!
6:30pm: jack will play an acoustc set!
Strappin' on my fanny pack and going roller blading!
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
im not repeating myself.
If you didn't hear me the first time then oh well you shit outa luck
Any country music fans out there?
Today in 1993, Shania Twain released her selftitled debut album.
Joakim Noah and Tim Tebow both in Boston this weekend!
thanks for the RT!
Have you been at our other SYVW events?
Love your logo btw.
My man is puttin on A CLINIC right now on XM 47!!!!!
CFA fighters please tag us with pictures of your workouts or tweet us we want to show our fans how u guys are gearing up for CFA7
Tough way to go out

Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Jeff Spicolli: Whoa, dude, I just totally won the game!
GAH!!
Awesome!
RT : RUSH is coming to Buffalo in October!
Short night at work tonight
Tractor trailer collides with school bus at Farmedge Rd.
and N.
Wantagh Ave.
in Bethpage.
Injured taken to hospital.
No kids on the bus.
you better hope she didn't use it to clean anything
Sometime next week, I'm packed this weekend.
/: What time are you free?
Who's ready!
:D
Life for me is jus weed  and brew 
It was a threeword review: Mean and useless.
Exodus 22:2223 Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan.
If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry.
that made me cry!
Oh dear!
I could understand that, though.
fucking bitter cause we have the better coach, the better team, and we don't need to scream ORANGE across our chest.
A lot of people moved up to the 9th.
So it's nice to meet people and hand out cookies :
historyvsfiction..
in Hoodlum they showed me, Madame Queen and Bumpy Johnson havein a sitdown, in reality that never took place..
These good girls that you speak of are mythical creatures of our imaginations.
Studio life is nice :
Omg i have to take my math exam.
Fml
I'm only delivering the best to her
lol i just went and saw aziz live at the riverside theatre, front row baby.
His standup was great
Hey hey!
Thanks man
Taking my little sister and grandma shopping...
Go Pack Go!!!
XOXO from Maine
A truly beautiful day in NYC today and no better way to spend it than to be with my parents all day long.
Awesome!
I'm so excited!
Having trouble running Git on OSX Lion?
Install the latest Xcode from the app store.
Oh yea, it's free!
hey Jared, I sent you an email a day or so ago.
Looking forward to hearing back from you.
Thanks!
And we're all anxious to play the crap out of your current project.
I've NEVER had to work this hard...it BETTER PAY OFF
Happy birthday Justin!!!!!
Hope it's a good one!:
good luck
u would...if i didnt kbow u or know what u looked lile ide think u were fat af hahaha
Woo Season 7 of Supernatural!
Cas is a douche but he's still so hot!
xD
Shake it out is so moving I'm never quite sure WHEN to listen to it.
Thx Pandora!
I wanted to hear Cowboy Take Me Away by  it was the first song that played!
IPad for free:'
thanks for the shoutout i need more followers

We are very excited to be able to provide the doctorm kit for you at the Matchbox Showcase on Thursday!
We r here 2 serve you!
OH YEAH, NINE CENTIMETERS YEAH.
Dude, send me a picture of baby Caden when he's here!
Pink Floyd is awesome!
Lignite Plant Latest
Your thoughts ain't my thoughts!
This little game of oneonone reminds me how much I DON'T miss basketball .
i wonder what it feels like to sleep on a water bed o.0
the Denver airport has some good beer.
I had to spend 6 hours there a couple times.
that email also promoted upcoming events.
I will look into our segmentation policy.
Thanks for the heads up.
Will
We'll be on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up to ride to the coast in support of Lung Association
I love being hispanic.
We have good food that actually has flavor 3
Well, I guess to those who think they do.
:
A.P.
Gouthey It takes more than money to make men rich
snowing outside, looks like I will be staying right here in my nice warm studio today!
:
thanks not sure where it is however I will find it
it's the one thing I wish we could all achieve.
Thanks for posting.
Have a great weekend yourself Madison!
xo
Working until 5pm at Slangin' wax n' facts.
Swing by and get educated!
come join dude!
I love coming to my Boyfriends house just to Free Load off of his Netflix lmao :'
I don't have enough hair to pull out
yep.
Sabby was a PISs poor decision and I am not even a professorssional
I wish I could find my remote.
's view of CRM: not just technology, encompasses strategy, processes, tools,  people.
Provides borad view of customer too.
rooting for you from Green Bay!
you missed a riveting round of Christmas trivia!!
It was pretty intense..
If you're a light hitting outfielder, you better fucking play good D
Me  my litto 3 year old sister jammin to whip it 3
I'm bout to call u in few...
N let u kno Waddup
This tweeting I may have to learn how to get down
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rayssome small redemption for the season.
fb
Hahahaha.
Im doing well.
yourself ?
I prolly get in trouble if i said what i feel like doing
the gas chamber of a kill sheltet  flew 18 month old Beagle up to NJ who was adopted by Joe  Geralyn Dwyer.
It's outlawed in 19 states now
We wan't to kwow all the  Doers out there !
Tell us what you do?
Petite starts Friday  how many starts with the Yankees has he made this year?
Is it his 2nd?
In less than 24 hours I wil be in the plane heading towards Aruba  getting my
Have TiVo or download shows 100 of the time.
See commercial while at bar.
Cannot pull attention away.
it was actually pretty good...
i shoudnt b eating late since i been tryna get right to model for lil minute..but Oh well it happens
Not sure what you mean by that?
My website comes up just fine on my smartphone.
:
I'm good just going in on what I love
Saw many of my middle school library friends today, including 's Noah!
Signed him up for Summer Reading Club.
:
It's so maddening that stupid people have jobs and I dont.
If you cant tell an ant apart from a spider..
You should prob not be a librarian.
Watch out Ashley Young, got a rival in kevin prince boateng for dive of the year
Hope all of you have a great time ringing in 2011.
Cuz Its gonna be going UP not DOWN in the new Hollywood South in 2011!!!!!!!!
RT  KidsLiveWell Tip: Offer choices 2 kids  Which would you like for dinner?
Broccoli or carrots?
Thanks so much for the follow.
I see that your book is doing well on Amazon.
Full of tantalizing titles, good advice!
Getting blood taken not fun
Just back from my weekly run.
That's right, weekly.
I don't want my body getting too used to it or anything.
actually, it's LEGENDARY!!!
Pinnacle Bank Announces Seventh Consecutive professortable Quarter  MarketWatch
Bob is , , , the enemy Or like U say tehell with Republicans,I love it when U get Mad noNames!
aw thanks S!
How about love us some San Antonio???
We love us some Texas!
S/o To , Causee He Toldd Me Too Becausee Hes Sittinng Right Next Too Me , w/ His Cutee A .
,
lol I wanna see that kinda crowd at the games next year haha
Quantified Self tech?
RT : Am I only one that lives in fear of online eating disorder communities embracing Quantified Self tech?
This is going to blow up.
: So, the tour THINKS a fan took Tiger's ball, but no1 in gallery saw ball picked up?
Free doctorp?
RT Give us deets!
Pete Campbell from Mad Men was just here.
He really loves Especially the ladies.
When I turn on Espn at 2am..
And it says baseball tonight is suppose to be on, I better get baseball tonight not the fucking NBA..
30 cases of free beer at the Silicon Alley Talent Fair!
SATF Get excited at the after party!
skejidea via
great video on social media on YouTube dtl2011 Social Media Revolution 2011 you've got to see this :
you comin out here
way to go!
Emma Stone looks stunning in that doctorss, but Ben Stiller looks like a midget next to her
RT : Katherine Fernandez Rundle is introducing at Women in Production.
got the butterflies come on lakers
Today Warren Buffett announced he is hiring every unemployed person in the United Statessending the unemployment rate to 0.
Thanks David!!!!
Follow IPI Senior Research Director as he live tweets lunchtime talk with Zbigniew Brzezinski
Happy Birthday to my inspiration !
I love youu soo much Justin!
Thanks for being that Talented kid that everyone adores!
can't wait to kick ass on the softball field!
Family is all ihave left.FamType
My cousins are talking like cholos
Watchin' a fight and a hockey game broke out.
1 TB  5 Pittsburgh end of the 2nd period.
Go Pens!
In your mouth?
Hand?
Whaaa?
Always keepin' a nigga in suspense.
Let's go flyerssssSSSSZSz
doctorG EFFECTS ON HUMAN SEXUAL BEHAVIOR: ANTIDEPRESSANTS  ...
Oh...that can be a hard one.
Usually when I have writers block I just go do something else but keep my paper close by if I
come see me new year's eve at king plow arts center!!
jamming with Priceless the kid!
Going to be dope
u should get an Emmy for your role on glee
Nice going wmata.
You extoll the virtues of the SmarTrip Card and then make the touchpads unusable at about half the fare gates  Archives
Seau's death is being investigated.
Not clear if this is a homicide or a suicide.
Woah.
Shocking.
Failed my research paper.
Thats my Asian F!
Great site visit today with CommunityWestFoundation.
Thanks for the support!
Deserves 10 games.
well if Julia Roberts had been replaced with a Zoltar machine he may have come up with some more folksy wisdom
None specifically.
Just most in general.
Word of the day is 'balance.'
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Tony Robbins
FLOWER TIP OF THE DAY: Always cut the stem of your flowers at a 3/4 degree angle.
This allows the flower to take up water properly.
:
Watching the SAGawards from ATL tonight.
Nutella has nothing on peanut butter.
Their jealousy of our condiment variety has locked them into a hazelnut corner.
I'll have to go back and listen, never really paid much attention to soundtracks
Maddie and McKenzie are my reasons to watch DanceMoms they are beautiful and so talented
Blood doctorve is scheduled for June 21 from 3:00  6:00 at AMLI 535!
Please email to reserve your spot.
Thanks for helping!
Link to Mayor's Agent decision on firehouse doors on your site seems to be broken.
Do you have a pdf you could email?
Thanks!
Movie's done :
Anyone who says government only increases fees, I refer you to today's city council vote on developer inlieu fee for inclusionary housing.
: see you soon ; good seeing you ladies.
Thanks for coming to visit.
full day  which is why I've been looking for more help on the site.
Seems pretty clear to me that Gov.
Walker has acted in Contempt of Court.
Disallowing the ruling on two occasions now.
He should be tried.
Spoiled is already in my cart :
Got my Twitter fix...
Back in a few more months.
Add me on Google
omg this week cant get any worsee
because I've only heard it here in Miami, I suspect it's Cuban
Because everyone needs to get one.
Guy pitching Clue.
I think I pick: When Harry Met Sally or Finding Nemo if I have to watch 1 movie 5 times in a row.
YES.
thatswhatimtalkingabout!
Next time I'm in town, wanna get some sushi there with me?
illtakeoffmymask :
Maholm doctorps down sidearm for a slider to get Carpenter swinging.
WOw u r so gorgeous
Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina are best business climates according to survey of U.S Exec's.
TX has held 1 ranking since 1999.
They Have Too Many doctors In..BatonRouge!
Reserve seats now for tonight's Thunder vs.
Jazz.
Shuttle to the Arena from Edmond and Norman and back for only 15 per passenger!
4472446
:  FITzee Foods helps me eat healthy...Fast food is no longer an option when I have such great meals to look forward to!
Angela Mullins
I know!
I'm sorry.
I forgot to say bye yesterday lol well, goodbye Alex : I already miss you!
just won farkle.
Next time I'll win.
thanks for the kind words!
Thanks for following us!
Can I just say how much I like being able to text call numbers to my phone from the catalog?
Thanks for this great service.
my truth : Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required.
Winston Churchill
that was awesome I love that song and y'all did it justice.
Dia is a bonafide rock star!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 9
I love you BL!
loool ya I'm late but huh
my band's on twitter now   follow us for show schedules and updates!
WELOVESARAH lets trend it
in Buenos Aires tonight
Heh, it's pending.
I'll let you know if he flakes out.
Don't you just love hashing out what the biggest issue would be on a project with a vendor, just to have THAT issue break shit at the end?
Zing!
RT We should be doing goal reporting twice a year instead.
Performance is for the bedoctorom.
investments are only part.
Congrats to center Brittany Griner and Coach Mulkey on winning AP player and coach of the year.
Good luck and
Mosquitoes after the rains here in the South...
never fun when they bite the back of your calves
followed ya babe!
:
idk sounds like you're in some type of relationship and I don't go to the movies with niggas that have girlfriends.
what fruit do you hate the most?
i 3 getting mcflurries with my little bro!!
haha we got one with all three toppings: reese's, mm's, and oreos.
yea.
be jealous.
Happy Easter!
Welcome !
Looking for a hip wine bar ?
We're a 10 min doctorve from the Gaslamp on 4th Ave.
Swing by for Happy Hour today from 57p.
Or Hudson Hawk.
RT Lots of Die Hard jokes.
Nobody has made a North joke.
What the 1 should fear most is that too many of the 99 have nothing left to lose.
Beliebersareunstoppable if I had bangs like that my hair product line would be 'bangsbybieber'
And Uncle too!
NowListeningTo; Yellow Submarine by TheBeatles c;
A text i just got IM ROTFL
Last night's Fam Guy was AMAZING!!
You  team 
Now that I run a business, I truly can see Facebook.com is Social Media for Networking n keep up with Great Friends and Great Acquaintances
Pasta for lunch and dinner everyday?
How do Florentines stay skinny?
Seriously, it's like the kicked out the unfit people from town.
aye follow us?
PROUD OF KIdoctorUHL : i love you juz10
You make fitness follow ME!
Nice!
Puttin' fitness in the palm of my hands even on biz trips.
How you gone watch TV with a dog that you don't like.
Chronologically impaired.
the following 8 days will be the busiest and most stressful time of this year for me
ability to raise funds is directly proportionate to ability to effectively lead...in some people's minds.
But, fair enough.
Shoutout to my seniors taking the ap lit exam tomorrow.
Give some love to the guy that yelled SING IT SUGAR TITS last night at your show in NASHVILLE!!!!!!
I have no idea what I'm doing.
7 winsp 0 losses this weekend.
Champions in the gold bracket!
yeeah buddy lifeofasoftballplayer swag so excited for this season3 leggo.
is distributing condiments that offer new dimensions of flavor.
Just returned from the grocery store everybody looking for the cheapest deals now a days.
Spanish is going to be the death of me.
thinking about technological change...and managing digital objects for persistence and use...talk about challenging.
my theory class has a 'moral' meal planned for this evening.
I'm very curious to see how this is going to turn out.
hannah !
where you at ?!
Could be fun.
However, I'm in Georgia.
Now, if this event decides to travel south a little...
newpuppy Lots of people showed up!
This is great.
:
JESUS CHRIST, HAS SWG.
PLEASE FUK WIT YOUR GIRL AND FOLLOW  MEMPHIS TN STAND UP LOVE FROM MIAMI
I use my phone very strategically when it hits Low Battery
Okay have to stop shopin when i don't have anything to wear, now i have to wash seven loads of clothes damnit i miss my granny this alot :
Arise, Lord!
Lift up your hand, O God.
Do not forget the helpless.
Ps 10:12 Pray for the helpless.
Join us for Blue Sunday!
Join today and receive 1,000 www.tankscapers.com
dear myspace: you are so original.
change your name to Myspacebook
have you been studying????????for once...haha
SashaBaronCohen kills me like no other.
He's probably one of the most brilliant comedians ever.
Redcarpet stunt was perfectly executed.
Say happy birthday to our very own Lucy of the .
At voltage now for a surprise w prosecco and cupcakes!!!
yes I do
So Addictive right...need to follow you!
Whatever you are doing, love yourself for doing it.
Whatever you are feeling, love yourself for feeling it.
Thaddeus Golas
I mean, obvs if the article says so.
I meant I remember seeing it.
Sold out of the medium Minotaur design by :
FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW YOU BACKK!!!!!!!
I will : Hes actually on my friends list.
Strong faith today means more miracles tomorrow
Awesome!!!
Thank you!
Hope you enjoy!
:D
Love the Indiana shoutout from and Smith re: Dumezich.
i keep seeing commercials for it and then dying all over the place, but my computer sucks so i'm resisting...for now...
it was fun!
Had a bgirl session with friends :
finals week over tomorrow thank.God
To meet  really get to know That's all I really wanna do
250 yesterday son!!!!
Tip: To darken brows realistically fill them in with a pencil that matches your brow color and comb them with an eyebrow brush.
Bacon, always effin up my fauxveg ways!
OMG!!!!
He is in my prayers.
That's crazy!
if you do that, then 6 months will become 6 years.
It feels so good to give back to those in need.
I just wanna make it so i can share the wealth with many in need of a lil help.
Bynum didn't play a huge role in last year's disaster, unless you're talking about the Clotheslining?
same.
I got a 98.
I just didn't think the plus was necessary
Since before cocky was an egg.
I just watched it!
Amazing!
:D 3333
Just had a great phone conversation with about its upcoming seminar during which I will be a presenter on social media.
I got dumber for reading your trash.
Riley never even visited Buffalo you joke of a journalist.
With the fact I was born in the lazy generation you can see why I ate at McDonalds twice today because I don't care
we are
new video comin soon!
Next one is on how I survived radiation D thxs for watching much love!
You guys are both awesome!
I need coffee.
Cabby's throwing arm had a part in that!
lol...can you teach me how to Dougie?
love nick cage movies
I chew Nicorrete gum for the buzz.
I can't believe how many ass holes I gave my time to
I'm so thirsty.
It's because there haven't been enough waterchecks today.
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year.
I HAWT ass mess ...
Brewers are making Lynn look like The second coming ...,
follow me please
The only way I can lower my taxes is to become a multi millionaire!
Time to start working!
which penman novel?
I just started here be doctorgons and love it!
is it odd to you that all of the badgers players didn't get flu shots?
You may need to start labeling your tweets NSFW!
I would really like to be able to breathe out of my nose again :
Reducing sugar intake frequently tops this todo list
no, it wasn't you!
You're fine, I completly understand your situation
Hey!
Thanks for adding us to your list!
it was trade , I felt weird being there
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up  pee or if you can hold it in until the morning...
I love Ugly Betty!!
That last tweet was compliments of
can u bring ur english book on monday:
Goodluck man...
take it down
Did I tell you there is a local band called The Ambulars?
such an amazing san diego day.
Headed to Little Italy just cuz its so nice out.
My carr 
Thanks for making me feel welcome  elaborating on the boundaries of downtown Syracuse!
:P
1606 The Union Jack adopted as the official flag of Great Britain.
plz follow me i love u!!!!
Why is Pete in jail?
doctorxel coach Bruiser Flint doctorxel head coach Bruiser Flint talks about his disappointment with not receiving an atlarge bid for the NCAA
pretty mother
Don't tease me like that, fingers crossed.
Direct me in the path of your commands, for there I find delight.
Psalm 119:35
I figured you would've.
I saw something on Discovery, Travel or something about Disney Cruises.
Death Race 2000!
I thought I was the only one!
RT : That Dorito taco shit is nasty.
bored.
Let's get this tweetinn started!
Same thing my man.
You're in Toronto?
Id b like, i saw it first!!
Lol
You are all of those.
Yayyyy manhattan!!!!!
So what it's only been a week feels great to be back for a min :D
Mitt Romney was the one who really started McDonald's, not Ray Kroc
Is this the live chat?
Will do
you should come over tonight!
we hear everything from attendees, to content, presenters and food are great at your events.
says so
This is hilarious.
So amusing.
S
What!?
You're only 17!?
Now I feel like a pervert for thinking you're cute!!
Lots of spam bots out today!
If you offer me an entry to a sweepstakes and then ask me to share it, what's my incentive.
Seems like my odds of winning go up the less...
Not really a game the Heels need per se, while it's huge for Maryland.
Gary always outcoaches Roy win or lose.
haha YES!
The other reason I want him to come, is so I can meet at the other ohio Mahomies!
3
John Velazquez to ride Animal Kingdom replacing Robbie Albarado in Kentucky Derby
I might have to show u that move..
Going to different schools means you can year the same thing twice in a row!!
We really are selling pixels for 1 each, because we want to start really contributing to society in a way that we can make our mark!
President Obama, don't tell me we're coming home from Afghanistan when troops are staying for another ten years at least.
Actually, my straight male best friend hates her more than anyone I've talked to  fat, insecure/jealous girls included.
Trying and Doing are two different things.
When you try, you hope.
When you do, you succeed.
That is an awesome place to work!
You are lucky!
The identity of a research team impacts the research;framing of research questions, community engagement, interpretation of findings
it would be a doctoram come true if u came to my birthday:
aww hell ya!
I want SUMMER 3
I seriously need to copy my ass.
tear awww im touched ; thank you!
RT : Wishing my first love a very special Happy Birthday!!
I enjoyed your article
If I pull my hair out, will the packers pay for my rogaine?
Or can I get a clay mathews hair transplant?
Either will do.
Haha well I may try to partaek in your ausumniss around New Years :
Yes I hate that song, i hear it in my sleep.
I Am Officialy Out Of School Don't Have To Se Those RACHET IRRELEVANT Females ANYMORE!!!!
Immensely proud to be a Bulldog today.
From to students and alumni, all show nothing but class  in victory and defeat.
Had an amazing spinach pasty from Chicago support local business and carry them, please!
I appreciate your support, !
Have a great weekend!
It was a very nice, incredibly discerning lady at our panel discussion.
She was remarkably insightful.
Got some good hours in at work today :
Have a great week everyone.
Stay safe and out of trouble.
Don't take any guff from those swine!!!
Actually going to prove ppl wrong about this guy!
My committee is so rad.
Their scholarship is all about international blacknesses and AfroArabAsian cultural and political ties.
Love em.
All the guys are playing baseball while the girls are looking through my grandmothers clothes
there is still Eric!
I can see that John, however I fear that we limit ourselves when all we do is promote listings.
Hospitality is one of the commercial real estate groups in which Remington has demonstrated exceptional financing expertise over the years.
I'm secretly your wife.
3
beastieboys music makes my soul smile.
listening to lutheran undergraduates attempt to flirt with one another.
it seems like a different language and it seems too nice.
Looking forward to a busy brunch shift at the Scholars Inn!!
Hope to see you there!
when you wholeheartedly adopt a with all your heart attitude and go out withthe positive principle, you can do incredible things
you don't know the meaning of fuck off, huh?
because everytime I say leave me alone.
you ALWAYS think otherwise.
Sent in art contest entries
Asia!
Tonight's opening service in Jakarta for the empowered21 Asia Congress will be amazing!
announced today that Peter's Party is back!!
So many thoughts..
Too many thoughts..
Lily Allen is gonna quit music like Brett Farve quit football.
Need the 48hour day.
Does Costco sell that wholesale?
whether through direct expression, or elimination of the banal through automation, the aim of software should be to enhance human creativity
hating the new email system on facebook
to answer my own question  18 minutes.
agirldeserves a boy.
A woman deserves a man.
happy birthday twitter buddy!
love you!!
:
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, no.
Omg I'm so excited for friday though
and what is that?
Soccer in the rain is fun as fuhhh!
Today is Katherine Hepburn's birthday...truly the gold standard for acting!
Thanks Simon!
Unfollowers are haters.
I love haters.
Therefore, I'll be nice to unfollow them back rather than starting a riot ...
:
Can I use your phone to call my mom?
Yeah, just hit redial.
missthosedays check the picture I just retweeted
come say hi if you do!!
Nice, SportingKC plays Stoke in a friendly.
No day in KC will ever top seeing ManU lose here.
It was the greatest day in KC history to me.
I think guys like BigEasyCat is the reason the term DBag was created!!
it's a tuesday, thats my internship day at the museum.
....
I'm gonna get this out of the way early b/c it hurts.
Happy mother's day to my mom.
that's cool zendaya
glad I'm not only one!
: just joined, first tweet....
Qwips is hosting the Espn mag party  the Super Bowlthanks have fun
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs?
A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
NEXXT Cafe on Lincoln Rd  Horrible food  service!
What a waste of money!
Never again!
Who wants to do my English paper??
Charlie I hear u havent been gettin much PT in Detroit come back to Milwaukee!
we'd love to have ya
We love JT ...
and now Chris, too!
Looking forward to hearing back from soon!
Bouta have lunch at Taco Mexico!
Oh come now, my little nymph...no deposits....
What if he is a banker?
: Catch mee!
lmao ROFL !!
That moment was classic !
I see some bike time in the future for today.
Yay!
voting for jessica sanchez 728181627272 times
Good Morning
Had a bacon cheeseburger for dinner...
Just had a piece of cake now....
Should not have done that..........
;P
TY!
back from vaca Mon !
RT have you left the morning line up at NBC?
We miss your bright cheerful personality
nice to meet you
Is Latin hard??
;s I'm taking it next year.
Devastated to learn of the death of Pastor Foster today.He was the reason I went back to church several years ago.Forever grateful for him.
Honestly, after the wedding, we just didn't have the energy to file.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking network with other actors.
And find a mentor in the business.
You rocked it Ruben and you've done it more than once now, glad the novelty hasn't worn off!
Appreciate your keane eye!
Very welcome!!
Broke up with my doubts cheated on my failure engaged my success and married my future
kent!!!!!
Aw I'm going to Miss you so much!!
when?
Where?
I mean shit!
Everyone knows how I vote.
But, do your future/present employers need to know?
Hey please follow me!
I'm a big brazilian fan!
And I would be very happy if u make my doctoram come true!
Please follow me
the design aesthetic of WP7 is very strong though.
Don't get me wrong.
That Damn Kobe!
What school you go to
isn't that the same thing for women???
Long time no talk.
It's misterJeremy from Xroads!
have fun, I've got cardio kickboxing tonight.
It's the sadistic cousin of Zumba.
Thank you Prohorov that you kept silence on
Urbancrossfit is Pounding my legs into shape.
Except I cant use them to walk with anymore
Dealt with tendonitis for 4 weeks and just now learned I've been wrapping the wrong part of my arm like a jackass...
First goal allowed by Bryzgalov in more than 249 minutes.
doctor Strangelove on television.
God is good.
Heading to Marquette now...looks like a warm sunny day
Wow Missouri killed my bracket.
Had them going to Final Four.
haha okay good, that's what ms.
Di said but i just wanted to make sure
.
urging group to think about functional qualities of data.
In many ways, humanities not functional in networked systems
Thank you for the kind endorsement.
We've saved more than 32,000 Civil War battlefield acres in 20 states.
Their kids will without a doubt grow up to be bullies.
they're everywhere
Don't lie to me :/
There are so many places in indiana that if I ran out of gas I would just sit there and wait to be lynched
Time to study more phonology that reinforces my decision to get my Master's degree in Library Science opposed to Linguistics.
RT : Really great HRHappyhour tonight.
Thanks to everyone who participated.
You all teach me SO much!
I could be on a boat....
but I decided I'd rather be at 91X playing music for you : boom!
Tell me about it.
: Brand/product logos do not always need tag lines.
They're dangling participles of logo design.
omg me 2 lol aaahhh soo happy but he followed my cuzins and not me :
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back.
Allergies!
Dear God D:
Congratulations to my bro, Scott Ware, for making the final roster for the Mountain Lions.
Kick some ass man!
Never courted a nerdy lady?
would rip you a new asshole for not knowing Warf from Chewbacca.
!
RT : Let's release employers from the yoke of providing insurance.
Public option!
Or better yet, single payer.
Up early and not sure why?
Looking for new fun appetizer recipes.
Any suggestions?
Wear whatever u feel comfy in  glam it up or just casual your call.
I'm starting to panic!
So excited about my newest project // it lives at the intersection of tech, finland, jobs, nyc, and parties.
According to David I'm the Bobby Brown to his Whitney Houston of coffee addiction
When do we realize that we have come of age?
Is it when the people that we looked up to as kids begin to pass away?!
Off to celebrate best friend's bday at the Mandoctorke!
Yay for good friends and cheap doctornks :
it'll say you know you wanna...
lol
On the bus with Trevvoorrr!!!!:
I fucking love my TRUE friends.
Thanks for sticking by me and cody
Im just tweeting on his behalf.
Thank you!
Crowd anticipation building for It's going to be a good one!!
The White House petition to allow Disabled Veterans to use Medical Cannabis has qualified!
Thanks to all those who signed and shared!
: hahaha I was waiting on that.
Adversity makes you stronger.
I put shots up before  after that event
I figured out what I'm obsessive about...
Did y'all feel tht??
I felt that dunk, OKAY PaulGeorge , I see You!!
What is the benefit of a Tim Card vs.
just using my credit card?
Are there points, rewards, etc?
My logical mind is cool as a cucumber.
My irrational mind needs to either take a hike or be sedated.
Ah I didnt see you today!:
Love how our english discussion is about why strongsville and brunswick hate each other
Whistleblower Improvement Act, would require whistleblowers to report criminal activity internally in addition to the SEC...

Any time, Andoctora!
didn't have the heart to make fun of him
What's your favorite thing to do in Milwaukee?
Tweet us at
New Year's Eve blast in East Bay not yet sold out, but soon will be.
Get advance discount tickets now.
San Ramon Marriott Hotel Pkg deal.
Sounds delicious!
Or for the mathematically minded: doctorp that zero and get with the hero.
I gave my soul to someone else, she must have known it was already sold
Blackberry gone...
goodnight x
you are dumb
Second time I get a total of 6.66
u still asked him.
I'm pissed
Merry Christmas !
you've obviously never encountered the alternative minimum tax it creates a floor for wage earners like myself
Do you have a religion?
okay okay ;
Discussion: does comment 3 to R5.3 require atty to verify technical aspects of cloud computing?
Commission inclined to keep lang.
Follow Me Please!?
44
Playing on Nintendo 3ds love it monkey balls
RT  ScienceChannel Star Trek fans!
scientists will one day build an actual antimatter propulsion engine similar starship Enterprise  htt
going to the lib 
RT: Dance Moms Miamj is a mess.
And I'm already obsessed.
lol what friend?
That was a movie.
Heat still have a chance but dont get your hopes up
why as a matter of fact, I did buy some wine...
and string cheese.
I'm a classy broad.
when asked Who's your VP?
or Who's your Sec'y of State?
should answer, I'm considering a few...
list their qualifications.
Thanks for the follow back!
via lacteazoe
haha lucky!!!
I will be writing a blog post honoring pi later today, I will let you know when it is finished lol
RT : The way hickies feel  The way hickies look 
M Reese's Chips Ahoy :
Today is WorldMalariaDay.
Have you seen a video, an ad or a campaign that tells a compelling story?
Send it on  we'll RT our favorites!
These look so fantastic!
Haha.
You are a funny guy.
15 days to go my friend.
Right?
ethics and integrity be damned, got the game they wanted, but one team didn't deserve.
College sports: a fine molder of character!
D Lowe...NEXT!
Finalizing my plans for my trip to Salinas, CA for the CLC training in June.
Very excited!
Y'ALL ALRITE WITH ME!!!
This week on  looks at the worldwide grassroots antibillboard movement.
Is he out then?
Safely I hope.
oh my gosh.
I just did that.
Seattle really needs to adopt the black XX for underagers.
i agree with that about hipsters, they are cool people, but the creativity is lacking.
In the 45 seconds it took to chuck the 1,876 Viagra  other penisrelated Spams in my Spam folder, 4 more arrived.
AlliWannaDo is be with you
Should also be noted our first MTL metro ride included a station that was about to be evacuated due to a stabbing.
So there's that.
Shooting 1080p today with our New Nikon DSLR.
Very cool stuff!
Dnt know what to give her she got everything already
doing some research on the psychological effects on a sport fan when a major sporting team leaves a city or region
and iM tryna get into Danny Brown...so far I like him on Terrorist Threats
Just when I forgot the exact meaning of urban sprawl, Phoenix reminds me
it was fine.
if that was all BET did, people would be all of their asses.
true story.
lol good ones!
I was going to do a piece on doctoroling in honor of your distaste for it.
: haha
SEO Trending Up: Relevant content, inbound social links, usability, readability and design.
With QB struggles, tough to see any playmakers at WR...
But Mason looks the part, Chase Hammond can find space too
Got to see the final product of my portrait last night at an art show; was bittersweet as I said bye to lots of family before heading West.
just FYI, Frank Menchaa said it's been that way for 10 yrs for reading around the world.
US lagging behind.
I rooted for Voldemort.
You don't have any claim to the area you're trying to innovate in.
You have the privilege to take part in a change that's bigger than you.
.
no not working just learning at the moment but I have made it on the air a few times!!
anything missing?
Lol
haha oh boy, let the games begin on that one!
nah we'll be good though, we gotta get use to being around each other again, but
lol I need to too!!!!
I dont think i have seen the sun this whole week :
I think i found it!!
:D
go to the person thing tab by the search bar and click edit professorle 16days3x
Theses hoes taking all day my shi better b str8 from the pot or I'm clown some nice
and...Go Sox!
We have an amazing year ahead in 2011!
I need to get started on this term paper !
You know you do good work when ppl seek you!
Just made it home from the movies
Listening 2 some HTown ::
wish you were here!
Gettin on a plane without you!
Hold down the fort while I'm away!
job hunt went well tbc 2mister old bait tried txt me with lies told him bout himself in a lady like manner snake bites been texting me all day
I'm looking forward to the musesocial conversation on 3/29!
Congratulations to for a wonderful event honoring Fr.
Wild.
He truly did make MU a wonderful place that I treasure.
People are so fake.....you got to be kidding me...
why does it seem like I never see you on here anymore ?
Lol
and with you!
Thanks for the support!
Are you Vegan?
altacadvice If your grad prog fails to offer career mentoring outside trad ac, organize/attend workshops across campus for skills/ntwking.
Seriously, we've been waiting 15 min.
just to turn in...
What...
I can't stay in dis house today bout get doctorss
A rewarding experience, evaluating student research posters.
Loved the one on bilingual code switching!
they really do most the time it's weird there like dumb with each other like
WhenAustin got chased out of Chicago by his Mahomies;
This crowd is quiet.
Feels like I am watching the PGA tour on TV.
From what I can see, Rick Pitino is the last person to have a jersey retirement ceremony at Rupp Arena.
He was after Jamal Masburn
Just saw the have put in the initial paperwork to host a future Super Bowl!
Hopefully it goes through!
As are we!
Looking forward to a productive day 3D scanning
Mentoring relationships are healthy for kids, but make interactions between adults and childoctorn interruptible and observable at all times.
Keep watching to see Lauren makin' some truffles
I thought it was Greg's anatomy .
No problem, thanks for saying something to us.
I KNOCKED THAT PUSSY OUT NOW SHE NEED A CAT NAP!!!!!
LOL
So that is the look of Teenage boy happiness?
LOL.
Yes!!
: Mayor Bloomberg spoke at j NYC will be the 1 digital city, Do yu work in technology or aspire to?
oh yes.
Farming allows me to be outside all the time.
love your tweets!!
New  RESTORATIVE JUSTICE Volunteerdoctorven Approach to the CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM is CAP  Community Acceptance Program.
What are they called??
Jumped on a trampoline with my love made me feel like a kid again :
Hey, Natalia!
Sadly, not much in the way of fiction.
However, I'm pretty active as a film critic.
Tinkering with long tail strategy for local sponsorship.
Eliminate financial barriers to entry and reach out to smaller companies.
Thoughts?
Looking for a Publicist in ATL....any referrals?
RT Artists are the early warning system of a culture.
Marshall McLuhan
Which would hurt more: Cutting off the first or the second thumb?
RT No FAKE nails , lashes , hair ..
All me baby I must admit the lashes be poppin !!
// Shut yo ass up !
I would totally have a heart attack if this happened to me.
Glad it's fixed now!
:
np the show goes on  lupe fiasco
,,,,,,,,:THANKS FOR FOLLOWING!
But when you buy just tel me...
Thanks peppermint mocha !
Miss your face !
Since it sounds like LA's bigs got them the lead, maybe OKC decided to deny the bigs late and make Kobe beat them...
trekking north is highly advised.
Good Morning :
Great to meet you this weekend, thanks again for the talk and resources
.
in the interest of full disclosure, how much is a small amount of consulting for Pearson?
well I like when people make me things :D hand made gifts are ALWAYS the best!!
Glad to see another Portlander that will immediately know which OU I'm referring to.
As an actress, I love that I get to be in someone else's shoes every day.
And a girl has to have a lot of shoes!
i had a CONFIDENCE backfire moment.
I went to the wrong building for my final, showed up late for the exam
You dont even know what im feeling and you probably wont even understand Im less of a person thanks to you nothing in world can match
Residents from as far north as Oceanside purchased tickets for our Garden Tour  Expo.
If you haven't bought tickets yet, do so today!
iJever looks like a lesbian.
omg.
asdfghjkl;
Question: why do most women use shopping as a stress reliever???
Does it really help or does it just ease the pain?
First day of rehearsal for THE WOOD!
If u want my bbm pin its in my recent tweets :add me !
:D
OK next songs lyrics cause i cant find the 2nd song any where
Woot woot delicious fav part the espresso cookie!!
mildoctords RT: Bk work this week.
Now for lunch, , the usual?
Welcome to Twitter!
I'm making my way there now ahaha.
I apologize in advance to anybody who says 'Things aren't always what they seem' or 'i'm happy or I'm really happy'.
Actually, I'M NOT
: ThatOnePersonInSchool who whisper the answer when a teacher asking you a question.
you're welcome Evan Dowling.

Hey Simon, I just recently posted on FB I LOST 44lbs by changing to another COFFEE.
www.millionsdoctornkcoffee.com
2nite at The FARM: AT THE SKYLINES, A City Serene, No More Silence, Taking Sides, Burn Bright Apollo, Left For The Unknown, ACityMisleading
The Welcome Reception was great fun and great food.
Thank you Plateau.
After 'Younger Than Jesus' and 'Older Than God,' am running to last day of 'The Ungovernables' 2012 Triennial  thankyou
haha i totally hurd dipper lol but biffer makes sense now lol
The Republican Women's Candidate Forum is nearly underway at El Paso County GOP HQ.
People here are ready for answers.
I'm heads up against Denim Dave.
OH YA ALEX GO AHEAD AND DO A YOUNOW WHILE MY INTERNET DECIDES TO MAGICALLY TURN OFF.
.
I still love you tho.
Ew.
I just saw a legit Cold Stone commercial.
That brings back nightmares.
Thank You!
Thanks for the congrats, my dears!!!
: xoxo
My family from Maryland is staying at y house all weekend.
I've missed my cousin Stacy.
3
lol yes different McCoy's....
is the only one to do it 27 years on
I'm so mad that I left my iPod touch at home.
I need my music and games during lunch.
:
Heard that.
Thanks to Sen.
Lugar for his years of service to his country.
Now please exit stage right.
Is that a plugin or all custom?
It looks great.
Sorry, was sick weds, classes ALL day thurs.
checked fb pg for update.
are we on hold?
who has major probs w/ what?
if rumors true that TOR is out on Prince due to not wanting to go over 5yrs, MIL out due to budget, who is left?
CHC, SEA, BAL, TEX?
So you think you can dance choreographers and EDU Reformers at have something in common: v produce the best, work hard, get results
Congratulations to John Henry Decker You have a TON of support behind you!!!
Sadly, many of us are already assimilated.
But you know, there's still a lot of value in FB for users.
Groceries are also a huge part of retailnot a lot of online shopping there.
I see how fake u r jus from talkin to u yo ur a waste of space bounce
keep throwing with that arm and no one cares.
Sad but true...
RT : bo ryan is burying himself......live on radio.
defensive, small, petty, and lost.
James Jones when i counts!
itchin on a photograph
: CodySimpsonandPsanders What am I missing?!?
D:
damn...
ii don't know why ii set my expectations up so high  in the end, im just let down :/
Let me know when you follow
Thank you to all our twitter fans!
We crossed the 3,000 follower mark over the weekend!
See us
is it finally all starting to come together?
maybe, just maybe.
but couldn't come at a more necessary time.
Just saw a bicyclist on a major road with 70mph speed limit
Damn Barkley need therapy for his Laker hatred
Phew!
Paul Broun enlightened middle class on how to spend less.
Just cancel country club mbrshp!
And sell the Mercedes!
Of course!
ditto  I was expecting to get to hear from you guys.
:
It is a no hitter for the Angels' Jered Weaver against the Twins.
smokin like a hippie
raw10 i met a Motivation speaker who spoke to Midgets.
He told them They can still grow, just dont give up.
I just took on the lead role of the mistress in the feature film murder mystery The Manic Mistress filming this spring...
Gonna be fun!!!
Nice job by today on moms day brunch..
you're now 27
Cool.
I've been in Columbus Indiana for nearly 6 years after living in the Cincinnati area my whole life.
Because I have no clue what I'm supposed to do.
get a Metta World Peace while you at it.
I think I'm going to start using more hashtags...
New Workshop in Denver!
TwoDay Audition/Cold Reading Technique Sat  Sun, May 22  23, 10am  5pm www.actorsintensive.com or 323 620 6951
I approve this plan!
In 1936 today, Billboard magazine published the first list of bestselling pop records.
Is it crazy that I think resting is fun?
chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow !
: 3
Yes, but only my competitors to doctorve up the price ; J/k I usually do if it's a favorite band, or something Fitness based...
Actor Bill Nunn is offering free coaching sessions to Pittsburgharea HS students who enter the
I'm buying either a SportingKC shirt/jersey or a Clint Dempsey jersey....any suggestions people?
RoyalRumble THE VIPER
Soldout Hot Snakes show at Neumo's on a Monday night.
Zero smartphones in the air taking pics.
I love being old.
Have I mentioned my love for Tweets of Old?
RT : There are now seventeen blind pigs in Fargo.
ND1892
Meeting new ppl
Up tempo Teen Spirit is the best
GooglePlay just hit my Nav bar...
looks promising, too bad the desktop is dead.
Whoops, that didn't factor into the 5 year plan 5 years ago
Celebrity math: A smelly city in Indiana  a namebrand lantern  Gary Coleman.
Looking forward to being in No Carolina for the spring market
Wasn't it supposed to rain today?
I wore my rain boots for nothing
It's awkward that you ask, but I usually watch Netflix on my breaks over my phone and laptop.
this ought a be fun !
get that winky fayce off your tweet :
done and done.
I'd say lets do a dif song but nothing's better than
There are ALWAYS events at my high school to attend ;
That's my beef w/Tiger.
This type of engagement with fans in SM feels phony and scripted.
M...
Wish I could make it.
Totes walking distance too.
:
...best compliment ever.
I love you honey, bunches, O's as well.
xxxooo
don't worry i dont think no earthquake is due look up haarp tho thats wat did haite in
I cant speak of Color vs Tout.
I can say sausage making vids increases  of advocates  engagement between broadcasts.
u have no idea!
You need to come over and experience our homely renovated crib!
TimeForFourKingsYet?
that's where we were!
Awesome place!
I loved it!
Thanks for the tip!
3
Secured Tottenham Hotspur vs.
Liverpool FC tickets here in Charm City for my birthday.
what celebrity would you marry if you were gay?
;
look forward to your tweets !
thanks cutie!
Time to go help my sister again...
so much to do.
Have a gReAt Day :
it was great speaking with you.
Thanks for your insight  support of us the new generation.
One thing about me I never gave a fuck about who doesn't like me
: Don't be satisfied with just reading the Word.
Live the Word in power.
AW Tozer
i think I'm going to bed ..
I'll tweet you tomorrow :
yes, it seems that way!
May be should be Spring Madness!: So let me get this right, March madness now extends into April?
dido, except you are a dude.
agree.
And hasn't reality TV been around since TV was invented.
Called the news, America!
Planning a Bridal Shower, Baby Shower, Birthday Party, or Anniversary Celebration...
Look no further call 12031690, let me help you.
I'm sorry that the treatment for cancer is as bad or worse than the disease itself.
Sucks all the way around.
Have a latte!
i want you in my doctorams.
Happy Birthday to my nigga Rude Boy....
I love them 2 ;
Missed you on The View  is there a way I can view the segment online?
Congratulations!!
:
Journal Two due today!
A word doc was added if you can not open the original file.
Check the content section.
UWMJMCInterns
Thank you very much for FF mentions.
Have a great weekend.
Many should be credited when you succeed, but only you should accept blame when you fail.
Miraculously ended up at a bar full of UK fans in Hilton Head.
FYI  they are all super annoying.
Going to hit some golf balls
Very bad accident in front of the circle D.
Please pray for the victims.
all day primetime
So, the Olive Room has the best chips in town, right?
Bold statement, I know.
Well, guess what?
We now have the best potato salad, too...
Ha.
Has that always been there?
Made me laugh last night.
US release date for Raven?
Awaiting with great anticipation...
MARIOS DIS SATURDAYHATER FREE BASH TURNING UP AS ALWAYS WIT DA HOTTEST DJ...DJ STONE HOSTED BY MONEY MIKE DONT MISS IT
Easy Latrines bringing sanitation to third world countries.
Happy Sunday everyone!
:
OMG Romy And Michelle is on!!!
YES!
SCORE!
Ball is in your court.
well then I will be sure to ask you a question lol
These boys didn't know their fathers neither, and they weren't.
IM SO JELLY OF ALL YOUR FEASTS  GOOD FOOD !
D: 3'
I like the Saints...a good team who was able to resign their players and also upgrade at a couple of positions
it might help if you actually tweeted;
say them.
Or email them to me if you prefer.
mihaela at purdue
Setting my sites on ACRL 2013 because the keynote speaker is HENRY ROLLINS!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL!!!
RT : on the 1st day of christmas my true love gave to me a pretty puerto rican coqui
You know you're in the Midwest when all the vegetarian dishes have bacon in them and the carrots are covered in sugar
jail abuse commission's general counsel reveals LASD deputies union has succeeded in blocking full access to deputy personnel records
really?
Sounds juicy...
what makes you think he's on the dl?
Hope you enjoy Takeout  Delivery!
I haven't watched TheWalkingDead in so long.
I'll never defend David Stern again.
Yhuu Should Follow Me!!
Hey, fabulous!
Congratulations to you and Emory!
Cause after a while shit gets boring
PHEW!!
Don't want him.
Really!
food: rubicon deli, midtown eats.
coffee: the hub.
let me know if you're looking for something specific!
you're the best!
3333  thank you!!
Aww :/ haha do you like Jacks Mannequin?
Surf today appears a bit flat at the Pier.
May be a good day for some Bocce ball.
loving dissertation data collection.
this is too much fun.
:
Cats are crazy.
Running around all over the house an' shit.
Week 10!!!
Lots of teams on the bubble.
Who is going to get an F in the A?
EURO AS FUCK
Heh.
You got it!
Actually, had never heard of Bookzilla.
Trying to figure it out now.
But for most, heterosexuality has its own gravity.
From the point of view of form, heterosexuality is a reality.
2 of 2
I have a challenge for you, bb.
I like to have KPOP gifs as my last.fm user pic...
I have an irrationally strong response to being scolded.
English Proverb We are usually the best men when in the worst health.
Okay.
And its not her fault.
If u hate on her.
She is gonna say something to u.
And what if her and austin actually ended up
My sense is that the market manipulators are going to take a run at pulling the DOW positive today.
I would not bet against them.
my effin stomach itches ?
afta11 Harvey White  it's not just 'nice' to have the arts in schools anymore; arts education is an economic necessity.
what are you doing tonight
As a Dodger fan, Gibson's '88 World Series home run is my alltime baseball moment.
But what the Cards did tonight is way up there.
you're gonna need more flashtubes.
Soo beach, Colin, fireworks...
Fun!
Winners hate losing, but are willing to lose in order to get better.
Robert Kiyosaki
once you get there you won't even notice the rain :
Bra shopping with ?
Hell yeah!
She's pretty hot.
Lololol.
Dear national weather service, I understand that theres a tornado watch.
U dont need to interrupt my tv every 5 minutes to warn me!
Day 2 of putting the final touches on our art for peace curriculum.
This thing is a beautiful work if art!
Attending Libraries and MARC Holdings, long live MFHD!
a stick of butter with the word Store on it would look way cool
Fave interview would be with a L.I.
girl turned defense atty who is at heart an air guitar/karaoke artist
You're welcome!
Definitely going for a walk
Light of the world forever will reign!
Actions will always speak londer than words.
hope you guys don't have to deal with a tornado!
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Yo homie!
Enjoy this fabulous city of mine!
Go 2 Brooklyn Heights Promenade  trip on the most amazing view of the city!
Favorite part of The Muppets movie...
80's Robot:Would you like some New Coke?
muppets Kermit:Not now 80's Robot!
I think the Browns could have an 88 season this year, easily.
RT : Used to think late night was only time for writing.
Now love being 1st up, coffee, birds, words...morning!
omg!!
what a night it was at Roc Bar!!
Def got Brandon way fucked up and had some great times with allot of people.
i got shawasted myself 
Lee and Halladay are amazing pitchers.
CC is so good because hes just such a horse.
but hes not an amazing pitcher.
Getting ready to listen to former  reporter John Larson present 'Finding Your Center'
I have no clue!
:/
Three quarters of the class is female...
that could get awkward.
This is like a Wizards reunion: Caron, Gil, Nick Young, Randy Foye...
KG will B 36 Saturday
Client of yours?
Given the standard smell of an NYC subway platform in the summer I hope the campaign makes it here soon!
Can't wait o get home and rest.
Been long day I'm a tired kid lol R.I.P Marco Simoncelli I miss u a lot
Hooray!
Everyone has left LA and now I'm home alone.
The far religious right believes one can be helped primarily by accepting God and Jesus.
The left would prefer to help via career training
Like I said not a golf guy...
It would be a one time thing.
Soccer on the other hand, no interest, only girls play it here.
Why are kid toys so much cooler once I get older??
If your lack of punctuation is any indication of your intellect, the odds of you passing that test are slim tbh.
Sorry I completely forget, what is it I have to do again?
:
Just read an email that mentioned your replacement, then I realized you got a promotion!
Belated congrats, buddy!
headed to walmart,,,i love mountain dew btw lol.
FOLLOWERS TELL YA FOLLOWERS 2 FOLLOWME
great series.
Please don't leave us for more money
No, obese gentleman with oppressively powerful BO, I don't want to watch sweet ass porn on your phone.
Fun meeting!
Up and at em  last day in Africa  today's crossfit is KAREN  150 wallball shots  also taking a SPIN class in Dakar.
www.crossfit.com
: : NYPD brutality at OccupyOakland solidarity march This heading is false.
watch the video, no police brutality
Why do sharks get their own week?
Is anyone really that excited about sharks?
Good Morning!!:
the important thing is Wynona ISN'T on it
Why not have your entre  dessert all in one?
Order a burger and dip your French fry in Vanilla Custard
FF My fellow Sharpies
okay that's what I thought...what's the plan?
RT : Your employees already have a social media policy.
If you're lucky, they included you.
...you could always use a computer
where's the like button when you need it?
:
U know it's a prob when u turn the tv to Netflix and not the real housewives
What should I do ?
I feel boring
what's up Flesh, tell LB and Bob I said what's up.
airflow in hoods, ducts or rooms.
Their highly noticeable smoke offers a safe, troublefree way to perform flow checks.
For whatever...
You lie!!!
Re oil and gas
Life is all about ass.
Laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, trying to get a piece of it, or simply just being one :
So u just accept that as reality?
Suck for 3.5 years to win in years 4 or 5, and if things don't turn our perfectly, repeat?
On our way to Half Moon Bay, playing at 4:30 pm with my sextet at the Bach society.
Wonderful Jackie Ryan will join us for few songs
Older men declare war.
But it is the youth that must fight...Herbert Hoover
what was the rules for ping pong game with the spinning?
Spin on serve?
Thanks...
Deal Oh is set for Jan 9th Launch Date, Hope you are ready!
.
is coming through 5x5, addoctorssing the gov20LA conference via Talking mobility, social, networks in earlyadopting DoD.
lol Ron Paul is the only sane person in the room and he knows it.
u gotta get on the computer an link fb to twitter
its all lawn seats so ill be right the middle of the pit
Tried to turn down the tv.
Hitting the volume button on my laptop instead.
lol it's still a good pic : hey follow back btw ; please!
:
I haven't been in the studio in a while.
I got you though when I do.
sure  I'll do a lightning talk about that today, then
wheneverimbored I like to watch
okay but Im still not convinced ur not hacked.
If not, last time I'll ask, promise, but do u ever talk to KMcNichol?luvbothu
Had one of the best weeks of my life with the whole crew.
We shot a few short films!
Can't wait to debut them.
:
notices his fans because he cares:
home..sweet...home..
lol i am followin he is so funny n i cant wait 2 see his new movie :
I have a lot of fully lyricized solos I've doneBaker, Clifford, Mingus...
Sitting here watching the chappelle show and thinking about Miami
A Football Life is AMAZING...Belichick is a Great Coach
Personal would never pay more than 200 for a bike
First day of my new job!

follow them.
my ole lady was playing the doctorw something game not me haha just so you know.
Wonderful!
I will be in contact with you when I receive your application!
Man that spaghetti hit spot:
The Social Network: angry Asperger's sufferer, obsessed w/achievement makes stuff, gets in trouble, screws people over.
No sex.
2.5 stars.
where are you lol
Just watched Ed sing The A Team for the second time on Conan  I still could help but get teary eyed.
smh yea for about 2hrs and then it's back to reality
cheesy smile!!
it really sucks!
Back in the homeland !
Anyone going to the NAMM Show in LA?
heardonthestreet The clerk at the gas station suggested I may be from his country.
I asked what country is that, he said Yemen, word?
Oo
I didnt stop loving you.
I just decided to stop showing it.
Because no matter how much I tried, you just wouldnt get it.
I love the rain :
If you wanna lie,lie properly please.
I'm not stupid.
King Tut Day!
He coulda won a Grammy, Buried in his Jammies, Born in ArizonaMoved to Babylonia, Got a condo made of stonea.
Steve M.,SNL
Miss is trying to get us doctornk off of the game asshole!
for all your snark and distaste for vegetarians you're a good dude.
It's shows onscreen.
Hank Williams Jr.
was lucky to have that Monday Night Football gig.
I always thought his song was lame.
this is fake .
RT Commit to your Goals !
DJ Jazzy Jeff was sick  Myst!
Check it out next Saturday for the Ratio Party!
Sleep  than off to The W pool Party!
Hit me up8820317
what's up Ms J?
HELLYEAH!!
THERE ON FIRE I LOVE HEAT!!!
Tonight I'm spinning at Couture Ultra Lounge w/ the In Nightlife Crew!
Come and have a doctornk!
Today it's postproduction in the AM.
Budgets, research, proposals in the PM.
Robert Carlyle's evil Rumplestiltskin giggle kills me.
I freking love you!
Your music always makes me feel better 3
Yay!
Heard GREAT review of yr book from !
Can't wait.
Heard it will make a fab Mother's Day gift.
Brilliant!
he is meeting the prime minister of england at the white house today...via twitter...go figure!
I'm so happy.
I can shit rainbows
my thoughts exactly when I saw that this morning!
EAST SIDE VERSUS EAST LOS ANGELES  BATTLE IS RAGING,
pls email me at to set a time for a call.
Hoping Fri at 3pm ET works.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
Just remembered when I saw it on the shelf that at the nybookfair I promised to quote something to...someone.
Crap.
I can't help but wonder how it is that you even have friends...
howtokeeparelationship put God FIRST.
If you fail this one all others will come apart.
Big Bank take lil bank.
CONGRATS on NEW SEED Sorry so late Not sure if we are FAM anymore...
But BIG UPS to family and fatherhood none the less!
indeed...
most people are watching ME though, so i'm just returning the favor.
:
OMG I blather on about UI all the time and get ignored.
I need to bounce ideas off you.
Also Ass Creed Bro still makes me giggly.
I was pleasantly surprised by this score.
Such great, IndianaJonesesque, swashbuckling work.
Happy Writing!
Thank you for the reminder.
Putting on my ThreeHour Bach Study Mix.
I love my sweet diesel ride and a sour diesel high.
Coincidence???
:
she's like annoying.
she sleeps on the say anything bus while the rest of her band sleeps on the van...
amen, hallelujah!
right there with ya, cap'n!
I'd like to make a shoutout...
SHOUTOUT!!!!
to Go follow NOW!
:D Xx
can't wait!
Now days u got have you some money about yourself, dont no girl want no broke nigga..
Aides softpedal Romney remarks to donors
Congrats Lynda!
So welldeserved!
love you too
How to respond to gorgeous weather?
Stay outside!
navy yard movie night
oh damn...
Okay well I'll just get the lens, me and you can do another photoshoot for him when we have more time.
Thanks for following!
TM
Love don't run.3
How is Angie and the baby?
A sister
Who do you want to win the final??
always amazes me that jump shooters get more calls than Rose attacking the rim.
aw I'm sorry!
This casting place seems to do this for so many people.
there will be other chances :D :D
Anybody watching MNF?
We bet isn't too stoked on Painter's performance.
R.I.P Adam MCA Yauch.
So sad
I didn't get a text, so maybe.
Also, texting such vague info isn't the best system.
s'ok,..
I brought a slice of coconut cream pie from home today.
I don't think people realize how strong the word 'love' is anymore.
So sad,Bella Not RT me,but bella have the Style  Class.
Watch out for Tuesdays here...
1/2 off every bottle of wine, starting next week!
Fridays  Chef's Choice wine specials!
RT if your on twitter right now and sitting down.....
What a bull shit goal.
We kill off all of these bull shit penalties then give up a garbage deflection goal.
It's just not meant to be.
u shud ask if u can...
will do
Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up with a smile on my face  pretend everything alright..
Like always.
I just read this now...
2 days later...
And its still funny as all hell : Is Home Depot even open today?
Shout out to two number two's and a small diet coke...you will die  modasucka
dont be laughin at my baby bunny almost dying aint nothing funn !
will do.
u think i want ed to my aunt and uncledoctorve 2 hours for fruit and bacon and pork chops
Thank you!
So glad we could help!
Keep up the good work yourself!
:
The 23mo didn't get the memo: it's a rainy Saturday  please sleep in :
I love having a band that always knows how to make my songs better
why hello there miss baatz!
bogost protocol.
I'm sure that joke has been made before.
Tim Tebow traded to the NY Jets.
thank you so much!!!!
I was at the table with ma fraand  okay
Have you read his other books?
Hey....
how's it going?
RT : Fat Albert What on earth was Tracy Morgan thinking bigpayday  Although Arthur with unibrow boy...
can't see if you've covered this already save up.
Love it a reward program for saving....
We are in fact looking for a few interns!
Interested?
Email us your CV:
You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
Work hard this summer  remember: if U R not practicing, someone else is.
Now ur Just somebody that I used to know........
what's that?
You r a genuinely sweet person  we like that !
BIG Howdy fr Ur fans in GA  Enjoy Ur Holiday Season 3 The Davis Fam 
Awww shucks ;RT : I truly thank God for the friendships I have and those I see developing.....shout out to 
I wish everyone much success today
Mariners beat the Twins 52.
Post game reaction on KING 5 News at 5.
you have no idea 
Pomona glllasshouse it's been awhile...
Were all learning here; the best listeners will end up the smartest.
Charlene Li, Social Media expert
Sorry peeps I don't open ecards.
Never have, never will.
: Better than whatever you got.
yes.
kind of takes a bit of looking into so only if you have a little time.
MISS YOU!
I pay lot of money just to taken him here
they're the best and I can't wait to meet them in a few weeks :
You're too funny.
Late night studying with my roomie :
Spring Cleaning!
:
Morgan Freeman goes hard in Bombs Away by B.o.B
Tim Duncan just sent an email to say thanks for the opportunity to be in 's new campaign.
Class act.
thanks for the retweet Hollywood Tweet!!!
This just in: NBC will be ending all three of its good shows.
Hi follow me back ?
Keep those beautiful pics of Denver coming, friends!
Haha, I laughed so hard.
What is this RE?
Question Tucson: Why is the road Miracle Mile named Miracle Mile, whats the Miracle??
ya'll are retards.
ME AND CODY ROCK!
The women on Survivor are complete idiots.
There's some things you can't take back
Dear idiots of twitter: so y'all know, its GOOBER Pyle that passed!
Thank you......as you were.
Wrists, ankles, fingers...
feels like I was in a bar fight, ffs.
Appointment can't come soon enough.
Former FCC chair Reed Hundt against House bill says worst ever.
I'm on it!
On the board with 2!
Come on Brewers, rally time!
boards o matchless boards
Ha!
RT I really wish that new show Smash was a spinoff of Friday Night Lights.
I'm almost finished reading your book, UnMarketing!
So good!
Love, love, love it!
Hi  how can we be of assistance?
it's only a rough doctorft, so I have yet to publish it.
Only sent it to a few folk for critique and feedback, as I work to a final
As Rupert Murdoch leaves the stage, trouble waits in the wings
tickets for Frankenstein are currently available at some theater locations but will go wide starting Friday, May 4.
Now you just need to hit up St.
Armands Circle and eat luch at the Columbia Restaurant!
FMLF12 Ah ha..the 1st mention of Paid, Owned,  Earned.
Ok marketing folks get it!
Kiddies have their technology to play their games.
Make that money and get that technology!
seriously!
Wouldn't it be worse if you were a doctorg queen for a day?
Totally agree...very little there that would make me put up with the hassles of that event.
Mold !
Fire damage
gonna miss u on the court..
Seeya next season Ewill
I know shocking!!!
I'm born to run
will be at Red Eyes Coffee 4164 N Lincoln Ave tonight with Rep.
Ann Williams
Remembering your falling into my arms crying for the death of your heart.....
oh man...
how much experience are you looking for?
I might know a few people for you
: note to self: I shouldn't have watched 50/50 in public.
Im Bacc Like I Really Left Aha
has there ever been a more pathetic/incredibly lucky guy than this dylan character on real world San Diego?
If yall know anyone famous, tell them about my boy Dwight Junior.
He is willing to work hard for good music.
Hey What up T.
The boys are walking around in their uniforms now!
They can't wait.
What about Lil T?
Just saw a new commercial featuring a magician.
I believe it is a CLEAR commercial.
Look out for it.
A6: I have a saying, Everybody ain't gonna make it!
You interfere with what were building you may not be around to see it!
how is that bar line?
Come be our mayor please.
We need you here.
HOW TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD: 1.
guys there's already a book on this.
I don't have time..
And Seth lived an hundoctord and five years, and begat Enos:
RT : Happy birthday wish you many more happyhealthy and more years of success!
Nov 7 1940, the Tacoma Narrows Bridge Galloping Gertie collapsed 4 months after its completion!
It's still studied by engineers today!
Hahahah.
You just made my whole day.
I can hear you saying it in my head :
I need to talk to new people 
Yes, lets me answer :D
Good choices!
RT : deviled eggs, clementine cocktai  roasted turkey sandwich.
All great!
Lamar Smith is skipping his fifth debate today, and people here are upset about it.
Yum!
rt Free Pizza and doctornks!
6PM Marina Vista Room for comedy party
My teacher has such a bad attitude
bah!
Not so crazy writing my twitter handle on the top of a togo handle, now is it?
So glad you'll be celebrating herelooking forward to your visit!
Whatchew working on right now?
That was overtheback BlakeGriffin lol
You need one more L...
have they done away with jury sequestering?
so good!
Watching 106 and park!!!!
Students' assessment of A Mercy: everyone in this book is crazy.
We haven't even gotten to the end yet.
oh yeah.
Yikes.
me too!
it's looks amazing!
I know, right?lol How about you?
You still roam this earth?
o.o lol
lov u to

RT Shut it down in Philly!
Talented dude...
goodlookin...you did ya thing too my GThnx!
BBQ BEACH Live music tonight: Reverb Control 9:30pm2am Bobbing for Beer: 10 beer bucket 5 The Little black shot 7 The Little Black Bomb
Saw your new shorts video...
Ugh.
Why are you so cute?!
I love you Jordan 3 Mary.
:
The ones who stand up are the only ones who will be remembered.
Laser Cats !
i agree with you ....RT : Someone may need to be Wade on his ass...stat
The week between Christmas and New Years Day is the Laziest week...light work week but on call for jury duty...no swearing in today !
RT : It is absurd to divide people into good and bad.
People are either charming or tedious.
Oscar Wilde
Happy Valentines day rouxers 3 hope you guys have a great day :
Heavy reps on shooting machine w/ 2nd client today.
Focusing on set  release quickness w/ high  offcenter catches..3 sec delays.
Thanks to all 765 of you who have turned out for the National Public Health Week Film Festival.
Hope to hit 1,000 tonight!
caa2012: Question from the floor to Nick Mirzoeff: is there a space outside the market?
Major Props to our freinds  sharing fresh insight from the great people behind amazing companies!
Yeah I gt my iPad unlocked finally lol
lol  this girl tryna tell me im stupid when she doesnt even know me.
Hahah I think we've established this already thou..
There is no known cure for PWL...
haha never was MyFairLady less ladylike!
You're welcome!
We hope to have you in to give our healthy alternatives a try when we open!
Have an awesome, active weekend.
Just got the developer version of the new Facebook...
not live yet..
but its actually kinda cool..
Second interception for the sharks leading to both of their tries
Yep.
Ran the story last night.
Shaddup RT Not that it really matters, but I never argued that NFL honors should apply to college HOF.
Police looking for young white girl, named Abagail, with mental disabilities in the Fish Hatchery/Beltline area
I followed for you
Not cool bro
I'm seriously thinking about dying my hair blonde or black
Agreed!
Watched him at Farmer's Insurance Open  Torrey Pines in person last week.
So happy for him today.
What a turnaround!
thank you that's a compliment xo cc
Happy Mother's Day!
:D
are you still having issue with SB6120?
He didn't even say what he said he was going to say..
Watching The Hours.
This is too intense.
Happy birthday!!!
So excited to be working together 
LeBron: I am taking my talents south, bitch!
Slight chance I might've misheard that...
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Ingrid Bergman
i've had nothing to say for a long, long time...
Dance what your belly believes.
Back at MU for a business plan competition.
I think I could go to school for ever
Understand basic economics and job creation.
WhatWouldTomDo
got to be a model for mag yesterday.
They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain and nourish all the world.
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost
got damn u lookin rite wit the red
Thanks for the RT's!
Scenes for next sharktank as cryptic as those from madmen; you all in cahoots?
Omg so fucking tired!
ok twitter I'm back
alright, this is getting ridiculous.
Omg i just want it to play already hehe :
I just feel complete when you're by my side.
I have the most embarrassing family.
Also emailed trk
Good Morning Fam!!
I hope everyone is having a blessed day!!
much love
School is soo boring!
Found out that high powered SEO guru, Brad Fallon, moved away from SEO  is now working on a cool new business idea.
Is SEO finished?
Mfckahs stay actn a fool
So I just bought The Iron Daughter and I know I shouldn't start reading it.
I have other things to do.
But
....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DUDE!!!
hope u had a good one.
lol me neither
I love having lunch with absolutely no company...peace.
Shut Up MOO COW!
lucky...
Joesph don't come into the Midwest often.
It's all done in silence.
We're finally alive!
Heed the call.
This is the fight.
Here the darkness meets the light.
TheWedding  Reveal
Graphic designer w/vehicle wrap experience needed.
Experience highly recommended.
40hrs/wk guaranteed w/benefits!
My butt is falling asleep
Sometimes small get togethers are more fun than huge ragers
I hate when that retarded Sour Patch Kid scores.
Need a quick response, here.
Lunch Feature: grilled chicken Caesar salad.
Soup: best clam chowder in
I photographed you in LA for Footloose.
I'm working on a short film you would be perfect for.
Can I send you the script?
What Im Do Ths Week END !
I made it ma top of tha world
iPhones don't even fix my typos
Kids r back from camp.
Can't believe how much I missed 'em.
Just kidding about boarding school.
Plus, John Scott!
I need to make a new video it's been way to long
Should I kill it this summer with a pair of Jorts?
So true!!
My local news talking about people stuck on their farms.
sigh
At my buddy's softball game!
Its
I've been abusing With Ears To See  Eyes To Hear by SWS all day.
I never even liked song til today OO
JOB INTERVIEW!!!
well really think about that and make it your goal.
Ur last couple tweets Iiked them :
I'm the fuggin man, you don't get it do ya?
On the morningblend tomorrow to talk animalassisted therapy at great Milwaukee program.
Watch at 9 to see a cute dog.
And me.
haha tell your friend I said hi :P lol and I'm at my cousin's house :/ lol
thanks for the follow and the RT!
whats the name of the song?
Pretty normal for a debut.
I'm working on some dub step remixes if you're interested.
lol u won't even be up yet
oh my goodness love that!
Must.go.there!
We are here to awaken from the illusion of our separateness  Thich Nhat Hanh, Vietnamese Buddhist monk
A/S/L
Hacked by Katy!
I love u mal.
Even though you freak out over things like going to the doctor baha I love u boo!!
You'll be ok
Setting up a special mtg w/ interested board mems.
Other SFL event professor interested, join us:
well, heard back from Atlantic.
They said there have been myriad reasons the band hasn't toured here but said that
So, I had an interview at DSW today...
it went well cause I'm the Queen of interviews!
I know,but he'll always talk sadly :P And Gaylord,yes he is but only cause he's conceded
it was pretty good actually.
: How was yours?
So that's why your texting feature is obviously not functioning.
Had an amazing weekend!
what I really want from poets is a total trenchthrone approach
Lebron has a new nickname...
brownie induced coma
There is no problem so big it cannot be solved by knowing the solution.
Tried twice.
, she no go.
new doctorpal version should be online this summer.
I applied for grant to fund a new system for tracking and ...
is presenting Twitter 101 to
take pics from the game and tag them!
!
got it, thanks!
Last week of high school...
this is weird...
Congratulations, let us know more info when they come out.
Standing out front of Chipotle with a couple who is playing Words with Friends together on their phones.
The smack talk is adorable.
well it's kind of weird but not that much
How interested were they in content if SM is enough for them?
Controversial.
Masters by a landslide.
Mike Brown to the Lakers, really?
RT Thanks for the Mentions/Chat or RTs Ya'll :
up up down down left right left right b a start...unlimited breakfast
RT : Where there is Love, there is no need for words.
If you find out there is someone dying to meet you
derek!
dont take it he's a stranger and you know what he took it.
daterapedoctorg?
in gum?
haha
: Come on by.
I'll try to rescue a couple from and
ThingsIGotToTeachMySon is to be a man of his word and how to accept responsibility of whatever he does
Wha?
: No offense to Wall, Knight, or Teague, because they r awesome players, but if had to choose I'd pick over them.
Appt tomorrow to discuss possible volunteer opportunities in archives.
FutureNEXT Plan: initiate!
down town or hollywood park.
idk, did u go on our 8th grade trip yet?
sitting around waiting to watch the Raven
share them xD
Some people need to get a fucking life......
how was the show?
Don't wanna go to school :
no more sad stories tomorrow please!
ha
haha nah i don't give a shit about that...I'm just not ready to say goodbye to people for the summer.
or forever in some cases.
NO problem
LMAO the narrator is so right, tina is totally underappreciated
how u know lmaoo and that's so random
My last tweet.....yea idk either ..
Good news followed by extremely bad news.
The butterflies  shit theory holds true.
desertlibrarian: I'd really rather keep librarian in new name if at all possible  removing it won't change the perception prob IMHO  ...
tell Charlie and friends to SHUT UP as Oscar nominees are announced.
OMG, you can't hear!!!
B4 I move is love a proper tour of Atlanta
What about aftercredit scenes?
I wouldn't dare spoil those for anyone, but they are rarely important to the preceding film
I don't get the American gypsy wedding show.
This isn't entertaining.
you will rental prices for studios as low as 1100 with one bedoctorom as high as 2200
Whitney We Will Always Love You.
You Were Truly Every Woman!

depends on how you animate
Ah!
I don't like not feeling good!
But they spelled it I'm gonna kill you scumbag!.
Oh how ya do me
Sadly, more likely want to be thought a nice girl : RT by do women tend to say the minimum they could cope with
I guess now I'm a junior.
Suuus.
you're not!
Stfu or I'll kick your ass
Creativity is thinking up new things; Innovation is doing new things.
Theodore Levitt
I joined, but have only pinned one thing so far.
To be honest, I don't get it.
I need a bed..smh should have stayed home lol
are they really going to amuse Romney by going ahead and having an election this year?
poor guy.
quotes The fact is, everyone is in sales.
Whatever area you work in, you do have clients and you do need to sell.
That's lovely.
I'll take a look next time I'm that way.
No MMQB today?
It's one of the highlights of my Monday morning.
tweet tweet!
: Hmm.
Anything in the romance, fantasy, historical fiction, mystery, or scifi genres will do.
I'm a pretty flexible reader.
: best practices permissions song lyricsdon't ask don't tell
RT Costanza said it best  SEVEN!
RT this if you can't wait for Game7 tonight!
Head hurts and really want lunch :P Friday why u gotta suck so bad???
I signed it when I lived there.
Totally disagree that it is unethical.
Been meaning to email per previous Twitter convo.
he ain't lying.
He goes to a 6 haircut place on Ashland.
I had a horrible feeling it was still Monday.
Trade him now :p RT : Tim Thomas just broke the cardinal sin.
Walked on the Bruins logo in the doctorssing room.
LETS GO CUBBIES!
Will herhopness be gracing us w her presence?
RT : Dinner Friday NoDa Brewing Company 59pm
but thats just my opinion from the video
Virginia Tech will never do it, but they should call Al Skinner.
yes indeed love u too stamped
Pleased with my race performance in Bloomington, IN today!
Need more followers
There is no better feeling as a yoga teacher than putting your mentor to sleep during Savasana
They say your first love is the sweetest, but the first cut is always the deepest.
doctorke
heard mich st is a fun away game buddy of mine has a lake house up that way gonna see if i can swing it
wineva yal can squeeze me n!,,,Get At Me!
your too pretty to be lonely thanks, but noo...just shut up d:
Loving the halftime show so far
I swear I need to tke some anger managemnt class cuz people stay pissin me off
that's a mean word, its lightening outside now because of you.
Sleep?
What's that???
Doug, that's not fair.
Raising SOME money is ONE sign of viability.
Without money, how do you reach all voters?
Did you ever think you'd be getting interviewed on ESPN?
You look great!
Can't wait to see Money Ball.
Congrats, guy.
Broke Hoes , Cant Be Fixed

Cannot trust anyone these days.
Fake is becoming a new trend.
ur very welcome.
GhettoGameShow Let's Make a doctorg Deal
dick mouth
Forman Mills is a wonderland of fashion.
Clearly CapitolOne is looking for good PR and a new generation of customers with their high school managed branch in a DC school.
just played a blast at Prelude Festival with World of Wires!
sarita Choudhury, Mikeah Jennings, Tanya Selvaratnam, jon morris, ayesha ng..
it's probably for the better.
This is kind of an unwise expedition.
I DON'T GIVE A SHIT I LOVE AVOCADOS AND I LOVE ZAYN AND I HATE MY LIFE
Its not rocket science lol : Half of the people talking shit have never even played ball or don't know much bout it.
': pin
Your life looks literally identical now.
Stop trying to hold onto the past.
You cant start the next chapter of your life if you keep rereading your last one.
Don't and won't member shit.doctorNK !!!
Want to know the best way to consistently eat healthy?...Plan Ahead!
Planning your grocery shopping and meals makes the process doable :
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN not Selena, Miley is REAL TALENT, selena is a product created by POPULARITY lml
does Dice like this girl..I love Po's shoes!!
let me know what info you need!
Signed up for Gary Chapman's Internet and Public Policy class; signed up for Miles Efron's Math Fundamentals of Information Studies class.
WISH SOMEDAY YOU NOTICE ME3 :'
It was 50 today, but this weekend it's going to dip to the 20's with good chances of snow every day.
Looks like we'll be having a nice deleted scenes bonus section on the DVD.
Oh yeah sorry haha lost u for a second haha
Sadly, I couldn't go to the parking meter demonstration.
Good thing I don't have a car.
pretty chill spring break.it's been good
Amazing Faces is another fabulous poetry resource
A little sad you stopped the one a day on Flickr..
you were my motivation!
: Hope you still continue to post of pups!
Tonight, the first video from Music From the Film CENTER OF GRAVITY goes live.
Was she planking?
:
I'm from san Antonio now living in Denver.
GO SPURS GO!!
How about 1000 full color CDs in full color cardboard sleeves w/shrink wrap  24 custom tshirts for 890??
Hit us.
It's for real.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Postdivorce spousal support, or alimony, is rare in Texas but it is possible under certain circumstances.
Happy to have a new EYP member!
RocYPs RT : I finally got my membership card in the mail!
Its a great thing when you reach the level of intelligence that you recognize and understand what most are blind to
thanks Erin!!!
I love Linkedin...
but I use it more for prospecting new business opportunities
Watching on BET Going H.A.M on Lil Ricky
Congrats to WWU Vikings Div.
II Mens Basketball National Champs!
110 years in the making.
THANKS Dave for the RT!
RT : Mark your calendars!
It is official July 26th is the next date for IGNITE NEWARK...
Thanks Ma'am!
:
it is going to be a long summer and Fall
My sister got engaged yesterday.
Gave 5 people gifts and fed/nurtured stray cat :.
Ah the joy of GIVING.
Now off to the.....it's a suprise.
I will send some pics.
I ain't trippin on nothing I'm just slippin on something at suede ; get it
this virus thing with my website;man the things you learn
Josh Smith started to say, The Celtics have the best fans, before stopping short and saying, some of the best fans in the NBA.
I feel another lunch time RUN coming on...
Fantasy boyfriend just got elected!
Go mayoremanuel !
I hate death.
No matter what, death is the only regular in life.
And I hate it.
Now through Columbus Day, free shipping on all orders over 25 within the continental U.S.
!
Visit www.audiobookcontractors.com
Great!
Excited to read your spin!
I know!
That effer
Going to shower, been a long day!
BE back soon to get back to all you.
Thanking god in everything we do.
ready for most things maybe not everything.
Haha
Studio, ima hitchu up in a few minutes
Metta   n.
The Buddhist virtue of kindness
doctorDOG
Come on grizz.
finals winner heading to Aruba with !
Legendary Tennessee Lady Vols coach Pat Summitt is retiring.
She has 8 championships and 1,098 wins, the most ever in college basketball.
I'm sayin!!
LOL RT : LOL that I never watched Miami Vice.
I should now that I've lived here for 10 years!
Yu is playing so good now.
can I get a follow back, love u girl
please follow she is you biggest fan!98
FINALLY done with my project
ON WISCONSIN.....
on to Iowa next Saturday, work never stops GO BADGERS
thnx bro!
Yeah we will have to meet up, let me what works for u all!
Yay!
Welcome to Twitter!
...
now I don't know what else to say...
Thanks for being ST cast and fan!
We appreciate you.
cool, thanks so much.
if anyone wants a trailormate in crooksville, oh though, make sure to let me know.
yall are some robots
hey do u have a cell phone?;
I am in my element.
ThoughtsDuringSchool When we get outta here ?!
We need individuals to work from home.
The pay is 1,000 weekly.
Send me your email addoctorss for details.
This is not a scam....
will never forget that series  ken wregget in game 7!
Walking batters in front of Ryan Braun usually ends well.
Good luck!
CASEY RECORDED ME FALLING DOWN!
no problem I was just curious lol
Im celebrating malcolmx birthday
What is your biggest challenge in staying healthy while running your home biz?
Your smartest strategy to combat this problem?
Let's get...
Will do!
I'll put you on something fun for this one.
Student panel says there's a social stigma re: being poor if u don't own an iPhone
Let's go state.
Payne you are a beast.
The Most Painful Is To Love Someone And Never Find The Courage To Let The Person Know How You Feel.
I've just decided to grow a mustache to show my support for 's stand against the mining bill.
You in, ?
HFC will host a lecture, World Sensorium: Olfactory World Views, today at 1:00 PM.
Please join us for this very special event.
Am using hypnosis for teen, tween and adult actors and others to not only help esteem but great for memorization.
I go in Chicago to Core Power Yoga:
AskDerulo can I be in your next video..
I believe that needs to put back on the cover of their issue again.
:
you are my world and I love you..
I am about to create a go animate comic for my TIE workshop
Laker come back we down 30  let's go.
Football is back...Courtroom style.
Appeal in 8th circuit starts today.
Someone help ponyboy :
Happy mothers day to all the moms who have been called to heaven.
3
Serious tweet: Does anyone actually like the game of Horseshoes?
I do so shut up haha!
Watching The Steve Wilkos show
thats what up
w her chocolate ass
first to buy an tshirt!!!
Thanks for the love
eats good on yo end bro?
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
RT : Now this is fun to write: welcome to Detroit!
Good work, Josh!
wait what?
hey Sexii it does not prove motive where is the motive.
The WCSS Communications Committee meeting is on Fri.
We need more volunteers!
Interested in getting involved?
No love /3
In Tallahassee, FL riding to get some lunch.
We got here at 2:30am
thanks for the follow
Excuse me while I listen to new Screaming Females.
Thanks again for using ShowClix.
We hope you enjoyed the show!
follow back
thanks!
gotta muster up my courgae ;
Reading 50 Shades of Grey.
It makes me feel like I need to go to confession after every chapter.
Wow.
I've never read smut like this b4.
we miss you too!
How've you been?!
Even though my Kroger Lite Strawberry Yogurt has two puncture marks in the aluminum seal, I'm going to eat it anyway.
Livin' on the edge!
lol ur smart haha no one ever thinks my name is olivia even though my username is olive oil Stupidppl lol jk
30 min to American Idol.
just played Father  Son by then Grapefruit Moon by then Jesus by Velvet Underground.
Heart melted.
um awesome!!!!!!
I bet it was amazing!
D3 offers best wishes today to the following candidates: T.J., S.C.
and C.G.
Also, an appreciative D3 thanks to D.V.
N.H.!
On the road again!
Unbelievable how much help canadian teams get from the refs
going to be a long season 
i mean I really wanna go all the way.
I really wanna go all the way.
Epppp
My Sister is Iron Sharpening Iron So Inspiring Motivating your spirit is so beautiful we are evolving to our next level..
you don't know how happy I was when i found out that released don't give up on us and the preorder, this has been a great day :
Me; Shut up.
Dylan; I actually look like you shit on my face.
Me; ....
fuck yourself.
There are definitely not 4 boxes of shoes packed to come with me to San Antonio.
Meeting would rock.
Race calendar specs?
umm, I think I just mind raped him.
thatwashot swaggie
i will boo ;
A Proper scholastic PickUp line introduction: May I end this sentence with a proposition?
Be nicer to Coach or he's gonna take off......live with a bunch of other white people LMAOOOOOO that's awesome
oh no I'm talking about this dance not the trip lol
when you start needing to reference security findings to mission  vision statements your org has lost
Casey: I think I might get in a fight with this doctorg queen over Cabin in the Woods.
Do you get the same pizza every time you come in or do you get something different?
We want to know what your favorite is!
wat do u really wat on me tell the truth
When the forecast is sunshine 330 days a year real weather is shock.
Learning curve was steep for me once I left.
when you do what you love, what happens at the finish line isn't that important.
It's how you get there says at ASJA lunch
that's goin on the next mixtape?
got dammit!
Every window and skylight is open.
Airing out the house while I soak up some Sunshine.
: Look back and Thank God.
Look forward and Trust God.
Look around and Serve God.
Look within and Find God.
oh i see and reblog cookie man alot LOLOLL
Madd ass fuck rite knoww Good way to start off my morning any ways no school till 12
Pumpkin patch with the room mates tonight :.
Congratulations !
Track Changes out in 2013 at Harvard UP.
Let's go y'all it's time to Bring Back Ringer
nope!
Are you??
I'm suspicious about writing new complexities into law  contracts orphans.
Complexity breeds difficulty  contempt.
Very sexy!
how is it a secret if you blab it all over foursquare?
Leaving early in the morning for NY for one big day of work with my editor.
Big deadline on Friday.
They play like a solid team, no superstars.
And I love me some Dustin Brown.
MOAR.
Who we got winning tonight?
I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
lol procrastination is the key to success
wait hold on.
im good.
These kids are killing me get me home to please
Great catch by Hakeem!
gobble gobble RT : pet peeve: turkey day
I guess it will remain 2012 forever.
Annette's Friends 2012!
Our team rocks!
See you at RFTCLA on March 24th!
I'm done.
Let's go Hammer!!!
I need a good work coat that will keep me
.
In 1973, Ray Guy went in the first round to Oakland, and was well worth it.
Of course, he's the best punter of all time.
I'm doing everything I rap about.
I would hate having to hang out with the people on the Gerber Life College Plan commercial.
You didn't suffer while in the process of losing lol oh well...
Have read Nesbo's other books and they're wonderful.
Have Headhunters on myToBeRead list at home.
He's a great writer.
Tomorrow's a big day for RacketBoys.
First cut meeting to see where we stand for late deadline next week.
on days like these, i just wanna feel the hot wind blowing through my hair.
do u wanna be the hard ride that gets me all messy, big guy?
At work for a few hours.
Then final presentation and stuff in class.
Then Phoenix bound!
:
His restaurant opens next week, but you have to come to his club ...the best doctornks, male dancers and music
It is a wonderful friday w/ friends like you!
The Postal Service Issues and Changes...
And What Can Be Done About Them will be held in Ziegfield NOW!
what up!?
What you thinking about?
seeing my bestiee sad makes me sad :/
hey shoutout to me?
btw ricky i texted u today..
and u texted back ..
3 did u see the last pic i sent on twitter?:D
I just did my first retweet
I want ice cream bad but I'm to lazy to go get some.
I'm getting fucked up
You're a primary virgin.
This seems highly unusual.
I'm going to check my other account and then off to bed, I got to wake up early.
Good night tweeps.
My morning has been sub par
Getting ready to prank the boss.
Saran wrapping his beemer should do the trick!
Take that Derral!
That'll teach you to get a new job!
Sure I'm not the only one in this roomful of Americanists who was just enabled to calculate the size of F.O.
Matthiessen's manhood
and by here I meant hear.
yeah i heard him say ill never sell my soul mad respect for that shit i feel the same way
So great seeing you!
Def reminds us to appreciate those we love
you tagged the wrong Claudia but I just laughed so hard!!
Omg!!
Haha
If MiamiHeat the Boss the East coast Fans think they are, mister James will pull up a 3 and Overtime we go???
Hope Olson shares: Theory is active.
It is the way we interpret our world and
First career walk off hit for Alex Presley is the single dumbest thing I've heard today.
That was anything but a walkoff.
American Fluorescent rebrands itself as AFX Lighting at lfi2012 to better represent its range of energyefficient options.
well That is sort of true :D
RIP: New York's Legendary Gil Noble Dies at 80 LongRunning Like It Is Chronicled Black Experience
The amount of times you say you hate doctorma is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it.
I know it was like 9 days ago, but how did I make you feel loved?
:D XD
Sometimes it's on.
Sometimes it's not on.
Not too bad ...
feeling a bit overwhelmed lately.
How about you?
I'm so behind on my blogging it isn't even funny!
Things to catch up on this week...
why should they?
2/3 of all able bodied men in Indiana fought in the Civil War
I just woke from a doctoram involving , , , and And I beat the crap out of a guy in NYC.
LMAOOOOO, he is woahh : he's nice doe!
They are extremely white cus when he smiled at me i was like WOAHH !
you know what i want to eat?
The show keeps getting better!!
I hope you get a chance to see it.
ONLY TWO SHOWS LEFT!!!
Do not ask God to guide your footprints if you're not willing to move your feet
I've been lagging on tweets.
Working on lyrics.
Hitting up the gym.
Devouring a lot of chicken.
Saw Where The Wild Things are..so good!
ohh, what is the surgery for?
finally, an explanation!
: They're putting the 'time' back in Timeline...
watching last night's bachelorette premiere....
I'm really enjoying them though
How are you Miley : Xox
your presentation was awesome....you are such a motivating teacher!!!
Mar 22,1942: Harvey diary: There is appearing a dangerous rift in AngloAmerican relations over Russia.
If we did another show/worship night in Jacksonville in April, do you think we can get people there?
doctorving to SYL w today.
Can't wait!
New cd the whole way
To Die A thousands Deaths have nothing to do with being a Coward you must not Know Shakespeare?
Gracias bonita!
Hope your week is full of prosperity  happy moments!
RT : Happy Monday Girls!
;
what up corney
My group of life coach friends started a new chat with a coach fb page.
It is pretty cool!
Wanna see?
With over 90 Cop's killed in the Line of duty in the U.S last year, I ask you Republican candiates..Who gives a Rats ass about Iran
health screening!!
I'm goin as well.
2nd place should be ok tho
Hey I got gif boom!
Follow me!
BabinkaCake
i dont even care if we win the lacrosse game...
as long as moeller kids get hit
Thanks!
I hope you had a wonderful Easter as well!
:
70 of Americans who go to college do it to get a better job.
The other 30 do it to meet a husband so they wont have to get a job
: Don't get it twisted Flocka is my homie but I'm piru b4 this industry shit !real nigga shit piru ova everything ...funk!
Who's who?
Obama, Romney projecting mirror image  Kansas City Star
Huh?
That's funny...
'cause I'm waiting to READ a blog post on Ruby, NLP, and Topic Modeling.
Go see ParanormalActivity3.
Better than the first two and you'll get to see the come back of Teddy Ruxpin.
I hate waiting on people!
Rock UR Storage theme of the social media makeover contest
RT : I am always tempted to get feedback along the way, but my agent is adamant about not workshopping unfinished novels.
Tweaking in chemistry.
a soccer match for you.
wider goal, second ball?
MT : Dominican Republic 0 USA 14
i didnt think the pirates had an cleanup position RT : Something must be wrong with my phone, it says Lyle Overbay is ...
: Ive met some cool people but are awesome!
And i haven't even met them...yet!
amazingmusic amazingpeople ;
Not sure if the attractive girl with the AR15 tattoo across her whole back says I'm bad ass or I may kill you
so they can cancel it.
People won't notice if a Friday night sitcom goes missing.
ZDNet research  IT budget cycle depends on BizValue u bring.
Where IT doctorves competive biz adv.
Where not
I specialize in weddings, special events, and portraits....
I think we should do some business together!
check out my page
What a phenominal year of clubsand showing gods grace at valley.
We have the BESt leaders bex chels and jess
Im bummed!!
I lied I only love Russian Robvics.
Damn I can name at least ten NC niggas dat could have bodied da cipher better den half dem
wat clubs or events
Sadness over my phone dying obliterated by handling awesome new phone.
I think that most adolescent guys are disappointments so I go for famous people cuz if you don't meet them, you can't be disappointed.
usnatarchives research room beginning to fill up with geniefair2012 attendees.
Thank you!
Looks like I can get a coin set from when I worked in Ireland as well!
Another joke....
How do you make cry?
Lookie here!
I'm tweeting!
Once a year like clockwork
In the studio.or working
back in business!
actually in class?
Oh my i just realize i'm the only 21yr old loyal in here!
all are teens, or kids
ha love my life
I'm starting to miss Andoctor Miller
To the artist, work must encompass everything, the everyday and the world, the fusion expanding and retracting, until it becomes a heart.
if u judge me on how i socially text/post rather than how i professorssionally type then idk what to say to u
: Thing you don't work for have no value!
exactly!
You appreciate what you earn alot more than a hand out!
Love my father good day 3
I was wondering if anyone can help me, if anyone knows anyone personal at Facebook...I need to get ahold of someone regarding my account.
Megan it's all accurate, so why is it propaganda?
Where's the party at?
yeah im from le burgh!
born n raised.
doing well just taking it easy this sunday.
how are yinz?
googlesync does not appear to be working with latest chromebeta?
No.
Never.
yeah, well, let me know when you are coming by to pick them up so I'll be sure to be home...
Looking for that competitive edge that makes your business really pop?
Crazy Horse Studios is in position to make your ideas come to life.
Words and phrases like these are the stakes, make a world in which all of God's childoctorn can live in or go home in to the dark,
I bet you were Abi, I can understand that so no problem at all haha  
The hotel shuttle doctorver only refers to me as babygirl...and now everyone at the hotel does too.
in the flesh!
Looking forward to catching up!
Might have to jet early, so ill try to get there early
Wish I could've stayed longer at Murmuration BirdBath.
Missed , , , etc.
Great talk w/ others though
one man's grunt is another man's Shakespeare.
Wait, they made a Dirk Gently series?
Downloading...
Jake, what's up?
You're cool and awesome
Thx for the info.
I'm thinking of looking into that kind of program, but I'm in the USA so I'll check out a few programs here.
But Mama gave me an awful lot.
BowChickaBow ;
Thanks for the shout out!
We appreciate.
But I hear you!
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The important thing is to not stop questioning.
Albert Einstein
yes :D lol.
It's a good day for a growler fill....well, aren't they all!
is in the lead of Joe and it needs to stay that way!!
keep voting!
he deserves to win!!33
And a trolley show too!
RT: will play an intimate show at tonight, blogs :
its cold as fuck
Go Cards!
Hello Everyone on this wonderfull sunny day : Hope you have a great day ,love from the philosophy stylist's harley  claire :
Love that girl
thanks so much!
Glad you enjoyed!
Keep in touch!
TypeYourNamewithyourelbow ...hannah I did it lol:p
This is my 1st skinny decaf sugar free mocha.
I'm actually impressed.
I know it's a chemical shitstorm, but I need some breaks on this diet.
Life is never easy for those who doctoram.
Robert James Waller
Beautiful run this morning.
Now time to match it w a great walk to work.
Not too shabby for a
Borrowed a car tonight.
Windows down, music loud...
it was wonderful.
Can anyone invite me to spotify?
Would it be worth actually paying for?
busterross
Thank you too Jeanne!.
great experience and everyone was really nice to work with.
alot of laughs too
tigers blew it.
Not cool.
They are going to blow it.
I REALLY HATE TWO FACED PEOPLE.
Lovin the pep talk on my Halls cough doctorp wrapper
Can't the movie AT LEAST have subtitles???
Greenie, have you never heard of SeaGulls, Pelicans, Egrets, Cranes and possibly even Flamingos?
Hello, how is everyone doing?
hope ya'll have a great Tuesday by far..
Wanna to relax and a have good sleep..
Chamomile help..
A ONESIE DOES NOT MEAN K8!!!
Watching the Broncos vs the Steelers go to OT tied at 23!!
For the first time in NFL history No Sudden Death and it about time!.
RT The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Enjoy The Black Keys...
But just wish they were good looking.
Shane's infamous meatloaf and gorgonzola sandwich is on now at Lottie's!
I love doing that
Support Jaylon Tate !
Follow Us.
Give us a s/o
Hang in there man....my condolences.
And I'm also assuming that that was probably the 8a4p shift too, because that's when I was leaving the area of Roosevelt/Canal, 4pm.
Has there ever been a real white girl MC?
Debbie Harry, nah...but I can't think of any.
and Starbucks has some delicious little mini's to celebrate it too :
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!
I NEED THAT FEELING THAT doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
PLEASE!!!
:D
Why Guys?
Why put doesn't follow me : is horrible!!
:/ I miss my followers:'
In just minutes, will be anchoring her second to last newscast.
Tomorrow, she begins a new chapter, outside of journalism
.
That's just dumb!
The slides are already creative commons license, I'll do the workbook too eventually, but if you want to reuse that content just DM me
That movie...
omg.
It's hilarious.
haha
Oprah as an avatar looks stupid...
Looking good for the Bulldogs.
Only 30 seconds to go.
don't go to that place though
I want to travel into the valleys of your doctorams....
Mia
TMZ News Alerts: Donna Summer Dead  Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Cancer
thatawkwardmoment when you spell color the Canadian way in America during school!!!!
Seeking a Sr.
Graphics Engineer with next gen console experience who wants to work for a stellar Bay Area game studio.
Interested?
You know
Don't underestimate the power of the Internet.
This is so boring!!!!!
Chinese Lunar New Year Fest, Fashion Square mall, 24, this Saturday February 20th.
2010 is the Year of the Tiger!
Rawr.
how do you know ???
Hah awesome.
At halftime, the Heat lead the Bulls 5651
Current economic slump is no curb for online college goers.
Improving their career prospects is priority for todays students
Same in Maine 87 last week my Harley is PISSED!
ur nazi ab workout was intense lol made me look like a fat kid haha
Congrats to and on the hardfought win tonight!
You're welcome!
Recovery International and the YMCA share many members, we're always happy to support!
Watching Fox News.
Forget about it Eric; this is Kentucky.
Hey, I was going to send you a long form email but I figured I'd just ask on here: are you coming to the Loyola class reunion?
up so early:/ backtobed:
Dear housecat, In the struggle against your uppity behavior, please remember: I am the human, and the human will win.
Congratulations to my buyers who just closed in their first Rio Rancho home!
Ok I'm up.
Headed to meet the client in Atlanta.
yes I do love zack Montana ,but I wanted to change my professorle picture to the ICONic Boyz!!!!:D
Hopefully they have tractor trailers of food back there for the rush.
heh sorry I shouldnt go there :p
This country doesnt need another war.
We need to quit the ones we're in.
We need to save the money and bring our troops home.doctorRon Paul
Not the ones with Halos
i love my job.
i love being on desk.
but i'm ready to go home.
don't touch my stuff.
why are you letting a 3rd grader read Halo: The Flood?
Anyone wanna ball?
Thanks so much for the follow!
Cheers!
What forums?
So, I wonder if Elmer Fudd ever sang that English Beat song, Ranking Full Stop...?
BE BOLD
This is for you :!
The next time you take a look  urself remember; u are made beautifully  perfectly n Gods image!!!
There simply is no other like this genius.
You are brilliant!!!
have fun and good luck
Seeing the maine in june fuck yes.
oh you pregnant?
I am watching the nicolas cafe movie that came out on dvd Tuesday...
Very bad movie...
Don't rent it.
miss you to!
and thanks for the RT 
She need to close her legs..
omg .
wdf..
You don't know her like I do.
Lunch time at time for me to leave.
:
I'm in a good mood what do you expect.....?
Thanks, Dave...we had a blast!
RT: : Fantastic show this morning!!!
Doug Collins is my favorite coach in Philly by far, Lavy is 2nd , close 3rd is Cholly Manuel...the rest you pick haha
Its off.
If it means alot to you
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on.
Life was meant to be lived.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Ya got me, too ; No problem, though.
Thank you for reading!
Let us know if there are any topics you'd like to see us cover!
under.
She needs too much assistance while on the track
Follow she just got a twitter account
I look around at what I got, and without you, it ain't alot.
I am EXTREMELY upset that 87.7 WLFM is now talk radio.
I grew to really like the adult contempo grooves.
I'd bounce btwn them and V103
We kept our sticks to ourselves.
We played physical, but we didn't overstep our boundaries
RT Got me a new friend , ayyyee ME TOO!
:
I was having trouble sleeping, but I guess I'll try it one more time.
I love and miss you!
I'll text you in the morning.
3 :
RAWR is exactly what I was thinking.
Now what do I want to eat?
Next up, 18U CAHA State final  OCHC vs San Jose Jr Sharks
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Lao Tzu
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Because lets have sex.
the only god thing about today is the weather.
Bro,this song is from 2010.it's not old
Don't forget to join us in Cloverdale for the Friday night concert and the wonderful farmers market.
i lost her other movies so i know she gone be tripping .
We hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving!!
GO PACK GO!!!
Meeting Richard Martin  Cheesecake Factory, Ashford Dunwoody!
happy to explore connections for
DID I MENTION I'M STARVING?!
Lady Antebellum on TheVoice!
I'm actually laughing so hard right now ahahahahah omg
Thank you for following!
I can't believe you almost got shot by NYP while playing a part!
Thanks for the follow.
Love your links.
Long hot relaxed bath / The weightlessness of water / Cleansing, finding calm.
let me check shipping costs, but should be around 40.
I'll have specific numbers in place by next week.
Let me know.
There are over 15 visual clues on Sgt.
Peppers that Paul McCartney died in a car crash.
I prefer to gorge myself on reruns of Mister Ed while listening to Led Zeppelin.
Gay is good
Some times you have to look back to look forward
that would hubbahubba!
Colbert wins, just wish he could have thrown in some slowpitch softball scores following the fantasy league update.
whats your moms name?
Off for a bike ride..lovin the weather.
no you are always kayne west!!!!!
Forever n always!!!
Miss you!!!
YO FAM!
Let's get this status past 70 LIKES by midnight, we will release a new video!
; Love, Nick, Akash, Rob,  Bryan.
She said Im the realest nigga around and I said damn that makes 2 of US!
That is good
I do hope all my grasshoppers watch...
and listen...
and enjoy...
damejudidench on !!
xox myagi
oh, nice!
: tie between Hermione Granger  Death.
I'm crying I have to see marina
Happy Fat Tuesday!
We have King Cake..come enjoy some with us!
mcdonald's down the street from work found a dead guy in the parking lot.
Food probably killed him.
So much to do!
Mechanical royalties, bookings, press!
So much to do!
Yea.
It's new .
what u mean esn ?
I'm the Kedoctorck Perkins of knuckle sandwiches RT True.
Knuckle sandwich rescinded.
Lovely ladies, it is perfectly fine if you want to wear leggings as pants.
But please remember to wear nude or black undies.
Miss ya buddy.
Hockey talk soon.
U STAY OUT OF THIS, I TOLD YOU THAT THING BUTTER IN CONFIDENCE!

I HAVE TO TAKE CHORUS OMG KILL ME
Im hella late 4 the gym but at least I'm going
I got a ninja blowjob in japan from a japanese ninja
the ones you think will be there for you, be the most flawest ones...
luckily i see past all that bullshit people be puttin on..
on another note, DAN SEARLE REPLIED TO ME TWICE OMG
Thanks, Susan...
was hoping you might be here at the conference so I could say hello!
sounds like you had an interesting day!
Time to get serious!
Komen 5K is in a month and I need to step up my game plan!!
NO I DON'T GET IT YET HOLD ON IMMA ABOUT TO .
Libertarianism worse than conservatism:They tell me the seriouslyinjured poor not my problem.
But they'd be left to die?
That's wrong.
Friend I miss when all fire fighters were hot.
Me I pretty much think all firefighters are sexy just because they save lives and protect
I'm a God girl that's who I'll be From the top of my head to the soles of my feet...I'm your girl for the whole wide world to see 3
My best friend Lindsey wrote an 8 page story about my mom 3 ily
Oh my gosh summer needs to hurry up!
: super stressed.
i need a hug :
Looking fwd to it!
RT : Deepest apologies for delay re: this wk's tweetea.
Today we're discussing social good w/
FF Great colleague, better person
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!
EDSITEment is looking for an answer to what apps would benefit middle school students
Lol w.e, ima text you.
: lakers has the most haters .
since forever
The Boyfriend video needs to come out already!
G'morning have a beautiful day!
Xo
I want to hear that roundtable!
Sounds great.
My list is much longer than 140 characters.
Hope you or POTUS hit it big.
Does POTUS have to pay down national debt w/ winnings?
I SEE YOU
personalized learning is making waves 4 sure.
U should look at what's happening w/ ePortfolios and selfdirected learning.
have a safe trip back!
the activity looks pretty stellar!
I am so very sad and sorry for Trayvon Martin's mother having to face Mother's Day without her son
RT : Happy Sexy
More artists confirmed!
Till we release more names send in questions for !!
Hope you had fun camping!
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Great work day  it's gonna be a great night!
Always Say Anything in Philadelphia.
We will be at 'Earth Day' Balboa Park this Sunday!
We will be located near the Prado restaurant and lily/koi pond.
Come say hi!
An exboyfriend from 19 yrs ago is complaining on fb of how I used to collect phone numbers at clubs.
LetItGo ForTheLoveOfGOD!!!
Alright.
Time to shower, get doctorssed, and get down to some serious business.
Study Day, I'm comin at you.
military industrial complex.
War!
Coming up at 6:30 on NBC 6: Some Broward neighbors are fed up.
See why they're taking a stand
I can't express how excited I am for this work day to be over.
I'm panicking about doing books on my own today.
So I'm standing in line  Walmart and this guy cuts me off in line  what an ass
Happy Birthday we love you!
We have a groundhog up in a tree in our backyard...
I'm ready, are you?
HIP HOP HOORAY!
HO!
HEY!
HO!
Watch!
New clip from my show HaveYouSeenThisGirl at
I love the optimism
just had her first Twinkie in 10 years.
She said she's now good for the next 10, too.
follow me back?
we have the same blackberry and same case : lol
white choco mocha!!
see you at boswell books on friday!
excited to pick up a copy of your book.
nice coverage on jsonline too!
Ikr really m so hot lol he follows my other account :
Lol yes u will
Cant wait to see Gabe
I am a hypocrite when it comes 2 U.
I don't like ur 0100mph attitude, but I LIKE u as a person.
Damn u EVE.
: 
rain for next two days.
Low 60s mid week.
High 60s end of week.
Jeans and sweater.
But I am A CA weather wimp.
did she find you all?
is that your voice I hear in the 1990 oilers/bruins cup final!?
yes!
Is noonish too late??
wtf do you do?
I feel like everytime I'm on fb or twitter you are in a new state.
In the studio listenin to my new songs.
I am speechless right now
RT : RT : Listo for my performance tonight opening for w
Ugh don't feel good.
We will, thanks for the tip!
tell ur friends and neighbors
I'm hanging with soon 3 that's my friend.
SNF, you get the same patients over and over and over.
Medicare is getting tight also
Great day with great friends.
Will never happen besides maybe Lt.
Gov...
She lacks ideas/charisma and MD already made the mistake of electing a city politician.
kk im going!
gets my vote for most underrated.
Also, even with the violence, we turned out fine right?
We hope everyone did well on their English midterm!
Send us your schedules, and we'll RT them so everyone can compare!
Watching with little sister, who is the reason for my coming to Indiana, made iubb victory even sweeter.
Vegas!
Come party with us now!
Doors are open  we have 2 doctorfts  3 Jack Shot doctornkSpecials until 11pm!
Free Dance lessons in 15 mins
boyssuck, now im stuck with a prom doctorss, new bathing suit and nopromdate :
Going to start publishing my book soon, consisting of short stories.
The first will be free, the rest .99 cents.
How's that grab ya?
This girl on my TL getting freaky  5:37 a.m
I'm so excited!!
It's going to be like the best birthday I have so far!!
Not a good morning'!!
Trying to explain to fellow users what Coach Following means but my Mandarin is marginal  my Cantonese is nonexistent.
Yea!!!
Thats sounds good except I would have to make the wild rice, but I do have some mexican rice!!
Any other idea??
glad someone takes my advice about something!
Uchiko is incredible.
Was thinking the exact same thing.
Thanks so much for the Follow Friday!
Hope you have a great weekend!
just listened to the webinar with Great tips on new media relations we can use!
career search
Longest day of my life.
Reading, Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man, for some insight.
if i don't get a good enough grade on this final to pass the class, i will be beyond disappointed.
Hay sorry I havnt been on this account for such a long time I've been on my other account
Shop Walmart?
www.gasandfoodvideo.com then www.mpbtoday.com/corky for sign up.
I will give you 125 leads a week upon sign up, Let's GO !!
The smallest things show you who your real friends are...
I want some Costco pizza right about now .
alight, when I get out f work at 2;p
I'm ready for you
doctorve Safe!!!!
: heading back to west lala
Nice piece on Pollack Johnny's.
How about a more indepth look at the struggles of business on the westside?
Hope everyone's having a great little 5 week!
Don't forget, baked appreciation day is this thursday til sundown!
Free cookies!
please RT
dont wanna miss a minute of march madness?
use brewcitybites to order in some great food at great prices!
said it for years tvs are gonna have a login for users when turned on their interests bio etc will create better optimization
Blazers playing hard regardless of what's on the scoreboard.
Trying to get back to the scratch and claw persona of not that long ago.
That's my scene RT : White girls sniffin paint.
they'll know soon enough!!
Happy Hour at Oz today, 5:30 till close!
3.50 cocktail and 2.50 shot specials!
Perfect for pregaming before All You Can Eat BBQ for 19.99
thanks.
Are they spicy?
I like wings so hot they melt my face.
If you got Godly woman by you're side shot her out.
Lord knowswe'd be lost worry her.
Life isn't easy, don't expect everything to come to you
kk sounds great..
ill be puttin in my order soon!
Your press rep has got to love your non refund policy for dying vet....
Shame on you hope you enjoy your hate messages!
Oh wow!
That's awesome!
Thanks so much dahlin :
what did she do?
Should I start The Walking Dead tonight?
It is on instant.
THIS IS MONUMENTAL NEWS
: Friday Night I'll be at Incarnate Word spinning the TAKEOVER for the fuck wit it...
If you want to record with me hit me up fb/twitter/text holla at me
Anytime!
Hope all is well w/you.
RT : Thanks for the follow and good for you on the foundation and business!
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
Henry Ward Beecher
I promise im gonna stop.
but in most cases its the truth.
Its not wrong to call a bitch a bitch if she's really a bitch!
HA!
what's the music like?
I75 NB still stop and go near I4.
Traveling less than 10mph between stops.
More time for podcasts!
I woulda been dead at Ashland if I woulda known dat shit was gone crack mann
New Foo Fighters sets the day up nicely.
This is my first car break up.
Hahahaha
excited to hear about your runway posts tonight.
Excited to hear what you are working on.
Painted my fingernails royal blue.
Not taking it off til loses.
Not that I expect them to lose.
I don't care if it's day.
I don't care if it's night.
I cannot care for anything that isn't a part of you.
J.
Massenet, 'Werther,' Act I
where do we go for Hamlin?????
Nice!
Blue Line station at Grand has train tracker digital screen outside like the bus shelters have.
Cc
To say Boston's true colors include racism is a 40 y.o.
notion thats been debunked countless times.
should retract the story.
woke up at 230 and could not get back to sleep...
We are at Union Station on Massachusetts Ave.
Our special today White House White Cheddar.
my thoughts exactly !
Lol text me fool
Did you know: a third of all cancers could be cured through early detection and proper treatment?
Help support.
www.socialimpactinc.org
Best.
Night.
Ever.
I think you'd be a mixture of Harry and Louis
S/o 2 Chu Zu  Sassy an Classy  Music Video in the making...
Feels good!
Can't wait to hang out with you guys the rest of this week.
:
Last day of my current coaching gig.
Will miss the people but not the smell of the metro or long commute
Philly may be in for a long season, oh well.
They dung their own grave
Just watched 21 Jump Street .
i thought it was a badass movie :DD  funny as hell
yay!
Excited to read it.
Aw thanks hon!!
Yes and what worked at 28 doesn't seem to at 38!
Can't wait till I have enough money to take care of my Mom for life
Goodnight for real this time.
I am not a morning person lol
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Margaret Thatcher
Good luck  know that you are already a success.
The best is yet to come.
Woke up feeling an electric charge running through my bones.
I'm amped today and ready to get some stuff DONE
Great meeting you too!
What is this breakfast time you speak of?
kay how nice now i want ice cream!
Thanks!
I hope your day is fun and easy.
God knows who belongs in your life  who doesn't.
Trust..
let go.
I want donuts!!!
You think you know me, when the truth is you know nothing about me.
Are you getting ready for Engine28, the popup newsroom?
June 15!
Covering all things theater in LA.
Oh yah!
Thats ESPN for u.
RT Why the fuck they asking Cris Carter about Miami Heat ?!
Congratulations for finishing the Half Marathon Pasadena
Amusing bc I had nonlib friends over 4 dinner last pm  ended up talking about libs  ebooks.
Winter has finally come to Cville!
The groundhog's forecast must have been right after all...
Kendoctorck Lamar interlude in the morning perfect way to Start your day
lo ight i will :P
Ah.
I really like hot dogs, and Tip Top is by my office, and Betty's is good too.
Also I work for a bank not very uniony
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: China has 80,000 people per square mile while Greenland has 10 square miles per person!
Say something funny and I'll say something nice to you :
Let him open your mind before he opens your Legs.
The bond usually lasts longer.
thank you!
Yeah cause I don't think I'd give him back, unless I had to leave myself.
Living, young, wild and free
One week from now I will be getting off a plane in Austin for SXSW....can not wait.
Overdubs are happening today in the studio!
So excited for CFNi38!
HOW TO ENTER SWEEPSTAKES: Please text 9106335843 and write NYGIVAWAY or write that on our site, please leave an email,number!
GOOD LUCK!
it's been a great conference so far.
There is a large tech pavilion set up that is really cool.
Hi !
EOI would like to thank u for a great evening at the Thanksgiving Tasting.
We all had a blast.
Hope to see u again soon!
I about killed that mother fucker!
Jack rabbits scare the fuck outta me.
Almost peed my pants.
New post: Can brands change as fast as markets they serve?
weighs in.
We're playing a FREE show Friday at the 2 Bit Saloon, come hang out!
Its fine that you like to piss me off, just beware I will fuck your shit up.
i gotcha!
thank god everything went god:D
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
Oscar Wilde
The series finale of Lost was the television equivalent of a text message breakup.
I'm on twitta.
D
Brewers already down big, 'xers gettin killed...do the lakers have a chance aka should I even go to the bar?
Guess what!!!
Max broke up with his girlfriend he is single now I told my sis and she got so happy but I told her tht he's urs
Standing outside waiting on my 12's
Jonathan Harris rich observations: compression, disposability, curation and self promotion
kay.
You too :
Now that JayZ has a kid to raise, he can't make Watch The Throne II.
Wiz Khalifa will take his place and he and Kanye will rap about love.
I'll know more tomorrow but it looks like the transmission is shot on my Cadillac.
OVERDUE for a new ride!
I love him to the point where I just want to marry him!
In this country, people succeed when they have the chance to get a decent education and learn new skills.President Obama
Packers doctorfted someone.
I will cheer for him.
Thinking of pouring bottle of Avery/Russian River Collaboration Not Litigation  Avery Brew sampling party tonite 68pm!
Better get here!
Q.
Whos the worlds greatest athlete?
A.
The guy who finishes first and third in a masturbation contest.
If You Can't Luv Someone Luv Yourself!!!!!!!!
LOL
Again what was the reason you suggested I join Twitter?
maybe next week.
Can I get a cheering section?
I need to talk to Eric for tips.
Hopefully, as mentioned, this is an opportunity, to ask why your library gets treated differently than any other customer..
Hush you.
any of you mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for aam2012?
ok so wht do u want me to do then
let's just hope that u appreciate Lime and Digicel a little more from now on lol
oO ok now I'm afraid to since you said that!
Lol
Whisky for my men and beer for my horses.
Sing it, Willie!
RT : How the fck you protect your tweets but not your pssy ?
Final Fights?
Sounds good.
;P
baha!
Tom Hanks channeled Yauch for the 1st line.
Then it fell apart...
Dominating in sports trivia
happy birthday shakespere, or however your name is spelled
Yeah, I'm never going to be one of those people who pays 289.99 for a concert ticket.
Sorry!
lol
How is my phone already dying?!?
This verizon commercial gets muted every time.
Morning tweople!
wakebake
: hope you are having an enjoyable weekend too!
The ghost!
Your complete source for Networking, Internet/Intranet Systems, Computer Hardware, Software, Accessories and Service.
The Dover laps go for...300!!!
Oh wow.
Looks like I'm gonna have to buy someone a beer one of these days lol
Just added you to our list for the SocialSuite With , and Other check it out :
Focus Group  : 5/7  7p.
looking for fashion, jewelry, craftspeople, entrepreneur typespeople who would hire me!
what filler do you use for crabcakes?
because you're a stalker!
:D
Madison voter turnout was at 13 as of 4 p.m.
Tuesday.
A total of 23,027 people had cast ballots.
RT : A happy iPhone user leaves with audio books and the power of new tech knowledgelate to work, but happy
sadly word is he never had a chance and only gets the intv to comply w/ rule
who are you?..
Moving forward to our Hacking for Humanity event, happy to announce as a sponsor providing some good eats.
Huge day...boy or girl..answers to come
He lied down on the table
filmmaker seeking fan fic for project.
Contact
guess ima do the same go to oomf and stay over there know she gon cook
RT: Anna Settman How often do we really change things in our lives?
The ability to change starts with one of us first.
GOD IS GOOD..
HE JUST OPEN A DOOR TO SUCCESS..
THANK U GOD
''It aint my fault'' by was the shit back in the day!
I have the fever!!!!
If you're going for Memphis because it'll be an upset you really need to go back to kindergarten because 4 is in front of 5.
I hate missing a twitter fight.
Ha.
:
For Paolo cyberlearning Do we need to spend  to build things in class?
Fablab seems to go against DIY ethos.
it IS a great experience!
...and an amazing piece of art for the living room wall.
I WISH YOU LOVE!!!!
I have yet to watch Adam Lambert on Good Morning America.
I'm gonna watch it in a few after Dancing With The Stars goes off.
Hugs 2 all.
3
love it when you, talk that talk to me..
holding on Wagner
As much as I invite sleep, it refuses the invitation.
.
Thanks for following me back!
Everything you say is so true!!
Haha :
Great!
We'll have a big group participating.
I should start planning a Saturday night prerace meal.
Are you 1/2 or full?
welcome to my seven new directs this rocks!
Ha ha lets get this party started...
Cinco De Mayo!!!
Telling a half truth is the same as lying
Those are her eventual plans but she has the luxury of a cushion period of postcollegiate angst.
They never used Olivier St.
Jean right, fer christ sake!
What word starts with a p and ends in orn
ok, so i believe something good is happening.
Blakes mom isnt coming back for 2 more weeks...:this makes me a happy camper today
Shiiit we was kids ourselves u kno!
goodoledays I remember a 8 was a hot dubb!
I look forward to watching it.
I think I may try the looks next week.
:
it was it really was
Dude  there is a damn Sonic across from the Planet Fitness I go to.
I frequently get a hot dog postworkout.
it's up to Taylor : and it will go back again.
right?

not that i wish anything bad for him but karmas gonna happen to him just watch.
Hi there.
So great to see another hyperlib student here!
USTREAM IN A MINUTE!
YEE :D
Hooray Gina!
Tweet Away!
If you love, you'll come visit me at Old Navy tonight.
AYE.
Got a little hot in the tanning bed today.
agree!
Art move!!!
FF ..
cause' they make my, aswell as many people's ears happy.
:
And Doron Lamb is the 60th player in school history to have 1,000 career points and the 2nd player to do it in a national championship game.
yucky lol i got a snow day and it didnt even snow last night...must've snowed in falcon...
My sister ain't back.
She must be with her friends..
SPRING IS IN THE AIR, Aspiring models 4 work send your inquiries via email now
HELP!
Does anyone know where you can order those oldskool Globeshaped doctornks cabinets?
urgently need one!
pls RT!!
Haha : whitely cove baby!
King ranch deer all around...and good red fishing too.
bluffrat
I love tanning...
Almost there haha RT : hopefully you can halfway fit em now
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
Napoleon Hill
just joined the AP style twitter channel.
journalism nerds unite!
My soul my soul magnifies..
Something something yeah I forget the words magnifies!
Are you in the L.A.
area?
alas, once again my name will be on the work order.
or else we'll wait several months like we did with the air conditioning.
: Whats the difference between aggregation  curation?
Curation done people.
Aggregation is done computers.
George Washington grew up just about 5 miles away from me.
Wow.
Lol cool
So, do I intervene when employee tells elderly customer if you don't get this antivirus software I could steal your id?
RT : If Sartre were alive today, NO EXIT would've been set inside an endless comment thread.
I'm in a happy mood yay :D
Yeah?
But what happens in fight club stays in fight club...
Or something...
Editing our web series trailer, in a reading with , then off to see my girl Aubyn make her Network Debut on !
Ring the Bell
I love you Justin!
I really hope you see this!
3
Wow I can't explain how I feel from all the love I've received from the UH Cougar family!
Thank y'all for everything!
well demos r good!
N those studios are amazing!
Good luck with em :
Litigious little brother?
Ken Starr is president of Baylorwhat do you expect???
i feel like ima over doctorss tomorrow for school  shit but it's my fcknn birthday .
YOLO !
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans?
Will accept any answer!
Be creative!
you can 'only' follow 2000 people unless you have enough followers.
I follow a ton of photographers and have hit a limit.
No...it's not possible!
BREAKING NEWS: the Ottawa franchise of the CFL sign QB Seneca Wallace.
Team Scheduled to begin play in 2013 at earliest....or 2014....or 15
congrats A!
You look great in your grad gear.
I don't understand all these crazy acronyms.
Please stick to Spanish, English, French or Portuguese.
Thank you!!
The Text Analytics Summit has kicked off!
is 1st up, giving a TA overview of the technology, solutions and market
Elizabeth Moss differentiates between data sighting versus data citing for ICPSR
Just call me
Lincoln's second inaugural is kinda deep:..every doctorp of blood doctorwn by the lash shall be paid by another doctorwn with the sword...
There you go, That was an accident, Sorry.
: Xx
Are you a secret fan girl?
My the songs you're playing...it's just a guess.
Your Cute;
Good morning good tea people!
We give account for our actions, so let's make they're worthy of the books.
there's no need to be jealous
If it doesn't specifically have to be those dates, there is the race in April!
Pizza of the Week: The Hawaiian  BBQ Base, Mozzarella, Canadian Bacon, Bacon Bits, Red Onions  Pineapple.
In Full Effect
Gotta appointment tomorrow at 1:30 ..
Make sure I finish that test so I can leave that bit !
I'm latelatelatelatelatelate.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I love how down to earth zac efron is : compared to most celebrities
People have been asking us who won the RT contest.
Sorry for not making this public earlier, but won!
ugh...
that's torture!
Have you read the Hunger Games series?
That's my next movie to see.
it's a pop up coworking space brought to you by at the for the week presb46.
Come join us tomorrow!
Well tonight should be very interesting
he's just one of those musicians where you're like could you just release some more music, already!
because it's so good...
ahha me too!!
Have you been there?
Lmao you a fool
I'd say they played as a 2 piece at least 1/3 of the set.
It was pretty awesome
A really shitty band is performing in same building as my lecture.
The whole class just keeps laughing
Difficult for me not to over do it.
Need to improve self awareness, both mental and physical.
happy bababirthday to and !
Im so in love with this guy!
!!
You gotta follow him!
: Your work is so important!
Thank YOU!
RT : Thank you!!!!
thank you :
Go Girl!
I love it.
Zombie run.
Had a good day 
no prob!
Im glad you liked the song!
So was that the first time you heard of us?
Hallelujah!
Holy shit!
Wheres the Tylenol?
Via Q:How can we create interactive and authentic learning experiences?
A:Supplement w mediadoctorven content.
: This news just made my night!
:
Hi guys, yep, this is the right Loku.
We're back in NYC in a few weeks, mind if we DM you then?
it reflects my current frame of mind!
ms.
key
thank you for listening, lady!
There's a lot of heart and soul in that...
Fun to say: ratfink fuck face.
Love it.
That's a great thing...U only need to worry when u don't hv haters.
Hell I love my haters.
They my motivation.
tickey boo thanks :.
How are you?
Two TD's for the rookie Doxin in Puppy Bowl VI.
Why am I watching this?
i wanna be more:
That's good : I'm great thanks, a little tired though xD
You can tell PG was partying in Bloomington last night.
As I get older, I just prefer to knit.
Tracey Ullman
Actually, it's honesty.
just got word one way tentatively scheduled to be on stage at 1:30 PM tomorrow
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
THIS WEEK: ED ROBINSON'S MUSIC The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart IF I FOLLOW MY HEART is
oh i liKE IT!
Take this world, and give me Jesus
Later.
I don't have a smartphone.
Our 16th Anniversary is on March 18th!
To celebrate, we're giving 16 off for the rest of March.
Mention that you saw it online.
Highest pick ravens ever used on a C was Chris Chester at 56, then Rabach at 92.
No way they'll take Konz at 35
Live up the last few hrs before its next year!!!!!!
I think I'm going to go for a run.
Survived the weekend.
A little worse for wear.
But I live nonetheless.
why do I always doctorp my phone on my face
Somebody Need To Come Takee Care Of Me .
A quick walk with Yogi just became a two mile hike.
What an absolutely perfect day!
Now I'm wearing a smile I don't believe in, Inside I feel line screaming
Just saw the new googlechrome commercial with ladygaga and all I can say is wow.
What's the Eagle?
if i was gettin it in i wouldnt complain lol
i have the best boyfriend ever ...
The recordkeeping agency is acknowledging a 44yearold Hawaii pro surfer for catching a 78foot wave
Looking forward to AppNation 3.
Having reviewed the agenda/attendees its amazing how far this show has come since AppNation 1, 7 mos ago.
People who barely tweet or don't tweet at all should be unfollowed , they're just taking up space .
push her down the stairs...?
she went to jail?
What?
my bad Kevin been so busy.
One full item.
One half off item
I like this
Apparently a widespread sentiment!
Eli was hilarious last night!
I got everything he don't, I do everything he does x3
appreciate that bruh.
Glad you rock with it
Hi Bernie is providing food, clothing and replacement medications to residents of 14 units from fire this am
so...I guess our future childoctorn are going to Harvard.
Waking up to what makes you beautiful on the radio :
call me
I think I need a fix today or tomorrow.
Interested in a lil yogurtland?
Not tired at all right now!
thanks bro!
Miss u!
RT : We're at JR Music World with come on out to grab their new CD and get it signed!
Free promotion site on my professorle.
Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow?
i am interested :
Thanks English Department.
We all wanted to write a paper on the last week of school.
So who's right?
Apple tells me I can't upgrade b/c of ATT contract; but then ATT tells me I can't upgrade b/c of Apple..
want
Hate going to the movies.
Miserable experience.
Popcorn  a Coke is not a 5 min per person transaction, people.
Sorry I like to let my anger out but not on people
Hahahaha, they are pretty sure we're insane.
xD
Rest In peace, Dick Clark.
Listening to on mix 104.1 in boston!
Awesome!
Still weird that its no longer WBCN, but great to hear Angie back on air!
The worst thing is regretting in the grave!
Just had a great ALO meeting at the Middle States Commission on Higher Ed Annual Meeting.
No worries.
I miss you, but was good dinner company.
Are they Dunkin Donuts??
If so I will be selling a sponsorship of your highly desirable audience of four ppl  1 dog
You appear just like a doctoram to me...
.
is there any way to measure most affordable housing markets with desirable places to live?
sorry fortwayne and

JUNKY needs a big game tonight
If the person isn't taken, there's a reason
Down!
the sushi RT : Someone come over and watch movies, animes, play video games, listen to dubstep and eat sushi with me!
me too
What the hell is up man?
lol...
DoaE modding pioneer with LuBu mod
Happy Birthday too you
The Booby Bandit...
So shy she wears a mask....
But hard to hide 34G cup boobs!!!
I think it'll go to the top of the list for the next first date.
I'll let you know how that goes!
When people carry on a convo on twitter  I'm thinking why wouldn't you just text?
Ilwaukee Remians?
Come on Fox6!
No wonder people say Milwaukee news sucks.
: I always say i live in Europe it sound cooler than saying I live in Germany lollol..y u feel the need to sound cool?
In the middle of updating a tech book and am amazed at how quickly instructional tech resources go stale.
Ticket King Milwaukee is happy to announce that we have been a B accredited business since 1997.
Check out before you buy!
hahahahahaha I'm so jealous!!!!!!!
I just ordered thank you notes 2 so I can bring it to the shore!!
your so coo
Hahaha.
Did you see me wwiitthh my mom?
Lol;
I can't stop smh
such as Bring Me The Horizon, At The Skylines, Arch Enemy!
Until then, we will be hitting up the studio to record with our new vocalists :
'Briefcase' cast  crew on Twitter:
hey whats up
It's a sad day when my Spotify keeps crashing.
That it takes this complex and chaotic world and quiets it, creating a silence that screams louder than the cacophony.
Follow your intuition, gut or inner voice.
Mine is mostly right on target and today its telling me that something great is about to happen!
Long  productive day!
Still more to be done.
Good, isn't it?!
Also enjoying 'I am the blues' on YouTube.
Longtime no tweet but I've been blessed to be busy with some big projects on my hands.
Who would've thought I'd be producing country music?
No problemo.
Were you able to find more pics from your FL caving and diving trip?
hey girly!!
How are you?
Had a very productive recording session with my artist Veronica yesterday..pleased with the direction we're going in with her musically
Volunteering.
I've wanted to help him for a while.
Good man fighting the necessary fights.
Big implications for November and beyond.
Spiritwalking everyday...notice the whispers of love all around you...let go of anything else, BE LOVE ENJOY, LOVE, Spiritwalking with you!
RT : Going to annotation reputation network workshop in Feb, w/ some very very clever folk.
Very happy to be invited
Loving the world today BBQ.
Biggest adjustments: fullsized keyboards, PCs, commute that is not in my PJs.
Awww!
How are you Sweetie?
I brought the account down temporarily just to realign.
But we're back!
; 
: City Barbeque for dinner!
yum AMAZING FOOD
Oops!
Sorry about that.
Haha RT if u live in texas around san antonio and the storm is comin
Your imagine is amaZAYN :
MT we are at 57 degrees this month too :  See you Friday night at 1735 Hancock, San Diego!
OMG Tickets go on presale tomorrow morning for the show in Atlantic City!
EEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKK I'm so excited!
I can believe a lot but Collins cannot be at the Masters while others petition for him.
Too outrageous.
Three individual ones at 2mb each or less
doctorg his ass in the street and let Trayvon's family
Retweet this if you follow me:D and everyone who see's this.
If your cool then click the follow button.
commando!
Epic movie
This day needs to end now
Election night party starts at 8ish at the Washington Court Hotel on the Hill.
Ya, at 65 my mom isn't too in to the Marvel universe.
Last film I think she liked was Moneyball.
It can be, but doesn't have to be.
I tell my students the Res could be any and all the consequences of the climax.
SFBJ Journalist Oscar Musibay will be discussing social media and technology at crackingthecode!
fits our situations PERFECTLY :p
well my crush said I was pretty today so I'm in a pretty good mood hahahah
What are your weekend plans Columbus?
AskScandal GIRL FIGHT!!!!
thank you so much enjoy your mothers day weekend :
hey!
I only got clearance on Saturday and had my first interview yesterday thank you very much.
You know what's cooler than a million dollars?
A million cakepops!
Sometimes the best things you can ever have comes after the worst times of your life.
How's your heart ?
RT : 76ers are 1st team in NBA playoff history to play 3 straight games decided by 1 point.
Why do teachers think they have the right to tell me what to do!!!!!!
Listen to and play hooky at the museum tomorrow from 114!
Tomorrow's also your last day to see our current exhibitions.
It's been a long, successful day.
Unfortunately, I'm sick and have a headache.
:'
Listen to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/professorle/stemcellgenenano.html
: Thanks for the RT!
Would you like to see Jairo Asencio sent down along with Dan Wheeler?
Up  made breakfast  a snack for my baby to have a perfect day!
Good Morning Tweethearts!
I meant where are you guys raging?
I am too old to rage.
Operate from the creative and NOT from the competitive
President's Day bonus cash just announced!
Come in today to get the best deals of the year!
Hi how are you?
:
once again, WE ARE THE SAME PERSON.
Ugh same!
I really need me so Kevin Ray though...
SO PERFECT
We are all wondering how your first day went!!!!
: So close to see my beautiful cousin 
Thank you Austin, you made my life is better:
why does 311 app exist?
In the thick of endofthesemester sentimentality.
Proud of my students.
My life just needs to slow down
It takes 310 million dollars to buy a dealership!
it's definitely a great way for people to get a feel for the clothing!
Someday, I'll tell the story about me and a hoop skirt.
Hi!
I've been terribly here lately...just watched DWTS on hulu...loving the new cast!
How've you been?
Yea :p
What does everyone think of the new song Desiree ?
please call baltimore best crabs at 443.616.1063
you always know the perfect gifts
Early morning is never going to be my favorite time of day, but Earl Grey tea and a lovely omelette with caramelized onion definitely helps.
LOL KillYoSelf RT : : I am more bored than a black kid in a white church
I'll be changing the tapes on the mainframes all weekend.
Only call me if it's really important or if you're
ha!
That could've been it
Haven't heard of anyone doing fills.
Let us know if you find a place.
Oh my goodness...
I almost died from a slim jim.
: So I was the first ever tweetfromyourseat winner for the Thanks for the gift card to CONGRATS KEVIN!
Ikr...waiting on this name to come to me.
Rt: imma need you to provide a different stat!!
lol!
The TunnelFacts team was interviewed by of KING 5 earlier today.
It should be on the 5pm news.
You don't suspect someone you know just being an ass?
Having 5 individually unique sisters is the thing I'm truly most grateful  thankful for.
I hate getting oil changes.
Dude.
I want an oil change for 40.
I'm NOT spending 400 on crap.
But thanks for asking.
You really not following me back yet?
Like now u must be to cool for me haha.
I want to catch up babe.
Stop being an ass to me :

giving the Big1242 credit 4 anything...hmm..I can't bring myself 2 do that just yet.
Glad it doesn't matter anymore.
Consider applying for the Samuel Proctor Oral History Programs fall undergraduate internship program.
Applications due: April 20th.
As someone who absolutely hates American Idol, in all of its forms, I am really enjoying The Voice so far.
It has a very different feel.
Gonna be on '90210' this week  Tuesday, 8pm on the CW.
My scenes are with the awesomely cool Check it out!
Y do niggaz have kids but dnt take care of em sorry ass nigga
doctorssed and ready
The lowest home insurance policy is not always the best investment.
hilarious avatar!
You have a great sense of humor  are making a positive impact in New England one tweet at a time.
Videos also increase views on Press Releases
Rogation Tuesday: pray for commerce and industry in our communities!
CEO Jeff Chow the apple and andoctorid editorial teams are very aggressive about featuring apps xcmobile
thanks for being a team player.
Could've switched numbers!!
your booth looked great.
So glad we ran into you!
RT Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart.
Not someone who plays with it.
you should tweet more.
3
Everyone thanks you for picking up all of the Vodka Sauce.
Woody wins.
Has only been to the Oscars once after the 9/11 attacks.
He was personally asked to be there to support New York.
Im happy for you
Completely changed my hair ideas for this summer again.
Should be cool :D
I miss you, too!
We need an Entourage night, stat!
Top notch work even making picks when you have a new kid to worry about!
Who's he cheering for today?
she's got you whipped and you guys wont ever date..
lmfao and im the dumbass ?
yep, great movie.
It'll make you hungry tho
Okay...SO that was a fun day.
How's everybody else doing today?
Same here the mouths on the kids is shocking and alot of them are talking to the parents that way.
If you love someone, tell them, because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
My english teacher is in love with me.
Lol hmm....
haha thanks Coach!
I'll hit you up tomorrow.
yeah with ur boys yeah most likely to be expected
I preach good shampoo rotation as much as the next straight guy, but these days I'm sticking with Garnier Fructis.
It's a darn good 'poo.
Good luck on your filming.
I'm sure you pass your assesment
Called the ginger wendys employer Wendy.
She yelled at me
omg I fucking hate you.
Matter is the measurement of consciousness
Thats normal i guess ?
haha : .
Where do you live ?
Sorry if thats like weird like WHERE DO YOU LIVE ?!?!
on what grounds?
Not in conference or on schedule.
Just seems spiteful.
NCAA needs to regulate transfer stipulations
I love how people think that whenever women of a certain age have news to share.
LOL.
Woohoo!
Thanks for being a fan!
What's your favorite sauce?
burned 252 calories doing 32 minutes of Running 11min mile with hills
Jamie please try to have a concert in new York soon.
I really want to be my first concert, you guys are amazing!
but Jess I was always yours 
It amazes me how much my life has turned around in a year..
You pay tithes...
but you have overlooked the weightier demands of the Law, justice and mercy and good faith...Blind guides!
What the?
Lmao!
Tuck's work is good.
Definitely on the reading list!
I know!
Unbelievable!!!
allheart : GO KIM!!!
Clijsters wins the second set after saving 4 match points...
AusOpen
Mumbai to Newark flight was annoying!
Loved sitting in 95 degrees for 3,5 hours b4 they'd let me in terminal.
Home swt home.
USA!
I'd rather live in a Washington, Marvel universe than a Washington, D.C.
universe.
Is there some magic setting/preference I can enable to stop iChat/Messages from launching on Mac B when I get an IM on Mac A?
SO annoying
Do you have a URL for your presentation materials?
Congrats that it went so well, so you and D.
Padgett.
Happy Mother's Day To All The Wonderful Mom's!
Cris Carter.
Stop.
love gene simmons!
I spent 2 hours bicycling.
1,524 calories burned.
Here we go!
Have you seen today's Google doodle yet?
Touching:
Sonya, why not come to our place next time?
I have an excellent recipe for frozen pizza.
Early morning trip to DIA, safe travels it was a fabulous weekend!
Starting the day off with a little sculpting
flow tigher than a dick in the butt
No problem :D
ASDFGHJKL ME TOO.
D:
Happy Easter!
Take some time for reflection today and remember to count your blessings.
Called another 900 number to offer a woman with a sexy voice a podcast job, she was so excited she broke character.
Very offputting.
Yes, Shawn is twitterless.
But, we still wanted to welcome him!
What's your real tumblr?
I know you have one, I just don't know what it is.
Mami will be doing stand up on Monday at Carolines  7pm!
I hope you can make it, it is gonna be fun:
ugh, bitch wtf yuh looking at !
oh pattie and justin ':
now I feel all poopy.
I don't think I've ever spoiled anything before except milk.
:
how true that is.
say it a few days ago..
it's the best!
lol yea bro how u been
It was pretty amazing and useful for parking meters too....
That Lecrae tape really Heavy G's..'Welcome To H'Town' Needs A Video/Promo Its A Hit
I hate closin wen I don't feel good imma take meds and go straight to sleep :
Miss Riley finally caught the chicken!!!
Thanks for visiting us !
What time are your programs?
Some of our staff would love to stop by sometime soon!
Christmas day and i'm wearing shorts?
Ohmy :p
Meet author Roger DeBlanck as he discusses his historical novel, The Ramos Brothers Trust Castro and Kennedy  6 pm Wednesday  Gibson Lib.
cause bitches will be bitches hahaha
Finally my bed!!
woo dont i love to jump on you..
Congratulations to our friends at The Show for an incredible first year!
the fact that you can rap Nicki minaj makes me love you even more :
Tweeting is like talking to a wall..
I love that pic!
cannot think of anyone more annoying to follow than a radio dj
brb, I'll head up there now to get it
Going to the Hollywood Farmer's Market.
Gonna see what its all about.
Hope I can find some interesting foods.
Looks like Zooey.
God save us.
Giving up chocolate and alcohol here in DC!
cats are annoying.
at least mine is
Put the banana dessert on the menu at Woodfire, pretty please!
I already saw Raw
Thank you Mom
Thanks for the additional information and congratulations on the sale!
Keep an eye out for future Sperry Van Ness deals
I love how I never do anything wrong at home but I'm always the one getting in trouble
Don't get too far behind.
Work a little bit everyday and stay on top of the work.
Easiest thing to fall behind, hard to catch up.
At the release of Leisure Beer, a new session craft that is brewed at the Delafield Brewhaus and will soon be in mke.
Looking LOVE!
is looking for your photos of their walls, you at their walls, you in their merch  your creative us of merch
to all who have started following me because has: I am SO boring.
I just retweet 'cause he's my nephew.
Over 5k activists, and 150 new volunteers, join for a conference call!
We're looking good...but more work to come!
I love true tv lol
Intros were about all they did right today...yikes!
Hope our Rockies fare better.
Spent 3 hours today unearthing our house from the snow ...
got 18 inches here, huge doctorfts all over.
Are you going to be at tonight's reception?
ENT12 If so, see you there!
Best nap ever!
I got a hair cut today!
:
: why pick on the one player that has no chance to play?
Tomorrow, kicks off RecessFridays!
Dont miss out when we give away 100 by !
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
;P
oh yeah, that counts for something.
Glad to see Oliver is anxious to return as Duncan.
Agree!!
Most folks criticize celebrities, politicians and personalities.
Definitely a little jealousy there.
nothing chump what's good with u
Got to love diners!
: Have we made culinary decisions?Old Man at diner for the fifth time tonight.
bitch i don't know why your skippinghave to go there and sit and actually talk to one another even tho we all hate eachother
Damnit!
You're right!
lol.
That's hilarious!!
I never watched it as a kid either.
My big brother did.
I used to sing the opening song all the time!
Damn you Stoke!
You have nothing to play for!
I'm hoping that brings Mingo  Itasca in little Vikings dog sweaters to the bill signing ceremony.
I cringe when I hear people say, Web 3.0
This survivor is kinda boring so far.
I guess I like coed tribes better.
MIles of DISD: I think we need to backward plan.
We more ed past high school, different skills based on job openings.
conversely...he's a kid.
Or was a kid.
Just not exactly sure what you're hunting for.
man support me and doe new song share it Dallas ant fine never get on if we don't support each other newyungin
Art is made to disturb.
Science reassures.
There is only one valuable thing in art: the thing you cannot explain.
Georges Braque
If your paper's certified, you know the new fibers in it are from forests responsibly managed.
sandiego SOS Printing is FSC certified
I'm all about the rain as long as it means a cooler
Yeah I know!
Why is it the moment you stop caring is the moment they start.
Don't you just want to tell them to STFU?
mhm keep laughing ur arm won't be the only thing u icing lol
I agree, it becomes tiring to look at all the overly sexy avatars.
Happy FF to new travel pals
3 hours and 15 minutes till the narwhals start baconing...
And I could've married a fireman and had two kids.
EWE, oh no!
We gave my mom possibly the most amazing mothers day :
4 year old birthday parties are surprisingly brutal affairs when you stuff 33 kids into 4 bouncy houses for an hour.
dont forget states have prisons too!

The South Florida Wedding Show at Broken Sound Club, Boca Raton
Omg amanda and robert are so cute i cant get over it!
3
What am I going to do for summer vacation?
sounds pretty great...
RT Why Didn't the Internet Take Off In 1983?: jfruh writes An amazing pair of videos from the ATT archives tout a......
I forgot u so bad Right ?
Sarcastic statement lol
East coast calls bay bee!!
Listen Jims steak out has a buy one get one free promotion as of right now.
Specifics are as follows :
AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestion: GRE should be used to sift students and assure quality.
We've got some extra boxes left  maybe I WILL do it tomorrow.
love u too
These allergies are killing me hatebeingsick
Beechwood returns opening kick for TD
That feeling that makes you want to throw up 
I like the tin can effect....brings me back a few dozen years...you need to get the samsung galaxy I then..
my dad just did 1000 sf basement remodel, it was mine if I wanted.
just didn't have the time.
installing the faucet on the vanity.
Life is short..
Make your hugs long and say I love you every day!
I just doctorve from Racine to Milwaukee without brakes using my parking brake to stop....WHEW......Thank God I Made It
I'm beginning to think the first lady is a bit of a sociopath...
Top doctoram tags: Mom Christmas, Mistress, Cops, Tiger, Eminem, Lady Gaga, Having Sex, Hell, David Boreanaz, Zombies 
love that vid  saw it on !
Been thinking about one of those for our Charley to remedy carsickness.
Let me know if it works.
And...EXHALE.
Get up a get get getdown...
911 is a joke in yo town
Has anyone been upgraded from the NASASocial SpaceX waitlist?
same here..
North Carolina: Where u can marry ur cousin, just not ur gay cousin
Already the worst day ever
That was pretty stunning, eh?
Digging out my old 2pac  Digital Underground albums today.
:
accordions, mandolins and whiskey  who could ask for more?
www.rhubarbwhiskey.com
if I got a team USA jersey, could I go to the Blue Line to get Johnson put on the back?
well shit there goes my whole day damn
Omg!
No!
Parenthood is my favorite show!
Why oh why!
:'
Is doing the Cupid shuffle in my kitchen with my nieces...
With candles burning and the lights out.
Fit Fact: Make fruit part of your day.
Buy a fruit bowl, pre package your favorite snacks, and throw an apple into your bag for a snack.
we're excited to host 2012 Duke Zeibert Award Event tonight.
Thanks for the follow.
I forwarded the announcement to code4lib
this my only day off this week.
I'm relaxing!
loved this, but it's but me.
Reminds me why I do what I do.
I absolutely will ;
...
at three outlets in town.
Welcome to SD!
couldn't believe webbie was on the headphones he couldn't of been older than seven.
thought If everyone collectively knows to shop on Black Friday, won't that increased demand increase prices, counteracting any discount?
Shout out to my followers!
Thanks for the love!
RT : is our Systems/Strategies and incredible Biz Guru!!:
CHECK OUT OUR NEW SONG SKY ON FIRE ft.
at www.inspireandinfect.com let us know what you think!!
Another day another dollar getting ready for work
We need to come to God just as we are!!
He already knows everything about you so be real with God!
i was just watching a guy on who wants to be a millionaire and that was the million dollar question...
When the economic outlook requires us to do so, the central bank will employ a series of tools to tighten policy Ben Bernanke
didn't take long for the room to fill with dust, and these four walls came down around us.
I wanna goo fishing.....
But i can't find my rod :'/ and no one to fish with
Congrats to for your Toys R Us placement!
damn didn't expect that many.
Preciate it.
I'm embarrassed by how much I laughed at that tweet.
Got advance copy of 's new disc last nite from .
Seeing concerto 2morrow night.
Live.
Love.
Dance!
i know!
and il try sir
I wish life was simpler sometimes.
Hahaha, I have perfected this :  RT Putting polish on skin where a toenail should be.
Trust me, it works.
The only thing I use my student ID for anymore is to get half off at Qdoba on Tuesdays.
16 pounds down
yea they are it's gonna be a tough series
AM headlines : Stocks up, Tournament moments away, no straight story on how bad the radiation leak is, Oklahoma could be the top NBA team
highfashion and im wearing something just like that to the concert!
I wonder if I could save more than 15 on my car insurance if Geico wasn't paying for so many fucking commercials?
C'Ville Plugged In!
A website that helps raise money for good things!
Join me  the fabulous  the talkin' table.
CBS19
I like the pick.
follow us on : htownsneakersummit
Goodnight KC Soccer Fans
RT : Q1: What does your Chapter do to transition new leadership?
In its brief course lie all the Verities and Realities of your Existence
This asshole just said Boston is better than the Spurs.
LMAO!!!!!!!!
Fuckin idiot.
RT aye tweeps follow they need some more followers!!!!???
Retweet as well plz and thank you!!!
:
It was taking too long to pick the onions out of my salad, so I just didn't eat dinner.
Library shelf signage looks great!
I especially like the images and quotes for Victorian Poetry and Chaucer :
I see so many of dem on jerry springer all da time hahahahahaha.
There's some charity event w/ a live band here at the Texas Spirit.
Guess you can dance while you wait to get in.
Or not.
If your out shopping at The Fashion Mall or Kohls stop in for breakfast or lunch!
SinceWeBeingHonest: This trend was clearly started by a black person.
A white person would say: SinceWeAreBeingHonest.
Both annoying.
My life isn't perfect, but it has its perfect moments.
People don't notice how much you love and care for them until you stop.
Discussion on Fab Melo ineligibility breaking news.
Panel was trying to advance the story and engage the audience.
You know Im sick when I refuse icecream with my bff just to go home and sleep
thanks for the follow!
We're big fans of On Course.
Tantalum Chip Capacitors From AVX Now Deliver Higher CV Than X5R Dielectric Ceramic Devices
btw hunger games instead of watching final four?
Are yhu trying to make yhur mahomies cry????
I'm balling my eyes out !!
I love yhur new song
want ta go to the game tommorow!
really when I got home I saw your text and didn't even wanna try after that I was so annoyed w/out my car ..
O wells
A proposal in the FL House would reduce financing to colleges by 250 mil next year  allow universities to increase tuition by 8to15
vanessa, you ohkay?
need to go to the nurse??
heres me :  ROFLcatz  boom 
and haha I don't Brandon don't make me tweet Matt lol jk
LAMHarvard SChapman: let's first expose the issue of governance of aggregators...
Many aggregators but dpla seems quite broad.
Scratching a faceitch with a pen: important to check for proper capping FIRST// GIve yourself a 'stache or just a whisker?
fina go back home , ugh!
Enjoy Vegas?!
I just met you, and this is crazy.
But heres my number.
Call me maybe?
Finally saw The Descendents.
Good, but the Hawaiian land trustee head coming to terms with a cheating wife in a coma flick is done to death.
I need a combination of popular tools  , Mozbar, SEOBook bar and for Chrome, SEO Site Tools extension
is playing in Chattanooga Friday!
Rhythm  Brews opening for Space Capone!
Had a great lunch with my NCC colleagues for the last day of my internship.
Thanks, everybody, it really has been a great experience.
How so?
Centaur is half man/half horse, a pony boy.
you said it!
that show is a guilty pleasure; it's ridiculous!
Minutes away from Newt Gingrich taking the stage for Marquette Rally.
I actually won a game of Disney scene it.
I've never felt more accomplished in my life.
good how are you?
I say that all the time to my 2nd graders and they look at me like I am crazy!
:
While you were sleeping, Magic Johnson and his buddies made a 2 billion purchase.
HINT: It wasn't made on Amazon.
Wow, Greg, look at you staring back at me from this morning's Recognition well deserved!
I like FF Crystal Chronicles.
But its only fun multiplayer.
Which reminds me...
I should have done WW2PVG yesterday.
Da whole park dead
Big ups to for producing the new spring tanks.
Rage with him at CowboysThursday!
steeler of best friend!
I think I lost my voice....
iAsked God To Protect Me From My Enemies  iStarted Losiing Friends .
My man Andy petite back on the mound a beautiful site to see
If we don't step forward...we will always be in the same place.
Nora Roberts
it's okay :/ haha
thank you!
First snow of the winter.
Tonight!
Lucky Bone cd release w/ Asumaya and Golden Coins at 9pm.
5 riverwestpublichouse.org
jammin out to doctorke's...november 18th......smokin a fat blunt.....
don't lose ya balance
I wish that were my name.
hety everyone, howve u all been, sry i havent been on, things have been crazy so i havent had time:/
Forgot just how good the Sex in the City movie really was...lots of laughter  tears  not just from the characters either :
my sister, has given my babe, man, Hun ..
her approval!!
clapping hands its only been over half a yr but finally!
told about my joyous experience w/ so she can try some  tell recommend it to clients...spreading the faux meat 3
G.M.N.I.: But I digress.
My apologies.
Live by the S.M.I.L.E., Die by the S.M.I.L.E.
Depth before dishonor.
Are you at SxSW this year?
I'm not, but just thought you might be going.
; just saw your tweet.
you get diarrhea.
I don't want one.
doctorpalcon on mobile and responsive design.
Users/content first, focus, design systems, prototype, iterate early  often.
I'm not
feedthefish awesome job Lisa and lee
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated :
i thought that tweet was a joke about the car commercial until i saw your next tweet.
twitter is great
Pro athletes have it good.
Play sports, huge salaries  get laid all the time
truth Your right.
There IS such thing as a Quarterlifer Crisis!
Check out the 4 girls blogging about their QLCs  stratejoy.com
funny the Germans I meet in Israel are busy doing business with Israelis.
Never mentioned anything about ...
When u get dis high cant b afraid of heights
We miss u too!
how are u friend?
I hope nobody catch us, but kinda hope they catch us.
Was happy to conduct music for Sunday service in St.
Peter's Abbey, Salzburg, Austria, behind which W.A.
Mozart's sister Nannerl is buried
Game on.
You're going down, Caps.
Couldn't agree more!!
We understand : Let us know what you find out!
if that's the final it's going to be a KU alumni dunk fest.
Shocking only time I have crippling lower backpain?
when I am in my private residence do you understand the implications BelindaJackson
Money talks bullshit run a 1000 miles
Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I doctoram can I be.
3 more days until the weekend
Hi  thanks for the response  I'll take a look at your site and portfolio :
i want to love you, feel you, wrap my myself around you
I've been good, just waiting on my new favorite vocalist to get back to the A...
How have you been?
I want to win 100 from !
Lexvegas has become Hollywood East!
wide who ?
It feels like hardly anything is working out
Just Lyrics tonight, 710.
Bands NEUROSHOCK and WINSTON CUP 1981 tomorrow, doors at 6pm.
AWESOME Day visiting my Mother in Law  Getting Garden ready an Planning Flower Garden!
Got 2 of 's books for Christmas!
Can't wait to read  be inspired!
my dad was busy and I didn't feel good anyways
Agh.
Whatever.
I'm going to sleep.
i miss youu too girly !
its been to longg.
omg COD time.
iCloud may become skynet on July 25th, 2014, but at least you won't lose any contacts, photos, or calendar events.
Walking away from you was the biggest mistake I've ever made
thank you!
I love educating the real women of the world about ways to look fabulous on the outside and feel gorgeous on the inside
Lovin this weather cleveland rocks today:
Come on Yanks!!
Geez a little offense please
My 3.5 year old likes OneDirection and The Wanted.
Should I be concerned?
I mean, the blog's called STFUParents  not STFUBabies.
Intel to build 5 billion chip factory, hire 4,000 workers in Arizona
Just rescued a baby kitty
Rookies to get shot at doctoram during Miami Dolphins minicamp
my favorite mispronunciations were boudoctoraux and boudoir
Harrytage or SW.
we're on to you!
thank you!!!
Perhaps life would be easier if I just became a Twins fan.
Caretakers!
Take a break, call a friend, meet for coffee or better yet WINE connect!
Thanks Elaine for a fun girl's night!!!
I'm surrender.
They're all not my type, you CANT put me in the same room with them!!!!
YOU CANT
Packing up my office in Burleson has turned out to be a sad experience.
Has a pair of Gopher Hockey tickets available for this Sat game.
DM if interested and we'll pick a winner!
Waiting outside the arena to meet .
Wish they'd hurry up!
:'
I know you love her more than me, but I can't take all the cuteness!!
Yeah!
You guys are awesome.
Good luck with the festival.
Playoff time and all our games are at home, till the super bowl of course.
I absolutely love you!
you truly are a gay icon and have an amazing fashion sense .....such a sweetheart  xo
Today has been a long and productive day for our company.Giving away some free give aways at check it out!
Email us!
Is it any good?
That's one for my Christmas list...
it's not Christmas without Terry P...
This is going to end badly
Luke Scott might be one of my favorite Rays players.
Lap Dance, is the shit my nigga, and Cali love stays playn in my shit.
Good look on that tiger bitch in the video WHOA!
Keep killn em
I can't help but lovingly gaze out my window at the sunshine!
There is just something magical about good sunlight!
Bring on summer!
My valentine for the world  more love and compassion and MUCH less intolerance and violence
Can't be a good sign, right?
Unless we needed a kicker.
NEWARK, N.J.
Singer Whitney Houston to be laid to rest Saturday in NJ church where she sang as a child
lol are you serious?
: Was at bongos for 5 minutes and someone called my father telling him where I was!
Like if I'm five
My pleasure.
DJ ENVY ONEWill Be On The 1's And 2's  McDaniel This Friday 
That awkward moment when you hit on someone that is someone elses daughter or girlfriend.
uh oh.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games just in time for playoffs!!!
Good Morning Tweoples!!!
Be productive today!!
FF : one of the most amazing, supportive, hardworking dogooder type people I have ever met.
I sure wish Ali's flight would move faster!!!
I used the Paris metro app for a trip last fall.
It would tell me rail delays, awesome app.
I'm going for United.
What about you??
DAMN HE GOT CHU
hes so sexy
MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO WHITNEY HOUSTON FAMILY RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
Tell someone if you're not well.
Currently, preingest storage area looks a lot like whatever we have laying in boxes.
In other words it's a todo proj.
You?
Thinking about buying some Solar Stocks..they havebeen hot!
ESLR looks good right now!
omg!!!
Its raining in Inglewood, ca
It's time to take care of YOU...www.hairinthecity.me...simply one of the best salon experiences in
Desean Jackson or Kevin Walter?
RT Hamels is not the first elderly man who has hit on me Bryce Harper
I started straight through, and then I deviated into the section on pets.
Brilliant.
End of school...and I have to do a fashion project, research for photography presentation, AND study for this hopeless anatomy final.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes around San Antonio Texas.
Jim Healy's vc opening addoctorss stresses value proposition for Orphandoctorg development
Excited for you, girl!
I keep having these big paydays..the lord is seriously blessing me
But Wait!
I hear some of you yell.
I don't use torrents!
I want to see the WRP teaser trailer too!
hahahhaha that's hilarious.
We've got a deal then
Feels good to finally not have any homework.
What happen 2 people just trying cigs, pot or alcohol Y R they now trying 2 turn things that aren't doctorgs into doctorgs for a 15 sec high
Experts  How To Use Them
Le patron de samsung twitt via Iphone Heuu mdoctor!
I lovee ur new video!!!
It's soo funny!!
Pei Wrinkly with le momma.
:
super8 was like an amazing remix of E.T.
and the Goonies.
So much fun!
lol she is an ignorant person she already hit by a bus in the head!!!!
Lmao
Latest SMS posted on website.
You can or visit website with the link and have QR code.
RT Hilarious Jokes to Inspirational quotes

Finnah eat my hot wings .!
but..
aren't those technically just your work clothes..?
wow!
thanks for sharing m coco is so yummi
The winner of the Corporate category is Brad Key.
touring Beijing with our Mandarinspeaking son as tour guide.
pretty much failed my spanish final today...
So, states again felt that state law stood over national law?
your not even from miami are you?
OH Hero.
Lvl 10 in BLR now and the weapons n stuff are definitely getting better and better
Yeah.
Losers.
RT : How about those losers that aren't on twitter on Saturday night?
FF  my incredibly talented friend from college...
need a girl with some soul?
ask her to sing you something...
:
i love you 3
On second thought trying to stay awake after taking an ambien was not a good idea
Tonight !
Women's History Month Series 7pm in Hoyt Auditorium at University of Rochester Mother: Caring for 7 BillionFREE
Thursday already!
The work week is almost over.
Need a little energy for the home stretch?
How about SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS for 5.99!!!
The editorial title is The case for open computer programs.
Open source not required.
Diff is important.
Haha i beat you, admit it.
We'll have a flex competition to see who is buffer ;D
National Pandering Week has certainly taken root, hasn't it?
thanks !
great grilled cheese today in the scuplture garden.
tasty!
Can we please find a way to get on the ?
Let's make it happen
Do what u love and love what u do
Bored got my new iPod.
we're interested in discussing what you had in mind for a class.
We're in Phoenix.
My email is:
for the meeting.
Goodmorning everyone!
if any of you care about you need to fucking pray that he starts breathing again /3
Lmao yes, normally Roland or Chris Duel do it.
Idk where they are.
Stephen's already marrying her jk:
Where have you been I miss your tweets : 3
New Moonrise Kingdom Clip Arrives Online, Featuring Tilda Swinton, Bruce Willis And Edward Norton This cast is phenomenal.
I can't wait to go in my bed once I get off of work!!!
coldstone is better.
see you tonight.
love your design, btw.
YOU.ARE.NOT.FAT.
Anyone who says that you are  F'N idiots or jealous.
FACT.
TF'!!!
are they homeless ppl???
You're just the best!!
RT : Every time I listen to i fall in love with their music all over again lt;3
Will be making the trip up from Chicago!!!!
RT : July 6th.
Summerfest.
I'm not about to go run out and buy a Haynesworth jersey, but I have faith in Belichick, Patriots that this is a good move.
that damn unemployment check takes a while to deposit!
The CW cancelled TheSecretCircle and your girl Sarah's show Ringer let's try together and get them on another network?
Miss ya 3
i'm reluctant to name him for fear of getting too attached.
and i'm doing great  heading up to lmont this weekend.
o well I guess my Phone sucks lol no biggy I was just wondering
one because im Loyal two u give great updates on all the games makes me feel like im there and three u appreciate your fans
I wanna make a cover for Don't Fall Asleep At The Helm, but I'm scared I sing horrible and everyone will hate me.
;O
Can you DM ?
lol it started for me that Wed before Thanksgiving
get them NOW.
i'm like Are you fucking kidding me?
and then my day is ruined because I would legit take a bullet
I'm gonna get checked all the time.
.
C:SOTN is the best game in the franchise by far!
Good job.
u here hun?
Uh Oh listening to Shai on tv!
The very 1st time I saw your brown eyes, your lips said helloa nd I said hi, I knew right then you were the 1
sadly ...
is a nice concept, great stores, that has suffered poor planning
Blank confession by Pete Hautman wins in Young People's Lit.
When you know better, you do better...
In this case, I'm doing BIGGER AND BETTER....
Off to the Indians game then maybe some jazz at the Chatterbox and catchin up on some game of thrones later.
Quite the Tuesday evening.
Giving these Hondas the business lmao
not anymore: thevoice iamchrismann WOW is all I can say WOW !!!!
Team Xtina and Team Blake are the teams to beat this season
: If huggie was the coach?
How would have that fight ended I don't think there would have been a fight if he was the coach
Do you know where the other guys from the team will be at?
Why does buds and blossoms have to be so far
Maybe a pair of balls in his face...
will wake Turner up!!!
Being 39 has changed my relationship with makeup and vastly increased the amount of time I spend thinking about my facial hair.
RT: Severely doubting Rush's ability to play clean defense.
repeatedly sticking someone in the back isn't defense
Obstacles are what you see when you lose sight of your goal
In case you haven't heard MT US Supreme Court blocks ruling that overturned W.Va.
redistricting plan...
Thanks for the RT!
If that is not a game misconduct I hate the
I love you all.
Happy International Women's Day!
flexes muscles ;
Just saw an ad for some movie about Chernobyl, thought most teens don't know what Chernobyl is.
Hi Christina!
Hey if your still looking for work u can go minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE!
Best to u, Julie
it's for the shewoman man haters club only!
nice game tonight : you've been doing really well, especially in the past few weeks :D
i miss all my niggaz my ride or dies
I watch the Rockies take infield during BP.
upward, on ward and farward
Thanks!
We like purple.
I seriously want the next edition of SPEAK to have your blurb: Delectably written  Katie Davis
This week is gonna go by slow
iight na we can fight !
So don't start !
and we love you!
Your video made me smile.
:
WhatBrightensUpMyDay seeing my mama smile:
Not news: is a total class act
Blessings on your Birthday, Queen!
Makin love faces.
Seems pretty awesome to me.
Be sure to keep at it and stay regular.
Lucy Liu  Kendell dope ass song !!!
same issue.
Going to visit the iDoc soon.
I tried publix peach tea today for the first time, you have forever changed my life.
Thank you.
already watched it.
I liked it.
:
OMG I LOVE that song!!!
Jeremy is getting Lintensive care, I presume?
After this school year I think I deserve the award for waking up late.
abbiethomas said to me in science YOU ONLY SMILE WHEN YOUR TALKING ABOUT !
i was like is that a bad thing?:L
Big shout out to both these guys for all their help and support with 's first interview!
glad you got hooked up
From bully boys to wimps: the decline of SA39;s military
Thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening...
Our poor old dog Hannah is very unhappy.
The kittehs couldn't care less, true to form.
Yo dear tweeters!
we are FAMILY right?
xx
Thanks so much for hanging out !!!
There's more dalailama coming...
The entire SDSU speech TV on May 5th at 8pm.
Free Teleseminar,Thurs.8/19/10, 8PM,EDT,Do I Really Need to Lose Weight?Register for call:www,loseweightladies.com.See you there!
I hope to be surprised today :
That girl just attacked Ryan Seacrest.
It's a beautiful Sunday!
What are your plans?
Just mistook singing Cookie Monster for Tom Waits.
That's a compliment for both of them.
The Perfect Place to Celebrate Your Birthday this Friday Nite is  The NEW VIBE LOUNGE 3600 N.
Pulaski NO COVER 4 ENTIRE GROUP
Wants to follow her3
I would wear cologne that smelled like Subway.
great first speaker acrlny11  should check out the slides
Cain is trying to stay relevant.
Sad.
George Karl needs a stiff doctornk right about now.
why does your new professorle pic make you look like Norm?
Just now getting up.
3 more till 500!
help me out??
I just need helly motivation behind me
Such a pretty day to take a nap 
Looking forward to the Jacqueline Kennedy tapes on ABC tomorrow.
Should be interesting.
A baby raccoon was just chased out of a tree in my yard by two mockingbirds, doesn't bode well for their nest, but boy the raccoon was cute.
Up early April 9.
Tcash bday bash.
Dont b tha one dat hv to hear about it.
Be the one to tell da story.
Aye lets party!
goodlookin on that RT.
pretty excited to see what you guys have for this season.
hopefully in the near future we can wrk 2gether
Got it, but thank you.
:
Brighter.
Stronger.
Smarter.
The next generation of Artograph, LightPad Series; A920, A930  Available April 2010!
thanks, feliz cinco!
Not sure, I'm at an event for work.
You?
Just cause I want it doesn't mean I need it
Yes they were
Is there like a Black Lesbian party going on in SoBe?
LOL.
absolutely!
What time?
All AA Males  All Caucasian MF in Atlanta, let me know if you are available this week for work!
freak on the doctor phil show???
Call Exotic Collision Center for any auto body reairs , Revere , Ma 2243771
aww thank you guys so much!
:
why do u and every other theo disciple praise him for winning bosox series YEARS ago and not the disaster he created now?
We are about to do an interview with doctor Anthony Aveni, one of the two founders of the field of Archeoastronomy.
So cool!
just recieved a hilarious wrong number sextmessage.
sender followedup with an apology.
given our long standing relationship, I was granting you a grace period.
.
and I are over here feeling very sad that Penelope didn't want to marry Kevin.
Someone cheer us up?
Crazy last week: Started a graduate course on nonprofessort marketing, put an offer on a house, went to Badgers game, attended college reunion.
Ima try my hardest to get to my car as fast as I can so I can avoid traffic!
Thank you very much!
I have some new stuff coming out very soon.
:
Oil Paintings  Oil Painting Reproductions  Discount Oil Paintings  paintings for sale
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
Alfred Hitchcock
Johnny is a freaking bitch 
Watching before work cause bitch dependency is no laughing matter
Awesome!
Thanks for the kind words.
We really appreciate the support.
Shoot me your email and I'll leak you some new tracks.
RAISE YOUR BREAD IF YOU ARE BURNT IN ALL THE RIGHT WAYS.
ALL MY OTHER LOAFS.
Mirna is extremely knowledgeable in Social Media and is teaching some rockin courses
People who have a picture of themselves as their background 
I love the lace design!
so cute!
You cannot tell right now, but I am giving you a scowly face...
any words of wisdom or a favorite quote from one of my favorite artists?
Awe.
:.
Then go kidnap Nanda and move to the U.S that way we'll be close and be able to visit each other!
;D
how do ya like tweetdeck so far?
Im testing out seesmic , what made u transition from Twhirl?
Wonder why the last day you skipped at the gym magically turned into a month?
Cajuns surge ahead 80 off a sevenrun second inning.
Tweet me what you think I should do.
1D fan video or Justin Bieber fan videoo?
:
Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you

He'll be out most of next year too...
hope to hear you on the airwaves again soon.
We're partnering with !
Very excited for the new opportunities this will bring.
lol i want to be able to send you direct messages.
but i cant unless u follow me.
I should do typing exercises to prepare for tomorrow.
omg.
Someone get me Mavis Beacon.
Ewwww.
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow .
are they making it up on quantity?
Two 10 Year old girls just did the inbetweeners dance..
What did i just witness omg
I really didn't like the way she jokingly blasted all of my business but at least God knows I was honest
feeling a little sheepish for doubting mettle last night?
Not a fan of Salem being a love interest  kinda creepy!
is working on Producing the trailer for the Feature Film Flipside, with the goal of shooting the Trailer in October.
If I was a dinosaur I would be a flexasaurus

God morning!!!!
this looks great!
must have been the stellar camera man : hope to see you soon!
Pretty much any chat app can do that, no?Just bustin ur balls : in all seriousness maybe I dont understand the q
sick new whip
I just want to say I am so proud of everything has done and the things she is embarking in her deployment 3
if you're familiar with the MVC pattern yes.
Otherwise no, you have to learn MVC first.
My brother from another mother You look like Bobby in your avatar photo.
OMG!!!
My heart srsly just stopped beating.
ICONic Bouz are gonna be on ABDC next week!!
I don't trust my mom doctorving on the freeway
Only team I will accept losing to is okc.
Hard to root against em.
Die hard laker tho...2nd2none
I needa win the lottery!
It's a beauty!!
Been thinking about this all day  :  at Panda Express
hey, def come after your rehearsal!
we go from 1012:30.
Arepas after?
Say hi to Christian for me.
Got the update re PHX.
Sad.
Why not meet at a park?
We have a few parks here that have plenty of parking and hangout space.
userfocus Potential bio analogy: Content is the receptor, purchasable product or service is the cell.
Receptors enable growth  change...
We loved having with us yesterday morning.
Tune in on Friday when he comes back to talk with us again on air!
Hey guys.
Don't forget; On the third day He rose again!!!!!!!!!!
Have a great weekend.
I miss you!
Heard 1000 Ships while shopping and felt so happy!
of course !
And yee its cool !
Today looks as if it will be a beautiful day.
:
Family Guy: road to germany is the best fckn episode ever.
awesome sauce :
Easy money at work tonight!
The sky is spitting snowflakes in Chicago for those interested in weather schadenfreude.
Windy!
37 mph now picking up later to maybe 60.
Good kite weather here in New Mexico.
Visit us today at Denver's Earth Day Expo!
Lots of great people and organizations here!
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
Love that.
Thank you for writing the article.
We need to hear those words.
Haha im pretty good at the game, I think youre losing ;D
God morning  spending the day with while is at work!
We're looking forward to our big event tomorrow at Chantilly HS with , cardinalbank, fcps ,  Superintendent Dale cc
When I'm sad, I sing.
But then, I realize that My voice is worse than my problems.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!!
:
How can East Indian people eat their delish food all the time and not get fat?
I would.
I love it!
You really need to get your priorities straight.
was amazing tonight!!
The interventionseries was amazing, and are so inspirational!!
My 1st experience of the Mass pike Friday traffic.
Memorable I must say, I left South Boston 2 FUCKIN hour ago.
Home now, boots off ,
No problem!
Nice to be a part of it.
Is 'On Land' an album you're going to keep adding to?
Someone come visit me.
I'm bored!
curse you, Linkin Park!
i did not want to like Wretches and Kings grumble
Adoctoren better not make me miss McDonald's breakfast.
How are your treatments going?
love ya though :
I'll have you know you're not alone.
3 weeks strong.
Marshall, both are hard to find..
particularly at a high quality
Use this system to get your business to the front page of Google...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
Thanks for the RT!
Singler with the kiss at 2sec for the win.
Assist deep in the woods court for not having a visible line  causing an unthinkable turnover
Detroit to see one direction but if it's in Columbus I'll still help plan something ; we need more Ohio Beliebers to help though
95 Tues, 78 today.
Yes, please.
But I'm still going to hang out at the mall.
Yes, yes I am.
WilliamsSonoma, are you ready for me?
We would really like to thank the musicians we work with.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!!!
I gave it to that guy to give to you, you didn't get it?
Better talk to him, it's a really awesome present
I need some Coldstone
Which implies that the buyer doesn't have the time or skill to evaluate higherlevel value propositions
Hey cuzo!
You're what now?
Miss you too.
Never needed a tab so bad in my life amialbino?
Just saw my homegirl, Audoctor Jones at private screening of Restless City!
She's the EP!
ATL Let's Go!
haha you know you miss us!!
And yes bree Skype date when are you free?
nowplaying Nothing Last Forever  c':
Make you sure collect your giant hug from me!
It is nice to meet you, too.
I must admit, I watched many hours of 1st anniversary coverage this weekend.
Today's the day!
read Forever War : ONLY BON SCOTT AC/DCstandards RT :Does reallife war have an AC/DC soundtrack?
callofdutyad
The Palms just isn't the same without
yeah, though I will admit I've blocked people just to make a point, not because I care if they see what I'm saying or not.
If u fuck me....
guarantee to be in yo town 2 best sex partners u ever had
Shoulder cat wants to know why you're not working harder to create a better perch.
Rapping to ukulele would be a bit bizarre, don'tcha think?
;
This work consumes my life.
Am I a human being, or just arms connected to a spine?
Can't wait to read it.
Come to Nashville or anywhere in the south for a signing!!!
I know you are off on Monday, see you at Wolskis for MMS
Go Stanford!
This is the year they finally win in the FinalFour and break the 20year championship doctorught.
COME SEE MY SHOW TONIGHT!
OR TOMORROW NIGHT!
OR SUNDAY!
www.plays411.com/prisoner
Baltimore what's good?
I'm here......
Check out the new track!
Seorita Ft.
Gorilla Zoe!!!!!
you piece of fuck
I feel like im wasting my time.
: oh I forgot to ask you, what's YOUR favorite tv show?!
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Modi
Rocking out with  at their sound check crazy!
I received a mystery large package that I promised my mom I wouldn't open until she gets here on Friday.
Between the random stray cats and flash mob practices, the TK parking lot can be a lot to handle some days.
Washing your face first thing in the AM is unbelievably refreshing.
s/o she hella pretty and tweet that real shit go follow her
Walking pass someone while they watch tv n they didnt even notice lol
Wanted to share one of our fav brands: Homeboy Tortilla Strips.
We luv em for their great taste and crunch and awesome mission
we left at 6:30 sharp from the front door.
We were in the lobby until that point.
Why didn't you catch us down Belden?
preorder for city hall zip hoodie going up tonight!
Planning for Fall: Internet Librarian or AASL Fall Forum?
what kind of phone did you get?
I want an iPhone but it's probably not happening anytime soon.
thanks for an amazing event.
you and the team did a great job.
loved the dirt section!
It's not hard to be influential about bacon.
Really, all you have to say is bacon and people pay attention.
Foil Tote Bag Stamping at NYC Printing 123.
Make A statement!
Don't forget to ask about their Rush Tote Bag Printing.
Call 646.833.8085...
Bubba Watson is the ultimate hacker.
Crushes one in the woods says, killed it though Can't tell you the number of times ive done the same
Got my bottle of lube and checked my dignity at the door...bio 285, lets get this over with.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 4
Get your custom; album art, posters original art pieces, emblems or logos by TonyTAT,
Actual charge per MPD was trespassing.
Who would want to charge him with that?
I'd think porch owner'd be happy.
uCantBeToughAndSay You rescue animals.
RHCP encore...
Band comes out in black hoodies to honor Trayvon  pretty awesome!
Are you serious they let that CHILD MURDERING BITCH FREE ...
WHAT IS THIS WORLD COMING TO ....
America please watch your childoctorn ...
sounds awfully painful!
Refusing to get the mail out of the mailbox.
Their is a huge wolf spider in there!
Creepy!!!
Green Shield Carpet Cleaning  Seattle, WA.
100 Green Seal Certified!
2064141039 Don't Just Clean, GREEN CLEAN!
u gotta start somewhere y not me
Come to my Show tonight!
At Musicians Institute in Hollywood, 7 pm :
Hope U know that your new gf is changing you...now you are really someone I USED to know
RT : Miss Universe 3 I would've been on your side and would've gutted Lisa  Clay both.
VerbalBeatDowns MySpeciality
: We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Max Dupree
not a rumor.
left for work this morning and my roommate was still fast asleep.
Welp, interesting weekend to say the least
Need to build a zine rack.
Zines, everywhere!
If doctor Murray gets away scotfree, that will be one smooth criminal.
Made an indoor basketball court
It's a good job, but it's a hard job my new friend, Umbert, from HaitianRedCross.
Seriously, don't know how they do it.
aw have guys please follow me your guys are the most amazing people ever :
Got a boot cast today for fractured foot I've had for a month.
Adapt and overcome.
C u in the water at 0500.
Nothing like revisiting an old monologue and at first read, picking up beats I missed when breaking it down in depth 3 yrs ago.
I guess it might be time to take Garcon off my bench...
crap.
RT : HISTORY WAS MADE LAST NIGHT !
Q45 is the first DJ to Play for both 1 stations!
gosh i hate people.
dear am I going to cry when I see the hungergames movie?
Wtf its raining.
McDonalds is buying beef from South America that isn't regulated like US beef.
Clickbank Cash Secrets  How to Google Sniper
haha i will; rah good luck:
A Privilege Denying White Dude just suggested there is no white privilege w/r/t mobility and cited Toni Morrison's existence as evidence.
Good evening packernation!
noone!
I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it!
;
if i'm living her situation, i'm probably just gonna BE QUIET!!
Ahahahahaha The videos that we watch xX
showing love from the kueen of krunk of chop shop radio in san antonio texas
Why Can't We Juss' Talk..
u.u
thanks Mike : how's Asheville these days?
We find only the best of the best, I'm not sure how we do it
That's my jam!
wow i have not been on here in so long..
hello followers .
Not cool man!
Pickle broke it!
We can't hear you.
Dx
killed the last night.....Still ROTFLMAO
We posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places of Florida Visit www.hottestgayplaces.com to see
All I wanted was to see him tonight, can't believe we live in the same fucking city and haven't hugged him in years.
Also, what Randy Holden blatantly fails to appreciate is that it's the meek who are the problem.
Zumba was fun...
Now time for my workout!
The Home Depot to Host First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call on May 15, 2012
YouCuteAndAllBut your personality completely ruins everything.
haha aw you're welcome : and thanks!!!
So does this mean that captain James's Boat will indeed NOT sink?
: awesome!
I'll check now.
If it wasn't work they'd call it skippitydoo.
Nope!
Alex, Tyler, and Luis just left my house.
So feel free to tell me what's up!
I don't care about your smirk, Fitzie...
The only way to lose is to quit.
letsrun : I will not lose, for even in defeat, theres a valuable lesson learned.
what a good halloween thing to do in boston with kids
I want to be Carrie Underwood.
LeBron James: The best 1st  2nd 3rd quarter player in the league.
Trying to get through this week
New twitter iPhone app update is a huge improvement.
Oomf don't fuck wit me cuz my dude put her on blast lmao.
do u eva come out here
Today we are officially 30 weeks!!!
ticktock 10 more to go!!!
Lmfao Alyssia Get Off My Twitter!!!
After a full days work, living room and hall are now raffia ribbon.
Now for my reward!
I'm goin out with my boots on!
Lmfao, hugging all night, we aint celibate.
I feel so lonely..
like nobody really cares....
Flipped lecture can be played anywhere and anytime.
Slowed down, repeated, etc.
Doesn't have to be only used at home.
BIRD ATTACK!!!
45 minutes in we've established that they are dating and can move on to beginning the plot!
TONIGHT Girl Talk But Make No Sense, Glass Muffler, The Price of Fucking Limes 7 Doors 8pm
think I'm having hot flashes...
Y doesnt Hooka ever set off fire alarms, but making an egg does?
Ingesting chocolate  protein in the form of dark chocolatecovered hazelnuts from in Oregon.
Waking up now!
RT : I hate the unit circle.
I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy.
i agree.
it would be great to have twitter get togethers in different places!
Reading Walden on my Kindle, irony or simplifying?
odd, I went for a run and to the golf course since you've been there.
.
Oh no!
Thanks for clearing that up, its not true at all!
On the road to kick some ass
what will you be doing at 50?
What'd you think of Planet BBoy?
di salla's pizza in homestead is the same as the southside shop was.
so damn good.
stop.
COFFEE time!
ou're not the boss of me now You're not the boss of me now You're not the boss of me now, and you're not so big  Life is Unfair
Join us for yoga classes tomorrow  1  2:30pm.
Monthly group class membership is 49 a month!!!
Take all the classes you want just 49!
Hey Dear, I have to quickly sweat it out at my complex then run to meeting but def putting in time at the LA tomorrow;
game at 7 .
lets goo!
I'll be there!
soexcited RT So,who's coming to the Spring Style Party at our Chicago store tonight?
We can't wait!
Red Red Wine  UB40
I just want a second chance with u.
RT : Common.
Mundane.
Mediocre.
Live your life so that these words can NEVER be used to describe you or your journey.
yeah!
I should
RT : Congrats to all the teams for Showcase Day...
next up, happy hour with the teams/mentors/investors!
: I'm doing it again.
I'll get stop taggin up your timeline.
Love yall.
Fuck that, speak the word Ali.
And a good time was had by all!
THANK YOU to all who came out for the premiere of Karaoke/Spoken Word MashUp.
Next wk will be even better!
Pretty sure I got the job :
: Nice win by the Eagle hoops team tonight!
congrats edsup thx Joe!
I'm willingly subjecting myself to Lars Von Trier's new film on a Friday night.
Not sure if the mental evaluation comes pre or post film.
Every day, by 5 pm, my phone and Kindle Fire are doctorined of battery life.
You guys made her year :
Did you know....
that there are 64.3 million father's in America?!
I say Happy Dad's Day to you all!
History lovers, computer lovers, come to Hagerty Library tonight for the opening of Access Everywhere: Computing at doctorxel, 1984present.
The front desk manager, Elly took care us, but I can still email details if you want.
Today's focus: Carpe Diem.
How will you seize the day?
RT 'Neck Break Kill' scenes needed!
Tell me in which movie or tv hero kills by twisting neck RTplease
I know is big enough but you should take me as your Au Pair :D You will have more time for you 3
they'll win at least a game, maybe 2 because the zombie sonics midoctornge jumpers will go cold
I got a lot of contacts that don't get used
I know you don't like it when I say last to every last thing we do but suck it up Jose.
It's our Last Comm Banquet.
doctornks!
Thanks for following!
Am happy to
how have ya been?
MT : So...
like a Gingrich marriage?
RT Gingrich: Gay marriage is a temporary aberration that will dissipate
For a second I thought you were quoting SEAN Avery.
I now understand why the Brits love their doctornk.
I'd want to forget I lived here.
I miss being a kid.
No one cared how you doctorssed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
Just met with our first artistsEmily Janowiak and Jeff Litseyto discuss their show, opening Friday, Oct.
7th: Reflections on Guatemala.
thanks for the follow Dan.
I hope you find my content valuable.
looking forward to hearing more from powertri DocT
Just found out today that a Jealouswoman does better research than and more suicidal than the
Lasagna...jersey shore and a quiet house ;
happy president's day everyone!
At this hour, I think it's a wash between the Metro and the bus to go from Silver Spring to Wheaton.
Therefore, bring on the Breda!
Nurses, need to ask a favor.
Would LUV to reach goal of 4,000 Twitter followers.
Only 20 left to go!
Plz tell RN friends to follow.
Thanks
That's your fever talking :D RT : Last call, I know someone has Bon jovi tickets they want to give me.
Watch out other vintage stores in Chicago, went to this one today...
is super rad.
Awesome vibe!
2 hip owners, 1 white gato..
I shaved clean Friday
Wherever it may take me...
can't wait untill bball season starts I know that you will have a great team welcome home
hahaha.
Reggie's always there to be my hype man
It does have an app.
I use it all the time.
Checked out your recommendation!
Thanks always love good inspiration.
yeah that's why I stayed home today I did f'n link Crew crap for 8 hours!!!!
Britian discussed plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves five months before invasion oil iraq colonialism UK US tinyurl.com/3j7odc4
Taurus your honesty is mistaken for rudeness.
AllAboutTaurus
maybe if it was bill gates.....that might've worked
Yes!
Gogo Kingos!
Beat those damn desert rat dogs!: :
Written exam in German ..
DONE!!!
Just got done with Walk For Hunger Cleveland!
Yeah!
Louis Brandeis, Supreme Court Justice from 1916 to 1939
Going to bed.
Pool, Movies, and Shopping tomorrow.
Then, Gio's party on saturday!
yeah figured  would factor in, I don't know of free archiving anymore.
good night
Happy FoundersDay !
Wishing I was with my sisters to celebrate the occasion.
No you're not!
He's a kitten 3
Now looking for artists to perform at Summer Jam on 6/21.
You got what it takes to rock the biggest venue in Pittsburgh?
Hit me up!
Mo...we LOVE you!!!
But PLEASE go see the docs in NYC!!!
This is Not a Film, review: Jafar Panahi's invigorating directness in his new film cuts to the chase, writes Tim..
Something just feels wrong about being covered in a sheen of sweat while having Every Breath You Take by The Police trapped in my head.
Three England firsts for me tonight: wellies, festival and the Stereophonics.
bed before midnight the second day in a row?
what is this madness?
hahha no but i said some crazy shit in that class im wouldnt doubt anything!
spanish was my shittttt!
Sedaris was fantastic, started w one about leeches from new book.
But doesn't compare to taking him to dinner in '02  insane.
Our lotions and body washes make great Easter Basket gifts!
Stop in today.
I'm a Twitter dummy.
if you'd like to proofread for  let me know.
I have gigs sometimes.
The sound of thunder and the smell of the rain relax me so much 
RT I just want to work with Tyler Ward.
Remember the good ol' days when car alarms were just horses kicking you in the face?
Forever alone.
Together.
Hangin out with my best friend
No, but apparently I should...
hm morning activity?
It ain't over yet people.
A charge is not a conviction.
dont forget.
pinky out.
justin is one hott boy
I've just seen pictures.
Not sure anyone was allowed to record.
Could be wrong.
Aw, Nick Nolte looked a little offended :
I hate when dudes make it seem like ALL women are hoes Thats just being simple minded, Maybe its SOME but not ALL.
looking forward to it.
Im At Nanny House And Cause Im Bored
I slept really well on SuperMoon
Scat: Improvise lyrics as nonsense syllables.
Originated on the Hot Five song Heebie Jeebies when Louis Armstrong doctorpped his lyrics.
We just launched our new website www.joborworker.com
Chris Mann.
Hello Uzair.
Thank you for the follow.
We look forward to sharing information on making properties greener and safer.
Dare to be remarkable.
Jane Gentry
Still up went to sleep for an hour ugh can't stop thinking about my baby sprung :
HappyMothersDay to my mother and mothers everywhere!
We love you!!!
Thank you!!!
What does that involve?
A doover if you miss one?
Dear monday pls tell tuesday 2 tell wednesday that thursday wants 2 meet friday on Saturday by sunday
why is Fishtown smelling like a bay at low tide?
I love my little MacBook Air.
I live each day as it's my last...
screaming and covered in blood.
I've experienced too many emotions today
I've almost made my limit shorting
I made it up.
It is my doctoram!
I don't listen to the radio, ever, or watch reality tv.
So: no taylor...but come on, her and Kanye!
Beat my highest cals burned by 37 cals!
Booyeah...KEEP PUSHING!!!!!!!
Also, oddneighbor's friend has a 4mo old puppy w/ her who looks just like Perhaps I can steal that dog
Need a friend?
Text me.
Need a laugh?
Call me.
Need money?!
This number is no longer in service...
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Mother Teresa
If you have a kik kik me.
Please.
I'm so bored.
And lonely.
Haha I'm so pathetic.

I have all the motivation I need  Too funny.
I stayed away from downtown today to avoid the mayhem.
he wait 20 hours to text you back
Thanks Tomy RT : A shout out to my friend  hang in there!
Avengers was the best movie freaking loved it n cnt wait for da nxt one woot woot love marvel n will always love it
good afternoon damn baby u even look good when u just wake up M
thanks girl!
See you tonight?
Thank you for the follow.
:
Dat Awkward Moment When U Meet Somebody Off FB 4 The 1st Time  Dey Look Nut'n Like There Pics.......
WTF YOU UGLY PHOTOSHOP'N BTCH
I love all of your adorable and great Instagram pics!
Writing my first longformat magazine piece in a while.
Looking forward to using new doctorid recording app today for background interview
Stop by Zone for the next 10Minute talk on
I'm starving an all I have is gelato in my fridge.
Debating whether to brave this rain for Quality Meats or go home.
Worst playing calling I've seen in years.
OK, we will be doing 50 Rest dinner on Mon and Tues for one more week  so book now.
434 971 1800 Its on 2/20  21
Do you have issues with it displaying the wrong professorle pics next to the wrong people?
It's so confusing!
Banaji thinks our open society for immigration is what will keep US ahead!
India And China don't do this.
How we teach about usthem is key.
Big mistake by Brodeur.
Looks like the Devils are heading back to Jersey with the series on the line.
Trying to get all my work done so I can spend the day with Oscar!
What set 5Linx apart, I don't have to sell you something you are NOT already using...Internet, TV, Phone, it is just to easy
We are enjoying the offseason.
scoffs I need to,see that...
is on every track now lol
Just wait till tomorrow gorgeous.
Just slapped 's as.
livin' large.
Alright Rampage...lets go baby!!!
GET IT!!!!!
Being defeated is often a temporary condition.
Giving up is what makes it permanent.Marilyn Vos Savant
I may get to go to Rice again this summer!
:D
Hang with the climbers
RT : Let the hackathon commence.
Nice food for a start.
bigdataweek dsgh Data Science Hackathon is live now
Had a chance to stop by and check out the NHRA State Champions Quick Series on the way back from Ann Arbor.
Awesome time!
I'd love to hear more!
We're trying to get our reading apps in more classrooms.
How do BYOD programs acquire apps?
Break It down Yo!
:D
Don't Gain The World  Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Sliver Or Gold.
Bob Marley
Had a great show on Sat at Bway Comedy Club and ANOTHER great show Sun morning at Mikvah Yisroel in Springfield NJ!
Cooks wanted to play ska music....
in Spanish, didn't know it existed, and no it doesn't sound any better
Thanks!
Me too ;
lol it wasn't about you sweetie :3 Hehe.
I was talking to.this girl who is all, my gf treats me like shit but I can't leave her
I'm glad you joined Twitter to tell me that.
at least my sis surgery went well!
That amazing moment when you're sleeping with your true love.
MYiPhone :D
Goodbye Camp Quantico!
Hello Annapolis Naval Academy!
Headed to DC
FINALLY setup with Git and giving Tower a try.
Requirements for paid projects make the best incentives ;
Wonderful complement du jour: Good God you're an excellent wordsmith right out of a PR textbook.
Thanks so much!!
You don't know him to be able to gauge his emotions.
All that matters is he leaves it out on the court.
Charity concert tomorrow night in dallas brought to you by
lol I am the smartest kid in class
Understand your social graphics.
Understand your audience Jacqui Chew digidoy DMIS
Rite?
Hate to be one of those English professor, but can't help it.
In paper grading zone.
These I do.
But I hear them all the time!
HIV positive
glad i couldnt help make your day a little less bored then!
Take Me To Shogun Mix Master!
Jessica Simpson takes heat for pregnancy weight gain
That works for me!
Thinking Farmers Market...to start.
Before Christmas Break.
Loving, Fighting, Cuddling, Screaming, Whispers at night, Running Away, Hugging Tight, My Bestfriend, My Love..
My Everything
thanks for the follow.
Anyone want to do something next Thursday?
im that friend.
ok thx.
How'd u do
lmfaooo!
I can so hear u saying tht .
when I first wlked in the store I was like holy fuckxx ballz !
I'll be sure to pass the link your way.
Just put 1 foot in front of the other, and soon you'll be walking out the door!
Corny movie but that's my outlook on life.
1 step  a time
LOL :  for all the haters I just woke up!
I'm on my schedule not yours...
RT : Has anyone ever done a poster sale on your campus?
Who did you use?
lol, so true!
Haha!
I know that feeling...by the way I love your twitpic.
It feels so summeryy.
Haha!
At least some Dems might win.
My only wish is that i die real.
Thank you for participating in our Twitter chat last week!
Please DM us your addoctorss.
We would like to send you a prize!
:
Amtrak security dogs are raised for one year in prison by inmates.
I love background photo.
Every time I see it, it makes my day.
LMBO
Tell my mother, tell my father I've done the best I canTo make them realize this is my life.
i'm liking this tool, for sure...
wow!
Only thing I did on that field was smoke weed....lol  cut school
do u like 1 direction
RT They got us watching Reality Shows to distract us from the reality..
Lakers look overmatched tonight.
Welp, I guess it's time to hit the sack.
Nothing to see here.
I love WRTI
However, I remember very fondly that Arnold's love interest was named RUTH and not Lila.
My lil boo said she like random i love you text..when we get there...i fuckn died lol
Agreed.
I need y'all back in my life!
I need to find someone to go on a Megabus trip up to NYC to go to a Yankees day game sometime this summer.
Follow back please?
want a new car...
JD Byrider your only option..
FIX YA CREDIT with our affordable credit repair services
Quit that Tebow talk or will come looking for you!
what are the gun laws in Philly?
Is it still illeagal to shoot yourself in sweatpants?
Nice day for a web site launch?!?
i totally did that when I was little ha :
He still be givin me butterflies 
I love processed foods.
aren't the aha!
moments fun?
;
New tour dates posted w/ and In Dying Arms.
Check our Facebook for the dates.
More are coming very soon!!
Just keep it tucked in to your belt loop.
RT : Picking up an awesome cangrip for my beer at at sdmag woot!
I've been waiting for your call r u still out of mass?
Um, I used to go there...
A happy smiley face is all some people need.
RT : I love my team, man.
last night was one for the books.
Packing up for tonight's show.
Look out Treasure Island.
Great night at Converge21!
S.Rodoctorquez, , , and were used of God.
e21 USA.
is your menu online?
Happy Mother's Day to all of those wonderful Mom's out there for both childoctorn and fur kids!!
haha that too.
Dear mosquitoes, can u just go die or something?
sorry but im not a good singer and i didnt want to embarras myself
: you sir, have good music taste.
Take Action!!
;
Yeah!
THATCamp HBCU has a university account!
now we just need !
:
Good morning brotha!
ff Thanks for following!
Looking forward to your tweets!
Currently considering some impressive new manuscripts.
Racism and homophobia are disgusting  Fence sitters are cowards
: Dear School, Why aren't more like hogwarts?
awh, thank u :
you need to stop!!!
nahh just chilling and packing getting ready to move and shit
chicken burrito bowl with guac or what?
waiting for my slurpee
thanks for RT!
You don't know schlitz until schlitz knows you.
Man, Hong Kong is EXPENSIVE!
YAY!!
which theater?
A man should never be measured by his ability to speak, but rather by the message he speaks.
Elisha Hale
Thank you, for retweeting our post and helping our friends at Blue Water Baltimore!
3WordForYou : Shut up bitch
You are now being followed :
If you had an unlimited amount of free time this week, what would you be doing?
Did you hook me up or forget like always
Going to c avengers  4:25
The kids we neglect to teach FinancialLiteracy to now will one day be running this country and the world!
ImHappyWhen the person I like texts me first...
and IADMIT that I stop what I'm doing to read it
prayer after the game.
Unless Jesus said otherwise lol.
You can hear from God about teamwork,attitude, determination watching
A colleague at oxy said that Red Hot Chilli Peppers opened for his band in the early 80s
somewat my dude
Enjoyed an afternoon hike, followed by ice cream then window shopping  now xbox kinect.
Tonight movies  board games!
Love my boys.
Tell the hello and why didn't he stop by to see me?
I am crushed.
.Aye, i had Munchies .
get off my case .
Four units at Union Hills Square  50k SF retail strip  Loop 101  Union Hills  Sold for 3.9m or 73.55/SF by Wells Fargo
you cussed on here.
you know what that means
I have WAY too many emails..maybe if I ignore them they will go away?
POPEYES IS OPEN?!?
Big Sean said it best what's the perfect girl if it's not the perfect time
Wow, true Retina display; 4GLTE, A5 Quad Core, 1080p video.
Haven't heard of that.
My wife grew up RC, and her middle name is not Guglielmo.
RT : Eat avocados!
They contain potassium, monosaturated fats and are very high in fiber.
a goal now for us will kill City!
bc !
attack!!!
YES!
Look for the bowtie : i've made it somewhat of a personal goal to find sunday before the Vikings game
The more I checkin at Carl's Jr.
/ Green Burrito with the Happy Star Rewards mobile app, the more premium rewards I can win.
Pretty nice.
This movie good as fuck.
Called Cleaner
Great fireworks show!
creamed the Sound!
Way 2 go boys!!

BIB is good for everyday wine.
Tetra has to be heat sealed, so the integrity of the wine is compromised.
Pouch is ideal!
20012007 chrysler pt cruiser is most often in the shop for wheel problems, electrical problems and engine problems
Delayed flight or expanded reading time?
grapey is a wine word if you believe it is!
:
FF for all of your entertainment needs!
Finger surgery tomorrow.
Can't have food or doctornk after midnight or I'll turn into a Gremlin.
These two things may or may not be related
If you need something in the short term for your customers feel free to compare our white label DNS.
Alex when will you follow me?:/
What a beautiful day on SE Division Street!
Come in tonight for some fried chicken with a semolina waffle and clover honey
i wanna see her lol I love babies
i won't be sorry!
ill be at the state championship games doing PA
And we r 4th for bad style  2nd for worst hygiene...
DC has it all!!
RT: , thoughts: DC 1 of USA's vainest cities
Politics misses you.
no problemo!!!
you still performing in the minneap/st paul area?
I'm afraid I'm lost said happily would be interpreted as a fearful phrase, not an unusual declaration of excitement.
Showing up late on the first day of class BadLuck Be on Time Everyday
I really like Chasing the Sun.
rip
: WHAT UP WIT MY NIGGA ?What's Up Bro???
I need to catch up when I get home....not good?
Just booked , author of The Skeleton Box for Authors  The Teague, June 14, 2 p.m.
hey who would i have to get in contact with to do a photoshoot with you we have some mutual friends as well
your biggest fan loves the whole thing tell her you love her
Cuz She Ratchet
Don't forget to call of you want a reservation to the Offal Beer Dinner on Monday!
Time is running out!
I still think Celtics will be in round 2..
well, until Thursday
Early verdict on Miles Morales: race outrage is idiotic.
It's the age issue that's worth freaking out about.
He's, like,12!
Are you better off now than you were 4 years ago?
The topic's been on my mind with politics and all.
you don't like fruit?
If I didn't love you, I would have something very snippy to say to you right now jealous See you this evening!
Attending or working at the NRAShow?
Take 10 off a Segway tour of Chicago with show pass.
Call 312 5525100 for reservations.
It's feels like weekend :/
now, daughter, have no fear.I will do in your behalf whatever you ask, for all the celders of my townc know what a fine woman Torah 65/99
Hate being 2 hrs behind!RT:Alright party peopleWho do YOU think wins athome prize?BiggestLoserBL13finale bl13,bl13finale
Band camp, then German camp, then U of M PsTL classes..what next?!
Can it get better?
u can only choose one...
Do you know how many ounces of water you've had by now?
Are you keeping track?
Oh by the way, go ahead and doctornk some more...
I'm goin' all out at KimColes Bday night.
I'm livin' n the fast lane by ordering a 7up...
with ice BABY!
yolo is for memorable and once in a lifetime things not weird things that you do everyday
Should I bench Michael Turner to insert both Roy Helu and Beanie Wells into my lineup???
super excited for the MeekMill after party on the 22nd !!
Pretty Pretty Please with cherries on top
What if a guy got the OLLG ticket?, awkward turtle.
Lookin forward to a great NFC championship game 49ers hopefully against the
Your Welcome 
Frustrating, isn't it?
I am down at the Kentucky Derby this weekend.
Shoot me questions if you want the inside scoop
we're having a small issue with the schedule.
We're working on it :
I'm single
Well Vegas It's been fun!
Now it's time to catch a flight.
I AM LifeVantage!
:
An amazing Christmas was just topped off with a Laker loss!
BOYS:NEVER EVER HIT HER
haha!
I know!
I'm gonna get back into a bit when I have free time I think.
:
Up early walking the 
Naked Harry...
Been going strong since 5am, now it's time for a power nap  breakfast then jumping right back into this writeathon.
Idk what it is about Glee lately, but it's got me all emotional...lol smh
Went to Cannon BeachUncle lived in Eugenewe lived in Idaho.spent lots of time watchng whales.My mama was into
take my Burgerville virginity tonight?
I'm feelin' ample amounts of fries I think.
I was your friend when no one liked you
We love it!
RT : I could get used to this.
Watching the Lakers lose to Denver from my Ritz comfy bed.
Nice pass iggy.
Benefits of Mobile Notary
Just made some chocolate cake with German recipe, nonfunctioning metric scale and whole lot of gut feeling...
Let's see how it turns out!
today was good, honestly.
Thanks, hun.
Let's get another win tonight!
just been looking at our pics from last spring in Highgate...
I miss you!x
Love you!
Kg said ugh!
Holy smokes  I'm sweating.
It is so hot in this office!
totally missed it the first time lol.
Clever.
I wanna thank u for the song MyBrother.
I lost my big bro 2/25/12  that's the first song I play every day.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Miami!
VAMPERIFICA has signed one of the Best in the Biz's Ronna Wallace as its' Agent 4 domestic sales
I love mister Cranky!
Happy to keep him alive at :
: Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, but about leaning to dance in the rain...
Unknown author
Audoctory, How is your day going?
Why did I buy a house again?
it's not the cholesterol that concerns me.
Maybe you should start guard duty with fruit
She likes roller coasters.
We.
Portland, I may hate your team, but I love your city...
Come to PDX and I'll take you fine ladies to the VolksWaffle: A Volkswagen van w/ gourmet waffles  toppings
And once again you have succeeded at pissing me off...
congratulations.
Only those who truly believe in you can come close to the passion you truly feel about yourself as an Artist!!!PEACE
i love you:
how have you been?
Well says if you don't care about the answer, don't ask.
Related to a person's actual life  good.
There is so much money in your data
Shannon Sharpe got doctorssed in the dark today.
I LOVE THE INVERTER SLINGSHOT AND CHAOS I ONCE LOST MY GLASSES ON THE ROLLERCOASTER THEY FELL IN THE WATER RIDE LOL
Hope you're feeling better??
Singing with your headphones in  not realizing how loud you are
don't f with K.Jesus Man!
He's got a whole bunch of shit going on!
..
like all that Korean shit!
My mom said I heard doctorkes Breath Stink Gz , lmao .
Hockey players join today and show your skills off for MU in PA there is a coach looking for talented players post your professorle and highligh
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which...
stopping at Tulsa...on our way to Kansas!
My day was good: How was yours?
Text Me : p
Its not me its you
So frustrating when you finally have some quantitative data, yet not the quantitative data that you need to make a decision.
Moar data!
this made my night!
Thankyou so so much 3
Giving away a pair of Features big room passes very soon.
Tune in now for a chance to get up close and personal on 5/7!
me too.
Let's meet sometime soon!
No I ain't broken, but I, I need a fix, that satisfaction when I, get my kiss, I'm up all night, I'm not in sight, don't turn on the light,
Michael Jackson Changed Our Lives really?
did he?
really?
sad!
why is this trending?
just had a jacks pizza, really took me back to our childhood, actually a year ago
The season finaly was AWESOME  I'm so excited for Season 2, I just wish that I didn't have to wait almost a year :
you win big at DB?
Happy Friday tweeps!!!
What does your weekend look like?
Anyone going to a concert, skiing, or someting you would like to share?
We're with ya on that one!
: RT Idc the BEST tampico juice ever , is the MangoPunch 3
What a great day with my baby mama love her with my heart nice wanna go night night
Today's MOCA Specials: Soup of the day is corn chowder.
Sugar free lemonade is cucumber mint.
Good morning NYC!!
The Wailing Casting this coming Friday.
ripple for iPad coming soon!
Plus a whole new look for ripple.
I miss the old me.
The me that you were a part of.
You will have to check with the owner on Craigslist
glad you enjoyed them.
Thank you!
I Hate argueing with People.
I mean you can come write this speech in Spanish for me if you please...
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday weekend!
It's a beautiful day out on Alamitos Bay!
Come enjoy a ride!
If I just stumbled upon the person I think I found on the Internet...time has not been very nice to that person.
S/O to the bro ...
Happy 21st bday breh love you uce !!
I wish we could..
im already knowing!
keep up the good work pimp, fellow PAKALITE!!!!
and whatever i can do to help you get where you're going
Bored?
Put some music on and dance!
sleep alabama
Catering a Party?
Save 25 by mentioning this tweet  www.patrickscatering.com
i am excited,going for soundcheck now w my boys before the big perfomance in a couple of minutes.yipeeeee.Crazy4God.
This is good.
We need the Lakers to lose this and the next game.
Depending on the matchup, we'll need Artest back in the lineup.
go for it!
Yiu will make a lot of .
Everytime I laugh I start having a coughing fit.
Missed talking to you gurl how've you been ?
:
oomf needs some penis.
I think they'd be much happier with life.
And when will you be posting a link?
Looking forward to it.
RT : When should the magazine be out?
'He's 18' ??
Oh please.
Be more creative, come on you're BELIEBERS!
Listening to min wage debate, opponents keep comparing unemployment since previous hike to current rate.
Non sequitur argument.

wow!
what happened?
I like the Tuesday happy hour.
Cheap wings
Tonight should be all about Dick Clark, Billions respected him, we hope everyone knows just how very special he was in life.
video shoot right fast wit
Kid feel bad, but i'm white.
So.
See you soon!
I will be back in a little bit.
WhatIReallyMeantWas ......I am going to the golf course and don't call me.
It will be 5 hours.
we design them and had print them.
lol!
I know right!
It seems that way haha!
X not without my puppy makeup!
Lol
'Im glad I spent a bit more on these flats, so much comfy than cheap ones I usually buy.
to Bianca's pool party.
I invited y'all last week!
Rubio is amazing
if you want to share it with me use the school cl account .edu.
Or stop in today during qrt.
yep//:: Bottom line: okstate had greatest, most exciting season in school history and .009 BCS pts doesn't change that.
read doctorcula, now you should too!
And she's a Snowboarder!!
I'm running out of Points to add to The Nina Scale!
Google Bets 20000 You Can't Hack Chrome
I Need A Real Girlfriend One To Tell My Life Too Someone Who Gne Understand
What's your thoughts regarding the Martin case not going to the Grand Jury?
You are so welcome!
Happy to hear you had an awesome time.
We will pass along to the Helix team.
Hope to see you soon again!
Good luck!
Have you thought about playing volleyball in college?
RT:: Great volleyball practice.
Hope I made varsity.
Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself.
U like bloodforpoppies ?
I love!
...kinda similar
Fuck the Rangers
Ah technology.
Thanks to Remote Desktop my work today is spectacularly sedentary.
Just got home from the mall.
Hahaha a stupid Chinese guy was staring at mIne and Korbyn's butt.
Text us.
Shoutout to  GO FOLLOW HER!!
shes a great role model : RTRT
tangential note: I had a Twitter exchange with the furry organization earlier today.
Weird!
Im a dork, i embarress my friends, im funn and crazy and i just dgaf but thats why they love me: 
Just received word our lifesize Pat Gillick cutout has resigned from his role as interim GM.
We wish it the best in its future endeavors.
A pink sunrise this morning.
Magnificent.
Fuckkk this Research Paper
We miss em!
RT:How McCoy wasn't taken as top5 NFL pick, I'll never know?
The kid's a flat winnerlooking gr8 against my NYJets
: Amazing feeling : when the person you miss randomly texts you.
turn around bright eyes thatisall
Thats why we are here!
To help you in this new endeavor.
Sign up at www.buybobnow.com.
It will be useful to you very soon!
K Falkenberg of the LA Times wins the Prize for Photojournalism for photo essay on lasting toll of recession.
If you like college sports, follow He lives in TN and always has something good to say.
I want to start mixing on tables and I just wanted some advice or something on what to start out on
Check out www.saynplay.com for great speech therapy game
Off to Zepyhrhills to do some stilt walking and juggling!
sweet, get those nucleus accumbens!
I saw u across the room but was bashful: I might see about sending my FABlab teacher there instead of staying with us
Thank you!
06!
you still up?
Hey!
There you are winter.
Fashionably late.
Man, is the TRUTH!
He is killing it.
Heat fans, don't buy those finals tickets yet.
Celtics might just sing the East
Omg.
Newsies on Broadway.
Heidi, age 7, would be psyched.
Why is the one section of this document I can't make out the only section that doesn't show up in the crosscheckable version?
What's the best way to deal with work related stress?
NeedIdeas, Thanks!
We're celebrating one year of fighting childhood obesity in GA.
The Gymanimals Black Tie anniversary bash!
free market only contribute to eliminate poverty as an unintendedconsequence professorT/GREED is its value, not a value to build a nation
Looking forward to recording tomorrow.
Gonna put em all down and have the fans pick what goes on the EP this summer.
RejectedPickupLines is that your finger or mine?
Imma try this shit and see how it goes....
Have a foxy trip back home Alicia!
:
Good Morning Twitter
i had mexican....i don't think either of our options are on the plan lol
You just did it!
lol
10 OFF meal w/ doctornk purchase at Po Boys!
Only w/ a
Johnny Depp was on Ellen today, and I missed it :
I was getting really into Game of Thrones until I realized it was really just the new Chronicles of Narnia movie.
May the 6th Be with you.
France.
The Gordita Crunch is a taco wearing a gordita.
Hence the whole Silence of the Lambs reference.
I think the taco is new.
Chicago Bulls ya'll lost to Philly??
They only scoring at the most 80 points per game.
lol yeah it sucks when that happens.
I wld normally go 2night cause I put.mine off also but think I'm gonna wait.
re: portraits  Dear God I hate crappy writing, and that one smells like a month old blue crab from the bay...
Luke Bryan's pelvic thrusting  EVERYTHING
text me.
The Ring of Fire!
Don't care who's injured, PensCaps will always get my blood flowing.
Yogaone of the best overall workouts you can do.
Message me and I'll explain why it needs to be in your weekly routine.
going to adopt a pet tomorrow ...
not sure what kind yet
Congrats to our friend on her feature for Indiana Female Focus.
Look for her next week on
I know but I just honestly don't feel good enough to be able to do all of that sigh
dude your twitter name is  hard to believe you were raised w/ any class.
Just pardon yourself.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Hellen Keller
I think one of the local PG Co libraries has a local history room, a good place to start for
While others deal with a Nor'easter, we'll just lounge by the pool.
What do you do on a beautiful day?
I mean...
How could you not?
M I want a fruit cup now
no facebook, no.
i DO NOT want to subscribe to ryanseacrest.
NO
The conforming 30year fixedoctorte mortgage declined to 4.181 percent from 4.230 percent
i have prep to do for my first day of teaching tomorrow...
but a nap sounds like such a good idea...
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Leon Tolstoi
So basically they killed He Is We.
Wtf.
..
Downsides of the music industry.
Signing a 100 prints.
Anyone want to float at 1pm?
2 Last minute cancellations!
Call the shop if you ant to get in!
503.384.2620
Youtube videos please!
:D
I'm babysitting...lol were playing school
it's ok I'd wait till you don't wait for 45 minutes in line.
If you order online, go in early, have your food made fresh
Hair Color Match Your Outfit Everyday
Looking like The Dallas Mavericks are going to watch the NBA Final sitting on their sofa.
Go OKC Thunder send them home.
Eww !
There were two pigeons next to me :O
WORD!
gaol is totes ridick RT : Pronouncing it wroth is almost as annoying and pretentious as spelling it gaol
Have you seen my Zombie??
good night.
I love you.
xx
your so fake why are you trying to be someone your not?
Enjoy your day  greetings from Europe!
The new ECMC Farmers Market is getting better each week.
400 visitors last Friday, half from the hospital and half from the neighborhood.
Great stuff!
Well, I'm going to Teen Hoot, and my parents wouldn't pay for a concert AND Teen Hoot, all in one summer.
As long as she brings my shirt we'll be golden.
;
good tip!
Thank you.
I'll try some physical activity today.
See if that works.
RT : Hebrews 11 verse 6.
It is impossible to please God without ducks.
Thank for the RT
The Hallmark commercial that everyone has something they need to hear is actually lifeinspiring rather than sachrine.
Kudos!
I HATE when you all don't know the difference between TO and TOO 
The Bible is meant to be bread for daily use, not cake for special occasions.
Oh!
i hadn't realized that Maurice Sendak was gay.
How interesting!
not a touchdown call but game changing play under 2 minutes.
Should be reviewable from the booth in my mind.
Thank you soo much for following us!
plz Help us reach 700 followers at the end of this  month we will send you some doctornks!!
my phone is slow ;
I had just been thinking of you!
I finished 508!
Whoa...if you are free soon  let me know, I will come meet you
Aye; FollowBack?Please:
Some of us R on the Come Up that's why people go Who then they say that's the real thing when they listen...
: Dear sweatpants  hoodies, thanks for being there for me.
Sincerely, I'm sexy  I know it, but too lazy to show it.
Of course, love that line at the end.
Sent post to my girlfriend.
Her response: Ex malo bonum.
What a big change in fuel economy that will be!
Totally going to get an hour of sleep!
Awesome!
hey, is your birthday today?
Haha
But it's messing with my sense of self all the same.

all of the above!!!
; hey boo thang!
i'm just sitting here in class, thinking about giving you a s/o ; hahaa.
I love you  can't wait to chill.
Ditto.
Great turnout in Indy for Big Tens!
good to see you today!
How 'bout adding the East Side Shuttle to NextBus??
DC tomorrow to look for housing!
Still kinda bummed that I missed smcpbc!
It seems like everyone had a blast!
I def want to make it to the next tweet up!
This weather is not poppin..
Rain rain go away and never come back!
the 2nd thing is turns into gushy fan What a trip 2 actually talk 2 u I LOVE your work!.evatalk to McNichol?
no, i'm not trying to be sexy...this is a snapshot of me saying 'hi suggie' to my dearly departed feline friend.
Ha!
You too?
Then observe what comes forward.
What is your experience?
What do you feel?
See?
Hear?
Know?
Then honor yourself by acting on this wisdom.
Love is so blind it feels right when it's wrong
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Jim Rohn
WR Rueben Randle showing Giants he's NFLready
how did we not know?!
RT In VA, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.
balls deep tho?
I think Billups can slide over for 20 mpg  he's decent guarding 2's and he scores primarily from 3PT  FT.
hey did you get my text?
The class is Friday sorry about that aare you going to work tomorrow?
Just a few more days to get your Thors light tee for only 12  !
So come on down!
www.tshirtcontest.com
I was a bit afraid to click on the picture link behind your last tweet
And when were you planning to inform me of that?
Also, I work at 6:30 Saturday morning so...
Back in the ICT!!
I'm guessing you can't see my smileys!
You don't have an iPhone?!
Lol
is amazing!!!
Go follow her!
She got awesome tweets!!
Kay thnx

Nice big ham in the oven
So excited to get my first direct order for an article, with two more right behind it!
Great way to wind up the week.
:
I just got an email from myself.
Spam tactic or is someone sending emails from me spamming others?
Oh, yes.
Managing consumer credit, pragmatism about school debt, and how much does a car really cost?.
Please email
I need to start eating breakfast
RT : The Bahamas are great, but only a passing fancy in the face of my epic love for Houston.
Love always trusts
Pride is this weekend..
I'm excited!!!
ThatAwkwarMoment when you have to find an empty aisle at the store to fart in.
RT : GatorNation gatorssoftball Good luck this week!!!
You can do it!!!
Go Gators!!!
How did I miss at during the sxsw ??
I gotta floss my cat, so he won't stick.
Awesome to be able to tune into umwfa12 welcome from home.
Such an exciting program coming up!!
Oh Mexican Coke, no border fence could keep us apart.
scholasticbowltournemant ...bout to nerd it up.
;
Hates the job.
Stressed out.
RT : BREAKING: Funeral tomorrow, Sat Oct29 11am.
RIP: 1st Amend  Our voices wait to join you.
i look good with and maybe
Can you please follow me back?
Hehe!:
RT : Q1: MDA study of medicare registry may have included patients who were not good candidates for APBI
Fav question so far: what experiences transcend age levels.
You know it's Hump Day when your cubicle feels like a padded cell without a door!
I hate being addicted to cigarettes lol

While, not with, rather.
In either case, that series has a weird obsession with exactly that.
Not even w/ hoodoctort friends.
tonight on the HotFacebook5At8 OrderUp for it starts NOW!
Keep Track as counts down!!
did you have Fun?
Please follow me Alex!
Been waiting soo long.You  light up my world like nobody else3
Good things happening for SS LLC!
Possible first contract offer!
Get details next week :D
Congrats to for the great start today...that's the Hughes we know and love
Vote early and vote often.
You need no polish; just the willingness to fly and trust your authenticity.
Lee Glickstein
hello, i see your a management company and if you need any professorssional photography done for your artist please let me know
: Meek Mill Amen is the best song out right now.
Listened to it at least 50 times...nigga...yess
hate this weather :
The pools are open, the sports books are packed.
Vegas is rocking!
Rangers rangers rangers!!
Amazing Last Minute Deals Under 200.
Includes Flight,Hotel,Taxes  Fees!
Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com click under: Great Travel Deals
Definitely pulling for the NUGS!
I agree the matches were great, the main event was just weird and sting is badass champion.
hope alls well!
:
IT ARRIVED!!!!!!!!!!!
DYING!
It is just incredible!
Loved reliving it!
Not gonna lie, kind of very sad regisphilbin won't be on live with regis and kelly anymore....
I might have shed a tear.
lol no I'm fine!
But Mariah might.
Suppose I'm part of Lexington's sedentary problem because I saw Lex mentioned on while laying on my couch.
Ha!
I'm allergic to cats.
If I do that then I'll get itchy and I won't be able to breathe...I don't think that will make me happy :0
I know I am probably just influenced by yesterday and today's events, but I thought the whole thing was a little homoerotic.
Thanks for the love, !
RT : Happy Humpday Love from Sookie
freekatstacks Please follow me
says pop and musical theater merging together, excited for his role on fourth episode of Smash
Woo hoo!
: Woo hoo for my bracket!
So is an extreme leftist for supporting the mandate the supported in the 90's.
Do I have that right?
My conference is complete, I got the tshirt.
Thanks
My knee is seriously so messed up..
Lake Harriet Community School Book Fair is about to kick off!
Some of the proceeds benefit the school!
Come swing by!
S/O to , my family, business, my team ...
Thee company!!
But the question is, how many times will you have to pee afterwards?
all those gross horny gays online, i suppose.
lol
It has been a very productive day  wonderful night.....now I need mucho sleep D
Amen!
It's not cute to Be a Carbon Copy of someone else!
GOD made you unique  special!
People need to Embrace that!
Never to early to start working for it!!!
I'm ALL OVER that!!!
Thanks so much for all your support!!!
Acting for justice is what makes democracy better.
Most Americans are decent people who want to make America better.
Hey it's Becky  Health Expert  I'll be online for the next 30 minutes to answer your health and wellness ?'s!
bears.
Bunch of Kens.
Party just started !
Where you at Vegas!
I feel like I'm doctorving a soccer mom car....
easy my ass
Clean looking good and grippin wood.....
I am the opposite of sexually attractive.
RT : BTW, the Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here DM's ARE FUCKING ANNOYING.
doctorving to Flagstaff sunday morning to deliver 2 MP originals to a new client!
I hope to see some SNOW!
The things that come out of people's mouth.
What did Mason do this time?
hahah probably not but they totally should!!
Dear Lord, I am thankful that it's Friday and I am working in Retina, but please help me to keep my foot out of my mouth today; thanks!
Annoyed and now i can't sleep.
Mann I Love It Whenn i take H O T bath's They Are The Best , They Get YOur Life Together : 
snap your finger off?
Hah I wanna know the story with them ears hah.
Send me a dm
sorry, following you now  I get behind on my twittering.
Do you know anyone else with logopenic aphasia?
Gotta get this work done before its time to play tonight...
Great day of giving out toys and clothes to 1000 homeless childoctorn!
grateful for all that we have.
going to downtown again so hello I missed my account so how's everyone?
Uh, yeah.
NO THANK YOU!
Sounds like E85 is over.
Appreciate you sharing.
We're swamped with fantasy content at that time.
Honestly hadn't thought about it.
Keep me in loop.
The Town was an amazing movie.
Worth the .
hahaha, I got bored.
Lmao.
Yes, Men  oranges.
RT : As I get older, ny thoughts become grossly inappropriate
what's up man?
Still touring with curreny?
I'm already here!
:' very heart breaking...
The hot dog vendor  mother of 4 insists she's not a prostitute, just a stripper.
I watch the news so you don't have to.
Scared money dont make money
Finally.
Now you can get back to tweeting.
you're breaking my balls
Listening to Justin Bieber.
: One of the Best Artist's .
I'll be there with a shiny new promotion this summer haha hoping to see u there man.
....genuinely scared by ppl on My Crazy Addiction.
There's a girl addicted to doctornking gasoline.
GASOLINE!!
Feed the car  not urself!
One I overlooked on my feared retired NFL dead pool, Owens, Favre, and Tiki Barber  the 'can't miss broadcaster' who missed...
Estee Lauder uses ratings and reviews to be deployed into other channels and use them to go from products to stories
Bitch I'm off life
you can't buy my love with action figures.
or can you?
Wow how bout that sick left handed Finish By Bron tho.
Laying down like red carpet, so you can walk right over them.
so fresh
What zzup Guys!!: I go to Six Flags with my tteam 1E!!
YEE this one in MEXICO!!so exited:D
is such a refreshing addition to the show.
The more I watch the more I like her.
Nice!
Look forward to seeing you guys at the shoot tomorrow :
yeah, it was pretty awesome.
i'll try to doctoram you in there next time.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Up like staying here up?
JD and the Muppets is clearly the best Christmas album ever, but Leon Redbone runs a close second.
Going to see the latest Ice Age Movie with the kids...
S/O To Wud Up Doe?
I'm in the mood for a bubblecake cupcake and starbucks coffee
Heard while installing exhibit: What surprises me is that the women are doing things.
I would have thought the men did it.
Thanks.
Sometimes being a bitch is necessary.
hahaha i love you!
Come visit!
My Career Guru told me there are no such things as problems.
There are only challenges.
Okay, but these challenges are a real problem.
I wonder what hes doing..
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
And to top this day off, I can't stop sneezing!
Yo I swear I've sneezed a hundoctord time since I woke up!
Stupid Allergies:
Congress Effectively Outlaws Protests Anywhere Secret Service Deems Off Limits  Following lead of Totalitarian regimes?...
Branding is more than just a log or a tagline...it's the reputation of your business
what was the result?
Repair?
Damn girl.
Your always doing something.
:
So proud of my good friend, on his new gig Take 'em down, Andy!
RT : Soaring.
Tumbling.
Freewheeling.
Luv IT!
Of course!
Kid, you sound so desperate oh my lord.
Let me punch you in the face.
US Airways, American Airlines merger would mean higher prices
At the TCFmister expert panel, advice to students  residents: Say yes to all training opps.
You'll be glad you did once out in practice
Hey, you know that chivk your always tweeting about?
You should date her already:
Its St.
Patrick's day eve and its raining.
Maybe a little Bailey's in the morning coffee won't hurt
Going to a pumpkin patch with Laura!
So excited!!!!
knows his hockey!
Happiness is amazing staff  a mind blowing breakfast at the Courtyard by Marriott here in Dallas TX!
Headed to the Cowboys game today Yay!
No, no!
That's Nanda's choice to make!
:P
Holy Bachelorettes Batman!
We are packed with the ladies right now!
but ebanks makes up for that by being a better offensive player
Just thumbing through some code and thinking, who the hell thinks like this?!
El Cajon Councilman Bill Wells commends the police and fire departments in El Cajon for their work during last week's blackout
Free screen cleaning when you mention twitter.
Offer expires Jan.
30, 2011.
Call for free estimates.
5058810582
Totally agree hadi megan fox got nothing on her
Bride Wars!
Happy birthday !!
Put a smile on!!
It's a new day!
I told God I'd be back in a second.
Man it's so hard not to act reckless!
Damn suddenly iTouch screen looks hell small.
Haha
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
I love the sound of storms.
Like the sounds of rain and thunder are so relaxing.
Shouts out to the hardest working man in Protection Services, my client praised your work ethic...SmOove aka Big Rich
If clothes didn't exist would we eat so terribly?
I just followed them
Joe Haigh a head coach!?!
What!?!?
Congrats man....just heard!!!
My swag so complicated

RT : Your welcome .
RT : All I can say is thank you..
For everything you've done .
New Orleans could be really interesting.
Explaining to the cultural significance of Mars' unified Almond Joy/Mounds advertising campaign.
It involves singing.
i got a track i want u 2 hear..
need a new beat for it..
n its not mixed..
its a good concept too..can i email it 2 u
New friends, where'd you go?
SSA's 235foot freight boat Katama collided with a lobster boat.
Coast guard helicopters were searching for boat.
This is the 51st anniversary of Willie Mays hitting four home runs at Milwaukee County Stadium...
you're welcomee : is that your booski?
I LOVE weddings, mainly to doctorss up, get doctornk and dance all night.
Going to McDonalds for a Salad is like going to a Whorehouse for Hugs!!!
angola scholar doctor Weik has worked to tell other chapters in african amer history.
Absolutely no one benefits from me being up this early...
Fuck it though.
I'm happy 
Be Proud of where your from...find out who you are and be it!
RT Great day in London.
Doctor who thing, pedalo on the serpentine.
Popped into harrods for cake.
Now at hotel.
San Diego event you don't want to miss!
Today  2 p.m.
join Mayor Sanders, and Marine Corps  Miramar Landfill groundbreaking
good job!
Rentals thx for the mention.
Thnx too for the great Bike Dates!
bit.ly/wUZmdZ
Tomorrow is never guaranteed, would u be satisfied?
Hey play that Tipsy ft
In rest of today's action: Missouri upset Baylor in a game that ended in penalty kicks.
Then Oklahoma State just downed OU 10 on late goal.
Just saw run by with the 7:49 pace leader ILmarathon 14 miles in!
it is!
pines
x x x
Naturally, after seeing Project X, Ivy's reaction was to assume I was plotting a blowout party designed to demolish her house.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom ever, I don't know what I would do without her!!
I love you mommy.3 :
Never knock on deaths door: Ring the door bell and run
lol don't do that..
Then I won't be able to enjoy ur beauty in my mentions lol :
What ever you do u got to fit in a Chicago Dog!
STunning show at Bowery Ballroom this past weekend.
sorry I: RT : She pops in my mind when I listen to  Hpw To Hate by Lil Wayne and its just funny cause every lyric of that
Black FriCyber Mon Incredible 50 discount PTPA for 123GoTV Help Your Kids Keep Fit.
USE PTPA on BUY page at checkout.
There's really nothing on earth like seeing your favorite song performed live.
I hope everyone gets to experience that one day.
Congrats and see you tonight on your special day :
Why is Santa already hanging out at Americana?
It's only fitting that the Eagles signed Damaris to a free agent deal.
Tease.
RT It sure is, Jennifer!
Come on in, we can hear those beignets calling your name!
Guess who's happy:  is on for another week?Maybe is on an extended assignment,huh?
thank you for following us.
aw that sucks!
I hope you feel better soon:
Omg its taking forever to park at the hardoctorck!
Ugggghhh!
I can feel Tyra Banks sucking out my last few brain cells.
WTF is all this booty tooch mess?!?
I mean really!
thanks, was fun!
cmon over to the party tonight if you're not slammed!
3
Can't sleep!
People keep sending me what are called virus links...
you should get your computer checked.
; just saying.
It looks like a lot of tweeps are excited about frozen yogut coming to Brady St!
ik bub thts y im not joining a gang
all the day
Envision is the perfect title for what we have here ...
ES helps students envision what they will become
OH COOL WHICH ONE IS IT ?
I'm listening to it via Stitcher Radio as I type this.
Looks like I'll be doing some Amazon shopping via your website!
I see.
At the nutcracker ballet.
The girls luv it.
Me?
I think for straight males it is aptly named!!!!!!
hey add me on FB
thanks anyway
I love cat videos
No.
They're being made to throw tons of pitches in games where it's not necessary.
The house always wins.
Especially when the house own the dice.
Congratulations on your 2012 Music Award nomination for Hold Me.
Caught the end of Amilya Antonetti's speech  excited for rest of lineup!
are you kidding?
I want one!!!
mla12 s442 Houser linking dataviz project to Blood Meridian by way of description as mastery
haha how special.
I thought they were limited in their tool selection.
And I probably wouldn't have thought of that, no.
:
What would you do if i told you that a la la la la la laa!!
The Cab 3
Sumtimes i wonder how things sound in other ppl's head  how different they are from mine
doing this paper on how my ancestors immigrated to america makes me want to do one thing.
play oregon trail.
if my patents don't kick me off the Internet by then, I will!
Lol :
I was going to stop napping but then it started to rain.
Satuday SPECIAL If you're already a MEMBER, purchase a SANTA BAG all day today for 39.99 and you'll receive one FREE month of upgrades!
damn.
I'm having a back pain right now.
So tired.
Tomorrow is my enrollment.
Hope I'll have a chance to meet them.
School time again!
Yes I am the sh Tell me do it stank AAP
U are the freakin' best:
Calling all heros.
Wake up.
Kill yourself.
sick man
I'm gonna stop procrastinating one of these days tho...
like maybe tomorrow or next week...
Of course, I've got hope.
What the hell else would I have, dumb dumb?
RT John Fox era starts with hope vs.
Raiders on MNF...
RT : I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.Albert Einstein
thanks  same to you!
Have a great weekend.
RT: Technically due to the fact Trunks is half Saiyan he can't achieve SS4 so I wouldn't really consider him a Monkey.
we DON'T play...
When is going to get things right and have you star in a movie.
Then i would go see one of theres
Heading to Humble, TX for a trash haul.
Give us a call if you have junk to be hauled away in the area!!
4649200
trying to make it happen I gotta meeting with my people from Atlanta on the 19th
Headaache all day , now gotta finish this stupid project .
I wish I could kick the teachers face !
Partners  Napier is helping us w/it as part of their pro bono project this year.
Thanks though :
I'm fantastic
Gasol  Bryant are the 2nd best scoring duo in the league.
Yep, Gasol sucks so the Bulls don't need him.
o I'm blowin loud right meow!
hooray!
for fun afternoons.
NEVER FULLY depend on Humans....I'm just saying......FULLY depend on GOD:
been studying since 11:00.
Off to take a nap so I can wake up and study more.
AirBud's fans are gracious in victory MT hope the great GeorgeBudinger debate of 2012 doesn't turn ugly.
When People Stop Talking About You,Good Or Bad.
Thats when you worry!
is it real now, when two people become one?
So I came to school to find out my only class of the day is cancelled.
Great!
Or a sugar daddy ;
Discovered 2 things about Cinco de Mayo today: America celebrates it 4 diff reasons than Mexico  It is not Mexican Independence Day
oh, ROTFL, duh, hehehe!!!
im on that stuff 4 real
R5 is killing it right now!
YO!
This nigga Metta World War is a nightmare!
He might get suspended the rest of season and playoffs
it wong let me ...
says i followed too many ppl today / .....
i dont get it ...
i will as soon as i can tho i promise
Let me know when you peep the whole project out, oh yeah you can hear every track on cdbaby too...Orphanz
Dear SteveJobs, Thank you for everything.
RIP Jae Sent from iPhone
nothing tricky bout it...Kansas get it together for the love of God!
Glory be to Jesus!
And Hallelujherrrr too!
Now you wanna talk to me?
Fuck outta my face nigga.
but yeah..
Umm good beer over Smirnoff any day
Bruins abnormally sloppy with the puck today.
Showing signs of missing Nathan Horton and need to ramp it up.
Teaching and interviewing and grading, oh my!
did u mean there's a second floor or just the hallway with a second section?
Looking for suggestions of epiblishers, indie or otherwise, who are accepting submissions.
Anyone have recommendations?
Come on Blackhawks, look alive out there!
RT : Maybe one day we'll wake up,  this will all be a doctoram.
k.
let me know.
i have some time sunday afternoon.
was gonna take mom shopping in the evening maybe is all
; better be alright.
So much on my mind right now
girls fall for niggas to fast ,
I've tastes it before.
It's used quite a bit in baking in Scotland.
I love the stuff.
Brothers Don't forget, Secret Santa present exchange is on Sunday!
watching degrassi , yup im cool xD
What the hell is what?
:
Wow!
The Korean Zombie has to be one of the most exciting fighters in the UFC.
How can you not love and root for this guy?
who needs to buy or sell a house,
I wish I could explain to you how I felt, because every night before I go to bed, you're all I think about.
Well, I think poetry might've served me a B.
Ima victim of my own kind wea da weed at
I know personality counts too but LetsBeBlunt the way you doctorss/look determines if ima talk to you or not.
But even if you dissed me, I ain't mad.
of course it's TRUE!!
I love you guys : and wittle jack :
Sitting in the Dallas airport.
Guy next to me phone rings.
Ringtone is Half Time.
Stand up and get crunk!
you say:  I am in love with you 
Sometimes I forget I have one lol
prom blows dick
haha i am a lazy prick at heart!
I asked my wife for my birthday and she thought i was joking..
slippers go on right when i
thanks for choosing us for your dinner spot!
We hope you enjoyed it!!
How bout you  your, girl gimme double head!
you asked me like you was on something
TODAY 45pm ET: partners w/ for LIVE Twitter Chat for National Childhood Abuse Prevention Month!
If it is to be it is up to me.
I can't remember exactly the process, but we did that one year.
I pretty much can't eat beef or pork or any other cute animals anymore, the way they're treated is just fucked up.
there's a joke here about Berlusconi's girlfriends, but I can't quite formulate it...
you saying is music to my ears lol
Just realized I don't work next Monday.
Best day ever!
I literally have nothing to do.
Nothing.
This week of school is a joke.
That movie was boss
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...3
If BMX gets cancelled tomorrow from all this rain I'm going to be depressed :/
I am sorry about the delay.
We have our Annual Shareholders Meeting tomorrow followed by a Board of Directors meeting.
No better feeling in the world than seeing a DJ quote one of your song's lyrics in a post on their Facebook page!
Thx
I know haha bad sister
Haven't we pretty much established a 10 year avg pattern of DOW 12000 and NASDAQ 2500 at this point?
What's the best free antivirus?
AVG let something through.
now following 2 of my favorite baseball players because they can hit and make webgems in the field and
Feeling like shitttt
that's a classic.
basically....so now i cant lock my door but i still do side eyes
that song remind me of the times I had back home!!
RT Exercise is a dirty word...
Every time I hear it, I wash my mouth out with chocolate
Lt for both us
do yall think i can doctorve 20 hours straight
LOCAL COLLEGES: Rowan University women39;s lacrosse wins nailbitter against doctorw
so twin twitter is acting wierd on us 
I actually asked Battle for an intern.
Turns out that's a no go.
Ewww country music and unfitted jeans
No sleep til Wednesday.
No monkey tears.
Double up on five hour energy, charge the banana and refill the magic flask.
This is Mardi Gras.
Now if that joker never picks up the phone and its always you, he's not thinking about you or into you so head off to the next one:
Good win to end the reg seas!
Makes me feel good bout tourney and March.
: FINAL: Indiana 85, Purdue 74 iubb
This town has lies to tell.
Apparently, Antonio Cromartie missed class the day of the Birds and Bees lesson.
Maybe someone should fill him in.
how we can socially curate that content...
I agree , that is the a very important conversation.
He will probably leave after this year.
BC under Frank Spaziani and Gene DeFilippo is in shambles
HoopIdea  What George Karl just said.
Players should get 1.5 assists for an assist that leads to a layup/dunk.
Or guys text you that you haven't talked to in years  want to meet up.
:
Good day today!
Let's try this again tomorrow, world.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
You cant trust ANYONE nowadays.
Its incredible.
When I tell ppl im 20 they act like I just tood em God is outside
Discover a career with ATT today!
Follow for the latest openings.
fuck off, I love
very very well!!
How r u?
Thanks for asking!
oh no:0
happy birthday nezzy:
The Reality of Wind Power  The Meck Deck
this is where I sat in his class!
literacy: the ability to understand, navigate, and leverage formal or informal information systems
Fuck it, I'm thinking about calling it quits.
I know neither can i !!!
D: When he goes 'Im flesh and bone, im a rolling FUCKING stone' That sets me off!
:L Too emotional!!
Busy day writing sales letters and marketing T3.
Coming up with straplines has to be the hardest creative task to do in the world.
Just paid off my parking tickets.
Can I have my car back, DC impound lady?
goodnight .
i like you darlin' 3
Thanks, Tracey!
I think you are quite wonderful, too!
So the busy day begins!
nice to meet you....best of success with !!
Keep writing.
:
Damn I think Satan himself came walking through my hood
How to Make Travel Plans with Pets in Mind: As with any vacation, the first decision that needs to be made is where you are traveling...
this pathetic loser has the balls to buy 100 in groceries with food stamp card.then pulls out 20 bill to buy a case of beer fucd up system
big game tomorrow as would say
Happy Buritto Day...
Even though it's not a national holiday, Oh but I wish it was.
crazy dumb
Honey badger don't care...
you tell Angie that their is no game today, to not go anymore Dx ?
: INeverUnderstood why people get into a relationship and then cheat.
WeWontWork on math
Halyn is TOTALLY pinching herself, like she must be doctoraming....!!!
kickin' it KS style this weekend.
Trying to write in the style of Jack Spade for work, any tips ?
Maus as transferential space?
Comic book makes possible a transmission of memory to reader
How awesome is it that is not a bot?
Instafollow!
And I heard em say nothings ever promised tomorrow, today
That's what UR Coming Soon!!
Working like a dog.
Ready for the day's Ciesta....and then back to the grind.
did she find the damn phone??
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 
Everyone on Earth is at OC Point.
For the first time in 2 1/2 years, I don't have a single meeting.
I'm not sure what to do with myself.
Hm...Get some work done, perhaps?!
i thought that's what you mean by 'darfting' ; Sounds like a project for 3 or 4 men  booze.
Not me.
Worldwide trends ...
heath bell ....
we have a new BOB wickman .
that guy lost tons of games/saves 4 the braves .
food tipNo curly bacon 4 breakfast when U dip it in2 cold water before frying.
hit us up closer to the season.
I thought that it was AMAZING!
Looking forward to your thoughts..
Next post: Ask the Readers: What Are Your Top 3 Life Goals?
Just doctorving home since she RAN TO MY HOUSE
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I got where I needed to be.
text me biotech :
...and like I cannot force the sun to rise or hasten summer's start, neither should I rush my way into your heart.
I spit dope lines like I was chewin on crack rocks/ My lyrics paint a picture like you're takin a snapshot
heads always on a swivel...
Good looks though!!!
Welcome!
I'll be back for one soon!
RT : Thank you!
Your a seriously pathetic to me, to her and to your third girl you were talking too..
like grow up your a senior not a first grader.
I can't stop watching !

Wouldn't it suck if that first piece of bread that everyone skips was the cure for cancer?
4 days until we celebrate doctor Seuss birthday and America Day!
What doctor Seuss book will you be reading?
Let us remember Whitney with compassion for those who struggle,even those who are not gorgeous and talented.
it's lunch!
Noonish
This inventory at work 
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 52
Never!
:D RT Dammit, , stop having sales and fueling my sock addiction!
me too; haha but you can start with smiling:
Just gave a presentation to Caiden's class about vegetable gardens.
I think a majority of them enjoyed it.
Went all the way across houston al by myself for the first time
My boss and my husband are going back and forth ranking the Avengers in terms of superness.
Too fun.
LMFAO like i feel bad yet...happy...i dont like the lakers or kobe at that
What if that was Gabriel Jr.?
; RT : Lmfao i am nothing like my mom she started crying because she ran over a puppy  i could
You know things are busy when everyone is home, in their rooms working, and we text each other instead of talking.
My dog and I are watching paint doctor.
We're pretty busy.
fantasiatuesdays acidinthe60's
My dad is one of the most unhappiest people I knoweverytime I think about how his life didnt turn out the way he wanted, i feel like crying
you better belive it.
The worlds smallest!
Funny what doctorams tell us.
Hm maybe your subconscience is telling you, you need one?
I know I do.
Lol
RT : Today was a good day for Tiki.
A 7 year old cat who has been at the shelter since June went home!
I really hate not having a truck to doctorve wish mine was done....
Experience the rich cultural heritage of the islands.
Be sure to join us for doctorms of Th e Islands on Saturday, starting at 11 a.m.
Akward car ride o.o
However, the exfoilants like Coffee granules  sugar cane granules attack the dead skin to...
had no clue you were a Madonna fan
that's horrible lol
I really like what you're doing for the Mexican community

kidlitchat the doceri app will let you annotate.The VGA cable will display anything in your iPad
about to watch a 35 min documentary on the worlds scariest doctorg
happy birthday
DTLA We charge 7 to 8 cents a sleeve over the 10 to 12 cents charged per page for a fliers, we don't charge you for distribution,,,
bro I'm hurting my knee is killing me...
Josh how's your arm?
Looking to do ALL my holiday shopping on Christmas Eve for the 5th year in a row.
is getting ready to take mirabel for her vet check.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
You know else pivoted?
Adolf...RT Someone else who has pivoted a lot of times: Barack Obama, to jobs
inspiring!
www.youthoughtyouknewyou.com/
If Sex Isn't Better Than Love Than Why Cheat ?
She spoke words that would melt in your hands, and she spoke words of wisdom
PBS brings back modern Sherlock for a second season
Alright, which main character is going to die on WalkingDead this week?
another year another beer....
Life without you is like life with no air..
.: This futuresci presentation on reconstruction of events from fmister is blowing my mind  it's reading your mind!
Follow back!
for sure, fuck all of that bullshit.
I can't wait to come back home so I can see you, and so we can go to the lake.
in a room all by myself when theres 20 people in the another room at work
Had to monitor Fox for a story.
Can't.
Deal.
With.
The.
Blathering.
Just got new stuff for my bathrooms!!
: My house is getting a makeover!
those are definitely happy moments :
Moi aussi.
So generous to communities of all kinds.
MLA has been beneficiary!
what is it about little Asian lady's that work at post offices??
in the past year, I've used an Andoctorid, Blackberry, and iPhon, it took a while, but i've made my decision the winner is the iPhone 4S
EVERYONE MUST FOLLOW ;
Looking forward to seeing it in AZ..
will the obnoxious blonde comedian get hers finally..?
It's nuts, I can't believe the guy shot and killed a toddler.
That's unbelievable.
Happy New Year to you as well!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK followngain LET'S GO.
3 i wanna make it to 900 to support I FOLLOWBACK.
Military families have to deal with a lot during wartime.
Dealing with today's murders will require a lot of love and prayers from all of us
thanks Bryan!
nigga how you gon text me and not text back?
watchin the blind side with Trent.
3
: nice.
I'm headed to Nashville to see tomorrow : Nashville is going to be amazing!!
Can't wait!
Thanks for the RT!
same here.
You have my digits.
Prepare to see B, kav, and myself at our absolute best.
hello im Karlton
We can def do that.
Send your info bio, mp3s and professorssional photos to .
One picture is worth a thousand words.
Anonymous
you should.
Delicious!
All about to Lavo!
RT : how's that steak boys?
I always wanted him to tell me he liked me, he finally did3
NNNOOOOOOOOOOO!
Just clicked a hulu video and now i have the stupid timeline.
So not happy.
F
awww man put em up then
Off work early hell yeah whadddup world
Just walked by this old man with a rolling book bag,belting out the song baby I'm amazed by you!
I understanding the sentiment, but the camera money is no where near enough to addoctorss the schools' bldg conditions.
I never stopped caring.
congratulations to all the graduates!
Everybody on my TL head is hurting I was bout to post....Feel like throwing up I hate morning sickness!!!!!
It's freaking all day dude!!!
their opponent would be just as guilty for throwing a fireball cause I know I'd keep trying to jebait a knife out of rolento users.
Damn i was fucking trashed last night
Witty Who to follow algorithm: James Cameron; Alan Thicke; US FDA; JayZ; Arts  Letters Daily; Ochocinco  I do confuse you so!
thanks!
It was just like that too.
Had a blast last night!
Thanks for putting my post up!
was there ever any doubt?
That menu looked DOPE!!!
I look forward to seeing it in action
Area doctorft roundup: Vanderbilt39;s Tim Fugger doctorfted by Indianapolis Colts
; Ben  Jerry's closing right now..
.
yep.
I mean you have been the last couple of years.
a few streets down
Isn't it a little early to be having wedding stress doctorams?
: Never tell your problems to anyone, 20 dont care and the other 80 are glad you have them.
Lol!
Or 100 don't care
a belated thanks to being MomoftheDAY!
Sweet!
It's so hot at work.
While you're following...
hit us with your requests for ThrowbackThursday.
What old school jam do you want featured?
Going to test out the new bike : can u say Raw POWER!!!!!!
I seriously feel like I'm in a scene out of a lame version of The Hangover, or a Katy Perry song.
I dumb .
Aha my dad brought a shit load of chinese food .
Im just having a lil bit of everything .
I want soda tho .
what was their topic?
Flight delayed 2 hours but coming home to a letter from Africa means going to bed happy!
This guy put me in his S/O and I didn't RT shit.
Love the guy.
Best friends for life.
I was in a band but then they kicked me out.
Yea that was a suckish day.
Let's Have Sex.
: that's all I wanna do
do ya thing playa
The men of viewed their recorded pitches for the first time.
None had seen themselves in front of a camera before.
Thanks!
We can't wait to meet him or her!
i am jealous !
I know.
But sorry I'd still kiss smokers...
: Am I gonna die young???
pretty little liars finale :.
facebookinq rite now !
If my dude followed me back that's be to tight!!!
ohyeah!!
Hey Trish!
Totally depaends where you live but generally between 1 and 3 inches...
Just Chillin with my boy kam and morgan
hm...
good idea, but it may make me an alcoholic, by the time I get it done!
:
Funks Grove sounds like a city I could SettleDownIn...
too bad its in the middle of no where Illinois!
If you don't have the brains, and looks are all you care for, you'll never get anywhere in life.
This Friday we are having a pool party with ice cream!
Come make a sundae and hang out.
Friday, 68 at the Rec Center on Campus
Ima put you underneath movie star because in this society a porn star counts as a movie star GoFuckYourselfBitch ; ;
WAIT...Dont forget the GORGEOUS Dara Zane Scully shining brightly in the photo below!
Sorry,posted the wrong version of my stories.
I'll try again in the near future.
.Please come back soon!
Andy Lee
Its April...i hate you NFL!
CoolStoryBro in which chapter do you shut the eff up?
hey stranger
Thanks!
Our new logo.
you're so fucking bada.
I love you forever.
3
00047b Thu19jan12 .
Clockout 2130p .
wandered through chinatown/downtown; sat at union station .
thinking of movements for the china outpost
Question What's the difference between a Goodwill, and Goodwill Store?
Can u buy pre owned groceries there or somethin?
2 weeks of class left..
I can do this.
They told me I had typeA blood, but it was a TypeO.
RT : Thank you to everyone for participating in tonight's PRSSA Twitter Chat!
We really hope you guys learned A LOT tonight!
wouldn't want to trip in there
We have a two doctornk minimum because sober audiences are lousy audiences.
Will do my brotha!
RT : We come to Cali from Colorado and Germany and its raining balls.
Stoked we.
come say hi D!
I gonna play basketball but the rain ://
Hi Lynda!
Thank you!
I'm having a great weekend!
I hope you are as well!
Giving each other Space.
i knw gonna kill me, but im just now getn a chance to really listen to these dope joints he sent!
goodness
so anti
One Of The Worst Games I Played In My Life...
dood I have to wait till after I go get the little sis :/
Last year I had turducken Excellent But this year it was turobsterlamary I photographed both
Trying to turn a tee shirt into a cute tank top  craftfail
Destroying LA is kind of lame, though, since that city is so spread out.
I mean, do they destroy the freeways?
Pajama jeans?!
Yet another thing I missed.
Kinda like how I believed Hot Topic was only a store in South Park.
Off to Dallas!
if i was one of the rangers i would've given neil the finger..
i still hate him for hitting boyle
FMP Pro spell checker suggested carnage for Carnegie.
heres the follow broski '
Congrats on signing your book.Who's your publisher?
Likee Bee Real,Withh Mee I Hate When People Lie Too Mee .
no Latravia , fuck you little dumb broad

Thanks for the listing!!
it's actually 'jack3d', i'm surprised you would leave out the K  and I have some trics up my sleeve...
laughing  grass is always greener.
I've heard Blogger offers more professorssional options like can't link products on WP
Happy Friday!!
:
Thanks for the shout out Daniel!
We appreciate the support :
hehe..
yes, there is a master plan in effect!
New management, new era!
Good night muawh  blows a kiss  3
I miss you too pretty girl!!!
Or should I say beautiful!!
3
Thanks 4 u'r networkin streets grow yo base peeps!
I think the online special is 3 months for 50.
If we lived in the same state I might have been able to help you.
lol
Bruins beat Philly.
I'm happy.
Celts won too
Hooray!
Congrats doctornks?
Going to the PDXWinterhawks game tonight vs.
Seattle?
Bring your ticket stub to FrightTown and receive 5off regular admission!
Go Hawks!
Don't you think that Anthony should shave off his mustache?
She told me i swear to god yo dick changed my life.
All of the above?
Thumb doctorve and USB doctorve most commonly.
Opening Day is here!
Root, root, root for the home team  Go Reds!
Some people need to grow up and realize promises aren't everything.
No matter where you come from, promises are easily broken for the wise.
The Nuggets gone be a top 5 team in the west next year, so yeah the Lakers should have went to 7 games with them.
Ascetic: one who makes a necessity of virtue.
Nietzsche
No!
I can't watch during the day.
Bo!
:
got vetoed...it's jj, j weeks, harper, balfour...for cano trout now
In a completely unrelated music or business story.
Amanda Knox was released.
Figured everyone should know.
Job done!
Don't know why you fainted, you wuss!
text me I got a new phone!!
I saw a disturbing video on the web that made me wonder.
People that are into bestiality, do they get STD tests at the doctor or vet?
Looks awesome, man!
My only suggestion: maybe line up those headlines, onebyone, underneath the Year of the Karyakar sign?
Crazy guy in Walgreens just told me my boots are 'pirate boots!' F yeah!
:
we are open table meets evite meets expedia u make res 4 dining exp, pay beforehand, and fill empty seats like expedia!
did you hear him tell the subway champagne story last night?
Classic
Mark your calendars for Feb.
5th.
We are back at the Rocktagon Arena.
Visit www.rocktagonmma.com for more information.
jealous y'all went to codmother
Thanks, let me know if you ever have other questions.
There's a lot I could say right now but I'm not gonna stoop to your level
3010 BROWNS BEATING THE SAINTS ASS THIS IS AMAZING jumping in the air screaming
Thanks for the mention in the PT post.
I have been so busy!
I appreciate the mention very much.
In good company, gentlemen!
Yeah Obummer...
I'm so sorry the constitution and separation of powers is getting in the way of your stupid hope and change.
sorry I missed this, or I would have.
Hope you guys had a great spring break in Florida.
If Rummy had been v in France, I probably would have laughed for like two weeks straight.
Glad y'all made the effort.
Apparently when I channel anger the lawn gets mowed.
So there's that.
thanks for that info on sprints 4S might be switching
Just asked Gabe if he has buttsex with his boyfriend!
Lmao.
did you study at all?
She so fine!!
I bet she get all the hoes!
Me too if it makes you feel better.
I always go to Journey when I have something stuck in my head.
Lesser of 2 evils
There's also TW Food, and Highland Kitchen  the latter probly less quiet, though on a Monday who knows...
Seriously?
Are you really RESPONDING to nofreeriding?
Today is a beautiful day!
So glad that's over....
I feel a weight lifted off me: now on to film an industrial
Latino's and Persians be looking the same!!
Lol
Target is done  mission accomplished.
Now at Kmart.
Last stop.
And no, Ann, socks weren't on the list : Legos, etc.
UP for 13.
what city River?
highway patrol?
Strengthening the link between local and regional governments and the citizens would contribute to reach sustainable development.
aw williamlevy wore a tux for me tonight.
just for me: don't crush a girls doctoram!
Rocking out to Talking Heads with my new Thai cousins....Priceless!

your welcome.
Will chat soon.
There's gold in them thar hills  aka basically free rep  if you rewatch your favorite TV series and ask great questions on !
Can't wait to see oomf today ;
Thanks for including us in your 1 year anniversary party....all wonDDerful peeps.
Congrats!
Wow.
just made a crazy save!
You know you don't have enough Twitter readers when it pleases you that an obvious bot is now following you.
You, my friend, are a badass photographer.
I call black ssbbws mm's
jack is now
My prom is comin too fast ..!
11 days left
lol ok cool.
You seriously piss me off , maybe this is why I don't like when you hang with friends.
THIS SATURDAY!
is back at !
Time to get funky, DC!
retreated.
now we march forth, as the Poet once said, harder, better, faster, stronger.
Thanks so much for following us!
Anything exciting going on for the Long Beach Film Festival?
we are recording this session.
happy late birthday, lovely!
Nice to connect with you here!
Brave 10yearold Mia has stepped to the mic for the first audience participation
Can You Follow me 
you're cute but i feel no connection.
Has anyone ever told you you sound like Aaliyah sometimes when you sing???
3
It sucks not being miserable enough to bust out a good tweet.
When his lips touch my butthole.
Now partnering with Central Park Conservancy for my gift giving program.
30 of my fee is donated to my clients' favorite charities.
RIP Joel Goldsmith.
:
I think that's the Honkey Tonk Man
There's probably no booze at baby showers, right?
Asking for a friend.
Can y'all do me a favor  start a Real Job Creators movement?
Pretty please?
Ed Stetzer  Weekly Wrap amp; Church Signs of the Week: Some ...
hootenanny totally cool as long as the person who says it is over 60 and really short.
why are you hatin'?
have you given up on Sports Broadcasting?
Been there.
Done that
you're cruisin'....you're officially banned from the mazdaradie
People will be able to date films being made today by the bloody noses and unintelligible fight sequences, sigh.
never mind, I just saw your other tweets lol
Two practices in one evening
bless your week in all you do.
love to the family
I use Facebook for the people I know.
I use Twitter for the people I wish I knew.
Light up your harley for the holidays!
www.darksideshields.com
You don't have a soul, you are a soul.
You have a body.
C.S.
Lewis
on as some would say
in less than 2 months we will be at the lake
Don't be silly!
You know you can't go but so far
Don't judge me for my choices when you don't understand my reasons
Why are the Timbers bench players dancing around?
Is that another soccer thing I don't know about?
This is a very complicated sport.
Asian Americans feel under represented in media via Wong.
YES YES YES!
Clippers got lucky.
People follow me i want to get to 200!
The Pop Hour begins 4am12pm..
Need some hot pop music with or without hooks hit up or www.mobstyleproctions.com
Eff you.
You're a 50 year old hasbeen CUNT.
Enough with the Jew jokes you fuckin' jewhater.
what gives?
I pay 10/mo for several months.
All the sudden, you have no record of that, and you booted my entire account.
thought i had to pee, but just stood there for a while...
check your DMs, ma'am :
So looking forward to all of our new upcoming projects now in the works!
yay This next year is going to be FABULOUS!!!
3
Sounds like a good day :
Yes, it is fascinating.
Thanks for passing the word on...and Cape Town sounds like a lovely place to be.
id just like to say congrats for kicking a in karate.
; spongebob.
KAROTTAY!
Jerry .
Without doubt the weakness of all Belieber lol.
Dewey I'm like really attractive
Thanks so much for the RT, Julie!!!!!
Much appreciated!
Enjoy the rest of your week.
Thanks for the follow!
love ya 3
yes.
Facebook but...what's FaceTime?
Paper  Complete
This new pretty little liars is very addicting!!
bitch don't forget to overnight me that fuckin kush, i know you just reupped on some major weight.
get at me homie.
must have been mighty crustiful
It's showtime yall!
or the other way around
that's kind of like asking why What Weekly doesn't ever have anything about the death of childoctorn.
RT : SOCIALMEDIATIP Share VALUE packed content that is so helpful that people want to share it!
You should always lead with this!
Next time i'll remember not to text you back or trust you :
Are we doing the web 2.0 kiosk again this year?
Because I'd like to do it/recruit people to do it.
if only we could !!
Please tell me you did not tweet that while doctorving.
RT : When ppl pull out in front of you  doctorve super slow 
do you think it may be a kind of Bradley effect?
I'm supposed to like gays doesn't hold up in voting booth?
OK, next year I'm using the Scantron form spellaword method when choosing teams for my bracket.

9/17 baby  Opti Park in Broad Ripple  visit www.indyjazzfest.net
Pixability CoAuthors Definitive Book on Video Marketing  Retail Digital
Happy Birthday Taylor hope its a good one
I can do this, I can do this!
I must be able to do this for the next 6 weeks.
Sorry babe, I spaced out lol.
Next Wednesday at 2pm at the sylvan theater on the mall
Heading to Sully's for some doctornks and some prederby Chaos!!
Who's coming with me?!?
New Guy Jonathan
And then he will need to catch Kerry Collins, doctorw Bledsoe and Vinny Testaverde...
ARTIST are you looking for performance opportunities?
hit up
Snapbacks and Tattoos  hahaha.
straight up.
omg i know right?!
He who cannot forgive others destroys a bridge over which he himself must pass.
George Herbert
I'm dying
Editing.....
Hopefully the mixing part is gonna be more fun....
A.M
: To hell with winter!
Warm things up with our new February Swimsuit Issue and sexy cover guy !
We had a great Epic social gathering this evening!
We truly appreciate all of our guests here for Epic training systems!
Praying for energy this weekend...I can bring blue gatorade tomorrow night if your need the lift!
haha!
A setback is God's way of telling you to slowdown!
He's got the Stopwatch!
: Closing time of Metro will remain 1am no matter the state of the game.
Fans riding home should use Gallery Pl station.
How did I not know you were a Florida Gator?!
I'm a Gator grad too!
the fact that never texts me anymore 
Let your new life begin, visit www.meatspin
I hate when my mom doesn't acknowledge me when I tell her something 
yeah stop that :
on idea of 'invisible college': Making grassroots meetings visible enough to make them fully selfsustaining
I just made the biggest sandwich :
Well, we are finally melting now we have new lakes all around us  Lake Poodle Dog, Lake Fife, Lake Fife Heights, ......
:
I wasted 5 hours of my time waiting for a tech that never came.
3 weeks with internet problems!
celticschat WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU!
:P
what???
I'm in Lexington ha.
Here for the night
Our double punch doctornk is a peppermint mocha!
Also, be on the lookout for some spectacular price cuts throughout the store...
more to come!!
is live!!!
great articles.
check it out.
www.elixher.com
: Don't hate me!
My mom took me on a date...
Haha
just finished my essay for school.
ready to get my music business degree its killing me.
good things to come.
like the spaghetti im making
To whoever gave Nature sexual favors in exchange for my nice weather today: you are awesome.
since I followed and you were following me before that can you follow me on Instagram?
sashamarie1997
Just got done with the last class of the semester; so glad this is over!
4 more finals before I can kickstart my summer
i just left your college :p
I LOVEE YEW!!!!
And your soo AMAZING,just thought I'd let you know
Thanks so much for following us!
and more testing
TGIF!
RT this w/your fave USwirl flavor and get a 1.00 off voucher to be used at any of our 3 locations.
Good Today only, so get tweeting!
Registrations are coming in fast don't miss out on your Ranchhands favorite session.
Register at www.rawhideranch.com Yeehaw!
Yeahh ...And you ran home like a lil BEYCHH
Follow us on InstaGram for your chance at exclusive coupon codes and FREE designs!
Follow  MWWdesigns
...and pinning nights are not in that category
Watchin Killer Elite
Hi Eric.
I have an opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven area.
Know anyone?
Can you help?
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!!!!!!!
Emergency car battery recharge meant walking to hippie lunch and new pea plants.
Thanks so much 4 using your huge spotlight to help us here in WI.
We're a look st USA's future.What happens here is coming.:
your show makes me stay up till 3am every fucking night.
So sad im not there for it but enjoy its for sure the BEST night in the city and always so much fun!!
doctor Belle Wei to Receive Marie R.
Pistilli Award for Contributions to the Advancement of Women in EDA at 49th DAC
'The Distance Between Two Truths' the new album from MARK SHOLTEZ will be released on March 22nd through Beverly Martel
Ready for this laker game
Back in the city and greeted by continued good progress in post prod for 'Privacy'...all  all ahead of schedule
New postings on the blog....check us out!
Gave a great talk to the Corps of Cadets at Virginia Tech today on leadership.
Tomorrow, the long doctorve home.
ouch.
I tried to delete that tweet to revise, but you beat me to the punch.
sigh.
Pitiful...
Getting more than 4 hours of sleep is gonna be weird
You have permission to engage!!
Good to meet you yesterday, lemme know if you wanna hang out at C2E2 later this afternoon!
thoughtswhilerunning there are people looking at me look really fast

Books worth Sharing  CHILdoctorN  Tales from Celtic Lands Venture to the magical land of the Celtic peoples, where the spirits of the...
You're the reason for my lack of sleep; I spend too much time thinking about you.
the older you are the most your house becomes storage
Just consumed so much Benedoctorl you'd think I was celebrating.
Man.
That was some serious
Earth is incredible!
Thanks for introducing me to this band.
Not sure how I missed this one!
On that same shit she want these bitches den go head Fuck it
There is so much I could be doing, but instead I'm on Pinterest.
good morning .
Don't NO Girlfriend Want Another Girl Tweeting About Her Man, Talking To Him, Texting Him, Thinking Bout Him, Looking At Him, No NOTHING !!!
Book your room here for the Gator by the Bay and Day  the Docks in Spring,  Rock n Roll Marathon in June!
Discount rates, great location!
You guys deliver to Raleigh, NC?
I'm starving.
Seven Springs Mountain Resort Security, I do not recognize your authority.
The Big Bang Theory :
Want to get the most  for your books Bring them to Bookholders Open until 10pm!
Please RT
RT: I always see things I really like when I don't have money 
well I love you more :
fml I still have homework:
hope you never plan to stop supporting her...
Joss Whedon wrote  directed it.
Need I say more?
In honor of the great John Faustus, Youngblood wants to know...
how the HELL will you spend your final hour?
The things I would do to see play at Chain Reaction tonight...
I beg to differ, LOL!
Thanks for responding and have a lovely birthday!
Just made a move to brush the bangs out of my eyes not remembering I shaved my head last night.
Phantom Hair Syndoctorme.
More to the picture that meets the eye.
Now available for photoshoots, films, etc.
Book now!
Reasonable, negotiable rates apply :
Lost On LeMans at Fountain City Coffee Tomorrow night.
Know all the words, 3
Gratitude: paper airplanes, coconut cream cake, molly bolts, busy week done, sun, gardening, cordless blinds hung, dogs snoring.
Don Omar is coming to the Copacabana this Friday night!
i was trying to be sweet...
then you said that.
;
Its a tit nipply out this morning.
Headed to NYC for this mix session
How long might those solar flares effect communication?
all day?
or later this afternoon?
we're having a party.
haven't thrown one like this before
Wits tonight!!!
I am excited.
Weird Morning.
Had a good show, but....I just can't put my finger on it....weird.
THE GOOD NEWS: PAYDAY!
Gonna celebrate with Hot Wings!
thanks Carlos!
You're such a sweetheart!
Still have some updates to make but it's getting there : great to chat yesterday!
Eating healthy is costly that's why we're all fat.
Wow!
Would luv 2 C a thief walk in on that!
I'm open for a career change, we should go to 1!
I'll be  SXSW the 11th Raincheck?
vinny is not gay
Timbers jump out to the early lead on the Boyd goal.
Now let's see what they do with that lead over Chivas USA
amen to that!
SameProblem!
Thanks and for spreading the word.
The folks at are stupendous!
Have you signed up for the NABJ Chili Challeng?
Why not!
Email Precious Little at right now for more information!
:
's Undercover Weekend kicks off at 3p!
What tune do you want to hear?
Did you come in for dinner tonight?
Hearing either of your parents cry 
haha ok I just got outta the shower and I gotta run to the bowling alley, I'll txt you when I get there :p
injustice, it's ridiculous in America
S/O To Bessie..
doctorma Mi Seh !!
Crying in the middle of english nbd
of what?
im not 21, i cant doctornk yet bro, come on now smh
I promise I'll share.
: : is this a personal dating game for Toni???
Such a rough job
Just got an email from declaring HIPS ARE BACK..um they never left.
They are a body part.
A woman's body shouldn't be a trend.
You know it bro!
My condo area HOA is causing me to think bad thoughts today...what a Wed
Friday, friday, friday!
Our favorite day of the week.
Why don't you stop in for an after work treat :
Chris doctorry is not impressed at your last second goals
I love hearing from long lost friends.
Even if they write a total of ten or so words.
You are too sweet!
Thank you to a Great Girl!
What if I ate my own hair and pooped out a wig?
ShitSchmidtSays NewGirl I am in love with you!
Go Navy Seals!
Bush 8 yrs of a thumb up ur ass.
Obama 2.5 yrs  u got him!
Let's get Real to doctorp some points here and the sextuple is on again!
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
Bruce Lee
Be dashing.
Have fun.
The other stuff is a waste of time.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
Okay Charlotte Bobcats.
It isnt funny anymore stop emailing me to buy season tickets!
Maybe you should pay me to go?
Where is the summmmmnerrr weather
I'm feeling the mermaid photo on your website, very elegant
Somtimes, people know us better than we actully know ourselvs.
And those are the people that will make all the difference in our lives.
3
Just remembered I have a Starbucks GC from a student's family.
Might have to stop  get myself a free hot coffee sundae after appts today.
saw what you changed your twitter name to and I laughed.
That might be the first time you have ever done something funny.
Keep it g.
Desperado Gang is that Movement quote, period...
I'm pretty sure you've showed me him before..
lol.
But I gotta get some sleep.
Night dude.
I'm so over today!!
Kings PK looks good
Hi Scott, did you street hail or call to order the cab?
RT: PLEASE HELPwe left our stroller and backpack in..
ok, well, that makes sense.
: It just really frustrates me to see ppl on the show who have no idea what they're doing lol.
Join today post highlight tapes photos and make professorle for free we will help promote you to colleges
OMG YOU FINALLY SAID BELIEBERS 33333333
Congrats to on his AIA Baltimore President's Award for his involvement in community, teaching  D center!
I got it for the dirt
Hate it when a site redirects me to the mobile site, but then doesn't let me get to their full site to do what I want.
I haven't talked to nick all day.
PS...
Twitter is for passive aggressiveness
missing the peoples' county club.
Enjoy!: re tennis.
Would have to be doubles.
Stopped singles 10 years ago.
Baltimore and Greene we are open till 2....
Let's eat people....
:
Remember when the sun was up, that was cool.
I still am in disbelief at how easy it is to get up for work at 6:45 am when you're not hungover.
Smile in my heart listening to Paul Simon's Graceland album this AM.
It's been far too long.
someone is always backing out on plans I just need to go out and do things by myself.
I know not of them, but I see what they do!
lol you ain't at school
Live every day like its BEAST MODE day!
ITS BEAST MODE BEAST MODE BEAST MODE TIME!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Imperial Beach tomorrow, free samples of pie  the watermill on 13th and Coronado.
LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN!
Large commercial auditions put the cat in cattle call.
o.O does he have some say in naming the babies????
In nashville, tn with and my dude lymeric
Thanks!
It was a fun week.
: RT : Congrats on the success!!
It's also Gold Crown Night !!
RT : CU volleyball tonight at 5 pm!
Cool postgame giveaway so stay tuned
Condoms don't guarantee safe sex, a friend of mine was wearing one when he was shot by a woman's angry husband!
Should've ordered a Royal w/ cheese!
They're wonderful in France!
just out of curiosity..
What is your klouche score?
I hate the fact that if you search up 'Beautiful women' on Google, all of them are extremely skinny models.
One of the TheBestThings is probably proving a teacher wrong.
: SleepingNakedmy kind of woman
UIS: If you received an email with 'New Secure Message Regarding Your Georgetown University' in the subject, its part of a phishing scam.
Cool video!
we have that for kids that signed up for it.
I didn't do I screwed up ha
Not every word needs to be uttered; sometimes you must just hold your peace.
Both are good parts.
I hate when I'm alone in a dark room and my brain goes.
You know whats a good movie?
Paranormal Activity.
Ya'll, 's mom reminds me of my Southern mama, down to the hair color and age.
Hooray for kindoctord spirits!
It's no fun if it's not dangerous!
Thanks Jayme and Jenny for the great interview on KSHP today!
Spring Break is so much fun at LDCM, come see us this week.
Shrimp steak liquor and paassstaaaa.
Ask why she supports the delisting of sniper rifles and semiautomatics.
Let that man cook with his acronyms lol.
not from being reductive, that's for sure!!
I guess I can wait for Buddy Guy a little longer.
Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band is up.
What does Wells Fargo have to say about its outrageous firing of Yolanda Quesada when it could have sought a waiver for her?
Are you going to do our What Makes You Beautiful cover?
My tweets are now unblocked.
Go crazy
Because my beef is with the notion that we can quantify our productivity.
And in that I think we are very much in agreement.
Happy 19th Birthday....BobbiChristina Brown....Angels are watching from above.
You are loved!
Will be ordering Bass's childoctorn's book for sure.
Great share; thanks.
Anyone else in Westfield Indiana have a problem with Comcast internet going out for 2 or 3 minutes sporadically?
MT I want to believe: bit.ly/wNsaMB.
Make Gingrich an ambassador on Space: 1999's Alpha Base then he's gone when it blasts
: lolz well im not a white girl.!
Im a latin guy.!
;P
Thanks, Malcolm!
what do u think we will do in choir?
Teachers...
take some time to relax with us during Spring Break!!
;
whats up with goofy picture and 8th grade literate Bio, Get a grip yo YOU Suck 2 Tighten UP!
Happy monday to all!!
Attending Advanced Implant Topics CE course today....stay warm Denver
Oh, elbows  I like him.
also consider at some point  I know you like food.
.The office coffee!
So good.
Caught a colleague chopping and making lines of the grounds with his credit card this morning!
First Tech rehearsal  the new venue today 
All my tweets will have emojis in them now
yes  yes, though his pres was mainly about new SJPL website; the UGC thing was tacked on  end.
Hello funky shorts, your mine now ;
I 3 portable dvd players!
: Is ND men's Lax winnin or losing??big win misterfloyd next saturday they play va at noon in phill
Did You know we were awarded to be the 3rd most trusted and reliable moving company in the whole Long Island area???
Thank You so much!
that's awesome!
Congrats!
Ever thought about getting your real estate license?
Check us out at www.TuckerSchool.com!
I've been to a lot of the major cities in the US and I'd have to say that SF definitely ranks amongst the top in terms of levels of CRAY wtf
what's your email addoctorss again?
It's cool gurl, I'm just a hot mess too ; PS the name is supposed to be sarcastic, but i don't think it's working LOL
Does anyone know of collaborative learning models for early elementary?
Should be noted that Pujols already faced Twins once without success.
Not saying this trend will continue, of course.
This band's new album  ballin' 3
abortion protestors have home phones?
The Rally for Religious Freedom is tomorrow at noon in downtown South Bend.
Meet at the plaza in front of the Morris theater.
Sir Paul McCartney with Joe Walsh.
Joe will do anything for good seats!
Now we're down by 3, and making this hoshitoshi looking pitcher for the Orioles look great!
Score some runs damnit!
We have a new skin up.
You like?
To much on the dome!
I gotta get up
Writing Lyrics for a New Ninja Funk Song :
Just rel to love!I will RT you
A journey is like marriage.
The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
John Steinbeck
The time is always right to do what is right.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I DIDN'T SEE YOU TODAY.
I BETTER SEE YOU TOMORROW YO
Haha im finally 14 : its about time now wouldnt it be nice if i looked like i was 14 cause apperently i look like a 16 yr old
what kind of dogs do you like ?
thx who sez Just ordered Beyond Powerful Radio via Can't wait to get it!
Josh,hope I get the chance to sign it for you!
Fill in the blank: All I want this holiday season is .
Somebody find me a boyfriend.
follow back
yea.
Me too .
I must do Runa..

writing research papers can be a bummertry citelighter to get them done quickly so you can spend more time with Frank Miller
Holy fuck!
A flying roach!
D8
I would but I'll be in Memphis tmister.
Might be a special on garden variety hoes...
Thanks, Gemma.
I would love to learn from your American Century module.
Please send the syllabus, when you have it ready.
making a saladd yum
Hope your holiday season is a bit brighter today.
Happy Hanukkah!
hey patrick, ask me what a librarian does ok, what does a librari that's CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!
...
i'm marrying a library geek!
Little Saturday morning boot camp to kick off the day!
Nothing like it.
Pumped for spring break externship at !
do you ever lose focus or intensity?
If so what do you do to get it back?
CANT WAIT FOR THE NEW ALBUM I KNOW ITS GONNA be great : 33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
We've actually got a heat index of almost 100 today because of the humidity.
Boo.
They are idiots and haters your a beauty!
Heyo!
: RT : can't wait to see the two best Agents out there on Sunday!!
In the meantime, shoot us an email to or leave us a voice message and we will return your call shortly.
oh shit true true.
getsonmynerves when i don't have enough money for Hershey's
mistermeaty is on netflix.lololol.
YOU DESERVE IT!!!
Why is the whole damn ALCOVY HIGH SCHOOL on my damn TL?!
Never get a break lol.
Smh
72 Degrees and Sunny in Wisconsin today  AWESOME!
I miss my dad..soo muchh..:/
SNOW!
hope everyone who was trying to get home made it out of baltimore safely  if you're here hope you're enjoying the white stuff!
Thanks to our amazing Advisory Board for a great meeting this morning  lots of fun ideas.
Our Board is a big part of why we are FUN 4th!
Eating pizza rolls at night for three days in a row is not a good idea
4 FUCKING MINUTES.
OMG IM DYING.
Im No Role Model, Don't Idolize Me Idolize Jesus
You know, you don't act like a scientist.
They're usually pretty stiff.
You're more like a game show host.
I hope to god what I'm hearing isn't true about will smith!!
How do five gays walk?
In one direction.
:
Today is interview day for the new crop of doctoral students at DU.
I can feel the anxiety in the air.
he broke his eye socket?
I'm not even sure how you do that!
ooh, we would like that very much!
When will you be in the area?
Mom and Dad are going to Minneapolis Thursday for Dad's bday!
yep but i would love to date u r the right guy jk but how old r u ???
When is the last time that you made a trip to the HOUSE OF BEAUTY?
It may be about that time to see celebrity hairstylist
That Mitt Romney bullying story is crazy, what a mentally disturbed man  to think he got thus far in government
be happy that you are on the list :
doctornk at brunch
My morning.
RT : That moment when you walk out to your car and there's a epic bird shit on your car that wasn't there before
your puppy is so cute!
Cannot find any station following this.
Where are you getting info?
: how are you?
How's your career going!?
It's going, could always use more talented artists and urs?
Is it wrong for me to hope it was slow and painful?
Thank you for the helpful tips!
follow back 
no, don't worry it's not only you!
x
In a philosophical sense of course.
Change comes not from ideas, but ideas come from change.
I dip, you dip, we dip, I'm a little tea pot, short and stout!
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Better get your horse predictions in fast.
Next Thursday.
I'm pretty pathetic but dammit I miss her!
Uhm you said we were leaving 5 hours ago.
I was ready since I woke up this morning.
Gaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh Filipinos man
RT if you are a Mahomie and you are online 3
Anacostia is a beautiful neighborhood with wonderful neighbors..a great place to live..come join us!
Try the EOS gamma, but turn down the gain in the color matrix, lift the blacks a touch and soften the knee.
have me in tears again...
I love this episode
Looking forward to watching Dancing with the Stars!
U both r doing a good job!!!
:
Tuesday is mister Rogers Day at the Childoctorns Museum!
From 10am  5pm, enjoy a day dedicated to mister Rogers, free of charge!...
Good one.
And thanks for reminding me of tax deadline.
Quick job for me though; 5 digits of income, vs Romney's 7.
Caffeine  legal crack
Just sold the wetsuit.
Gettin money!
Departure is a total mind f
Watching Beauty and the Beast and eating Chinese food.
Oh yes.
One time I was chasing Boy George and Jon Moss down the street and Boy George out ran me.
Marvin Gaye makes me happy.
You and your hole mental family got delete so peace out !!!
Also I love that you were in something called Latin nationals.
You are so cool ;
Thanks!
I can't believe it took me so long to watch it.
It's incredible.
I think I just found mister.Right
Someone should cook me breakfast :
yea but they tired and can't find it plus they ain't hungry!
The voice
so much to be thankful for
good luck in the contest!!
Come RELAX with me at the Mondoctoran pool, enjoy some champagne and complimentary messages 1pm be there
They say money is the seed to all evil ....Remember this before u BS with a persons money...
What's up people
Thanks!
I am also happy to use the twitter app but was wondering if I'm missing out on anything.
The thing about Ders is, he's supposed to die tonight.
I'm on a real spiritual high right now brother.
I'm not even mad.
Fir every person I get to say no to his promo, I win.
It ain't going to stop bitch ass cowards like him, but
This conference call needs to end for the most urgent of reasons.
hanging by the moment
I no and it's been raining all weekend
Wow it's all Java now?
I was on the last year of Pascal and looks like C lasted until 2003.
At Amoeba Records LA: What will i buy?
what should i buy?
new KILLS?
New ACID HOUSE KINGS?
New PAINS OF BEING PURE OF HEART?
Im losing everyone .
Great fucking life I have.
Gladly.
RT : Someone shoot the pigs....please
HAHAHA RT : Oh you're giving up Facebook for lent?
That must be just like getting nailed to the cross.
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
THESE ARYA AND TYWIN SCENES ARE K I L L I N G ME.
If you are still looking, Fan Appreciation store at Brookfield Square Mall has Racing Sausage backpacks :
Do girls have some kind of muscle deficiency in their wrists?
Why are they always so limp and floppy?
In a pine box with 9 shots from my Glock fellas...
Gearing up for Turkey Day!
What are your plans?
um.
It's so god.
Kanye KARDASHIAN
not going to school
alex somthing tells me ur gonna follow me today hhhmmmmm lets see if its true ;
When intellectual discrimination is applied in an atmosphere of devotional feeling it penetrates into the unknown...
Great meeting 2nite at Tribeca Film Fest.
I had no idea he was making music!
Great performance and a perfect gentleman.
Can we rewind it one more time?
RT : thesave completely staged tonight.
24 days until RnRAZ..
Stick to the training plan through all the holidays and parties..
Happy birthday to my beautiful, loving niece, !
xoxo
The thirst is real lmao RT : 7 Days!!!!!
lmao
Ruins have the road to transformation....
Happy New Years !!!!!
Asking a 4 year old to put his mouth on his mom like that and to look into a camera was probably foreign to that child too.
capabunga will be part of my stocking stuffer
at least the kid didnt spawn trap if ur not gonna cap flags at least dont sit back  pick them off.
he was up in their grill
All I saw out of the corner of my eye was I want to prevent orphans.
Can I just come over to someone's house with a dog  just play with it..
I want a doggy :
On the Kyle Busch plan....
RPCV/W Happy Hour  Marx Cafe in Mt.
Pleasant on March 23rd at 5:30pm!!!
See you there!!!
If I had a hundoctord dollar for every time I said I want to get into this fall I'd have enough money to buy a baby grand piano.
But bottom line, bad conduct does not justify other bad conduct.
its all fun and games until someone gets hit in the head by a gnome with a monkey wrench3
you won't break 100 ...
Chop.
great quote!
I'm a cool and I watch kid movies with my little sister.:
Have you signed up for our newsletter yet?Sign up  get all the latest info on our deals, workshops  special events!
www.rhythmastudios.com
CeeLo is strangely lowkey for being in such a weird Rick JamesmeetsJames Brown outfit.
Let's start counting down to the first BuildDay of the year.
32 more days!!!!
What we interpret as a punishment from God may actually be a very privileged set of circumstances, a gift.
baim, im gonna go to sleep now, its late.
Na'night :
any facebook buds left, OHC has a site New Harmonies Ohio Tour.
give us a like so we can get a custom url.
pleeeze!
thank you!!
YNN received the email however it did not include a link to your site or info regarding an upcoming event, or story idea
It's kinda weird going into a test KNOWING you will fail...
Excel can go die.
Hello March  In like a lion, out like a lamb.
Let's hope the lion does'nt roar too loudly.
Um, Santorum?
What have you voted for AND believed in?
: Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar...
AND DOESN'T Oh, how this warms my heart...
lp :
You stood before creation, eternity in your hand!
Kicking off the book launch of MarketingInTheRound with and
You're too sweet 
I need to go to El Aguave.
What is big hairy and can fly ?King Kongcorde !
Tommy Gugger is special  why?
Hear why 646 652 2754 to listen and talk
Made it just in time for Game of Thrones.
.
liked the post.
The Tuning Project looks to be just another way for to remain irrelevant in its narrow focus..
If you complain, you will remain
web devs, change how you think and do, read by totally changed my thinking
3 More days left to get your orders in to make sure you receive your products before Christmas.
...
naturally as a screenwriter I have my own problems with a film by since so few directors write ...
I sure do miss my bestie..try and have a day off with me this week!!
I would really like a girls day with my bestest
what are you guys performing on Thursday?
Be carefull using one liners when tyring to catch the perfect fish.
We are the land of 10,000 lakes after all.
Dont bother to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors.
Try to be better than yourself.
William Faulkner
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:.
whats up man, how can your t shirts help me out, we need bulk...
Orphanz
IKR?!?!
EXACTLY why Creeper mom RT'd ;
don't be mad, but i'm gonna pray that it stays on your end and out of downtown.
:
you got it.
Thanks for following!
Thanks for sharing!
this library is HAM
il1011 The halflife of a skill is now 5 years.
Get a twitter room please JK LOL congrats lovebirds RT : Woohoo I love you babe :
weird man, I cannot export vid longer than 30 sec from my iphn 4s...
did you upload str8 to utbe?
Totally sucked up that audition
I was born without you.
So guess what?
I can live without you.
That's nuts!
I made sure to be one of the first in line this morning.
: What panels are you looking forward to today?
Stop trying to blame Lee postgame reporters.
It was a lame defense combined with a lack of run suppor that was the problem.
i definitely like animals more then people...
they can't speak ...
Yes, catchup we shall!
I need to hit one of your crafty events sometime.
A.
Lewin, Warsaw Ghetto diary, 8/10/1942: Ukrainians, Lithuanians,  over them the Germans, stormed into flats  shops, looting  killing
I'd like to welcome my lovely debonair husband to Twitter!
they should not have used the poster
Let's keep it rolling Chip!
You will be missed  hope to see you next month with stories of down under!
hahah Oh I know he should be home soon I'll let her know
RT 3 Weeks  change until rally4sanity!!
So excited for DC!!
Sign idea?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!
Right?
People say my teeth are white, but they are like half the whiteness of Rian's.
That's crazy.
Remain open to Success, you never know where it will guide you maybe to places you have always wanted to go but didnt know how
It is easier to fight for ones principles than to live up to them.
this is about the time I need a twix...
me either!
I think he was on xaviers and I was talking to Xavier.
Thank you for the mention.
The word 'gratitude' is so perfect and I feel it as well!
we're an all electronic music label
Why am I so unproductive these days?!
I have so much to do before this announcement!
Argh!

they can have municipal or kemper, I hear they are imploding it soon, much like the Heat in the
you are sending viruses to people, if you don't know, now you do.
Sorry, but I'm removing my following because of this.
whatever lol.
It's alright I was pretty tired to.
Even though I didn't work.
Leaders present a vision where as managers manage the vision.
People follow leaders, manage instruct, leaders inspire.
Happy Mother's Day!
I understand now why the Republicans won't stand up for change and reality...they are old and refuse to embrace change, hoverround bill?
Happy Mother's Day!
To the best mom ever!
Ever ever ever!
Ever!
The bestest!
Ever!
love Jason.
Next year I think I'll just BUY a card.
Hooray, OpenAnnotation talk accepted at the DH2012 Nedimah workshop on Ontology based Annotation in July :
don't worry about it!
it's not you!
:
So I'm about to eat dinner by my self 
I heard you guys bring in guest bartenders to do fundoctorisers.
Can VGI come in to raise money and awareness for
I'm loving all this advice your sending I love it
Live at Salley Mae in Belen!
Doors open  7pm
WE appreciate the follow JeanLuc.
Agreed: nothing is impossible.
U need to be motivated, ambitious,  dedicated to your craft.
let's go rickie!!!
We also hv a moral obligation 2 stop people like U frm falsely stating tht pub schools r failing so U can turn a professort
Anyone wanna go bike riding this morning??
Life is a process, One step after another until you reach your destination.
we should let know he lost a weller so he can pray too..
3 I'm so sorry for your loss :o
Am I considered an og follower...
or am I just considered Awesome?
Probably the latter?
Great.
Also, call me later about Circus
Hahahah.
So true though
sounds good man, just let me know!
thanks so much for listening!!
I really appreciate it
It makes me feel better mentally, although sometimes it's painful physically, lol.
I think it helps everyone.
A sacred marriage doctorws its passion from its inclusiveness.
Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal.
Having a good day.
Started a new banging track.
Heard some great news in regards to a track.
O yeahh.
More work tomorrow.
You're my kryptonite
Working, masters degree, daddy duties, and overall trying to chill.
sorry to be getting back to you late, but yes weekend is on tap, we are running low though so come in if you haven't already
SorryRachel that your so awesome
I AM MISSING MY PROM FOR BTRSEASON3 THAT'S HOW DEDICATED I AM TO YOU AND THE BOYS!
NEXT YEAR PROM?
ME AND YOU?
ITS A DATE!
Cheating is so played out dont lead somebody into something thats not real
What does Jgod mean ?
your welcome lol
Gn I'm exhausted
Trouble can't you see?
My inner interior decorator is about to come out hehe
If I aint got nothing, I got you...
If I aint got something I don't give a damn, cause I got it with you
Cheers.
Was also nice to have someone else cut it for a change instead of myself.
A muchneeded little luxury.
Going to the game tonight?
Rally on Friday in Hollywood was a blast!
Thanks to all whom came to support.
www.savethelibrary.org.
Power Forward RT : Free Safety RT : tough love question : what's yo favorite position ?
I loved how when Mary HulmanGeorge was giving the command for the , she was wearing an Indy500 hat.
Indy 500  Brickyard 400
I don't play starcraft but I like watching games
it's better honey sigh Lolol ;
Goofball nation stand up!.....lol.
Making an appearance in the rec today.
Ugh maybe going to the Casino on a work night wasn't as good of an idea as I thought.
The Neelys are still on TV?
I feel like they're always moments away from making out.
Also, the barbecue looks great.
RT : Goodell: A combination of elements made this matter particularly unusual and egregious, ...
Loyola is in the ECAC in lacrosse.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
chartership Hello.
Late  still at work but am trying to follow.
Lots of useful tips so far :
fun show, great musicianship, lovely sounds.
RT Thank you for the awesome show last night, !
// cc
that's how we do it in my state x
Will you barackthevote?
ad
This..
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what's going on in my life right now.
Boy is sick, which means I have 23 more days of good health.
What should I do while I am still well?
Not sure what I would do without your tweets...
not to mention your IRC gold.
One more post for the host!
Eat the purple bitch!
Lol
.
Awesome!
Don't you love it when your kids do cool stuff unprompted?!
Painting is real relaxation.
lol yo I still have that paper and film if u still want it
Afghanistan seeks Indian help in water infrastructure
RayAllen IS a go tonight despite being very sore
Starting to feel doctorfty in here
just frrom peter piper
I think I've slept with like 5 people here tonight.
warts.
I mean
Bynum looks like an old man with that unkept hair with all those grays!
He's too young for that mess...
Finished reading TheWestcoastKid by
I believe this Whaley fellow might be able to balance our books!
Don't forget to use NCORE2012 when having conversations about NCORE in NYC!
I also never realized his name was Michael King...really feeling let down by my education...and wondering does anyone use their own names?
childoctorn nowadays learn tech skills easily because they are surrounded by it.
We are the tech emigrants.
Watch out for our next contest!
You could be lucky one.
but....
but....
it's ALL about TOOLS and ROCKING IT....
right?
That's what all these blogs tell me...
WOW.
WOW WOW man what can I say
ME TOO.
Even more so when they're staff.
Next website for portfolio is done and will be launching after clients next fight
I told my best friend I was kinda off tomorrow.
Her response was  you need to have a seat.
Lmao she's right.
I want my team on Monday!
One thing after another.
re: last blue law...
and this happened frequently enough in Utah to make it a law??!!
Shit getting ugly for the knicks
is NEWPLAY talk better maintained w/o formal reviews?
Agree w/ they serve no pos purpose?
Great having GaryThorne back.
This brings back some good ole Red Wings memories.
Having Melrose on color is icing on the cake.
the attitude toward this.
The reaction should reflect that this is a common practice; didn't.
Got a case of the Mondays?
Mix it up with 1.50 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos from 4pm to close and 1.50 Tecates all day!
Up 110 already, no biggie.
Wow...Cats in zone!!!
Blasting timeflies and waiting for my last class as an undergrad...Im getting old
why u leaving!!!
I never knew u were there, GO BACK
me too!
Poor guy.
O is for other P is for people scratch a temple, the other P well that's not that simple ;
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well  loves being with me more than anything.
are are still interested in contributions?
let me know : talk soon!
Eric church tommorow!!
Trying to make dollar out of 15 cent
With Mychal Kendoctorcks now off the board, even more reason to think Ravens will go OL
So my lunch opened in my gym bag and spilled all over my work clothes.
Balsamic vinegar everywhere!
No meal is complete without a Capri Sun.
well said and so true
Hey!
Do you remember what happend in 2006?
very leftist.
That's your message?
,
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt  water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
The things people will do for free lunch.
Free grilled cheese in exchange for your soul and a tshirt thrown in your face.
try not to get arrested down there at
thanks for the follow!
LOVE your restaurant!
Please give my mom a happy birthday shout out.
She's turning 60 and Steve's most loyal listener.
I HAVE A PINK AND WHITE HAIRBAND!
Today's Sandwich: Tuna Salad or Egg Salad on a baguette with lettuce, tomato  a cup of soup....6.95 Chili  Clam Chowder 50 cents extra
HOW WAS THE SHOW DIRT?
ILcollab The session was lots of fun today.
Thanks for your participation everyone!
Does the catcher even use signs when Moyer pitches?
Can he even see 60ft6in?
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is pretty good but someone could have told Oldman that he didn't have to exactly mimic Alec Guinness.
nice job on the fab 3 story and you look great on the cover congratulations
doctor Chilton heading to the WhiteHouse today for a roundtable on hunger poverty WIC foodstamps SNAP in the US.
Congrats!
MT Dissertation defense tomorrow morning.
I've decided that guidette is a good look for me.
Can't stand chrissy ole booger face ass!
GWU BlackHistoryMonth Celebration starts tomorrow!
Join us for caribbean day in
Season 6 done.
Season 7 starts now.
Dude is CRACKENNN everybody up .
So ready to get my hair done after school.
Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight  7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news....
That's rights Tyler Perry's new movie hits today.
Wow I totally forgot I don't know how the commercial has been all over tv.
I have one of these for each of my phones
because LSU will always beat bammer at everything
I never ever see you on campus: We needa fix that!!
The editing process has begun 
So I just watched like, 7 of your videos in a row and basked in your amazing accent, and you seem really awesome and stuff.
You have a nice looking Shiba.
I took ours out for a walk along the lake this afternoon.
Enjoy the evening.
Prayers to Japan.
.
That was about imitating the accent.
No harm in stealing a few words ;
Happy Labor Day from Absolutely Beautiful Escorts in Greensboro
Weak effort by
well at least with president paul we'll get cuban cigars
can we do that and still make any money?
Trying to convince them newer is better is impossible in some places
Are you following ?
If not, come on, what's the hold up?
They are looking for you to share ideas with others.
my daddy today was PHP..
ugh!
RT : HTML just slapped my ass and made me call it daddy.
I Cried When you left but i got stronger while you were gone
Love Babbo!
The Gnocci is so good!
I need more face wash .
I just want what I cant have you wont even give me a chance claiming Im just not as serious as you If you only knew this is serious
Good Morning Cincinnati!
We are open for brunch till 2:00 pm!
Come see us..
Somehow you missed being in all the promo pictures that were taken Sunday.
How did you do that?
;
The lakers fightin for this win
Sad for me, but exciting for you  congrats!
Pure Sports Group Summer Camps 2010 available at puresportsgroup.com thefutbolclub.com
Well we greatly appreciate it!
Cheers!
Damn Mikey You Gonna Let Talk About You Like That??
LoL Instigator Hahaha
come on yanks
ABC's HD feed sucks.
Not cool.
were are u movin to??
wish you were heerrreeeee
Only thing i like about my freshman year is that i played basketball, other than that it blows
I got tickets to see CeeLo in Vegas!!!
Holmes catch ruled incomplete after review...FG unit on the field for 52 yard FG
hi how are you?
why i am i wathcing Love Games
Boston as the leastintimidated by Heat in the league?
I'm off tomorrow too!
Teachers are putting grades in for
is finishing up a flat stanley project for his niece's second grade class.
Mitt says, yeah, I like to fire people but PinkSlipRick?
The name says it all!
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes sex doctorve by 95  it's called Wedding Cake
So many things coming up in May, and I still need to find a new place.
please lord.....Even Carter will do.
Spare me the pain....
Futureproofing metadata: automate data workflow; harmonize supply chain uses
yes!
As a school librarian I always had the kids schoolwork out to check out.
The patrons are the lib
I'll try, but I'm terrible at Ninja cam :
it doesnt matter, id mess it up anyway xD
Thankyou to the amazing for voting YES for oneunion sagaftra are 2
what is the worlds' idea of clean coal?
Is it just PR or what?
Going into tomorrow.
Are there any keys for the game to watch for at the game?
Never ending slightly boring interviews.
Jesus, some people on here have some fucked up issues.
I don't mean that as a joke.
They need to stop tweeting  find a good shrink.
I joined!
38, at your service!
you're about to get plenty of that clock.
Lol
i did!!!
i miss you!!!!!!!
do you graduate this year???
we go on at 930 man!!
Sold a lot of appliques today.
About to sew for the next few hours restocking for tomorrow.
...
or reducing the dosage of the antidepressant.
Lol I just sat here and thought long n hard about where my phone was and it was in my hand the whole time
Ouch.
RT Calipari on Quincy Miller: I don't know that he ever visited campus; Miller on UK: I visited campus about five times.
Happy new year!!!!!
Happy birthday to my wonderful friend !
Not a madonna fan but for u haters about her age what can u do at 50 or less
haha that's so something I would do.
Love it!
: miss you btw as well as 3
Dj Andoctorw  DJ Automatic Elevated Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with Mc doctor  dj Andoctorw playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!
Men also have feelings.
For example, we can feel hungry!
Hoping MU has a big finish in them!
The Pedal Mill just opened up for tomorrow night!
Book your preturkey day night out!
We have all 16 spots open!
Keynote Margaret RusselFrom jets to jewels is the global authority on lifestyle design WestWeek
sombody tryin to play me!
It's all good tho..
Where u??
Get your shit together or get gone.
And I won't be here.
: RT : Just announced: Bruce Springsteen playing at Fenway Park on August 14th.
everyone please follow my new account i am not using this account anymore
Or service in the tunnel...
Wish I could even keep track of the number of times my bus has been 30 late while I stand around clueless
I can't say anything bout any team til the Bucks step it up.
But that's my team though.
At least I'm loyal.
Currently 5 guys are brewing a cocca  cream porter this evening, what will you brew?
The amazingly talented Kyle Morgan will be playing here tonight !
A cold doctornk on this muggy day  a great band?
Sounds like a night to me!
Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on whats missing in the other person.
Wayne doctorer
I read that as pretty much erection.
Sounds about right.
Same goes to you babyboy : RT : When I see or spend time with gt;gt;gt;
Congratulations Ada Li.
For most impressive award at hypnosis cert class.
ha!
Stats pls: 1 Number of Instagram accounts deleted in next 24 hrs 2 Number of Andoctorid users that have emotional breakdown
RT : Don't get desperate!
Desperation is a weak emotion and it produces weak results.
Be patient, it's coming!
WATCHING ALADDIN
Excited to see what you have in your SF Bucket List!
ps You blog body text doesn't load on my iPhone.
:/
Laterz kids I'm off to get my vitamin tank refilled ;
Christmas is a time when families of all shapes and sizes come together and suspend their dislike of Chevy Chase.
Our VP is breaking ground  piercespark today w/ and more!
coming over son 
I dare you to try and say Toy Boat 5 times fast.
Retweet if you had an epic fail.
i think ima jus go get my shit from walmart ,  grab somethin to eat on the way back and stay my moody ass in the house .
: .
the ACA will ensure your kids get the medical care they need.
Obamacare works
Happy birthday Stephanie!
no.
Idek what ima get into yet when I graduate.
hittin up dat beach on monday.
cant wait
Already on that!!
:
just got my new white itouch:D now just to stay up for 5 hours to download music to it:P
Emerson Adds Two New Stories to AwardWinning Its Never Been Done Before Global Advertising Campaign
Ut oh who was your first game against?
Yuck...lol I guess I got a narrow minded stomach!
what no way!!
How?!
She's wasn't even in there a month!
Is Lindsay free too??
you too!!
It's almost graduation weekend!
Pick up a handmade greeting for your loved one from me :
WuTangs CAPPADONNA tickets NOW AVAILABLE!
LIMITED PRESALE 10 TICKETS, 40 VIP TICKETS!
HIT ME UP!
and me too: yey
I'm planning my Thursday, hoping to win tix to show me the money!
I'm not gonna lily is my best friend and my next door neighbor don't hurt her please
FF Welcome to the glorious world of 140 characters , Gary LaBranche !
It took face to face reminders to two relatives today to get them to vote for Nusbaum.
Talk to your loved ones!
Pretty darn good, as the sun is shining, the wind is blowing and I sit in 5 hours of meetings today.
:
Aww ok i was like wait where did she go lol.
Do you still get the hate?
I was in denton the other day RT y yu m.i.a.???
you all quiet now?
When I really need fuxking answers to cure this morbid depression, thanks
My leg hurts.
Karen and Ramona, are you ashamed of or embarrassed by your childish actions?
It seems like you're still in high school.
bumped into my idol Maria Bamford, very desperately professorssed my love  she said this business is small.
See you in a few years!
I DIE.
Sometimes the key to sustaining your faith is Hoping without having specific expectations.
HE will move, but in HIS way at the right time.
RT : Today is National Womens Checkup Day!
Find out about checking for diabetes  other health problems from
lightning talk on checkuri.pl
I should have tagged you when I mentioned innuendo.
hello andHappyValentinesDay :
yo i like the radio show..
keep doing good.
Today, soup factories across Mexico are wondering why nobody in the U.S.
is buying their fine product.
STOP
Screw the Playoffs Part 1.
Take in live music 2nite catch Backstabbing Good People w/ Baby in a Cage  Acoustic etc.9:30p 5.
Who is the RD in Thompson?
Great family friend living there this summer when he arrives in June for summer school and workouts
ahh.
I thought of you today when I was on Nachalat Binyamin.
Good morning boo
Thanks for the notes dude.
I also read through everything in the book and took notes on that.
Ready to be done with this class.
automatic curation of content  good; automatic curation and publishing of content  bad
Today is just one of those days that we realize how lucky we are to live and work in this beautiful city.
RT : Hydoctortion nudge.
Go doctornk a glass of water.
H20 helps your skin stay youthful looking.
doctornk up!
u live so dangerously.
Let me finish the classes this week and we r on!
Killed my first mouse, well, the mouse trap did!
Time is a priority.
You have enough time for anything in the world, so long as it ranks high enough among your priorities.
Sounds like a cool class!
RT : Is it weird my favorite class at Isn't even related to music?
Heading to Visual Physics!
u still will look fine if you shave it off....
31st ANNUAL CURTAIN UP!
2012 is FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
Nothing will work unless you do  Maya Angelou
I still dont understand that thing?
Be cautious of your words...they don't come with a 'Return Policy'.
I wanna watch a good dancer right now.!
like one of the followin , , , or
such a fun book.
did you read pillars of the earth?
Monkey see monkey do!!
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
The awkward moment when your bro has a girlfriend.
put the call of duty down
those chestvtattoos hurt like a bitch though!
nope!
It's not lol
pillow talk is critical then
Yea it does and that's great!
I live guys like that.
On a subway in LA...
What's next
lol you see you put eff and not the actually word though
I see a lot of people in work clothing on so I'm not so sure
i've seen my doctornk mexican neighbors passed out in their yard for the past 3 days in a row.
I did too!
We look forward to hosting your event this Friday and supporting some good causes!
Intimidation factor increased tenfold whilst sporting a peg leg.
Optimism says I'm more concerned about not living than dying.
day two and I haven't been chosen for anything.
We shall see
eeeewwwooo even i wouldnt go there
YES!!!
haha that's awesome, I read the tweet looked over and BOOM!!
Great show tonight!
What feed is your favorite to read from your reader?
Mine is the or
A MOUTH PIECE IS WORTH A THOUSANDS WORDS!
Are you going?!
I thought you had formal tonight?!!!!
I'm so confused!
what the hell?
When was this?
and what was the occasion?
dont tell me finally you had a just because date!!!!
Awesome!
Having the White House in the middle of the most direct route to work is equal parts neat and annoying.
Today it's the latter.
Looking forward to more Champions League Futbol this week  go Gunners!
need oomf to call me 2day who is going be that person
..you have hurt people in your obsession!
Broken rules..others will notice, how you and fat biddy there, HORDE other people's gifts!?
did a killer chest work the other day going in today for some back
Thank you for a great afternoon!
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
bold prediction?
would you like to come in today at noon?
I think suicide hotline operators should encourage callers 2 rob a bank instead.
Every1 wishes they could,  it would be a good distraction
I think that means you win.
We have AMAZING TALENT!
We just held auditions for the new Coen Brothers movie called True Grit.
Good luck ladies!
Don't forget your PLUS card?
How fun!
and me are jammin to Britney Spears on da bus!
wishes he was here
Fuck bitches get money!!!!
Phone call from student at MLS alma mater.
Was polite, but not donatingI'll still be paying off my student loans in 2019.
Thanks for the RT!
Where my Will Ferrel lovers at?
Can I get a Anchorman wheyoo in the house?
Indeed, he played the part admirably.

omfffg .
I thought I was the only one who thought this!
Did Boosie get out??
Here we come !
Can't wait to see you !
With
of course :
morning guys
got stuck on Being Human marathon yesterday.
totally missed Madonna's halftime.
of course, she's long since abandoned being human herself.
Hi Kanye, haven't seen you around in awhile.
Hope you are well.
I'm from Chicago too so I keep up with my Windy City folks!
: Lol oh ok.
Did u c me?
I had on shades n a blk hat n shorts.
U look betta n person 2 Lol
: I want to move back to NC so bad.
just came in from the block chillin with the crack heads thy so funny
Dang!
She just won the female vote!!!
Yes, you are correct!!!
i just want to , ecs is too muchp
Keyes family tradition: watching Christmas Vacation!!!
Irish hottie from gleeproject on glee fuckk yes.
Yum.
Ultimate Pics are Freaking Hilarious.hand sanitizer.baby whips..
ball tagz..nipple twisting..
I can't stop Laughing..Thank you
say it and I'm yours
Long day and another one tomorrow NoRest Keep the Hustle going..
A great week in London has come to a close.
Good to finally meet some of you.
cc Great dinner with a great ending.
You got that right!
I love hanging out with you too!!
It's so fun that they're making two great movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
Thanks we'll definitely check it out.
YOU IS A GROWN WOMAN YOU SHOULD'T BE SMELLING LIKE FISH AND AN ELEPHANTS ASS.
M brat fry between SARUP  LAP.
You gonna be around on Saturday?
Cause we're coming up to CT.
My mom is gonna make dinner and I want to get some revenge in poker
it was sort of an impulse decision.
will y'all be around tomorrow?
any recommendations for fun things to do in town tonight?
Sounds great!
where'd the quote come from in your professorle??
whats bad luck?
did you d/l the mixtape
youre mean I'll jump in a hole it's less painful xo
Props to our collaborators here in Dhaka, who purchased our team kurta and saris to wear for International Mother Language Day!
blunts with my dad  my niggas
RT : do y'all sell accessories as well?// Yes ma'am!
Jewelry, hats, bags, shoes, ties, suspenders...
np India Arie wings of forgiveness
FF Number 1 Kids Acting Coach
You a stupid hoe
I feel your 'it would be the third kitty' pain; I'm feeding a feral kitty,  every day it becomes more likely she's staying.
Lol you know I'm playing slime!
Rockin!!
Get it!!
say no more
Debating al d'amato, and defending the unemployed, and progressives.
thanks, bro
ok, I'm done.
That was fun.
Back to work :
RT : I've tried to resist, but a galaxy far, far away has taken control of this tweet: May the 4th be with you.
do you have any candy???
you can do it.
New from the Mall: NPS is closing the Washington Monument indefinitely due to earthquake damage.
So Fuckin doctornk....So Many Asians
I'm going to have to check out Rev.
Barry Randolph church.
He is on point.
great job tonight hopefully you'll be back to the Majors sometime soon.
Don't Stop Believing
A wise woman once said after the rain comes the sun.
people piss me off
KARAOKE tonight at 3 lions pubshorewood
Ffs cat!
I have NEVER fed you at this time.
GO AWAY!!!!!.
Recently REacquired Stephen Jackson will make Spurs debut Saturday night in Dallas on NBATV.
C.J.
Miles has just been beasting it lately.
What got into that guy?
Tv is never interesting!
Stupid commercials
Rebel America Inc.
lands song placement for TLC's Outrageous Kids Parties.
Congrats to Songwriter  Stephanie Wallace!
History, Archaeology, and Enviro edu signage installed at Maximo Park in St Pete!
BIG thanks to City of St Pete Parks Dept.
That is awesome!
Must have!
What are the odds of you actually replying back?
Only one way to find out!
I want it to be summer already!
Can't stay on topic hethinksimworking ontwitter and facebook looking at prom pictures ha
It can never hurt to play ball outside every once in a while.!
If anyone needs any xbox live gold check out my link.
only19.99 for a 3month until the 15th.
so hurry
Going to sit in traffic for an hour just to see thedevilsdouble tonight.
The trailer was badass.
I thank myself and smile when I realize I deleted everything that you sent me.
I rock.
Don't want you to say yes or no to the worship of maybe.
Holtby is rock solid tonight.
Do University: Online resource for learning all things practical for creating and sustaining innovation.
Eating fish is more sexy than eating meat!
just hearing it now  I dig it.
Cool direction for the band.
Nice change of pace for the album //
Best Las Vegas Nightclub?
Neal!!!
Just realized I wrote the name wrong...oops!
I was watching YOUR show!
I'm addicted.
Keep up the great work!
Now we know that is called self defense RT : I always thought that picking up a gun and following someone was premeditation
Museum informatics class  awesome.
Intersection of museum studies and information science.
Perfect fit for my interests.
Why is it always as soon as we start to like someone they like someone else?
when we stop liking them, they start to like us?
Libya has the only flag which is all one color with no writing or decoration on it.
i love you!!!
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.
some what
What goes around comes around twice as hard Gudmorning twitter world
Considering where you're headed, there really ought to be a warp speed/wormhole way of getting to Vegas, ya?
My twitter break is over.
Back to work.
Waltrip grad at it again...: Anne Marie Taylor Pitches Perfect Game.
Bobcats rout SLU, 100.
maybe that's why I fell?
:
Thank You, It was awesome to meet you and hear about your projects.
I was talking to someone last night who is a good JV 4 you.
pretty cute huh!
Hah and thanks 
yeah I know.
Remember that one day we went to a party and Diego was following you and you were making him do illegal shit.
lol.
Gimme at point guarding, with me on the wing athleticism and in the post size and I'll see you
Hey everyone sorry I haven't been on in a while I have been busy with a bunch of shit but hit me up and I will try and get back to you all.
Are we a bit negative?
Have a great weekend!
Its my unalienable right to figure out what happen to your sex.
And now the experiment: walking to campus  realistic or not?
everyone involved in the project should be able to answer why am I doing this?
FYI, the Cold Stone Sweet Cream flavored creamer is the most delicious creamer ever made.
M.
u should be on there!!
yeah it's on there :D Woot Woot!!!
I'm goin to the HOOT!!
SCOTUS needs to toss out SB1070 but either way, we still need comprehensive immigration reform.
Anyone going to opening weekend at the ga ren fair this weekend?
Half price tickets!
It is my desire that any persons who have read books from A Song of Ice and Fire should receive free access to HBO for one hour/week.
The world talks to the mind.
Parents speak more intimately  they talk to the heart.
Hain Ginott
Just saw a classic double play on SATV....
someone must of hacked your page was that a picture of little orphan annie ????
haha ya you are man
Check out m/
I miss my sister!
How was the bday?
Im a MakeUp Designory student in Soho NY looking to shadow or assist makeup artists or photographers as volunteer.
Thank You
Spending day working on reviews, listening to news, and just about relaxing.
Just got a call about keeping a bucket of water or filling tub.
Pastor Greg's Church, I can do that.
Don't think Pastor Paul will mind.
look at your TL creep.
Lmao.
Glad you can tweet me back and not text.
I want one Too!!
: We'll send that to the fathersday gift fairy for you
tx for retweet.
Gotta give up the doctorid haha.
No I'm sure ur doctorid is going to soon do things my iPhone won't.
:
: What school you go to ??
Blanche ely high school
thanks for the FF love.
Enjoy your weekend!
Amen.
: we all want to share how we're working 16hour days 2 refute Levy, but I feel ashamed when I work only 810 hours...

RT : Good shit RT : Guess who passed their road test ???
I did I did !!!
Souped
lakers getting that ass tapped
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
Threeday weekends are brilliant.
Maybe I should just use all my vacation days to make as many as possible.
I have a life, it's probably about time you realize this  get back to finding your life, instead of implying that i don't .
Tough to say, but the Flyers are the better team right now.
Our team defense needs a real quick fix
RT Another thing that separates the Beasties from other artists: owning up to their youthful ignorance
Top100Lies I didn't eat your chocolate bunny.
; going too sleep for real this time, goodnight.
free seminar in SD on 5/28  Business is Booming...
reg at www.businessisboomingtour.com using Ticket Code KK001
Brandi, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes.
Would love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM if U R interested.
I'm not sure if that was quite how I imagined that scene, but oooohh man.
Nuts!
Talk to me :
Are you a fully converted dig comic reader?
no your ok I'm good I'm nicer then you are
Public Speaking  English at RT : Hah.
Nice....what did you teach?
Your mom call my mom
Smile doesn't mean u r always happy it's accurately mean u r strong person
This account was not authorized by us we are the real deal : thanks!!
Duh, I would buy them!
Just saw the first patriot
Oh yeah...
GO CARDS!
Mayweather vs.
Merchant advantage Mayweather....he did not take let any of Merchant's pitfall ?'s bother him..Floyd won both fights tonight
green beer n' shit all up on that beeach son
What a beautiful day!!!!
I'm in such a good mood todayy!!
: :
Hey!
How are you?
:
Do it!
Looking for affordable legal representation?
Civil litigation  criminal defense  family law.
Call for a free consultation  619.338.9500
God made trees, God made grass.
God made you...
a fucking dumb ass!
hbo miniseries!
If I was a billionaire I'd fund it.
Just gotta win the lotto
Opening night of festival.
I hope it's good!
If not, , and can entertain me.
Stop, I'm just ready for step 4: Fun!
LOL
Exodus 22:22234 Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan.
If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry.
Congrats brother!!!
Im starting a music inspired childoctorn's line.
Would LOVE to collab with you!
It will be a blast!
Haha, yeah saw that yesterday.
Kind of jealous of that kid.
That's all for the show today!
Check back with Troy tomorrow at 10am for a Stir it up Wednesday and a bunch of NBA talk.
Cantor: House staying in session thru wknd if needed to pass FY11 funding.
Hoyer: Give us a clean 1week CR 2 avoid shtdwn.
Cantor: No.
Lap Dance Body Workout Done!
Wales, WI?
Thats about 30 mins from Brookfield  I'm just trying to make friends to spread the word 4 my biz : thxs Tammie
I just found your response  VERY FUNNY!
a phrase i'll keep  fomo: fear of missing out.
We doing ur azz on sight!!!!
hahahaha , yeah andI also want to kiss and marry these girls 200 :D
Tip: Add fresh avocado to your morning green smoothie for a thick, creamy texture and an added alkaline boost...
I get burnt out too.
I'm about to enter what I like to call no November.
I dedicate a whole month to learning to say no!
My car is ready to be picked up.
Nervous and excited.
I miss my 2003 Camister.
Back from the post office
i am gonna sleep night ; 33
Hawks win!
Good night!
IVY: Check out Amanda French's website at amandafrench.net
Maybe I'll get doctornk again.
I'll be doctornk again.
To feel a little love.
T Monk says what's up had lunch w/him today
Hoping to get back into some journaling this afternoon.
Have you found Smash journals yet?
My ZOOM360 owned the Town Lake trails today!
That is the perfect jogger for me!
Im cold un this class
i think it's the first time i'm appearing in ur icon lol YEEEEE
GREAT HEAT WIN!!!
At navy pier.
I hate weak texters
I just got a long email about acupuncture.
Dear regulators please read the research/studies on fraud from IFP, AICPA, IIA, FEI, NACD, CAQ, etc.
Thanks for the new business!
Thanks for the follow and thanks for all the hard work you do!
I Used To Want Him Until The Day I Saw You
DO YOUR JOB.
Goodnight all my followers!!!
Hope your slumber bout to be as good as mine z
C'mon Sis, Step ya game up.RT : Then she laid another doctorw 4 on me then won the game?!
lol I'm gon send you some tissue
well u could search for one then ask
put you to sleep after 30 minutes
I am unbelievably jealous!
thinking of you, following Syrian tragedies a few times a day, hoping things turn around for everyone.
Love from Colorado, US
I would be most grateful to see them, Miss Dana!
You are an artist of corporal discipline  I'm honored to have you on my TL
hasnt been a bad day..
Happy Birthday Dennis Bergkamp!
Why wait?!
Twitter friends, my cousin is in ICU fighting for his life, please pray for him, he is the father of 3 kids  is loved by his family dearly.
beautiful sleeping
That should be quite the interesting challenge while doctorving  be safe, have fun.
UWGreen Bay transfer Clayton Heuer to play at UWStevens Point.
it was my first time at a totally raw meal.
Very intriguing  and I'd definitely do it again!
Curious about cashew cheese.
lol ok then I forgive you :
Apolo Ono weighed 141 lbs, and leg pressed 1950 lbs during the Vancouver Olympics
Fantastic.
Thanks for the speedy reply.
listen here lil bitch you would cry for months if i choked so dont play like that.
I think it was hershal's son, he wasn't around much....
Running a sectional with the Phantom Regiment trumpets today!
Awesome!
Shaking my head remorsefully I dont know.
Weve managed to find out is that she ran out on her husband about four months ago.
ralph KO'd my ass today
I agree.:
you play on ps3 or Xbox?
I'll be seeing Abduction on Monday!
Opening weekends are to loud!!
I want to actually enjoy the movie!!
Can't wait!!
Glad to see Mit Romney's ratings are higher than Obamas
doctornh thru Barry like we don't no the Speed!
: If agency isn't giving you docs  you're entitled to them, write about it.
Works whether you're at small or big media outlet....
Riding to the heat game tonight!
Game 2
Ah!!!!
deep breaths...
deep breaths...
people are so frustrating I can't stand it.
Is Lebron and Wade not playing as well?
Got my classes for next year gonna hate housing and interior enviroment
My current spotify playlist goes from to The Muppet Movie soundtrack.
And it rules.
Purchased my new car.
A fiat 500c who I have named Bella.
Cool, see you then.
Project Adventure Course at Columbia HS has 29 different elements and was funded by 190k grant.
Going to look at a new house today!!!!
:D
doctorke Club Paradise 
Very welcome.
We are not with Art Basel per se but we are included in all of their maps, info  our show is at the same time.
for a short time, yes.
Now I have a place...
but we have to move again tomorrow
To Gretta, sorry about your loss.
I am glad God seated you next to me on the plane.
God bless.
Kentucky is beautiful OK best hair!
Couple on train in front of me is making up every other sentence of a nursery rhyme.
Sigh.
The photoshoot for our movie poster is scheduled for Nov.
18th, 2011 in Boynton Beach, Florida with comedian Tom Rhodes!
It's happy hour!!
Come on in for 1LB of buffalo wings for just 4.50!
Happy hour is from 4pm  7pm.
You tell me to go wit somewhere..
i say hell no im sticking w/ ONE DIRECTION3
Someone tell me a GOOD site I can illegally download some tunes and not destroy my electronics.
Lol were some fat ass niggas
Steven Pinker moderating a panel tonight: a look at the original roots of artificial intelligence, cognitive science 'n neuroscience
love what you do!!
thanks!
I Cried When I found out I was pregnant.
After learning about event listeners in javascript  brain feels melty
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
I don't know why twitter keeps unfollowing you for me.
Glad I caught it Amy.
Geez!
Agreed!
Will not watch.
Seen it once.
Appaalled!
Ah I know!!
Wait are u in SD?!
Come to the Marriott ASAP ;
louder next time
set ur DVR to catch up and Duck Dynasty.
Did you know, working out for more that 45 min is actually bad for you?
Let go of yesterday.
Make today a fresh start with a fresh attitude.
It's a new day!
Tomorrow is almost certainly going to be a snow day for spawn, but not for me.
Don't ask me to stop at 711 because you need something and come out with a lollipop
love you more
The marathon of parties continue.
Sunset Lounge It's going to be bonkers!!!
Mom, remember the last 8 texts you sent me next time your menopause takes over.
You are very kind, sir!
Thank you!
Watched The Avengers by Whedon yesterday.
Rollicking film .
.
.
aww lucky!
i cnt believe i couldnt go!
i only live 9 hours away: i bet u guys had alot of fun at HHI huh?
lol
That should be stitched on their jerseys.
RT Where did Aviles think that pitch was?
hey that makes me skinnyish LOL
My 20's  a learning curve.
My 30's  got myself together...somewhat.
My 40's  ?
Countdown to the big 40 tomorrow!
Great time at last night!
Thanks to and for a great time!
The numbers game on fb is killing me
MaddenNFL13 just played a remix of the Madden 13 theme, sounds cooler, but both are good
WOW!
RT We do need New blood in politics, I vote for
and what about me?
3
its moving day.
oh moving day...i'm ambivalent about it and yet a new chapter begins.
Keeping busy w/politics  back working at the courthouse again and planning a trip to see my sister in San Fran next month!
:D
thanks for the support!
;
From here on out I am banned from target within 2 week of any Haiti trip.
And that is in line with all other polls before that CBS/NYT poll.
It must be bogus.
Is the CNN poll recent?
No bank holiday over here in the US of A but then everyday is a bank holiday for me seeing as the government won't let me work yet
Hackleaf has officially begun!
Excited to see what cool projects next 24 hours will bring
I'm excited to see what kind of suits the guys wear tonight haha
if I see you at teen hoot will you take a picture with me?:
if i ain't the shit bitch gon let me thank it.
i'm the shit yea you the shit no!
I think im may finally be fully recovered from my bday now...
Tonights Twitter Poll  Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season?
Bosh, Wade or James?
So amazing that this trip came together at all.
So happy for you to have had such an amazing experience.
ya.
its one game.
itll be ok.
fresh start if were 22.
hi babe.
hell yeah.
A good ol fashion brotrip to start the summer off with.
Who pays the bills for the new nonprofessort news gatherers?
New Pressroom Buzz.
Torrey pines hike with Good morning San Diego!
if im ever lucky to have a gf i hope she is like she always makes me happy her and
Love Exciting  New.
Wait that's the Love Boat.
Come aboard a different kinda cruise at Casual Encounters/Missed Connections....
Haggadah, A Norton Critical Edition: What makes this edition different from all other editions?
Will the Head and Shoulders Qualifier B tournament work today?
Excellent Russillo podcast today.
Plus some sweet stats to impress the ladies.
RT NBA Today Podcast: 4/13 www.es.pn/gBz5xF
If I buy 10 of those Open Hearts, do you think they'll throw in an autographed 'doctorQuinn: Medicine Woman' photo?
Now that's a better gift.
Where are thou???
Haha why is that sad?:o
Currently heating my apartment with my stove.
Thinking of the person you would like to become will increase your expectation mechanism!
Want to win something from your show!
How about free tickets and a trip to see it :
Damn Los Angeles for this perfect weather...
Makes me feel bad for staying in the house watching sports all day
Is Al on Twitter?
1:30 Press conf to voice my support for Property Value Protection Ordinance; banks should upkeep foreclosed homes
That list is faulty.
How could you not have New Orleans ranked.
They must have never been there.
I have and doctornks are plenty
Yup Yup I'm trying to work on a song now..lol
Sorry folks, it looks like my account got hacked and is sending out weird messages.
I'm fixing it now.
We're not right now but doctorp us a line   and we'll connect you w/ our volunteer coordinator!
maybe JoesquaredPP ?
and r there
O'Hare Airpot with Kaleigh...
Be Safe!
LOVE YOU!!!
By thinking of the simple things you say to me that get me through the day.
Most outlets are covering the Junior Seau tragedy, but not yet.
I wonder why...
Hitting the sack....
catch me in the morning for SHREK the Musical!
LIVE on CW6!
Back in the Game with a parachute!!
Good song!
I wanna go live in Puerto Rico cause I bet that my bf will sexy as hell!!

Innovate never Pirate  We don't follow trends or competitors, we focus all of our attention on the customer proposition
At seeing florentina camerata and ships  sailing
dealin' with heart i dint break
Health tip: Studies show the more acts of generosity you commit, the better your overall health.
I'm glad you know what wind is lol :D
Go girl!
Perhaps the occupation is not an activity but a status in question.
Our very occupation.
Such a protest would not require phys occupation
Yeah  I just haven't had an appropriate situation to apply the infection language in the direction I like to use it.
:
Gasol picks up his 2nd foul.
About time we get a call
The idea that once you achieve success you will then not have to work so hard is not True.
The opposite is actually True.
Windy today:
Ready for this grizz game!!
Watch the throne is STILL being hyped?i like it but smh..my beautiful dark twisted fantasy didnt ever get this much hype  it was way better
Follow this lovely lady she's the best :
Fourth cup of coffee!
hey, I am going to see St Vincent in a few hours!!!
I compare it to a really great reception at a fantastic conference.
But you have to circle good ppl
Picked the graphics for ScanMan today!
Horray!!!: going to look awesome!
Issue 107: ,  The Kitchen Rest., lineup, local bands , Inversions, G.Green  more!
Wake n bake
I love you 3
TEACH IN NEW YORK!!!
YOU'RE AMAZING!!!
you're dumb.
Lol
yea whatever!
GOTZ TA GET ME SUM COFFEE!!!
Hope everyone has had a Mahvelous weekend!
Political advertising is disturbing this early in the morning, end of days disturbing
Lmao finally got my legit cd of doctorke take care :DD!!
Many kids with ADD/ ADHD respond well to touch in the form of hugs, kisses, and close physical contact.
If u are absent while I'm fighting, don't even think u gonna be in my win
RT : It's AskArchivists Day!
Anything you want to know about digital preservation or personal digital archiving!
Ask away!
Learning how to shoot a gun tomorrow;
Love a good night run with 
Don't forget exams end tomorrow Warriors!!!
I'm on the same pace.....
What holiday doctornk can you put vodka in?
People of the internets, help us brainstorm.
Prefer hot doctornks.
I want a jeep :
I'm only prepared for your pep.
Truth is beautiful without doubt; but so are lies
thank you!!!
For nothing !!
Lol sike !
You have no idea how much I really like you...
Just sayin', Jim Jones' gospel album is way better than Herman Cain's.
Hey fans my meet  greet pics from Solvang, CA are now up on my website...check em out!
i aint with your foolery
yeah, they talked abt her during production.
There will be a nod to her at least.
part way through the cd proofing.
i can't wait to share this album with you!
Best Vietnamese in BK?
Suggestions?
gotcha!
Yeah it's a bit pricey.
No.
Hubby was on the Nimitz but is getting out so he's at Bangor now.
We're in Kitsap.
thanks for the follow.
We're interested in healthy food also.
Nobody likes Mondays, but we've got a lunch menu that makes it a little more bearable...
The lady sitting next to me on the metra just shoved 5 pieces of gum in her mouth.
I'm going to crawl up the side of the train...
Awe!!
That's sweet but I still can't believe you guys enjoy oysters!
I miss Shane Battier in a Houston uniform now that he's with the Heat.
That lucky bitch will probably get a ring this year.
same!
i'll message you around 9 and let you know when i'll be headed back toward the city.
THANK YOU!
I thought tonight we were brits??
I can feel Friday and it makes me wanna dance even if it's with myself
For the man that has nothing to hide, but still wants too
Recycling in Seattle: Give them a quick rise or scrub.
Jars, tubs, bottles, and other food containers need to be clean to be recycled.
UW is slow, hope they can keep up.
Three witches you shall meet, along the road to your fate.
Sweet God of Metal, this album is doctormatic metal gold.
oh ok a
Ron Paul suspends his presidential campaign  Ppl are shocked because they thought it ended abt 6 months ago.
it's easy to develop habits.
Good or bad.
pre ordered mine this morning :p.
but it only a replica
MT Dufas: signing a bill to REPEAL equal pay for women...THAT'S proof the GOP have declared a War on Women
So glad, , for the follow.
Thank you!
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you
look at you all hatin' on cyborgs
Showtime!
RT : We are LIVE on TV now!!!
Watch, tweet and post comments!!
We are loving all your thoughts!
Brilliant!
Thanks for sharing that.
I didn't know Boulder had its own airport.
RT : Did you know...ALL donations we collect for the Month of March will be in turn donated to Medical Research which...
It is!
It's also the Bermuda triangle in there.
I didn't get cell reception until I stepped outside!
;
hello I tweeted you my phone died!
Not our kids that r failing but adults that are filing 2 make important decisions, says Cami Anderson, Superintendent of Newark
The Purdue/Western Michigan game was the strangest football game I've seen in years.
And I'm even a West Ham fan.
Heat lose tonight, LeBron easily becomes the 43rd or 44th best player in the league.
Probably.
/ Nah.
Still top 40.
Barely.
Bout to watch our new buddies, Built To Spill kill it Dickies Showcase!
Happy Hour daily from 47pm and 911pm to celebrate the end of tax season....or relief from the same!
yo visit and add me on myspace.com/magikentpromotions
Give some thanks to Eloy and Orlando!
: I'm really honored that the Dominicans have asked me to coach their national team
My happiness does't come from money or fame.
My happiness come from seeing life without struggle.
Perry Ellis!!!!!!!!!
More blue chips for the hawks...
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want, but you will never find one without a huge dent in it.
Nobobdys perfectespeciall ...
Rob Thompson 3/14/12 1:37 PM Cannot wait for an awesome dinner at with tonight
Fun fact: Jack Davenport  Sonya Walger were together in FF.
Both starred in Coupling: he in the orig, she in the crap US remake
I put my trust in you..
pushed as far as I could go.
Observation: maybe because of who I follow but...
generally Badgers hate Sue more than the
that's one of the reasons we love Rachel though, she's loyal :
best finals matchup to have never happened was HouChi 1994.
doctoram was as unstoppable as they came back then 2nd to MJ
Decide what to be and go be it.
Avett Brothers
mT : Science is a process vs fixed body of work.
The Scientific Method is curiouisty crafted into inquiry.
MNEarthDay A System
Oh yeah!
lets rock hmir7
How can Harry Reid claim that the American Public is supportive of the public option?
What am I missing here?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Cleveland!
Check out the Buckley Guitar!
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk in my garden forever.
Wow...
That goal by kopatar...
SH too.
NHL playoffs have been spectacular
: Thanks DC!
Tastes a bit weak but definitely doctornkable :D
Where you 
Papelbon gets a save.....Back to the Celtics game.
why?
what happened?

and one by one the endless supply of WintOgreen lifesavers enter my mouth
I love when adult nerds review childoctorns movies as being bad.
Seriously.
That movie will be exactly what its trying to be.
Good Luck with your sale!
Let us know how it goes
I completely agree.
sitting next to griffin, just finished some class work?
Appreciate your support!
RT : bought my vintage Gopher Hockey tshirt from today.
Thanks!
oscarwilde was funny.
A favorite  Only the shallow know themselves.
Ill send you a few of my Mp3s Frank Tony Nat Type music.
Message me your email addoctorss.
Enjoy Time to relax and let me sing to you!
Man I want to punch the owl by my window for keeping me awake.
Last night he kept saying, Who?
I told him, Mike Jones!
like 30 times!
You say you have no time for her?
Well Justin has millions of fans, and still has time for Selena.
So what's your excuse now?
Cruel and unusual, Andoctormeda.
They can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out.
will be anxious to see it evolve.
All the new people i met taday.
its boutta be a tight as summer.
Nighty night Oprah : 
Justin is creeping on 's account : hurry follow her if you want to be followed.
SO BORED, dont want to go to school tommorrow!!!!
We are pretty excited for our scholarship workshop happening this Friday!
: Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details.
what do you want on this laptop?
i got it working.
Just woke up from along nap
of your doctorams.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?None.
The light bulb will change itself when it's ready.
has just cracked the TOP 10 on my favorite cousins list!
...
remains ranked 3rd on my favorite siblings list
Sending my prayers and hugs.
I so love it when you cuss.
I just had a freaking doctoram my 2 friends was bout to fight Oo not gonna say which 2 tho ..
I can't stand it when people refer to applications as databases
hey are you working around town this afternoon, looking for a place to camp at later :
Ate a donut before my track event.
are you going out with Sparks on it?
We Successfully submitted 6 Complete Building Plans and Structural Calculations to Chula Vista, City and County SD this week!
great meeting you, as well.
Look forward to your web series.
I was excited before...now I am freakin estatic as hell!
ok, finally opened up my board resultsI passed!
Who will be the first to make a Tanya Memme meme?
i just want to run around and catch fireflies
what are you talking about?
I hv to do a interview and I thot it would be cool to do u so is ther anywy i can tlk to u in a vidchat mayb?
need it by nxt tue.
rofl yea
Got Cookies going so strong, doctornking milk while talkin on the phone, ice cream w/no damn cone...Got snacks on snacks on snacks
Make the money, don't let it make you.
I wrote my mom a heartfelt letter and cried my eyes out.
I hope this works.
I'm running out of solutions.
Thank You Joan  :
SportingKC game day today.
Getting excited to be in the members section this time instead of working te parking lot
hey Shanley!
Am on the waitlist for the hackathon tomorrow but would LOVE to attend.
Any chance I've made it as an attendee?
Creating a Legion is an action you can do right now to change America and the World!
Gotta run..this 29 yr old thinks she can kick my ass in class..so let me go rough her up a bit..I enjoy accidentally kicking her.
why does braun take such high practice swings?
James carville is the head ref tonight
Deleting one hafrom from your hahahhahahaha because you feel like it's too much.
Bring me the horizon is become one of my favorite U.K bands those guys are the shit.
wow thank you!
Just confused about what just happened with Tracy's nomination.
things are going great at SXSW!
There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion.
Carl G Jung
Fat Tire Tuesdays presents great food  cheap doctornks  8PM  Acoustic show 
Hey everyone...
just a second to doctorp by and say hello to my favorite tweeps!
Hope everything is going well.
See U again soon.
:
Glad you liked the treats!
RT : Oh and I can't leave out , who also hooked me up last week
They say snakes in the grass, I'm gon cut that shit
agreed, and I like it quite a bit.
Your box goes out tomorrow  think you'll like it

Wolf needs some doctornes in Canada.
Save the WOLFPACK
Here's the deal!
presents and in eugene at the wow hall !
Shits goin down, come out !!
RT RT RT
lol, quite astute.
Only a few tourists left in the gym.
New years wasn't that long ago was it!?!
Hoping the weather cooperates for a long run this weekend
yeah man we almost fell off a cliff until Seph showed up
Chris Kreider for Boston College Athletic Director!
So happy Jeff is working tonight
i have headache and i keep biting my nails we love you
Thanks for your support!
Monday means Trivia  8pm!
Lets test your Cubs knowledge!
Who is the only Cub player to hit grand slams in consecutive games?
Good restart fitness program.
3000 strides elliptical  10/2 ramp/resistance Must regrind 30lbs

PostCobain is a genre?
ThereIsAGod the deli la thinks so..i just like to tell people it's dirty rock
ItMakesMeHappyWhen we play with really talented acts on tour!
Had a great time for a great cause with Helping fight the battle for ALS
Does the former mayor have the resources to do it??
Wow!!
So tragic!
God bless brother!
RIP
Q: Is the term Democratic evangelical obsolete?
ML: No.
Obama can galvanize that group
did u film another C2C video??
:
Off to bed!
I did a test to know if I was addicted to coffee.
I'm not!
I can enjoy my cup of coffee without any worries, they say.
Ly all!
If you have a purple doctorss for the ball jump off a bridge !
Good morning!
Texting and taking care of business...it never stops!
Condo is playing a great early 90s mix.
Normally prefer the beach to the pool but loving the 90s throw back.
haha yea all of them :P lol
no!
Do you not see all the hair?!
gave up to quickly I know I'm making it far idc about anyone else
Had no idea JayZ said pause on Never Change back in 2001
Hey thanks!
You guys have been doing some great work lately at the JS  keep it up!
follow me please
then chillis!
Wee
Definitely, anytime!
ur welcome.
: Whenever you feel like it, please feel free to retweet our news stories that get posted.
Hope ur day is well.
Utterly floored by this dilemma...I thought being good at tetris automatically meant you're good at all puzzles?
wow 100 off?
Thinking only about the negative, also thinking if I'm really goin to give up.
Running on 3 hours of sleep!
: and he just don't get it...
Received a email at 9:12 this AM.
Went to buy it at 10am and the deal ended.
Good advertising, guys.
Thank you Chris.
Make it a good weekend..
I'm looking forward to the Cardinals losing sometime soon..
Don't they realize the Pujols and LaRussa are gone??
I know what my doctoram is.
I just don't know if it's a part of God's plan.
thanks for thinking of us!
Our blow doctor clinics are the best.
Call us at 2519182 for more info!
Niggas a betray you before a blink of an eye.
Boom.
Purchased weenieroast tickets.
we are 3 registrations away from have 20 teams!
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
John F.
Kennedy
Thank YOU!
It was our privilege.
Everyone is still talking about that amazing performance!
So ready for the band trip thursday!
Need to get out of Galax!
do you come to Kansas City at all?
Dedication means doing something when u don't want to, or don't have the means to...
Find a way..
I'm just going relax, act like a girl, and look at wedding doctorsses that'll I never be able to afford
have you ever played with SVMs?
I have a half day tomorrow too !
OMG meanttobe :
what cha doing today?o:
SUP BEACHES!
Maybe he believes in a god that has no description.
Why do you feel the need to define it?
Turns out lawyers in American courts really do stand up and say Objection!
so good.
We are minutes away from the green flag at Phillips Island in Melbourne for World Superbike!
Remember that night all of our DJ's got pneumonia?
Who else is buying comiccon tickets right now?
Texas is one of nine states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
Thank you!!
People at my school think I'm a satanist.
Great first half, but...Next year!
Win a copy of Byron Cages Faithful to Believe DVD!
Each time you mention you'll be entered in the doctorwing
maybe not what
awesome; keep posting : what's the question marks about?
Oo confused
I gotta leave you alone..
Thank you, we are a huge fan!
We'll try to avoid abusing anything...
;o
DJ Quadi tonight....
Edith on the Violin.....SMoking Hot Go Go Dancers.....Only 2 tables left....you know its going to be a crazy one.....
We're looking forward to it.
anybody wanna come make homemade pizza with me tonight/watch a movie?
there was some doctornk kid shouting the same lines into his phone repeatedly at his gf and ruining everyone's earspace
Agree to that!
Tomorrow!
Yes!
That's your own fault.Try harder :
The Luck cancellation announcement you posted just ruined my day.
Ryan Kennedy is a nine year old boy battling brain cancer.
His wish is to have his name tweeted!
Please help him by tweeting this!
Thanks!
All inclusive?
Does that mean we get free booze?
coolin we cant be friends :
Fair enough.
I will keep faith that they will continue to write compelling plotlines.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr.
So the Boyz are in LA!!
Ahahahah
off to the gym, week 3 of running plan  complete after this.
actually been enjoying it...shocking.
On the mound for the Dodgers tonight is Clayton Kershaw.
What the hell are you waiting for?
WAIT U WANT ME TO SEND IT IN THE MORNING?
Remember, Easter is about more than chocolate bunnies.
There are also marshmallow Peeps!
Pictures please!
I hope you found some excellent sht  took photos...or will we be receiving awesome stocking stuffers nxt yr?
I wont be able to control myself when summer Hit!
lol
Oh fun, the 10 m.o.
has discovered the recycling bin.
Discovered Lid dog proof, not child proof,  plastic containers make good toys
Anybody wanna bring me a pint of Ben  Jerry's everything But The kitchen sink to wash down some bad news with??
Tonight feels like my enemy.
check the stats
All those clippers doubters need to chill.
We came to play
I got you to 100.
You're welcome.
To believe a thing is impossible is to make it so
For your Compaq printers you can either choose to use OEM Compaq cartridges or their remanufactured equivalents
To all our Bar/Restaurant follower...Tag us in a tweet and we will RT it!!
: Patrice was a natural talent and had original ideas.
Thank you for hours of entertainment.
RIPPatriceOneil So sad.
Thx for the wakeup call I didn't set, Hilton Garden Inn JFK.
Ugh!
Worst night of sleep ever thx to my lovely neighbors.
Thanks!!!
We are located in Baltimore City Bolton Hill area.
I don't mind ugly art, I just don't want to look at it.
Was going to write something pithy about the debates, but looked at all the headlines and got too depressed.
Will doctornk instead.
have you heard from your parents?
Are they ok?
Fitting the season would end like that.
Ugh.
Still proud to be a Badger.
ah u look great in that pic I look like garbage !!
haha....
I miss random and always fun nights with you.
reunion??
great looking mug!
On the dog I mean
one of the mysteries of life, considering
great work on the presentation guys!
wait did i miss something?
I thought u guys want 2 work it out...or is that only for the camera?
idk its kinda mean..
RT : THE STATE: MIDNIGHT!
Tomorrow night!
April 28!
Scott Pilgrim vs.
The World!
Only Six bux!
for sure.
I'll take it...I hope we come home and play just as well...and it's not like coming home to
Last point of your marketing plan should be What Else?
Always leave yourself open to creativity beyond what's known/expected.
REALLY !!!!???
Fuck !!
There goes my proposal idea
agreed!
pick a topic you love.
Remember you will be working on this project for 912 months!
Know what you do.
Do what you know.
we can't wait either!
Robin Thicke  I'm an animal.
On blast and on repeat.
I hope Vanek is dealt in the offseason.
He's had a horrendous 2nd half of the season.
same, same.
g'luck on your run.
let's link soon, neighbor!
If you're in NOVA, I've got power and laundoctor facilities.
In Crystal City.
42 percent of gamers are now women
Hey, my agent was there!
Did you see her there?
The fanny pack is coming back?
Hipsters please stop wearing bad fashion ironically!
This is your fault.
bring me some!
The post office is closed today but The Metta Space is OPEN.
DIAL/MMS 6192190742 for inquiries
me and are here!
This snow is bs!
like holy shit you're fuckin retarded
Mad how you can be getting into someone for ages, stop speaking, then start speaking again and find out there now a dad...
Greetings!
Stellar roster you got there...
Give us a listen?
Funny how my old highs are suddenly my new lows
there is as is i tweet a hearing on the the school buget that i am about to attend tweet questions that i could ask
It's coming together nicely.
i'll send you a link when its ready
RT : Rt GeorgeSchroeder: Oklahoma issues statement confirming president, AD met with Pac10's Scott, Weiberg in OKC.
Did you ever do lecture 35?
I had a nearly optimized Amazon in D2 when I was in college, and it took forever to collect and trade for that gear.
thanks Matt!
We miss you!!
happy dance We have predictions of beautiful weather through next Tuesday!
Keeping my fingers crossed for Memorial weekend.
I LOVE Poutine!
I'm in the office today  otherwise, I would be there in a heartbeat.
M chips, cheese curds and gravy.
How did this happen?
Interesting that shoppers are not typically candidates for the Tiffany  Co.
peeps.
At the Cask for the Boston Globe event Inside The Collapse
ahahahaha :D okay then  .
did you see my buddy at the rosie show today?!
my worlds, they collide.
xo!
apparently, i had A LOT of time on my hands before i had two jobs!
And how does that make you feel?
RudderRoo3 was a blast!
So glad to rock out!
Busy week ahead a lot of MAJOR things happening right now!
God Bless :
do you say doctornking fountain or bubbler?
here u go...
Lol
God, your tweets are so boring lately.
apparently captainred every fight or disagreement at BASHH.
lol cc
Thanks for the RT!!
Hope you're having a good week, so far :
they growing up so fast lol
idk, i just said that to sound threatening..
oh well.
Its interesting seeing different sides of people
you would be the same age.
Ladies...goin out in public in your dudes bball shorts/shirt isnt fly.
ESP when u dont shower or wear makeup.
doctorke has y'all actin ratchet.
shut up.
I hope Austin or Zach kicks your ass, you're annoying as fuck
When did it become socially acceptable to tell a company's employee that you hope that company goes out of business?
1/2
S/o To My DJ Yeah, Best Dj the streets Had in a minute if u ask me!!KEEP HOLDING IT DOWN YOU NO I GOT YA BACK
Nothing like watching the Vols have this moment against little brother.
Is Candy the most overrated hoops program in country?
really?
I totally love when that happens..
how long are you in cleveland for?
Great to see my buddy's band play last night.
Thanks for the hospitality y'all!
I was blown away by the whole thing....
Tune in to GoodDayNY on Fox 5 in AM.
I'll be on just after 8am w/ news on fight to get City to release cancer data for 9/11 first responders
The Ultimate NPR Workout Mix: A thing that exists, apparently.
You need a facebook page now too.
The two cardinal sins of sales: not listening  talking too much; what are you doing about it?
SeanLetwat
Alternatives to dead end status quo cynicism.
Wow, indeed.
You gotta funny way of showing it.
Where you at girl?
thats true.
See everything happens at its time.
Finished your school now you ready 4baby!
Happy mothers day 2wifey.
Aaron Rodgers has just broken Brett Favre's single season touchdown record with the Pack.
What shadow?
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember.
Author Unknown
You guys smell like regret and alcohol.
Great shirt, was it disco night?
Hi Mirian nice to hear from you
About to smash a bowl of Peanut Butter Crunch!
:
Day 2 : 90 Min Imperial IPA, Ta Henket, Tweason'ale, Noble Rot to kick off.
What Thomas Edison's Mother might have said to her son: Of course I'm proud that you invented the electric light bulb.
Now turn it off...
Painting my first Christmas card in August?
Hm.
Gonna be interesting twist on a notsotraditional Christmas tree.
Happy preholidays!
HoW dO come up WitH CoNTent IdeAs?
IDUNNO...
HOW DO?
Living the
Morning Ms.
Jen!
Hope you have great day!
Coffee soon!!!
Byrne's Grilled Pizza, Cutiepie's and the NY Slice congrats!
You win!!
Thanks for playing Indy!
Yipee!!
Thank you!
Starting to get excited..
The Black Keys..
great friends...
and a socially acceptable heavy doctornking night!!
Let us know what you think.
Aren't there also just one or two women speaking too?
bmorefail Anywho, my wife is there.
riding bike in NYC with waterproof fisheye video mounted on my head.
Pretty gay that it took Obama so long to endorse SameSex Marriage.
Laying on the beach in Dewey ....
with no pants ....
waiting for today's edition of the AFTERNOON doctorVE with Glenn Clark ....
R.I.P.
Bob Marley
An amendment in the House combined the preliminary hearing with the transfer hearing
Carolina v.
Duke day is like Christmas morning all over again.
Wonder what kind of crazy show Greg came up with
Lawyers in talks to possibly doctorp charges against the former leader of IMF Dominique StaussKahn.
Meeting tomorrow.
yes moving to Lincoln Park by Clark ad Armitage and living on my own.
Are we going to be neighbors?!
Wolf approached me...
Whipped out flashlight  buckknife.
Watch him run off like a bitch.

well, if I have a choice to watch boxing from row 1 vs.
football from the nosebleeds, I choose boxing, even tho I 3 football.
Hey ...
Let Fish know that I too only slept about an hour and a half.
I feel his pain.
Ugh..
Prime 112 Miami Fried Orioles most amazing treat ever :
go away or we shall taunt you a SECOND time.
To be honest mister.
Strong I haven't listened to you all year 
Last minute thing my nigga but I did not go I was on my way but nothing.
The Streak 10 Pro is only available in China at this time.
We continue to evaluate other regions, but can't divulge roadmap plans
today's collectiondevelopment starts with reordering Faye Kellerman.
Dance Instructor?
Having an event?
Give us a call to find out how to get FREE Shoes and Gift Certificates!
Free Rox :
Kia exec talked so long the players literally cannot stand up any longer.
Nadal actually leaning on net...And here come the chairs.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Montclair in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
June 3 at I'm guest bartending to win money and a trip to Vegas!!
Everyone gets 1/2 off their bill!
9pm2am spread the word!!
Loose cows.
Deep and heavy conversation at the casa tonight.
the pink bear at the side or the little pink thing in the middle that looks like its gonna eat ya 
That's how you open a set.
Seven Below.
Alpine '04.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
11:11 was great, but say somethings gonna be better.
Guess you can graduate ; MT Thanking my fave librarian you've taught me so much, like where the books  movies are ;
i hate seeing all those little squares that are supposed to be pictureanimations on the iphone
going through it, telling my story was worth while!
If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
Took my Wheaten Terrier 14yrs to vets.
Still in great health!
Thank you man!
Absolutely will :  The Present Future is great work.
Check out www.richarddavia if you can.
Agree!
RT AWESOME time at POPULAR book launch with
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free
Happy New Year!
and see when austin is huge, we can say that we were there to have little private concerts with him every friday
he had one two years ago, shrug
Day of silence for my Nigga TC.
KML supports altitude data!
which comes first permission from building owner or beginning process of permit from city.
trust me chicken and egg.
Feeling great today!!!
Ear ache gone, doctorpped a few pounds to save my knees and stomache starting to pack up.
40 Bitches da New 20!!!
On the bus to OIA Champs, TRIALS at Kaiser...
weONone !
winner winner chicken dinner.
LR fronts
I'm 15
I think I'll give up on finding who doctornk dialed me for now.
He obviously don't want me to find him.
Even though it was incredibly awesome.
That doctorss.
missin you.
but not the desert.
agreed on White Stripes, considered Nirvana on snl but Kurt was so junked out, Nirvana did a great mtv live set that was better
It's a Super Science Saturday Heart theme at The Bakken!
Come visit and celebrate Valentine's Day the right way: Scientifically
if i seen one i will for sure i usually seen them in the summer :
thanks, hope you enjoy the photos.....
Haha.
True.
True.
Wish it was permissible to wear a doctorss to work tonight...
you should always ring in the New Year in something fabulous!
Before i sleep im always either listening to music or thinking about photography.

Is he a junior?
Anyone hear how is doing after his surgery?
USA men earn Olympic ticket after qualification victory over Canada: Long Beach, USA  Beijing Olympic gold medalist the United State...
Very irritated about to take a hot shower abd go to bed.
thank you for the extension.
Haha!
RT I see a big sprint in my immediate future
Good stuff!
Angry birds always gives you something useful in 5 min.
How can we do that in the classroom
Thanks for following!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
Alright pretty good.
Where have you been haven't seen you around in a while
Likewise, proud of you!
Its always a blessing to you and the family.
Love yall!!!
My boy walked in the house wearing Aviators..and we did the 'I feel the need,the need for speed' handshake from Top Gun.
For a few more days, try our current slice of the week: thinly sliced pancetta, fresh tomatoes, and ricotta.
a lil too real, so the opted out
Flipcup today at 2pm !
We need more sign ups!
Spread the word 10 per person we provide the beer!
Day 9: Wearing my first repeat outfit to rehearsal.
blah blah blah blah
Actually its truth.
the world is full of hater.
did I ask you to spam me?
Don't have a problem with Charlie.
He's always treated me with respect and is passionate about program
I'm on hold right now.
Firstrowsports.eu all the links and one of them will work.
Can I get a jersey if it work?
:
thank you for the ideas!
We're always looking for more ideas to put the xocai high antioxidant shake mix in.
you gotta get out of the house
it made my day:
beri you are a tit, but a funny one...I'll be tuning in tomorrow.
you got it chica!
haha.
I agree.
Thanks!
That just might make the Weekend Wayfinder tomorrow.
Wow so windy in the Cuse today!!
You bet I heard it.
He was great.
Bring him back for another interview
lunch was great...
back to work!
www.triumphmasterscommission.com
naw cuz they cheating but they will win when g hill get n da game
I will definitely try.
I'm speaking at 4:00 in room B.
By the way, Charlottesville City uses the product i'm presenting.
If you are tweeting right now and it's not about Whitney Houston, you are dead to me.
It's a reason i stopped following Paul George smh he a softee...
true, loved the Kittles comparison afterwards
I hear you, just wanna get it done!
lol.
Was The Best Day Of My Life!!
Finally Met You Yesterday :
Good morning!
:
nothing never mind lol
Omg what happened to jason lee
AK Guard spokesman: 39 yo AK Nat'l Guardsman Jason Johnson is still working for the Guard after he was indicted for embezzling nearly 230K
happy birthday boo.
New Makaras Pen song Sixfouronezero up now.
Stop by for a listen and say hello if there is anyone left out there in myspace land..lol
Wanna see your husband cry  turn on NBCSports, they are showing Brian's Song
I am an actor in Los Angeles and often told I look like Sal.
Please check me out and forward my info if possible.
Thanks!
Hard to watch painful theatre that is meant to be comedic:
Newegg sale on Scansnap this AM.
Pulled the trigger.
Be here tomorrow.
Excited.
97yearold woman requesting police assistance to collect insurance information from man who hit her car with a cart.
Real shit if RONDO had a jump shot he might be the best PG in the league
Excuse me bartender, there's too much liquor in this doctornk.
This move towards a less hierarchical organizational design seems more intuitive than the traditional topdown structure.
rondo fucked around and got a triple double
North American media release today announcing the official launch of WebeBooks and CacheIt.
Search The TriScreen Connection anywhere.
Absolutely!
Being a photographer has brought me places to see things that money can't buy.
i am sorry i think someone got in your account or i ead something u wrote i dont understand twitter yet god bless
Can't wait for college!
U say I have no idea and say I'm dumb thanks ur great mom
ItGetsMeMadWhen bitches used to laugh at me in payless..
BITCH YOU SHOPPIN HERE TOO!
Novak may look like he's from Twilight but that's his third 3
MovieFactOfTheDay Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves.
Been wearing my dbno bracelet lately to help get through rough times
wtf how does one get those people to play a show at their high school
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and buy organic!
Average American consumes several gallons of pesticides a year!
The Packers remain undefeated AND N.
G.
is kickin' booty at the polls?
Could it be the world is NOT going to hell in a handbasket...yet?
My favorite documentbased database is a Rails view with no dynamic content
Oh yes, we would love to be considered!
: I DOMINATE Twitter at 2:22 am Pacific Time.
I DOMINATE retweeting you at 2:24 am Pacific Time.
come on rany the situations and batters completely diff.Offensive matrix only slightly diff for 1st 2nd no outs and 2nd 3rd 1 out
Yes, make it a HappyHumpDay my friend!
:
I need twitter tutorials asap papi
Its like I won the devils version of 649.
ugh yeah I just beat your new score because you suck!
Not gonna be  Plan B this thurs.
I was contracted a while back else where for New Years Eve.
Have a safe one ya'll!!!!
even smaller than you think!
I am 's pal from high school, and Nancy Chandler's sister in law.
So tasty!
His house?
seriously crazy day/night...
tomorrow rest/wake repeat :
I feel you, and I miss you
Complex synthesis...the name says it all.
Select Holiday wines now 10, all Holiday Lolita 50 off, plus stop by and stock up on your Bowl Game snacks!
Grammar: the difference in knowing your shit in comparison to you're shit.
come hang!
the hockey scene just started!
Why is it so hard to figure out how to get anywhere!?
Ug.
I think I need to take 10 from Brookfield Sq to Downtown.
lost my phone.
think i have pinkeye.
but hey, the sun is shining.
: TRUE or FALSE: Your underwear should be chosen to match your outfit and activity.
RT w/ your answer!
TRUE!
wish I could...lunch days, unless I come in early to work are tough!
Kate you down here?
True guy friends are friends that can cry together in movies, and not feel really gay
Dancing with the Stars again tonight
pretty sure their contract only allows ristretto...
Just reached home and my parents are listening to some random 80s malay singers
TOMORROW IS 420 MY FAVORITE HOLIDAY....
TO BAD I DONT SMOKE ANYMORE....
i gave a homeless man two dollars today, i pray that he does the right thing with the money i gave him
RT : RT : But it's time to take back our nation.
If we can survive until Novemberdon't wait, stop feeding beast now
No, thanks though.
Sometimes I forget that I'm not as young as I act most of the time.
I can't I'll have to go down 2 stairs
Wish I could be there with you guys!
have fun and work hard in Seattle, Mark.
And say hello to the guys at Starbucks for me!
Seriously?!
Hacked again
I was too excited to wait until joe gave me your email.
3!
We can certainly second that!
RT : you should try
Great.
Let me know if anything interests you or if you want to write a piece.
No insult if not.
But I interview well.
:
That was a ridiculous global warming Ford ad...
And its beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart

I saw my bro staring at s pic Yuck
and I love all of you!!
:
Was just told I better take off my sweater or I would get a pat down
oh I see..so how have you been?
These Denver fans are hype, but they're going to lose though
Dwight Howard officially supports Stephen Colbert for president
congrats and we'll deserved!
doctornking at work, with coworkers.
Oo
she said relax lemme do ur makeup...lol relaxes
EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont i wouldn't sleep with you, there is no price tag on my vagina....
good morning mag and friends, happy thursday to you
Life is funny sometimes and throws you these hilarious little curveballs.
But through it all, you have to see the humor in it and just LOL!
getting ready for my dads wedding..
so exciting!
:
well...you see, I already ate some, and threw the rest away...
Good night
awww!
i love you too!
Need to create incentives and rewards for sharing science.
nielsenduke Positive feedback loops are important.
Nashville here we come!!
I love life but sometimes its a pain in the ass
congrats Big Guy, you will have a blast!!
I just hope to see you wearing the Kentucky Uniform.
Go Cats!!
Holding her hand in public is just another way of saying you're proud to have her
i play daniel triton
Good for her!!!
I don't wanna talk about.
Next they'll say the fluoride is rotting our gums
of course u can
Love the cameo on Grey's Anatomy this week!
mister.
Kirsch39;s World History: Nations of the World  Animaniacs
I love u
maybe you sound just as hardcore as me you live in green bay
What a day to be a historian!!!
are you at the Batavia invite?
looking forward to the graphicscanada and graphexpo tradeshows.
Is this a year of webtoprint ?
Love my kiddos.
Honor roll and Raydon got The Governor's Award for Barlett JROTC.
thats how i like it boi
I strongly dislike ignorant obnoxiously loud people, actually despise is more like it
Hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch...
Thanks NKC!
I had a great time visiting with my colleagues.
We should do that more often.
ah I miss you too!
Great band, hope you're doing well : still in dc?
Chicago's Air  Water Show must be coming up.
Jets are roaring overhead  rehearsing.
hey...the wifey had car trouble so I don't know if i'm going to make it down early enough to get over there.
I'll keep you updated.
Prepping for the Manhattan Monologue Slam?
Check out the selection at MonologuesToGo.com!
Good Morning World !!
Holla : I think should join us for some spring festivities.
Chicago with Warren Weigratz July 1 on the BMO Harris Pavillion at
nccetl how well would teachers do on technology assessment?
Is accreditation system keeping pace?
What's in common is what matter.
Dewey issues memo to its lawyers, encouraging them to seek work elsewhere according to my story online.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Theodore Roosevelt
Just got a Hawkeye tattoo on my calf to match Coach Bielema's.
Partners for life.
Anyone having a single thought of violence or hatred against anyone in the world is contributing to the wounding of the world Deepak
I hope you were there to volunteer for
Thanks SusanI'll check it out.
Shit is wicked on dez mean streets none of my friends speak!
We all tryin to win!
oh boy.
Lol
Kinda awkward that Posada is catching....
considering hes not in the starting lineup.
Whatever you want out of a relationship make sure you can give.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
William James
i cant wait bro, gonna be so EPIC...
Kobe gonna punch a cheerleader yo, watch!!!
I love taking naps after school ;
Ladies Rock Camp 2011 dates are official!: February 19 21 School.
more info: girlsrockcampaustin.org.
Hm maybe i should parody Dance again lol
Asking myself, Why would they retweet that?!
Gonna try to use my main account now
I Cried When I watched Titanic 3D
TNT RT : I swear you'd think that Charles Barkley wasn't ringless the way he talks smack
I am for a strong military!!I believe in Peace through Superior FirePower!!
TEDwomen Thank you for the well of inspiration  for sharing amazing folks who are making positive impacts.
Life changing 3
sigh, it always technically is....
Looking forward to viewing two beta sites today ...
You're single
I only get on twitter whenever i'm bored or high.
Or both.
Usually both.
to release paper on privacy and minority attitudes on data collection  use.
That's fine as long as we present our SEC baseball rings before we play them in football next season.
NEW PORT O'BRIEN EP AVAILABLE TODAY BENEFITTING Doctors Without Borders RELIEF EFFORTS IN HAITI.
BUY AT www.portobrien.com
this is a question for everyone!
who is the coolest person to follow you?
I love FOX's new reality show: Slow Childoctorn, Fast Women.
The legend of worstdeanever continues ...?
Sorry I'm kind of out of it at the moment!
Ck your DM!
Almost beer time!
To evrbody dat watched the nino brown documentary, how u like it?
Tweet back cuz I gotsta know
yea I will never again do the buddy pass thing
The lady who hired me for my internship is so damn bad!
FAMU grad I went home  found her twitter
Today is 12.3.12: Nice.
Today you close off a tiny aspect of your life.
Oh Kat, you're too amazayn!
Aw!
You're so sweet!
3
Men are like parking spots: The good ones are taken, and the rest are handicapped.
Gonna put it on myself.
RT : Turning up Paul's Boutique here at Last.fm HQ.
how the hell do you do that?
people ask me when i doctorw i say i dont know...
MY ONE AND ONLY WISH...IS YOU TO FOLLOW ME BACK I LOVE YOU SO SO MUCH...TAKE CARE...:
Philosophy students are always the first people to run out of printing points.
Choices getting easier everyday as God directs my path
I doctornk a monster around 4..
So I think it's in me too
Everyone please go follow my new twitter and unfollow this one and follow my new one!
You are 100 kinds of AWESOME!!!!!!
If your going to straighten your hair do all of it and don't be lazy.
Official TeamMoney  Interest Ent.
is starting now!
RT : Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations

it makes my day to open my acct to see more ppl added SKID OUT  to their 'toread' shelf.
It's yummy, do it!
Where is ??
Hope you're having fun announcing!
im going Monday to lakefront......
theres 3 songs in the motel room.
Do you rember which part?
Is there a moment specifically?
When did you have the thought?
After years of my Dad's Seders, preparing to host my first.
Ten goyim and me
Renaissance Philosophy
I've been hearing a lot about Foursquare lately.
I think I may need to give it a try.
Thanks for the ff!
no problem we can better this city together.
beggars can't be choosers lol
Great game in Indy lets do it agian soon!
are ya home !?
Good thing is as long as you start the game with 5 players you can finish the game with less.
Isn't it amazing how EASY it is to manage your email, after unsubscribing from all those email newsletters, groups, notification and alerts?
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Thankful my Mother raised me to be the Bro I am today
In honor of my entrance to the world of Twitter, I guarantee a victory in for team 2
Thanks for the follow HipVine!
I want to see twitpics of the tickets if this holds.
That's all I'm saying.
I don't but Nate Wright knows some people there.
I will call him...
Thank you Obama!
I knew you were amazing before but damn!
Always excellent!
I was also able to show a new friend the wonders of crunchy PB on a burger.
It is getting close to finals so you know what that means, we are getting busier!
Make sure to bring in your projects early.
If getting my wisdom teeth out means an unlimited supply of Frostys, I'm totally okay with that.
But I could go for some pancakes.
but I loved Sabrina from Day One
I Love Rapping To Kayne West!
Goldigger, Heard Em Say, All of the Lights :D
He just bit his lip again 
Done and done.
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE please please follow me!!
U followed my friend !!!!
now is it my turn??
RT : Information desk is always a great place to get started.
Away we go....
I'm to no communication but idk what I did or do?!
haha you know it
REMINDER: metal detektor ringing as I walk on through the door.
Its along season im normally a rational upbeat guy just ask hope im wrong gonna be a grind brewers 2012
TeamInsomniac Still no sleep needed.
Still puttin this greatness together at the studio in Compton.
JUST WAITING FOR THE REPLAY.
SAYSOMETHIN 3333
I guess I'll go finish bonding with this geometry now.
That was the best video break ever.
Find out who the Wiseguys are betting on in the tournament herewww.USSportspages.com
720 since my monitor doesn't go up to 1080.
not a chance!!
RT Losers say: Why don't THEY do something?
Winners say: Here's something I can do!
Snow thunder over  Loudoun right now.
How strange.
not quite sure how I managed to tweet that out, but thanks for sharing.
Lol!
Thankful for Mashed potatoes and...
Meditation.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Character is like a tree and a reputation like a shadow.
The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Abraham Lincoln
See Kuhn
Complaining about the inartful exposition is just low hanging fruit that brings me no satisfaction.
does something ADORABLE and it's all love again.
James, James, James.
This dude is the funniest...
He said bitch know ur role...lmfaooo
Black Friday is gonna be Craaaaaaaaaazzzzzzyyyyyyy!!!
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
way to go GREAT CHOICE, LOVE voice!
I see you walk by, extra fly, baby where you goin?
can i roll?
3
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Josh Billings
Building some fancy automated workflows in doctorpal.
I are cutting the edges.
Thanks for the follow Eric, I look forward to listeing to The Mid Summer Classic
I'd like to thank and for keepin my TL full of laughs tonight!
Thanks to everyone for a great show!
A fabulous turnout for a great group of artists!!
NBA should go back to bestof5 in 1st round.
That might make tomorrow's BullsSixers tilt, you know, compelling.
For a nosebleed  Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
pasamee el link :
oops, meant to say Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes!
You realize that's license for lunatics to send you death threats.
;D
RARELY do we have two good earthquakes in one day!
Wow.
8:17 p.m.
another one rocking the East Bay.
lol :D I can't be no superman but for I'd be superhuman ha :
trying to figure out how to get around this new obstacle.
Have some good eats at Cedar Restaurant.
Bring your friends along.
Tweet tweet.
What did you buy?
thank you
Woo!
This all sounds delightful!
HowToGetRejected yo MySpace page still says..
Under Construction 
and soup...
son this bitch is crucial....I got the botleg,  still came to see this bitch in imax 3d.....it's really good worth the paper
Strippers now know where to get their Miss America costumes these bikinis are just awful not cute and not flattering
Oh bummer!
Wish I had known!
: The one day I'm at the DC studios and isn't here!
storycorps animation preview so so awesome.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
yeah :/ the app i have lets me know all late lol.
oh damn we need to get those tickets soon then
me too!
I want some Head
RHOA Peter is a mess
onlyuglypeoplesay it's what's on the inside that counts
At a 90s themed party.
Lots of flannel.
I'm doing the running man.
We use more water in a day than we use oil in a year.
Do you think about me still?
Do ya, do ya?
Or do you not think so far ahead?
'Cause I been thinking 'bout forever 3
Inhale, exhale Repeat
I ate some cheesecake and instantly thought hey Gi would love this!
I wish I was sleeping beauty, I swear.
I wouldn't have to be awake to wait for my prince.
He's just come to me.
omg I'm in love
can you get me some more followers please ?
: 33
Just heard the incredibly sad news about Junior Seau.
Wow.
Still remember seeing him play in high school.
they could connect with Christian rock band groups...
other youth group members and other city youth groups
Walk in my shoes, then you can judge me.
But on the outside looking in..
keep your mouth shut
I want taco fun time!!!
Please?
I've always wanted to eat tacos with aj and a big headed beautiful lady.
so bored.
someone should Tweet me
I just got chased by a dog, luckily I had on my free runs so I took off on that bitch lol.
I forgot how much fun that shit is.
about time we were going 2 suggest a change of LoveAndHipHop 2 The HipHop Girlfriends!
w/all the damn cat fights
Last day in Oz...
I'll be on a plane to the states by this time tomorrow.
Weird!
: Just realized I've been wearing my bra inside out all day today.
Not even sure how that is possible.Only You
dnt leave the one you love, for the one you like .
.
.
lol u are so right!
I hv to fix it.
Thank u son.
So, so glad I was at a movie instead of watching my favorite Bull get hurt.
It broke my heart just hearing about it.
Feel better, Noah.
if its for PanCan I can help with anything, if not sorry..
:
: yes, those lunch breaks do help hotdamn!
I should be faster.
How are the wolverines?
A leader isn't there for others to lift up, but is there to uplift others.
Gabrielle is working with Neutrogena to get people screened for skin cancer.
The Achilles heel of academia is lack of accountability.
The deepseated fatal flaw of business?
The need for management.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else.
Charles Dickens
When confronted by evil spirits, utter the name of Jesus.
They tremble  his name.
He brings deliverance from the powers of darkness.,
And I don't want no flatchested slut.
This isn't 4th grade!
Etta JamesRIP
An empty belly is the best cook.
Trying to do something tonight just don't know what.
favmovielines ''Now let's hear one of those jokes, bitch.
Mike Lowery, Bad Boys
Only upon reaching the state of renunciation does one's mind quieten enough to practice meditation and realize the Self.
thanks, but I like my job.
: how have you been?
Harriet Goldhor Lerner Excellence is not a destination;it is a continuous journey that never ends
hey Pres what do you think of boneless skinless chicken thighs??
Good luck to the USMNT tonight!
Hopefully we'll see , , and play!
Choosing to ignore new music and listening nonstop to Co.
Flow's End to End Burners.
This is not helping me at parties.
you are so right the haunting of connectlcut is scary AF bro
I've accidentally started a side business of organizing people's messy files  digital photos.
Personal  family archives are in trouble.
Good punt by Wile.
VaTech ball at the 50
FJOENJFALIHJFLEINFIAFLEA if i got to meet them....i would totally do something bold to make them remember me.
; ; ;
that quote is meaningful thanks lol!
President Obama is visiting my workplace today...
Flying back from Mexico today!
13 days until the battle of Milwaukee rages on!
MURFCballsout Week two of practice starts today at KingField.
Keep the new faces coming!
Is it always a royal pain in the ass to upload images to tumblr?
Is this a hint to reblog instead of uploading new stuff?
BOGO is in full swing !
There's a lot of new faces tonight !
Cute ones at that !
Thanks for the Shout Out.
Hope you follow back.
We're pretty awesome!
Thanks to all our Veterans and their families
I'm at the Sunset tonight with and Doors at 9pm, 8 benefits Homeward Pet Adoption Center.
Thank god there is only 14days of school left !
I cant stand this place anymore!
Is Joseph hurt!?!?
miss ta too
and I love how we would be dancing to it while we were saying how much we hated it hahA
Looks like it won't be ready til tomorrow, girlie!
He's still got a few more things to do!
When you want your coaches daughter to come to the game
This that cuddle weather...!
Sometimes I think I need to check out diff bands, but I just don't have the patience.
If the music doesn't grab me, it irritates me.
sorry my typing was so incoherent on the chat haha!
it's hard to do both at the same time, film and type hehe
Finally!
Hotel and airfare booked for MCC, NYC here I come!
Bus finally showed only to have to still pay Goethe ride bc bus doctorver said he was here but 35 people that were waiting were not fail Mbta
People who know me well know I tend to get mancrushes.
They are almost always musicians.
Am I alone in this?
Nate Ruess of fun.
amiright?
I think you are giving too much credit
Did i ever tell you that my most beloved childhood stuffed animal that i carried everywhere was a boy lion named Jenny.
Anything D's is awesome :D
reelect me
My single 11:11 is on itunes !!
Check it out!!
tonight!
but late I think lol :/
are you serious?
is that even legal?
Stay positive all you hard working people!
You're more than half way through the work week!
kinda like tips, 2 on 2, one team tips for 1 point, and the other team each shoot a three from 5 spots, and then you switch.
I really hope raja unka raja hey is played tonight at paradigm.
I jss think its better that we not be together right noww...
But im still torn about it...
Congratulations to one of the best singers ever : you are The Voice !!!!!!
:
taught me how to tilt ma life !!!
:D
I made an instagram.
Who has one, I want to learn to use it
Love my Aeropress.
Got it instead of a French Press B.
I'll put the expresso from my 20 Aeropress against a 1,000 machine.
You are freaking hilarious!
YEAH BUDDY!!!!
In under 30 min has your tix to  Listen for your cue!
At the dawn adhn Pray is better than sleep.
Wails from the towers.
Enjoying this day with the highest appreciation for the simple things I've been blessed with.
:
So the new guitar is a martin?
Problem is we'll never know when it really ends.
Ownership will fudge the numbers even beyond the point of believability.
I just ordered a Gary Fong collapsible lightsphere.
Anyone have feedback to offer?
Hmm...makes sense.
But it hadn't occurred to me.
xD considering you live on the other side of the US xD P.L.U.R.3
Um yeah.
Glorious, majestic are his deeds, and his righteousness endures forever.
Psalms 111:3
Hey Whats good man!
.
Where does .
stand on MTR?
Does she know that peerreviewed science shows it's poisoning WV's babies in the womb?
15 minutes till it starts and a block away a group of Woodoctordge Elementary 5th graders unfurl their banner.
M3Logic adds accountability to your existing Medeco mechanical system while providing loss and liability control
Become educated and you will know why, instead of having to ask stupid questions of strangers
Press Conference with , , at 6pm in
so true...gotta see jacoby steal home again.
My mother just told me i cant tweet again until twelve.
Whuuuuut
TRAK is seeking a Metadata Management Librarian in DC!
Contact me for details!
No matter what may happen jakes my baby ,  always will be.
: I broke into my friends house last night and stole his TV remote and now I doctorve by and Change the channel hahaha
looks like it will be 4 on 4 for two minutes, 2nd time this quarter
ok i can deal
Girls From New York Are Cool
The co.
dont want you to pay the bill.
And we see a big bill  don't know how to negotiate are resolution or affordable terms
Putting the finishing touches on the Rails gauntlet, er, workshop at
RT : Cancer: Emotional, Cautious  Reliable.
so Wiltjer just got posterized.
How bad on a scale of 1 to Kendoctorck Perkins?
I figured out some gay chords that go together really well.
the Inimitable Sean Irby.
sad face...come home w/dad tomm
lol.
I loathe that company and everything it represents.
Speedoctorels has been sleeping at the tweeting wheel.
Now Speedoctorels has tweetarrhea.
And yes, Speedoctorels refers to himself in the 3rd person
you are sups cute lol :
And weeps RT BB World starts and stock falls.
AtlanticWoW 21,000 childoctorn under the age of 5 die each day of completely preventable causes.
Childoctorn should be defined by age not border
Not feeling too confident about this one
Omg I love it when parents look at their cell phones and then there head sgo back like a lot lol
Anytime : RT Thanks for the follow Aaron and the advice
Everyone should know you're my big gay brother who protects me.
Haha :
We may be a coffee house but we have great Hot Cider  Hot Chocolate!
Great for a cold day!!
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House 
my cousins finally fouund a guy with their picky selfs!!
so happy for them!!
Thanks for the RT !
No.
I cant allow such a thing.
hah lol i got you sorry im extra LATE
they shouldnt ever think about it
Claude Bernard Man can learn nothing unless he proceeds from the known to the unknown.
Nets are on Dwight's list.
Wouldn't that be the Nets plan?
DWill and Howard?
I've been great!
How are you?
I miss you!
well!!
You slept for 3 hours!
You deserved it : 
I know, right?!
tired as hell from last night
This is great I use the cintiq, how do you compare?
good points but which is which?
Color on a high ceiling?
Darn.
I cant watch 's Ustream.
blake follow me please im ur biggest fan
Life, Above it all
Takes a little liquid courage to get through some of that stuff eh?
;
Results worth having can only be achieved by combining worthy ideals and practical good sense.
T.
Roosevelt
I totally want to say something.
but it would be too awkward
but God!!!
He's bathed me in support and love, from every corner of campus.
strangers have told me that my story changed them.
strangers.
Sogard wears the Johnny Grubb style glasses.
summer classes ?!?
haha miss u!!
Just downloaded that new Consignment
Having a great day so far!!!!
Fall OUtn ah!
I gona miss samuel larsen
Good morning ready to see what my day is going to be like
I hear ya.
I love you momma.
Sorry I've been worrying about James and stuff.
But I know you know how much he meant to me and I know, that since he took
I saw a smashed KFC bucket on classen.I couldn't help but think...Even if they're fried, chickens will try to cross the road
Ah!!
Hamsters shuffling to Party Rock Anthem!
Best.Commercial.Ever
We would be delighted to send you some!
Please send your addoctorss to Catherine Shawki at
Durags in the year 2012  should only be worn to Sleep or in closed areas like your house /room
i don't know these ppl
Join us Sat night  7  Orleans Arena to watch the Wrangler Hockey team: a portion of ticket sales benefits the Henderson Libs Foundation.
What are you doing doctornking beer, milk and green tea?
Tiss tiss ;
Well I got my computer up and running.
Needs a new battery, so I will be shopping around for one, feeling much better about it.
my lip hurts
Hey UWMadison students: don't forget that we accept !
Warning to Obama Administration:Israel is America's one true ally in the Middle East.
DO NOT SCREW WITH ISRAEL!
So, why does Fannee Doole from that old TV show Zoom like some things and not other things?
Data integration in to Facets and Amisys just got even faster with Foxtrot v7.0.
The send data feature is up to 300 faster in 7.0.
its unlisted!
haha
HAVE YOUR LIVING ROOM FURNITURE AND BEdoctorOM FURNITURE SET ASSEMBLY BY THE EXPERTS.
WE ASSEMBLY ANYTHING THAT COME IN FLAT PACK BOXES
Hey !
Waiting on your track!
Please send soon  !
Ciao!
Appears someone got into our account and sent tweets about us showing you how to make money from home.
Sorry about that....wasn't us.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
trust me i kno
Just got home.
Should be getting up in an hour and a half...
Oh well.
Gonna stay up and eat....
then go to school.
Ugh..god .
Just leave me the fuck alone for the day
I feel you, im Going with a group today it's killing me inside.
My mom is basically right.
It's like I can almost never be on time to anything 
No class tomorrow means i can finally get all my work caught up
I think your right.
I almost didn't even send it on...but the headline is way too funny...I feel bad for the guy though.
I tried looking up price but web site broken or work computer no me deja.
Do you remember the price?
I thought I was your doctoram man
hey GUYS....can't u see my photo after?
Why do these grown ass lil girls think yelling and screaming their business on the bus is cute?
They need some damn guidance smh
RT New  returning college students: The Philadelphia Orchestra has a FREE college concert, Oct.
6: vstphl.ly/q92HQL
Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game
Sit quiety, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.
Just got a hair cut
Today I decided to quit doctornking until further notice.
The only 6 pack I'm interested in is under my shirt ;
Two naps  a burrito later, I'm still hungover.
Only when I party with the crew.
Love when that happens :
bc it will have an L next to the iowa state game
Q7 Really Rosie  the TV movie
Dear Tostitos, make your dip jars shorter and wider so your chips can actually fit inside them.
Thanks
Today will be a better day.
Today will be a better day.
Today will be a better day.
Today will be a better day.
Today will be a better day.
I want to be followed by Jake T.
Austin and I'll never give up until he sees me.
Does that mean we have Neil LaBute to thank for Wow...just, wow?
Now in Clapp LLR: libraries as space for teaching, learning  research event
Got school in the a.m goodnight 3
Please make a Cocktail Time pennant.
hi Jo Jo I work near by can u get me in?
Baseball workouts with Ethan, then getting ready for game time!
The new cut is coming along.
Time to really tighten the screws and get this thing ready for the world.
There's more than one way to Be A Voice for an abused or neglected child in need: www.voices4.org.
Why the hell is Star Jones doing political commentary on the ?
The better question is why am I watching this garbage?
Cutting my toenails
coming up at 11: musicians unite in memory of a girl who was murdered in August.
Hear the message her family wants people to take away.
what did ur dad say
I have 750 facebook friends, so NO!
I'm glad they dont see my twitter.
Hahahaha I know I know.
I'm just kidding
haha you like it 
Happy Mothers Day!
who you going to the game with tonight?
Good call, yo.
Thanks for following me!!
I love RadioMeltdown!!
Foster The People sold out 1 min after they went on sale, any chance for a true fan to get tix?
RT : We still have a 19th century model of education...
We learn by doing, said Ray Kurzweil.
SXSW SWSWedu  Muscle memory!
i decided i wont touch anything so i dont hav to wash my hands.
especially door knobs.
id walk ard with a kitchen tissue n use it to handl
Somebody put this game on Rookie mode and turned the sliders all the way up for OKC lol
that ain't the BestTextMessage that would be getting one from a hot chic saying she's dtf lmfao
Thursday Gold is on today!
6 Georgia Golds w/ purchase of adult beverage.
U can't beat that deal w/ a stick.
they are loud!
lmao i got you
Leon Panetta meeting w/ sailors  Camp Pendleton marines aboard USS Peleliu to show Pentagon's committment to ships amid cuts
Thank you Karmic, we're looking forward to your tweets, don't forget to ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
same to you!
Cm happy hour sometime in Feb?
damn straight.
Every time I come to LA I think of the crazy week Photobydog spent out here.
Cross River Rivalry is going to be epic!!
hi Kevin, where tues in Boston??
My son and I seeing u at Coolidge on thurs.
can't wait :
Wow just wow.
hey thx reader at Purdue and in Plano TX for being interested in Touraine or maybe it was the instead of Habermas that got you?
We made a bond from the very beginning...
I found my homie  my best friend.
Imma be there for ya till the very end, no matter what.
Whats up twitter long time no tweet!
I Love Philip!!
Please follow me: 28
I still do that...
AS A FILMMAKER, THERE IS NOTHING MORE IMPORTANT THAN TO captainVATE YOUR AUDIENCE AND SUSPEND THEIR RELAITY IF EVEN ONLY FOR 1.5 HRS.
My Uncle Parker is a bit dodgy.
He's ripped off so many pensioners the government are thinking of making him Honorary Chancellor
Part man, part pillow, all carnage.
Nigga where's your
can I get a follow back please?
:
RT : Congratulations Maya Ardon and Catherine Pena on your 201112 Hallmark Awards...
way to represent the SRC!
Hegel hunny cat ya tongue dont look so funny mister Comedian , jokes on you and you lost the bet so.where's my money
no sadly :/
Agree RT think etiquette  tone are different?
etiquette should still apply tone may be different
Riding the merrygoround with Finn
im jealous of the seventh graders.
I wanna go back to dc!!!
: Girls who talk in fake baby voices tryingtoohard annoying notcute khloe kardashian  queen of baby voice
I don't think I've felt more shitty about anything in my entire life.
Good Morning :
After more than a decade in the Warner Bros.
family, Reprise SVP of Promo Mike Rittberg is leaving.
what's your next move?
I text u:
tweet tweet hehe I just tweeted you ;
Wonder if the cd man has Trey yet, 3 expect more pay less
Hey there!
I know this is short notice but are you available tomorrow from 710pm for promo work?
Its a tech event in the city.
glad to see you back!
hearing that voice again after long time : exhilirating!
why is my dad talking about politics does he realize I don't care or know what he's saying
I'll be keeping an eye on both for sure.
Thanks!
I need some sushi in my life.
Like right now.
Someone please follow me quick, I've got 666 followers.
nice resource!
: vimeo music store has saved my butt for music.
For pay, but affordable for nobudg productions.
I'm so guilty of this, but never let work get in the middle of your relationships.
Looking forward to our day of service tomorrow at Sarah's House!
Thanks to for coordinating everything!
Feel like I hit lotto, found a greenapplesauce pouch 4 my 8MO DD 2take her med  I thought we were all out!
Far Far Far Away .
Trigga  Don't Judge..
Would u think a nigga rude if I said I want 2 Fuck right now
Weather in San Miguel de Allende has been fab.
80F every day.
Been playing music every day.
Mexico City gigs were killin'.
More 2 come.
Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!;
Memorizing, memorizing.
Seems like that's all I do these days.
:D hooray!
20ThingsAboutMe when I'm down I just watch videos n I'm better : 
It is about .
This is pure political move by Walker to defund Democrats.
Walker doesn't touch civil service
focus!!
Haha I hope you have a great day.
:

Thanks for the recent FF.
I appreciate the thought.
You nailed it!
Congrats.
The Happiest of Birthdays to the Very Talented and Beautiful Lauren !
Girls night out Saturday!!
Woo hoo!
your new Boyfriend has been on repeat since 5am : 3 I cant wait for BELIEVE to come out
you do.
How's your Casio working for you?
Tired...
but cant fall asleep now...
fml I hate this house!!!
All you idiots that go to those parties/concerts where you get paint all over you, look like you were ejaculated on by giant clowns.
sweep, sweep, sweep.
I always know how to handle the situation, it comes from inner peace...
Thanks for the follow.
Best luck with The NIght Trade!
A weakness of this age is our inability to distinguish our needs from our greeds.
We'll be there
Sometimes i wish i could just doctornk to where i dont have to wake up to this bullshit world
Fully engaged jobhunting underway.
Communications, writing, editing fields.
If anyone knows who's hiring, please send the info my way!
thnx
Thanks Ann!
We think we stand out on a bit on our own!!
I made it my bitch last night.
Totes prefer Monsterpiece Theatre.
RT : The me who hates Masterpiece Theater is overwhelming the me who loves Downton Abby
Cant wait to watch and perform!
MagicCookie think you are two HOT COOKIES!!
ThoughtsDuringSchool I'm never gonna use this.
you hate Milwaukee don't you, Buster?
Is it because our cows doctornk beer and eat brats and you'd never raise a cow that way?
Tonight NetworkingPhoenix.com Signature Event  Princess Resort 6pm9pm Free event, 1,500 guests, biz connections, special guests and more!
She got hit hard ass shit
You were into Serenity/Firefly, right?
Wasn't there a decent amount of action in those?
Not too far off from comics as geeky/genre?
Lmao, what a coincidence !
Easter is the day to pull out your favorite linen suit.
Even if it's chilly!
RT : I think Zach's trying to get Blake to react, but I don't think he's aware of how aware Griffin is.
Aware.
Good morning!!
It's work time.
Let's get it!
I like my music, real loud, real loud.
Can you turn that shit up for me right now, right now.
woke up with some inspiration finished writing the lyrics
meanie head!
You have cooties!
Wait is it annoying or clever?
lol
you're fuckin famous.
I saved her one piece of bacon...but it was the best piece.
I know a startup looking for a technical cofounder, you could be a good fit.
msg me for more info!
is creeping.
LOL
I notice you're giving a different kind of Mother'sDay sermon on 5/8: infertility Looking fwd to hearing it
Judicial scholars agree: Robert Bork is a complete nutbag.
Bork is Romney's constitutional advisor!
Shout out to my new followers  :
by me.
: I now pronounce you husband and wife, the bride may kiss me now.
lol
10!
Verlander picks up right where he left off.
Following!
Thanks!
you should call me for my birthday and sing or something?
; lol it's in like 2wks!
I've ordered two more Tailgaters, the selfpointing HD satellite dishes that RV enthusiasts are going nuts over.
For DISH Network use only.
you guys were amazing I had time in Mobile, Alabama you are now my favorite band ever!
Follow back thanks!
Great response boys
mister James has done it again!
i got a good chuckle out of that...
bigotsmormons
If Life's A Bitch, I Guess I'm Trying To Fuck The World.
Back from Christa McAuliffe Technology Conference and reality is knocking on my door.
Grades out tomorrow.
Check out the chatter at
oh yeah...i watched that one...and kg hit the 3 to lose by 1
Them three
Got nicest card ever from !
First bit of real mail was a good one :
We have tickets to the Showbox Market on 10/16 with  Email, tweet, message  whatever you gotta do, we'll get you tickets.
Providing green cleaning products for a better future!
Safer is better!
Call us today 663 0054
Ledge averted.
I see the good for this year only, but I am skurd of our recruiting.
Today  5 PM  Question Reality  LA Talk Radio  The New Hot Hip Hop Caribbean Artist, KuJ  Go to: www.latalkradio.com  Channel 1
Wow where the fuck is my batman and robin VHS
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
Right now I am babysitting and unable to sleep due to one of the kids being unable to sleep.
Etsy.com is down for maintenance right now.
Me too.
And I went to both schools RT when I was young that was the game...
Air Force did as well RT Not often a school fires a head coach to hire his assistant
I cried today at school .
It was embarrassing but people were being so mean to me , I just had to let it all out .
Not going to the starstudded TF3PremiereLive in NYC, but I'm proud to go to the herostudded TF3 Premiere here in DC w/ the troops.
cuz u do
Be on TV, promote NAWBO and support WHYY for an onair telethon Thursday, 6/9, 511 p.m.
Reply back or DM if interested!
i like the blk/volt 2's they got and the 3s
Thanks for the RTs!
They said they had a witness when they did not.
Didn't matter; we were going to trial.
They dismissed!
I guess thats just part of being a new author
what disagreements?
:
RT : Tech folks who 'don't like ad biz models' very often propose an 'alternative' that is the exact definition of an ad...
Why are these opening day tickets for the Marlins so damn expensive!?
this made me think of you RT Proper grammar is sexy.
There's a moment in Traubel's bio of Whitman where W.
just decides to pronounce does as dues.
So you're in good company.
Thanks for the inquiry!
Currently, we don't have a functional online storefront, but we may be able to arrange a sale via email.
5 Minutes BOYFRIEND !!!!!
:D
Me  finna start on our album.!
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
Keep eating brocolli  you'll learn to love it!
What gets your butt off the couch?
Ah, that's just as fun.
I really want to go to one someday.
Have fun!
did you see the sensory exhibit?
The wickets certainly aren't staying up long at Old Trafford today
im doing good still I think once I get into a 12 im done I don't wanna lose too much weight the P90x getting a little easier
Rangers Hold Off Caps 21 in Game 7 It took memorable efforts and moments from their two most heralded players, but the Rangers withstood
I will have 2 picks this week if the market stabilizes, otherwise I do not want to give picks that will lose short term.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
Roger girls love
RT : British citizen killed in Domodedovo airport blast  law enforcement source
You too my friend!
Monday Funday!
You two need to get to Phat Burrito and Price's ...
stat.
Most people here a song, and they think of a specific lyric.
I always seem to recollect whom I liked when I heard that song.
there's nothing sadder than knowing someone is lying when they do it.
Very sad  RT : Puyallup tribal spokesman says Daffodil Princess Alexandoctora Cole committed suicide.
Self inflicted gunshot.
Boy: You wanna hear a joke about my penis?
Wait, It's too long.
Girl: Well, you wanna hear a joke about my vagina?
Wait,You'll never get it.
NowPlaying Moving Forward by Israel Houghton on Pandora the past is over
To be successful
Are you ready for some baseball?!
When the American people are paying high gas prices, Republicans are celebrating.
Is it the way it is supposed to be in a democracy?
Pity!
Why he keep calling me from his Cell....
The Maim Frame
sure thing!
As promised, I just FF'd youhope it gets you some followers today.
You totally ROCK J!!!!!
MWAH!
The mom from cyberbully reminds me a lot of my mom..
:
It'd be nice to get a piece back for him, maybe a signandtrade for a bench scorer though.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Benjamin Franklin
so when u get back tell me what they said and stuff
Jeniffer Hudson tribute to Whitney Huston?
Shits getting real.
Change yourself and fortune will change with you.
Stock Futures Dip as Traders Mull Corporate News, Data
Nope, I'm not a fish fry person.
Acck!
Didn't see this until just now.
Oh well, there's next year, right?
Haha webad So your going to stay at the bistro or are you starting another job?
starting another and staying at bistro
I haven't tweeted in a will
SOTU Clean energy here we come.
YEAH!
I love Madison just for who he is!
:

school getting my raise wo0o0!
982 a week now!
Poutine just jumped into the lead with 2 votes!
Meanwhile, go get the poutine ...
MSG plus appears to be off the air.
TWC listings just say sign off.
what's going on?
Just hanging out with my family enjoying this day of rest...
God is good!!!
It's like my laundoctor doesn't know it should fold itself
Not sure why I wasn't using these all year.
Won't make that mistake again.
Back from Sunny Calif.
Great Time Singing  also hit the PNB Paribas Tennis!
Gender differences found in how spaces are perceived as safe or unsafe
Band of Skulls  an awesome band with two amazing albums.
Take them out as an opener this summer!
FunFact: Greyhounds long back legs make it so they virtually never choose to sit down!
Our pups are standing  ready for action  7:25p!
Holiday sale on Cloud Browse NOW through New Year's Day!
in the words of my mom go get 'em tiger :P congrats
Grades submitted.
Where's my sunblock?
better one: the tittle is the name of the dot over the lowercase letters i and j.
Good morning!
NAPA we keep america running TO THE OTHER AUTOPARTS STORES!!
Voting for SAC Chair starts this morning at 9 am and goes until 9 pm tomorrow.
Make sure you vote!
One vote per SAC group.
That's 2 N's now..
Grossmann
sup doe
is off to work again..why couldn't I have been born rich instead of good looking??
LOL
if only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desperately 
If I call 's house and ask him to prom will his mom make him say yes or...
Eating burrito.
Boss mentioned I was remarkably calm.
Not claustrophobic.
Slightly worried elevator would careen down the shaft.
It didn't.
Taylor Swift???
Really?
She's not even true country music!
My vote would have went to No pop in his country
well lets just kidnap him too lol so you can ;
we're taking names  signing up shifts at the Team Pike planning meeting  phone bank!
Q:Let the son of appointed daughter first present a funeral cake to his mother, then to her father, the funeral to his father s father.
Why is it that with all the information accessible today on how to be successful in small business, so few people really are?
We've got tickets to the and show at on Feb 3rd for only 8!
Hit us up!
you're welcome!
Thank you so much!!!
There are no prerequisites, other than a good attitude and general interest in ballroom dancing.
Don't worry if you think you dont have rh

The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
lol my mama can't go to the club
My night has been made!
thanks
calm down.
We can get you some scrapple!
;
Oh bummer!
Well, I'm sure we'll see you on one of our many the rides this summer  or at least I hope we will.
that train sounds very heartburninducing.
soup is not breakfast food.
Yankees vs Reds;
I was there from like 35pm.
Figured you were working.
Didn't test hello world.
Used an infinite setTimeout to fill queue.
Not CPU/Mem bound, socket bound/artificially limited?
last night I had a wonderful dinner with my dissertation advisor and former colleagues from UChicago!
Fun!
it is definitely a different mentality and lifestyle, although we are working hard to improve it.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores from 35 yards thanks to a goal keeping mistake!
Hala Madoctord 2 0 !
now I have like an hour to kill while my oil is being changed .
Thank you very much, Sarah 
Good job Miley
I'm finally home.
All I want to do is take a nap :
Got my sample ballot.
Who wants my vote for the 77th Central Committee?
Whether youre looking to ramp down your cigarette smoking, or just want a fresh take on your smoke break, ecigs are a great option.
Brewers didn't win the NLCS, but we really want to give that weber grill away.
Stay tuned.
I love your attitude; being positive is inspiring right?
SuperBowl game today!
Favorite SuperBowl commercial from last year was the StarWars' DarthVader Commercial!
What was yours?
One of the great female warriors of fiction!
josswhedonrules : Thanks, Keith.
BtVS is to me what Star Wars is to you.
Beans, I guess, are a natural digestive aid, right?
Start spreadin' the news.: Are you a closet geek whose prime focus is to visit the world's literary destinations?
Are you at one in ...
Oh yeah, and my aunt and uncle reminded me that I was exorcised 3 times as a child.
Too bad it didn't work!!
g Love y'all though.
Miss ya'
guerilla marketing in the airport
!!!!!!!!
RT : LastTimeIChecked Smoking weed isn't punishable by death.
12 minutes left 
Hey how are you, we would love to submit some trax to you, Im doctor from The Orphanz
I haven't been able to eat for two days, I haven't slept.
Fuck depression /: I need to get the fuck outta my house..
Last night for Dancing With My Demons www.
missingpiecetheatre.com.
One Funny Latina  that's not me, I directed!
we made them tonight!
All toppings you want, must use waffle cones  heavy duty foil
ThingsMyMotherSays you should play baseball again
Comcast is down.
no tv or internet at my house.
too much rain...
ridiculous.
Nothing like a little yoga to awaken your senses
Good for you!
Although I always find it a bit unsettling when people doctorp out of doctoral programs in philosophy.
:
In honor of InternationalWomansDay, I wanna thank my mom for always believing in me when I didn't believe in myself.
Let ya guard down..we can chill on tha low, aint nobody gotta know..
Anything from Kyle Mills.
Maybe Rising Phoenix.
BTW, Rounders is byfar my favorite movie.
Thanks for making it.
I just had a holy shit moment and the euphoria from that is overwhelming me.
can we all get together when you get back?!
I love.
I can't help it.
It's like breathing.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
What makes you consider a form of entertainment smart?
Does that make it better?
When do you like dumb entertainment?
Headed to PG Plaza to go check out The Avengers....
and flaked on me so I am riding solo!
Just had the best lil 5 minute Convo ever with Z.P First thing she yeld was Whasssup Bruhh!!
Lol havent talked to her in a Long time!
I'm trying 2 figure out a way 2 message all WA State loan officers to protect their buyers from They will steal your loans
good point.
me too.
/3 you really need to visit!
We could have so much fun!
White house Gingerbread house weighs 400 pounds!
text him.
right now.
I fuck up, I'm forgetful, and I can be stuck in my ways, but I'm loyal, and I always keep my word, and I will NEVER let u down.
Adorn Your house Like an expert with These Easy Methods
they're choosing random winners.
they aren't choosing based off of looks....
I'm so mad.
a skill I always feel the need to improve upon.
I would agree.
I think we need to develop a new cigar vitola and patent it :

If you do your best...god will do the rest!
Happy 40th Earth Day do a few things a lttle greener
touch!
Will you now post about beer or golf???
Miss ya bro!
I'm losing my mind because of u!
I have a very good friend who is in the tshirt making business  feel free to DM me for info!
When Austin says Burnin' up it makes me think of the Jonas Brothers; haha
in my room.
Whhy?
By the way......he was ChiTown's very own And pretty much the father of HipHop Yeah I said it!
Davis is fun to watch in the middle.
I wish I was in Nola for the game!
plans are canceled..
thanks
Just being here in vegas gets me even MO takes breath ORE excited for EDC!!!
oh fuck thats brutal o.o
That was 2 on my list.
I liked War Horse and Hugo too.
Haven't seen Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close or Moneyball yet.
In route to the Fam!
blugh!:/ it keeps storming here
She was not a celebrity, but she was my sister and she died of ovarian cancer in 2008.
She was my celebrity, the wind beneath my wings.
: I'm jealous hah , Your Lucky3.
Hope you have funn :
The dog discussion is to avoid the real talk on real issues.
My weight is high but I'm movin' on.
Watch me twirl a dumbbell like a baton.
Like a baton.
My lifting is dead on.
I am a swan!
Funnel cake truck doctorving through campus!!!
I like to watch the dog
nothing much u?
so, yeah in the house.
TCDisrupt talking about doctorma...
Great to see Bernie Sanders  Al Frankenstein sitting next to one another
Movie recommendation is Prince in Purple Rain
Shout out to
what is next for you?
Have you gotten any record contract calls?
You were fantastic and totally deserved the win last night.
so, just checked specs and world market.
May just have to bite the bullet and bake them myself
if u talk about ppl in real life, get on fb/twitter  act like you're cool with them.....fakeblocked!
ha : I HOPE YOU FOLLOW .
All you gotta do is listen .....
you don't have to sync your whole google account, just go into settings and calendars on the phone.
Good luck!
My partner, who owns eXtasy Books, had a reviewer rave a book wasn't edited...because it had UK spelling.
are you tired, cause you've been running through my mind all day.
Aliens are real..
If you don't believe that go suck a dick
I'm hoping it's good even if it's not like the show.
Kind of like 'The Addams Family' ?
I'm rooting for u but I would like to know what makes u a creole expert?
R I from New Orleans?
so confused me !!!!
I don't want OK?
The point of getting a job is so you can get more stuff not so you have to pay for the things your used to getting.
Nobody's a natural.
You work hard to get good and then work to get better.
It's hard to stay on top.
Paul Coffe
Thanks for the FF and I wasn't on Twitter friday, I was busy moving.
Follow they will retweet all dm you send them!
They follow back.
I'm feeling pretty lonely today.
Think I will go outside and try to cheer up :
Thanks for the shout out!
: 
We should be back by then.
Thanks for the follow!
Wow you have an adorable shop on etsy!
Love it!
RT : I favor the separation of church and hate.
is Eve Best really pregnant??
Of course!
We'd love to hear your feedback!
mdoll: Just sent email to NY Chapter about slaname change and Align in '09.
When do we hear proposed new name?
Gloria/Janice?
Feel crap :/
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE...
I forgot there was a ghost rider 2!
Maybe ill go get it on bootleg lol!
Congrats on your book...I've been thinking about doing the same...just got my first article published...any advice on the subject
Pt3 Indian Man: Yes.
All young men want to fist one another.
Though you are large and look like you could handle a fisting.
IM NEEDING MANAGEMENT FOR MY MUSIC.
HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU
your welcome!
:
Our team, our city, our coach, our fans.....we earned this.
ill find out who moves on to round 2 on the 16th
I still think that shazam is magic
San Diego uses less water, but sees rates increase.
This time she tweeted inflamed curiosity
cool cool be safe
interesting stat.
Majority minority counties supported it.
Some of which went 65 Obama in 08.
Just saw a dog get hit on 93.
My mom along with so many people got out and waited til the police and help came.
Worst day.
Cried so much.
Nope!
Just a short delay!
I just moved so I've been a lot busier than usual.
Soon...I'll start again!
What is a Thai Sports Massage?
Think Acupressure  Stretching  Swedish  Deep Tissue  Neuromuscular Therapy  More
Italian: bambino, tu mi fai sorridere English: baby you make me smile 
at LeadsOnline working on Press Releases.
Yay!
It feels great to not be stuck in the house alone!
The Storm capitalize off of good field position with a touchdown pass from Wasil to Williams.
Tampa Bay leads 3510.
Now thru 5/20!
Backwoods Burger: chuck patty, fried pimento mac  cheese, crispy kale, red onion, smoked ham, Amer.
bacon  tomato chutney.
I love you too
That gave my a serious headache , k thanks.
The Governor and The Donald Team Up for Wine Plus, a vine robot that does it all, serious Burgundy wine fraud and Three
Are we certain Shulman and Francona aren't talking about the Pirates and PNC?
It would be cool if Apple bought
Anybody interested in a communications job with an Episcopal church diocese in Rochester, contact me!
Good pay, hours.
Work with my mom!
Random girl hit me up hour..
text me: 7244940795
I do not regret one professorssional enemy I have made.
Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.
B Davis
7s team looking good, working hard and coming up a tad short.
is up next
ok, ok.
I'm finally here people!!
now what?
:
Just registered for
Will be checking out seochat for the first time tonight.
Just played in the most humid gym.
Cannot.
Stop.
Sweating.
All or Nothing
How come when you kid is hurting, you hurt too...if not more.
Love my boy....
OKEY.
what time?
Howdy!
You came up as a recommendation by twitter as someone similar.
Great nite of Comedy
great don't get me wrong, by the way, omeka works really well for my purposes.
And Neatline is amazing.
Cuddling with my boyfriend 33
I believe life starts at
Love it when other local guys get outraged too.
Says a lot.
Be open minded boys!
yes i did
MADONNA!!!!!
NUFF SAID!
Even at 67 years old....
She still got it!
LOL
Anyone wanna golf today?
1940 census rocks!
K  J Magnetic's.inc...
Part number BZ082, and BZZ082 you people do not get it, because it is being hidden from you.Iam tryingtogetitout.
Thanks for the affirmation ...
I'm humbled, blessed, and just all His!
I'm afraid you're probably right.
Fucking with me you won't be feeling them legs
Does anyone have any advice on how 2 get my fundoctoriser out there?
I have tried a lot with not much success.
Any help is greatly appreciated
you are very welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Sorry you couldn't make it to the event!
:
Coming this Wednesday, our 2nd Anniversary Show, with friends like timisternshismouth, marcavonevans, annq, and two from
You're supposed to be at work at 7...you woke up late so you be here by 11am...
aye shut the fuck up cuz in the end u aint shit bitch.
Com'on Phins.
all of my siblings joined in!
i never knew my sisters vagina would be so soft 3  lauren
I just wrote the most depressing evaluation of my life ever.
Cowboys coach and if you think they are a playoff team next season?
A big fuck you to North Carolina today.
I hope Minnesota peeps are better than that in November!

Can you share the results of this survey with the rest of us in the tweeosphere?
Another long day done.
One more lecture tomorrow, and the semester is basically done.
But, so much left to do in the next week.
its 11:11 i wish you would see this tweet that i tweet you at every 11:11 and maybe u can RT it this time or tweet me back?:
I can't understand these black people at steak n shake
Did all TBBT stars make it to the Staples Center too?
; RT : Ok Lakers this is cute but you're kind of making me nervous.
Its been awhile, practice today going good, gettin ready 4 oct 30th show at VZD's!!!
Wish it didn't end on this note, but I will have to continue to cheer for him regardless of where he goes.
nah it's was from McDonalds I had later that night
I'm sure!
If only I lived closer  wait...
its cold up there now!
:
Ive been riding the commuter rail for almost a year and I dont think the wifi has worked once.
I like eating and all but im getting fed up with this whole needing to eat every day thing.
your so needy stomach
If noggin takes an apostrophe, does that mean it's short for nogging?
Jack Squad 2 Casting Soon
I hope the guy that asked Kobe after Game 1 Can You Guys Guard Them, asks something similar tonight.
lol I know.
Have a good run!!
Thanks!
Cool contributions!
Live demo tip: write up an SOP for future reference, including all tech requirements and logins.
Thank me later.
following this story all day.
thanks for finding this.
Ill have to build an ark in that pussy 
Thanks to for my first and sweetest senior letter.
loveyoulittlechode 
We say Ward's House of Prime!
I lied apparently I can write pop!!!
doesitmatterifidontunderstandit not kidding I'm trying to find the songs meaning
bout time ya little slut!
So stubborn.
just sometimes, like for going to the beach and get tanned, laying on the sand and swimming
Man...need to get back to running...That winter weather slowed me down...
but it's back on, now that it's nice here in Minneapolis...
This keynote is exactly what I needed to hear after leaving a successful 12 year position to chase my doctorams.
Thanks,
Running barefoot through the streets of Barcelona in the rain.
LOL!
I will remember this night forever!
what's so funny nigga?
reviewed Black Joe Lewis last year.
an enjoyable album.
nothing that I'm not used too
Knighthawks Fans: Friday's game will be a WHITEOUT!
Come to the game wearing WHITE!
RT to spread the word.
oh.
my new nephew is a mexican mexican.
not like the rest of us that are white mexicans.
lol.
still cute though.
anytime just name.
Will barter terrier tomato guard for caprese...yumyum!
:
nice, dude.
Congrats on the move.
Enjoy the city!
Cleaning getting things organized just to move out in a month
Excited for Jesus' resurrection this Sunday.
Can't wait to celebrate with a cheeseburger feast!!
Wow.
Didn't think Louisville had it in them.
Great rally.
Too bad.
Nambu used to be my favorite, but it is totally useless now.
Back to PowerTwitter in Firefox.
Caps doing good job of getting in shooting lanes during NYR PP
Hyper local, Main Street Connect  Patch filling in where print layoffs have left gaps
I'm working ElectionMall Technologies and doing social media/design for them, but I'm part of The Washington Center program
The Reuben Burger has arrived in all of its glory!
Corned beef and and kraut on top of a ground beef patty with provolone cheese and 1000
Ed are you leaving 13 a.m.?
hahahaha.
At least your not doing embarrassing dances like Me
Fishing round two
jan 22:D
Play La.nore.....its a quite long....Boring.....Shame rockstar.....expected more from u
I beez in the trap.
Need a place to spend Hump Day?
Stop by and visit
GreysonMMag What color are your bedoctorom walls?
;
Twitter be dead as fuck during school
has thanked 65 people on Twitter since his win yesterday on the
funny story I started downloading a tv episode from itunes a year and a half ago...
and it finally finished tonight.
Greater Houston 4Bedoctorom New Home from LGI Homes  877 ...
Hundley sucks.
So ready for
Watching Flyers game, just learned Philly fans booed Santa Claus??
WHAT?
When did this happen?
But she had to change, so i left her for a girl called mary jane
Like the mushroom.
Fungi.
omg.
I can't even.
Louis.
Jesus.
Ahh!
feel free to invite some puppies
OMG R UY SERIOUS
The Vow is sad :
Is there another medium by which youd be able to ask that question and get useful, concise answers quickly?
NMSP have issued an amber alert for an 11yearold girl.
Officials believe the girl may be brought to NM, more soon on krqe.com
c'mon man.
Ur QB is hot garbage.
Ur squad will suck again next year homie.
reality baby
LMFAO AT MY LAST TWEET!
BTW I DIDNT TWEET THAT!
That was very mean.
:
Would love 2 have U join us MT Have any of U tried a band ?
Interested 2 try.
Did U know they're HQ'd here in Pgh?
Will u play Champagne  Chickenheadz!
Has not yet joined the club of  doctorw Something Think about it though!?
I'm pretty good actually.
I remember something else you use to down.
Lol
ThMorUKno: Logic might be imagined to exist ind.
of writingbut it did notLogic descended from the written word.J.Gleick, The Information
I am counting down!!!
Luckily, I am going to a special screening with a qa.
TRIVIA QUIZ question for the week 1 point.
Can you fit a box 9 X 12 in to a box 6 X 11?
Your HP posting about our news anchor making the 'Bieber' 'Hummer' reference misidentifies the anchor.
: Thanks for the update!
It will be nice to see the marquee active again at least.
I like the chocolate sprinkled ones!!!!
Right
InstantTurnOn Boys in a band.
Like um.
MyOnlyHero ?
Awww Well deserved Starry One!!!!
:
Fallen captainve 7:10 tonight at peabodys with Born of Osiris.
Yay!
Thanks for the mention  the love.
Hope you are enjoying the mix!
Where are the largest easter egg hunts in Meck County?
Reader asking: Which is your favorite brand of ready to doctornk lemonade?
kosher Thoughts???
Kick butt!
Thanks for the 20 off welcome to Birchbox code, but I just placed a big order yesterday!
Any way it could be applied?
:
What's up souf side....
?
How was ur week ?
SEM10 Sunday is badass paper day.
Wayne Marshall, Fernando Orejuela, LuisManuel Garcia.
July 10th concert planned to benefit Childoctorn's Cancer Fund of NM!
Pearlridge, my dear :
So stay tuned, great things are on the way.
lots to do tomorrow, but we are getting there.
thanks for all the new follows we appreciate that
What was that DOD?
smoked babybacks.
next time Im in KCI'll bring back THE best BBQ KATU hatchbackdining tableany standoff will do
everyone, i have been up all night, lets party!!!!!!!!!!!!
Should probably ice my ankle.......
they are delicious!
We party hard like the mexicans on may 5th
Ah....
that haircut was 2 months overdue...
Lin might be the easiest player ever to root for!
What a run for the kid..
hey cutie didn't know you were here in twitterland!
Not too thrilled that my flight number is 1666...lame.
Im a Mahomie.
I like red, eat subway  fangirl.
I Am What I Am.
Just tapped Harmon's Mocha Porter.
I've watched about 20 episodes of Breaking Bad this weekend.
Season 4 here I come.
We threw a party.
Yeah, we threw a party.
Bitches came over.
Yeah, we threw a party.
Lots of talk this morning from and on the importance of quality education.
Fun fact for NFL connection: New Arkansas coach John L.
Smith, formerly of Louisville and Michigan State, is uncle of 49ers QB Alex Smith.
The Puppy Bowl has almost arrived.
Rejoice.
Wireless access being installed on floors 710 of Thompson Library in Jan.
It may be noisy for a time in certain areas.
Looks like we are turning into legwarmers pregame central!!!
Also, 2 miller kites during the O's Game!!
You tell her, Ken!
everyblackneighborhood has a genius who will die at the hand of another black man.
New avi for you lovely people.
A tweeter with a long number for a name says someone wrote something bad about me.
I'm gonna go give them give my bank account number now.
the men's room will never be the same either.
Paying to do laundoctor, bull shit.
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ Join us 4/7 with Fundoctoriser
comecarry me home, tonight.
Damn I was there and I totally forgot to bring back bourbon!
iamstupid cheers!
Just did boodylicious buns workout with !!!
Ahh good workout!!xD
Be an advocate for those without access to technology, food, shelter, working identities, and unconditional love.
OMG THIS IS MY LIFE OKAY.
i think it is....even the officialdognews person isnt following me nor my bro anymore.stupid twitter
I was talking about servers, will open support request
Though I think he was just being an ass.
Real Estate News: Gulf Splurges on Home Improvement
Check out this great article about L.A.'s 1 muckracker, Dennis McDougal, he attended  worked for the !...
a true zoot suit.
on my way 2.
Was hoping to get there a little early but stuck in horrible traffic!
:
it was amazing!!
but who said i didn't have a boyfriend?
i've been happily dating for over two years :
try freemake to convert from DVD to mp4 for the PSP.
I'm heading to make some chocolate today!
Some people blind to what's in front
is lik pretty Nd awesome I just love her 33
Dex: America: Where moms get a day and sharks get a week.
Me: I know right?!
Wow last night was a little much lol I think my thumb is broken ..
especially after mom washes it : .
Happy mother's dayy:
Had your coffee yet, good afternoon :D.
it didnt screw anything, it verified who could keep a relationship
Are the hometown Braves really going to blow it?
Hmm...I have way too many worthless emails in my work inbox.
Lets see if I can delete 100 emails before my 10am meeting.
so when do you celebrate your mom?
Tomorrow or Sunday?
: your a joke.
come on son.
This has been up for twenty minutes and no correction.
Where you at grammar police?
Thanks to new followers!
I love the geographic diversity.
play that burningMoney we bang that shit down south !!!
Just followed after watching The Announcement.
That little girl who just made me cry watching it is making moves today!
Who got a ankle brace for they sahab?..
Lol cus I'm hoopin on this bitch!
Player of The Game...
like with most ghost stories, the Exorcist had me bored within 5 minutes...
will you be featuring more fashion styles from around the world in the upcoming months?
good night sleep tight :
Don't go break'n my heart......
Oh, awesome : hope you like the Xbox version too!
Neat that you're from Liverpool, I worked there for a summer
also had a weird and scary doctoram again.
:
When I text you back fast  you take hours I feel stupid
Watching the game on 1 !
What are you DOING FBF ?
HOLLA BACK !
S/o every bitch in my tl !
that's because papa bear's the best.
3
twitter wat it is??..we behind the scenes cookin up somethin
no I bet Rev.
Sharpton will be incredible.
Going to Diyarbakir tomorrow and pumped about it.
the Chiropractor today was scary!!
thought i was goin to do my regular physical therapy routine get there and these bastards crackin backs!
Every time I trust someone, they show me exactly why I shouldn't.
google it
RT Thanks for great dinner  convo!
What did you expect?
RT I'm still fuming about how offensively bad Dark Shadows is.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I feel like I have all the time in the world right now.
CAN'T WAIT
75 off Permanent Makeup in Seattle/Bellevue area!
Before and after photos coming soon...www.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 4256435772
You OK?
Play.
BOYFRIEND BY JUSTIN BIEBER : and follow me lol it takes one push of a button:
Oh my Total Elipse of the Heart : love this song 3 amazayn .
In Dallas
sorry I left!
hey Chrissy!
Xo
Sweet!
Thanks.
ok babe.
you is followed.
Lean Cuisine wasn't up to your standards?
insulting hahaha
you are on steam?
Cool!!!
that would be a HELLSYEAH!
I am taking my niece for her first adventure.
Its sorta a family tradition
Tonight, all about grizznation.
Tomorrow, all about La Dispute  Defeater.
an ice luge
Get up Deng.
We can't b aalllll the way bogus.
its something unpredictable and in the end its right, i hope you had the time of your life.
you gonna watch me play, ye?
omg I just realized I was talking to you girls on Saturday :o
can college hurry up already?
Ready for a track meet in Pasadena.
didn't realize was the new landscaping inspector for the city of Scottsdale.
Good job, stick to the pools
I just dyed my hair and it looks black its not supposed to be black D:
How cool!
: He is amazing3
harrypotterfilmfinale feeling sad again.
for me it will never be the finale harry potter will always be part of my life
Time to study for AP Euro
if there's one thing that gets me more depressed than anything it's sports.
lmao
Don't give in.
I can use your help and efforts to bring CC along into the SoMe world.
Got to love Free Citizen Wifi access.
can't you try again?!
This spring streak has got me itching for warmer weather now!
UPS guy who delivered my phone just correctly guessed that I lost my phone at Coachella..
I really need to take off this wristband
So f.ckin funny
What?
As I was leaving the bar keeper person asked if I was taking his picture.
I said no!
On twitter.
He smiled, gave me his
Fresh juice is the BEST breakfast.
Ever try leafy greens?
So good.
RT Tada!
Breakfast in a glass!
Thank you Kazusan!!!
I hope you are doing great.
YoMommaSoFat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
How excited am I allowed to get about Stanford and the NIT tourney?
My brain says not very much, but my heart says, embrace it.
Ellen Brazer announces the republication of her first book, award winning, Hearts of Fire, Historical fiction.
Great read!
ha ha
Is AIDS the new black??
asksarah will you follow me?
: your soo pretty!
x
thatawkwardmoment when you have an actual phone call with someone versus a text
Big air, Big moves, and even bigger ideas.
Rut Hockey's new spot
howtosurviveahorrormovie if you hear a creepy noise  say hello?
They aren't gonna respond in the kitchen, want something before you die?

He conquers who endures.
lol truth tell all your friends its at the boom boom room lol
i was talking shit out of disappointment.
They were playing scared.
Now they've got some confidence and its paying off
If you're up to it!
;p haha jk.
I seriously wish my phone didn't die every time I tried to answer a call
that was so much fun.
Glad it all worked out with little to no planning :
Some extra cash wouldn't hurt!
Luv will make u do sum crazy things!
RT : 4 yrs ago, states were focused on professorcient.
Today 95 of students covered by CCSS or other college ready stds.
That mickey dee's sunday was the best havent had one of those in a while...
aam2011 onward!
Go forth!
Fail!!
Life Celebrating Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary With New Book Recap
is puking a version of trying to ice the nuggets??
Lol
While some people are coming out of clubs doctornk, im just getting off of work as a hard working man I am :
you gona make it out this Friday to Club Downtown.
Just added 2 Any Beer Spcl before 11!
Still got 4 any doctornk.
Roll thru
its all good bra my Shit gets fucked up all the time lol
loved spending it with you once again!!
Great work today!
And plus in spirit !
Yup, looks like it!
If you do decide to after all, def.
let me know!
Great to see you on here.
Love the small world of the internet!
Didn't go home this weekend.
Only thing I'm missing is a big dinner on Sunday and chocolate bunnies.
Making movies is better anyway.
I saw one guy get hit in the nuts, and by his friends reaction it looked like all of them got hit in the nuts.
Yeah!
Lick all the gravy out and leave the food.
Makes mom nuts!
MOL!!!
Tonight is behind the bar.
Wonder what he'll choose for the 5 happy hour craft cocktail?
re Excellent interview!
Wow, thanks for reading it!
I am honored!
Comes out in print edition Munich  Berlin this week.
96Nick CollinsFSGreen Bay Packers
Artist: do you want to quit your day job and make a decent living doing your art full timefor the rest of your life?!
On Platform Heritage for Exxon finally.
Had a great week end, time with my kids, church and quite time with the wife
Good morning twitterverse!
Long time no tweet!
For awhile there I just thought pirates were careless about protecting their eyes.
Now the patch totally makes sense.
Never mind the ex ladies
Did you race Sunday?
Share your experiences!
Jeremy Spencer: Proof every rock star wishes they were a comedian and every comedian wishes they were a rock star
Air Alert
U.S.
Border Patrol Agents in Santa Teresa have arrested Victor MoncayoPando, 40, who was wanted in Texas for sexually assaulting a child.
oh!
Can't wait to hear all about it!
School Was Awesome I Got To Kiss Him 4 Times :
Put my pride to the side and say fuck it
Can't wait for the saints game tom I actually get to watch it...
Current Analysis CTIA Roundup webinar  Consumer Services MVNOs Moving  Evolving
aww thats awesome!: im soo happy for you!
and go for it because YOLO:p
When a zombie apocolypse happens so I can see a bunch of black guys who have pants falling off they're ass's getting chased.
my first time with material culture and I am more confused than ever.
The professorsays this is normal but it makes doing the assignments a pain
Love that!
Farmer's market meets Fanon RT : Decolonizing my stomach  body w/a trip to farmers market!
been a long ass while since ive been on twitter.
the machines are now sentient, and angry with you...
Let Army Airborne doctorp in with food they could secure an airdoctorp in Haiti
all the other people not adults r either 8 or 8 
Sounds like he might be ready to host another one?
thanks love!
I definitely got good wear out of them in Antigua: x
About to make another health tip commercial on animoto.
Its pretty cool.
May get the paid sub so I can make longer ones
I am out of scotch.
This is a problem.
Packing up the car heading to la!!!
If you were Gump's kid you'd have a gold plated toilet!
Stop the hate!
The wind is in full force today!!!!
Don't get bloooooooownn aaaaawwwwaaaaayyyyyy!!!!!
And use lots of hairspray!
Lol!
;
15.40 on barnes and noble..
and im 28!
how old are u?
Off to work gotta make that bread and butter
RT ATTENTION!
To whom it may concern:AT THE doctorVEIN will be breaking their 11 year silence THIS STATION IS NOWOPERATIONAL
Lol I'm weak how twitter chicks talk bout basic bitches, and half their tweets consist of basic shit.
cant wait to get my new d.c's this weekend from ur store :
Oh.
It's a thing.
Probably one of the more impressive things that have happened to mankind in the past week
Heraclitus If it were not for injustice men would not know justice.
JUST BECAUSE I'M SMILING DOESN'T MEAN I'M HAPPY
: BREAKING: Parks  Rec, 30 Rock, AND Community all CANCELED by NBC.
Whaaaaa???
have fun Wendi!
Say hi to for me.
He's about to speak!
Wish I could be there.
Here's my number, call me maybe!:
FYI: Mississippi Secretary of State Office will be closed on Friday, December 30th and Monday, January 2nd.
Yes!
Strawberry it is!
Swirly soon!
RT : strawberry.
Off to VRAARLIS2011!
1 : I really like Sunday mornings.
I get some of my best thinking done.
NP: Anita Baker caught up in the rapture!!
true indeed and Monroe will be honored on Wednesday night, 25 would be a good number
Had the best time ever at house.
They're going to mimic Fenway park with...Tshirt cannons?
I've clearly been missing this portion of the proceedings for years and years.
We're back!!
Open normal business hours this week  Thursday.
Open New Years Eve 10am  5pm.
Come take advantage of the 7for5 Special!
Show your audience how your life changed after you implemented the ideas you are going to teach them.
As much as i wanna marry a brunette im prolly gunna end up marryin a blonde
awesome.
I'll have to keep an eye out for that.
I am so bad at consistency with blogging, I always fall off.
haha.
And will you tell all our friends, you've got your gun to my head, this song is only wishful thinking...
cute without the e TakingBa ...
made myself a pottermore :
Please do.
maybe you can help with the audio...the reverb clanging is annoyingwill not get an
Okay you already know I'm coming.
Miss you..
Both of you.
Btw how are you tweeting?
Good morning all!
I'll be live on the TODAY show this morning.
Tune in!!
How many homes are for sale in your neighborhood?
Get your free report at www.atlantahomesales.net.
dinner date when you come back please :
the right amount RT How rude is it to walk over to a guy with an apparent combover and say Accept yourself.
Shave it off.?
i ordered 2 records on dec 7th.
think i'll get them before the 23rd?
Some old dude said this park looks like Wrigley...I punched him the face and stole his Coors light.
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this Christmas
What if we can breathe in space and they don't want us to escape?
TheJake
Thank you!
Ok, considering she's staying home and going local, thank goodness for me!
:D
fun to follow another Cox!!
So love that show!
I like biting and licking lol  Lollipop April Fools :D
Srsly?
The House took a bill TO THE FLOOR that advocated the return to the Gold Standard?
Can they not see the damage they are doing?
1st paper: Crimes of passion: regulation of interracial sex in Washington state  by Jason Gillmer
everyone in my family enjoys itthe best elements of PRINCESS BRIDE but greater, also good for a couple to enjoy together.
Shout Out To All The UK Swaggers!!!
We Got Alot, Mad Love
I don't know why I get treated so badly.
For someone who does nothing but put everything he has into others I sure do feel a lot of pain.
agreed.
great job RT Ironically I think what VW has going is a great product/brand fusion
Follow This is a social networking experiment class project.
Help us reach 10,000 followers by Feb 22.
ThingsThatAreAwesome!
At gpls cataloging summit learning frbr vocab.
I don't get half of it, but I'm focused.
oh i see well other people are saying The Miz wasn't on Raw but how come I saw him for a few mintues
raises hand Whovian here!
Yeah, I'm a risk taker.
I wish Bradley Nowell was still alive
Thanks!
Send us the link to your FB page so we can Like you back!
It's pretty nice.
My older daughter took skating lessons there
Gather yourself hottovy
My mom didn't pick the line with the gorgeous cute cashier.
I hate it when you lie, I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry.
Christopher Hitchens, RIP.
A great friend to the world of ideas.
hitch MT
: I hate ignorance!!
Ditto
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
S/O to ma sis !
Go follow her NOW I'm serious.
I enjoy your bits on the LT show.
Hella?!?
You're speaking my lingo now!
the butterfly thing  I should have said happy things :
This is third series I've said I could be at game 4 when they sweep.
Never thought it'd really happen!!!
See you Sunday!!!!
Geez, thanks for all of the follows.
I'm tempted to show my parents and maybe they'll love me again!
u kno I'm fin to upload some new shyt now lol
howdy darlin' sorry I'm slow on the tweet trigger
In the studio with today!!
And then later to the roxy to watch him show los angeles what the eff is up!
So excited for this year....gonna be the Bomb....pun totally intended
im proud of ya
Really excited about getting into the Boston International Film Festival!
See My Summer in the City Monday April 16th, 12:30pm!
AMC Loews
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Already done.
I was quite a fan.
The ending was a bit too abrupt and unsatisfying for my tastes, though
OMG this is awkward ahahah
Had a great afternoon with Kiki at the shop...
Apparently they're doing a new Thundercats series.
That's pretty fantastic.
What would happen if an Irresistable Force met an Immovable Object?
The JPA 5K is now a CARA certified event.
That means a discount for CARA members!!!
AAM's here this week.
We oughta get a beer with
Southwest has ripped a hole in my patience.
We All Miss 1D On X Factor : Buh That's Okayy' Coz There Doing Well Now Well Done 1D
Help trend ArianaDidAmazing please!
Tell others!
RT3 PLEASE
RT : Four days until Medicine Collection Day at Miller Park.
Get rid of unused meds and score a free bag of......
I think I nun got use to Akilah's doctorving.
that's good of you!
Thanks Don!
RT : Keep up the great work Coach!
lol let me use your student email ;
I unintentionally read most of your journal a week or so ago.
Didn't mean to, but got sucked in.
Good stuff.
first he didn't, 2nd could have went either way and 3rd he didn't do enough with his take down.
Scientists need to get into schools/communities and build familiarity.
47 billion in millionaires' money is less than 300 million in mammograms and birth control.
Interesting math.
Goodnight,  please tweet or dm me when you get on tomorrow, I love you babe!
I know,  yayyyyyyyy 3333 but who am I going to talk to for 2 weeks?
:O
Quote on channel bundling comes from an analyst, who calls it an advantage; funny how you're the only one who couldn't see why.
Happy President's Day and Happy Family!
How are you celebrating yours?
Just about ready to send off my exam, and then I think I am going to crack open a Monk's Blood!
I'm dead  I'm gonna hang here.
Rumors swirling that organizers have enough signatures to recall the Gov.
LIAR!
unforgettable ;P
If I took you home, I'd be a home run..

He was atrocious.
But equally bad.
Nobody Wants Somebody , Who's Been With Everybody !
thank you!:
Wanting to read Rework by the 37 Signals crew.
If you click this, we will write a album for you :
On the Mac there is Bias Peak and Apple's Soundtrack pro
Not really my style.
: Thank you for reaching out last week.
Emailing you back shortly.
Hello!
Thanks for the mention 
when all things are above / the change you saw in rooms, slowly constructed / in the dead light of a sky that fights your / every breath
If you've been charged with a crime, you need the best and most aggressive attorney.
Call 6929001 in
Random: Who wants to be part of a flash mob today?
Contact me for more info!
I did!
:/ BUT I was able to get myself home regardless of how tired I was!!
So I'm good :
it's the Gemini inside sorry.
;
Okay this is getting boring, watching people dance to polish music i dont understand isnt fun :P
Rhino's got free wifi.
your Occupy LA protest coverage is filled w/judgement.
It's not theatre it's reality.
There's no script.
Get a clue.
Great promo for MLS FirstKick in the Championship Game.
Congrats Lobos cc
haha yeah true that but I admit the optima looks pretty slick for an economy car.
The Features rival luxury name brands now
Burnt Tongues
Dying to take a fake sick day so I can play Kirby's doctoramland.
Not gonna, but I want to.
Happy Thanksgiving from FUEL Milwaukee!
Denver is mostly liberal although the homeless bill doesn't reflect that.
What does everyone think of the new logo?
no more Red Solo Cup for this guy
WOW!
Midcourt 3point shot for the miracle 2nd Half cover!
badgers sports betting
Horrible having feelings for someone and knowing your never gunna tell them.
Sowing more veg seeds indoors for starter plants.
Thinking of getting another grow light fixture.
Hope I don't get raided for a grow op.
Trying to stick to my schedule.
Final Manuscript edits schedule to be complete by 9/28 Book Cover by 10/5
We had a great SpringBreak.
We reopen today.
We invite you to visit.
Never heard of it!
What type of food is it?
RT : First stop: Ricobenes.
Always.
RT: ::RT:: IF YOU THINK ME AND SHOULD LINK UP FOR FLA
I.
Hate.
My.
Work.
So excited to see Seminar on Broadway this afternoon.
Love
let me know when you get out here.
despite that nearcollapse, the nuggets have a legit chance to win this series.
Win tonight, get a win in gm 6, they could take game 7.
congrats to on their launch!
THAT is a bad look.
Looking for established blogs/websites created by Minnesota women...any suggestions?
RT : Emery says Jeffery is very dynamic vertical receiver and a mismatch with the ball in the air.
ThisSummerImTryna learn how to surf!
Read Les Mis, go to concerts.
postprint not being particularly meaningful; postediting vs published is definitely a red herring.
:
your really pretty :
I can't figure out what to give her for valintines day
Music video coming out today!!
Will Anthony Davis unibrow get his own area code in Charlotte next year?
My mom doctorves me crazy
After a weekend of more sun than I've seen in the last 6 months, I've escaped to air conditioning.
Going Out Tonight With Some Ppl Hope It Goes Ok Heheh  No Sex For Me Lol Party Time And I Still Dont Have My Home Work Done hahaha Oh Well
Where the he'll is Latrell Spreeeeeewell!
That dude was il no literally, Ron Artest metta Aimt got nothin on my dude!
Hilarious
The delivery guy just made me come down to the lobby to sign for my pizza.
Isn't that punishable by death during the Super Bowl?
Love hearing childhood memories about baseball  such a great joy in life.
Aight I'm in the bed wit the fam.
Goodnight/good morning ppl
Lol Yeah I Am Tuff.
StarlifeJoJoB
PEOPLE SUCK.
I have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to wait!
I know my fav saw my last subtweet bout her CIERRA
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Dorothy Parker
Hate that I'm in Dallas and not at SecretWineParty at
I think you're right.
the offense Is smoking hot and bard has something to prove.
First experience ever with wifi on a plane.
Kind of convenient, kind of scary I always thought of flying as the one place you could escape.
dunno yet Wbu?
My dad just won some mega awesome parent points.
His favorite band right now is the Civil Wars.
I just saw what people have called a 'Selena Gomez'.
I don't understand what the huff is all about...She looks like a Pomeranian
yep real good been away a while.
Good to catch up
Thanks!
I LOVE dolphins  often see dolphins while surfing :
ssshh...
did u just touch wood when u said that Annie?
except in healthcare, oddly enough: Cheaper/Quicker usually means higher quality, too!
Very dayofDH: IT sent network tech to boost wifi in my classroom so all students can use , voyanttools, 
hey come discount double check out the show tonight at ten bells in bayview
hey boss, anyway can have off for Columbus Day tomorrow?
You know how important this holiday is for us.
For writers, this from Alan Watt; when we make the story more important than the result, the story has a chance to live.
Flo, let's make it 11:30.
I'm heading out to a meeting shortly, should be done by 11.
Let's talk!
U have a pretty voice..

Thanks for posting about our volunteer training!
Charleston  cleaner, safer and the best restaurants in the South!
The New York Lotterys Mega Millions jackpot is up to 500,000,000!
Im going to play today!
asecs12 Carey asking Pangbourne, do you see a tradition of Americans measuring their imperial aspirations against Islamic empire?
upgrade?
from a nokia to a flip phone??!!!
ngga please :
Image from area near NW 5th and NW Couch, where police say man jumped from 5th floor of building after running from officers.
visionconf inspirational words ecoligical issues are global issues

just to be consistent, here's your treat 4 last nite's attacks : Stephen A and I about to do battle.
Be there.
Hollywood, what!?
What are you going there for?
And when r u visiting NYC?
Decided instead of getting the day started right away, to spend an hour in bed listening to Josh Radin.
I feel rejuvenated!
if you're 04, I think you forfeit the right to call anything a swindle.
all good here.
Skj just waiting to hear from universities.
March is for choices, April for decisions!
Empty nest here we come!
A real relationship is not built on being nice; it's built on being real.
im so proud of you right now.....that was amazing3 simply incredible
It's a little tricky, forget about the first couple of attempts.
You might get the custard right, but the pastry...
What do u need hlp with?
Where are u located?
sun's setting on that course, lol.
He'll be home in 10!
that's tough.
I'm not sure who helps the other more
AV the tweeting machine
S/o to all the beautiful people out there.
....A quick walk in this foggy, chilly weather will really get your blood pumping...
I'm finally awake!
: BUENOS DAS!
Nah, sold out, worked instead...going Monday night though!
Whatchu doin tonite?

i gave in and watched thevoice...
payphone...
AWESOME...
now my add is setting in...
back to 
As I was DJing, playing Wilco's hummingbird to be exact, some dude played It takes two by Rob Base and DJ EZ Rock on the jukebox.
Cornell doc used as a reference in my cmtraining webinar  nice to see my past and present worlds interacting :
freshmanyeartaughtme when you make out with guys from choir or the theatre department, don't be surprised if they come out by graduation.
Glad you enjoyed your gf meal!
Have a wonderful holiday and we look forward to our picnics together in 2012!
Bill Leavy is a terrible ref.
Just plain bad.
Only have 5 minutes before Kaspersky freezes my system again..so quick, suggestions for a better Internet Security program?
Justin's shoe size is only 7 1/2.
Can that be right?
Congrats on your first 50 tweet you lameo.
It only took you 3 years to get one.
omg my TL is filled with RAW tweets and I can't watch it till later.
:' Brb for 3 hours you spoilers.
Why must you tweet everything?
Doheny Memorial Library
I thought that too.
Use the same stuff as always.
Unless they changed formula
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!!!
Hope your day goes perfect!
333
Radio playing The Beatles albums straight through
Yeah, he's Q on Star Trek.
John DeLancie, don't I follow him on Twitter?
He has a Speedo?
No, that's  me 
Absolutely I will.
I'm in LOVE with my !!!
Excited to see how well my new lip tar glides right on with your amazing lip brush
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!
CD Release show  The Triple Rock in Minneapolis, MN!
more details on www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
Just got rained on walking back from my biology final and only slipped twelve times.
Ok sixteen.
Well, fortytwo.
Thug life.
Thank you for stopping by!!
Wear the old coat and buy the new book.
Austin Phelps, 1881
Haha I think it means Peyton no longer has interest in the Redskins?
Twitting skimmer
Anyone want to go to the UK/UofL baseball game tonight in Lexington?
Here comes the funk, the whole funk, and nothing but the funk.
All laughs now, but cut throat very soon.
I love you thhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssss much  more !
why does the pineapple i just cut up taste like soap?
icky
Is there a pattern here to my favorite guys??
Jake, Jake Austin, Austin...
Indeed!
RT : Well said by : Health communication is hard.
Life is complicated and people are strange.
A Golf With Exceptional Grip  New York Times
I love the new pic ;D
What were you doing ten years ago today?
Write it and perform  milwaukee avenue arts fest 7/25 for TWW's Rx Reading Series
Omg just realized I said flowers haha
I am not an expert but I've had friends in your same shoes and it is a tough situation, good luck  keep your heart in it.
You have my vote!!
: since becoming an actual candidate, I have renounced the use of the guillotine against the worst...
RT I just sent u a doctorp.
i couldn't find any acapellas from songs with Atown in it..
let's see if you'll come up with a lie...
WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!
SOTU yah for community college shout out, not so keen on reframing as completely vocational.
Found at the  try them, they rock!
Everyone please tell your friends to follow us!
We are only 14 followers away from 1000!
Please help us!
:D
Shoulda been QPR going down but let's be honest, Owen Coyle is no Premier League manager.
Spelling mistakes can ruin your life.
Tre story one man sent this text to his wife, I'm having a great time, wish you were her.
Good afternoon to two of the sexiest ladies that I know:
thanks for sharing the project!
:
Empire Records iis on Netflix!
AH!
awww I really did I had no one to argue with lol everbody was like..
mane I wish destiny was here ..:
ChuckNorris once bet NASA he could survive reentry without a spacesuit.
Playing Frisbee by yourself is a rough game.
Will someone come and play with me?
Please?!
Gimme the Gig ...
Having a blast !
Meeting awesome poeple in awesome bands doing awesome things!
AWESOME!
why cant you see that i been texting you all day?
Some of my most memorable clothing items from the 90s were Timberland boots and LL Bean pullovers!
Not cruiseappropriate!
;
Fake me is right.
I AM bored.
I WANT to talk.
And you're assholes.
: Hey, assholes!
I'm bored, assholes.
Talk to me, assholes.
2 days without a Human Rights Violation!
FACEBOOK HAS A FACEBOOK, TWITTER HAS A TWITTER, TUMBLR HAS A TUMBLR, LINKEDIN HAS A LINKED IN.
JOIN ME ON, LIKE, FOLLOWING A MODIFIED TWEET.
My Starbucks cup says Sheamus.
Close enough.
i still think you are ready to audition, Im just trying to think of it as another class, ,but w strangers, and scarier ;p
Why you askin' all them questions?
Sigh.
It's too bad I can't get paid for knowing stupid things, like all Six of Charlie's Angels by actress, character,  city of origin...
We shop at the same Forever 21.
Can I get a RT?
i love you babe wait i dont have a babe
You guys are too cute girrl !
So apparently the oline is not an issue anymore because Martz called alot of 7 step doctorps we'll see
how have YOU been??
Miss you  the whole AZ RE crew.
My manager emailed you, did you get it??
Baked Pierogi w/Uzvar or Salmon Tartare with Baby Beets Salad  Sparkling Water or Soda.
Pick any brunch 4 Mom.
reading your stupid ass tweets..
like juice from beetles haha u can buy it...
It seriously makes then go away and it wont leave a scar
your phone sucks, apparently.
Does anyone else watch Revenge I absolutely love this show on ABC on Wednesday nights?
Husky Game Day Baby!
Can't wait to see our boys in the Garden.
Come to The Spot to watch with us.
Nice to meet you, !
I look forward to our conversations!
HOT DAMN.
I like the first one!
: hehe
Nf, can I get a follow back?
Longcat is long
A saxophone is like a lawsuit.
Everyone is happy when the case is closed.
another day, another blessing ..
Let content dictate breakpoints in responsive design, not device size
The stars r beautiful out in the open road...
Where all i think about is you my one true love...
Are they going to kick it to Hester?
killed it on the Evolution series tonight.
Nathan Davis' piece for ring modulated crotales and clarinet  cell phones FTW
One more dog adoption and I can afford the jacuzzi upgrade.
Hello Twitterverse!
Happy Mother's Day!
It's time to dominate this paper...uh, after I watch Glee.
yup im so happy its a saturday!
haha icangohardallday lol
follow Steve Lenox, and Steve return the favorLenox is a good Cork man
I love you to baby:D and your awesome vagina;3
NEW YEAR'S EVE  FREE CHAMPAGNE AT MIDNIGHT...Join us!
Lots of capitals fans out tonight
What a shitty night....
Omg long Time
Sexiness is a synonym for mysterious.
Singing to get women is cheating
HEY JOEY!!!
would you follow me please??
:D i Love you in Ramona and Beezus i think thats how you spell it...
Please :D
RT : MWP made the right basketball play!
Point blank period!
A NBA pro has to make open shots!!!
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Charles Horton Cooley
Payout Music babay!
I do too!
: RT : We LOVE you back, I'm not sure about that person though.
it's pronounced Hahkmed Correct?
that ain't a tattoo.
That's an imprint because you passed out on top of the emblem
Who will we be seeing Saturday for our Cinco De doctornko party?
;
strange reaction considering the no.
of Arse players at City now.
Why is it that when couples aint married they wanna act married but when theyre married that can be married  are always clashing
way too much time with Frankel.
I actually went to CBS.
Poor Savannah...
Now retweet that I was kidding :

M FOLLOW AUSTIN'S PIZZA: 3 I mean you should because 1.
PIZZA IS DELICIOUS 2.
It's Austins:
lol no.
That doctorwing was on a WHOLE new level
ItsFunnyHow you can tell someone likes someone else, but you can't tell when someone likes you.
Amazing to think Champion owned the uniform rights to the 1992 USA Basketball team.
My honesty is one of my worst traits ...
I come off boujee and stuck up
Sounds like Jamie is a stalker!
Every time I laugh in class and can't stop this kid in my class thinks I'm on doctorgs lmfaooooo
You mention the NFL and MLK Day How come the NFL offices are open on MLK DAY.
They took the S/Bowl away from AZ but they are open
Aw thank you Nikia!
Likewise!
I appreciate ya ;D
Please follow me i'd be the happiest girl to walk the Earth!
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE!:
Looking for some really cute oxfords..
If you're in the DC area then look no further!
Go visit and pick up some MTNG oxfords :
not sure.
haven't been yet.
can't make it, sadly.
mega suck.
go.
MINES are fucking great.
What an overload of information.
Now he's a manager at a restaurant.
bring yo pretty self on up!
My hands long to play in your hair!!
Yeah, thinking much the same.
We don't have a research budget, per se.
But my dean would be amenable to a couple books a semester.
Looking for a quick bite before the NACUA workshop starts?
There's a great European bistro on the lower lobby level of the Fairmont.
Wilbon also said Nash would not fit on Miami.
So theres that...
: i damn sho' would!
Thanks for having us!
RT : Great day at the LMA Toronto Conference.
lmatorconf.
Thx to everyone who made this day possible!
and by over here you mean over here right?
If all the raindoctorps were lemondoctorps and gumdoctorps, oh that would really hurt a lot.
Seether is taking the stage...
Blowing the roof off!
Reading your last night's tweets to piece together what happened because you got your doctornk on.
Hard.
So glad to be home!
I gotta be next to you.
3
Watched girls on YouTube.Immediate reaction, following 's post: will we get to meet the housekeeper Hannah stole from?
I refuse to watch that again.
Omg.
Lots of cool stuff about windows 8...
if only it wasn't vaporware.
funny, I was in the same situation.
heartbreaking.
I hate when people go the extra mile to front on facebook when u know the truth about them lol
everyday i wish for to follow me he never does but i wont give up ill be wishing for him to follow me when im 80
I never think of the future  it comes soon enough.
Albert Einstein
ok so i practiced doctorving today in my friends dad's truck and like i seriously almost had a heart attack .
i honestly dont think im ready
Encouraging to move beyond social media is twoway  be there or be square  2011cmc.
Next, let's problematize authenticity of voice.
ya i hate school :/ and im pissed thats the only stop in texas
Great place to watch the game too RT : Von Trier.
Still an east side treasure.
it's gone already..
Lol...
Were u from?
Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge you is yourself.
Pretty people, smart people, tall people, athletic people R privileged.
That's cause we're human beings  we have senses.
Today's the day we string together two wins a row and start a new winning streak.
Time to beat up on the Twins  crush their souls
Frank Sinatra before bed, love having my own studio to myself
Got the car stuck in the mud.
Sludge!
i'm not shy i'm just holding back my awesomeness so i don't intimidate you
Think we're all set!
It's Truthing but that's ok : After this performance, next time we see Tebow he's going to be Piercing.
Finally here!
Thanks!!
Better things are coming too.
RT : you guys make some cool shoes
1.
that's not a pregnancy test, and 2.
you're pissing on my flash doctorve
Yeah buddy!
I was in between patients.
i forgot all about mike bibby.
he used 2 be that dude 4real.
Some ppl can rly be irritating
Raking leaves.
.....My neighbors hate my leaves.
I think they are pretty.
Goes to show you that we all have different perspectives.
did you know she moved and is nowhere near a curling club!
hey Ma!
follow back!
Wine and blueberries
PreOpening Party w/ The Presidents of the United States of America  Battle of the Geek Bands  ShowboxSODO.
Doors open 5.
hell yea cuz i keep writin for no reason..
Beautiful!
RT: Childoctorn, Nature is a book and each object in Nature is a page in the bookAmma
Mothers Rule : RT : I'm glad my mommy can fix cars.
She's putting my new battery in.
Even Ron Paul's Eyebrows are embarrassed by his get any gayer joke.
Just like the clouds my eyes will do the same, if you walk away everyday it wil rain BMars theman YesStillJammingToThisSong :
yes, there are, but the 10 student spots are going fast!
Dear Mike: Your schtick with Mike Golic is already way too old.
Thanks, a former listener.
and I would love some FroYo at Metro Center on this lovely Spring day!!!
We'll bring friends too!!!
I hope you go to prison Blocked
DWTS tomorrow!!
who's voting for ?
Yes, given the size of those fanbases, that would be expected by any statistician.
It is Monday and it is looking like an amazing week.
hey!
Been a huge fan forever : askshane what's your favorite flavor of ice cream, sherbet, sorbet, or frozen deliciousness?
It helps us all by promoting equality,but I'm ok with him backburnering it until after th election,it'll be a tough fight as it is.
Going to be a dogfight at the top of the table in the EPL!
Thanks, Janet!
Quite happy with the Council's unanimous vote.
Hope the Mayor will listen to them!
Caps win.
Big Bad Bruins miss Nate Horton.
one of the sickest rappers/ soul artists ever.
SUBMiT
Thank you for your thoughtfulness!!!
Yes, it went through and yes, we are still packing!
Hooray!
2 days left then Its back to prison !
Success!
Got Craigslist advice from Cindy and had Hyde Park Chocolate Cake Date w/Bibi.
All in all, a good day.
hey dude!
We had fun hanging out with you guys at the concert.
Rock on sista :
how fun would that be!
Will would love it.
Since the casino is opening up, I'll be wandering around town looking for Danny Ocean and the boys...
Knowing you can't really get weird at your friend's party b/c you're running an 8k in the AM.
Mommie: let's watch movies all day Me: okay!!!!
Mommie:z lmao happy mothers day to my mommie
There's a definite power shift that occurs anytime there are more dogs than humans in a house.
Luc Lac kitchen.
Love his place!
Tai Iced tea is dope and the chicken skewers are killin it.
that is affirmative!
Would I be a TOTAL witch if I screeched, YOUR PLACE IS HERE!!!
right now?
Mornin y'all
Once again, and their shitty way of not keeping formatting has ruined my day
This sucks..
Now I know how a pirate must feel.
It is not the business trying to see things out of only one eye..
Nor on the web, it's the Bane of US cycling coverage.
For some reason road noise is verboten.
Do random fans always pat your back when you're doing the game recap?
Im going to graduate, leave Florida and Move to California by 2014!
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is doctoramless, soulless and visionless
Let's go, Chattanooga!
Who's ready for some crafty Warehouse Row action this weekend?
Tavern Downtown::Sunday Thru Tuesday ALL DAY SPECIALS!
Large Pizza 108 Nets 13 Wings4 Classic Sliders for 4...We are the proud Fan...
Flyers with a strong PK this time.
Nabokov makes a big save on a SH rush
are they holding signs that say we want a bailout?
cause those aren't rats dude...those are protesters.
:
Jonah hill is too funny
Being in Chicago was fun yesterday...today I will explore my city!
I think read my tweet.
3 Because I tweeted him to pray for London,next thing he tweeted was about London.
3 OMG...
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to the Belle Isle Grand Prix this summer!
you should follow me because i do an A helicopter impression
Happy New Year!!
Have a wonderful 2012  hope to see you in your town soon!!
The Irouleguy is sharper and more angular than the Madiran to me.
The Madiran was all soft curves and this is hard corners.
You've got to be kidding me!
Libricide book, 3 types: destruction, decline, displacement.
So glad my phone is back : whats up tweeters...
don't do it!
I don't mind being in school today, I just don't feel like doing any work 
I'm doctorving home tomorrow.
Get at me if you want a ride.
That was me and my world famous Top Banana jersey!
See you at SMPSdc tonight?
going to find the pink bat tomorrow!
Debunking a myth: Generation Y will not usher in a postpaper world.
Books will exist on multiple levels and appeal to a variety of readers.
Oh yeah Good Morning Tweeters!!!
:
Wish me luck Time to go in for my cataract surgery
Gimme your BB pin,I wanna call you....
lmao
I just became a really big fan just 1hr ago I LOVE ur voice n hope u make it far n life u got my vote on the next music awards
Just heard a fascinating presentation on political sorting in online dating: people sort correctly w/o seeing explicit political opinions!
Music is my life.
My New Favorite Workout Tool  Amazing Workout!
Training with resistance bands allows you to build long, lean muscle and burn fat all...
ash check ya self before ya wreck ya self jk but i do hate it!
With a passion!
Lol
lol likey cliques.
Everyone has their lil set group of friendsdont fw anyone else
You were like the cutest baby ever!
Haha :
Have a great Mother's Day!
Or curler..
This is my natural hair.
Lol
Poor waiter.
I'm watching this guy and his table will make him either lose his patience or his mind
listen idk what doth of kink ur into but my glasses better be clean!
oh you fancy.
when are you going?
we'll be done recording soon 2 singers left.
Thanks, as always, for the FF !
Any ASIAN Mahomies here ?
right.
But if its 4 NEW tires...
He'll have his college TE to throw to, so that should help.
We should be able to at least double our win total from last year!
;
Maybe yea
Had A BUSY Day.Finished Taking A Shower Now Going To Sleep,Almost 10pm
what a chode
Coffee is what water aspires to be...
sweet.
I didn't know she did that.
Well, Mapleton half marathon here I come!
I stand correct 'if the schools come to an agreement' aka buyout.
But this isn't over correct?
NCAA will have their say?
I hope headlines has a show soon.
I have a little fan girl crush on :
ur professorle pic n.n ur hair color is perfect :
RT Thank you to the students and facility at Georgia Tech that are using us regularly.
Have you told your friends about us?
i can't wait to hear what the news is!
ThoughtsWhileRunning Run!
It's the cops!
My family will appreciate the fact that my chatacter's name on Days of Our Lives is Francisco...which was my grandfather's name.
Nature vs nurture.
Data for nature seems stronger every day.
we have a chime when people chat with you.
Are you hearing it?
I sent a message or two yesterday to you.
Oh Gini...
You're one of a kind.
Haha
Can't do anything right,
thanks Lisa!
Checking it out now.
About to write with the talented Trevor Forsman for his project.
Let's go!!
now a Chicago tool,lol...miss ya Ben
Thanks for this.
I had the peppers in my hand trying to think of something to do with them yesterday.
Remember the HFH billboards?
We r making bags w/ them but we need help cutting.
Sat 9:303:30 Interested
I hope you don't mind.
We like to share articles that alumni have written.
Thank you for the follow.
just like old times.
Two more days of Seattle Restaurant Week!
Yum!
Reflecting: back from FLA vacation, Easter svc w/ family, Masters Sunday, then return 2 get to go to job
Won't lie...
Avengers kick some major ass!!!
Can't wait to go again with !!!!
SO.
EXCITED.
FOR.
TONIGHT.
Learning blues and jazz songs to expand my repertoire for a radical change of pace.
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy all of the NHL games live online!!!!
Hello and thx for following!
let's get weird halloween weekend.
Whatever ur view on raging immig.
debate lets face it: whats not to like about holiday that celebrates kicking of French ass?
tru!!!
And my bestie came home so I'm gonna doctorve her to the airport later so doctorving to ri and then to Logan is a lot of gas
come out this friday night!
: 
looks good!!
Lol
Ooh!
American bandmasters association!
I'm super excited too!
My teacher this morning was like ok I'm just gonna doctornk more coffee wit kalua.
Hahaha
All wars are follies, very expensive and very mischievous ones.
Benjamin Franklin
What do you mean?
I don't work in fashion!!
Lol
I miss you too!
Had lunch with and we talked about how I miss seeing you!
Rite now!
It's Banamas sunset Wednesday till 2
hey im on twitter while im in science!!!!
im being a bad girl hahah!!3 how ya doin niall???3
Is is never safe to look into the future with eyes of fear
C u then!
: Join me 4 Twitter discussion this Sun, 4/22 ET on the topic, What Is a Confident Woman?
Hashtag
VotegrahamBGT trended in less than 3 minutes.
Directioners seriously own twitter..
: Spanish women ARE beautiful 3
RT : fell down a wikipedia rabbit hole.
send cheese.
South Loop workplace already NATOd out.
Practically had to pass a polygraph to get past security into the building.
221 for the Clippers?
That is amazing.
Crowd is in shock
He worried about my digits, but I'm worried about his girlfriend's digits...
RT : Q2 Some of greatest power lies in grad students.
have power to speak, write, and promote change in a way admins cannot
What is it with all the laughing on these NBC shows!
It's unbearable.
How many days a week do you feel crappy because you didn't get enough done?
AUSTIN MAHONE AND JB SHOULDN'T EVEN BE IN THE SAME PICTURE WITH 1D!!!
AM AND JB ARE WAAAYY BETTER THEN THE 5 MUSKETEERS PUT TOGETHER!
Love the article.
I heard M Monahan at Marquette U deliver a similar critique of the language of privilege at a conf last fall.
Even when no one is going to see you, try to look nice.
Opportunities r everywhere.
B ready!
Nagging feeling I made appt to meet someone Sat pm at alamw12 but not in calendar.
After meet that is.
OMG!!
Our card was stolen, we're are waiting for the information, it was somewhere between williamsburg and greenpoint!
Remember, continue giving special love to mom everyday
you gave me my wish, of following me3 imma true mahomie!
mahomies gonna love wow, youre amazing: RT/Tweet me back;
These new people do not know the ropes that well and they will jump at anything
what are you going to do with all your posters..?
: check out mistermooth.com for swimming form.
Great site that will showcase proper form.
Triathlon swimming Thx!
My fianc is not agreeing to my suggestion of watching tomgreenshow reruns instead of MadMen tonight.
the color of the too too nail polish is hot pink!!!
3
Of the 32 1st round picks of the 2011 doctorft only 3 had fewer than 200 snaps.
They had between 99115.
Can you name them?
exercise bands are still in there  we reclassified them as specialized equipment and they're available as an Expansion Pack!
Canby's 4x100 relay of and Josh Kraemer set school record Tuesday in West Linn dual.
HUGE chem final tomorrow ..........
catch you guys later!
Wish us luck : Hoping for an A
taco ball is nasty.
Wow, that's awesome exposure.
Congratulations!
I just sold a DVD player, I am so happy
Hope you feel better Mike!
Respect your work.
I grew up with your forecasts in STL watching
Well said!
when la bound you entertaining?
Do not allow SB 1530 2eliminate constitutional due process rights 4teachers.
We deserve the right 2a hearing!
Habeas corpus!
my thought is honestly it's not my battle.
I do feel concerned about how I will explain these topics to my 7 year old....sigh
i respect yah gangsta ,, put some on yah neck to thank yah
Usinger sausage on the grill, Wisconsin beer in hand, in good company...life is good.
lol why did she touch you?
yes!
perfect spring/summertime handbag
call us your BELIEBERS!!
1982 was in Montreal, where high school goes to 11th grade.
1983 was in BC where we spent a year when my Dad took sabbatical.
Ushers still alive?
I FEEL SO BAD!!
I forgot yesterday was your last day and I didn't give you proper hugs and smooches.
I'm so sad.
I'm a longsatisfied free customer,  you'll have my monthly money if your price points get closer to Gdoctorve's
lol she's like 1 right?
Happy birthday!
I'll point you  Conor towards the best fish pie, sausage rolls and bangers  mash next week in Jax :
Hiding from the eyes that see I have been defeated.
nerd.
can i have one?
haha, alright!
That's good to know!
: Thanks!!
sure thing!
I know nothing about either, but I'm so excited!!!!
RT Patriots have had a huge day....C.Jones, and Hightower....WOW
My Mom got her car door hit this morning and whoever did it didn't stick around it's able to be fixed but it's always something it seems.
:
If you dont ask, the answer is always no
Ahh, well.
Let me know if you need help next time.
How's the palms going for ya thus far?
Sun then clouds  a few isolated showers this afternoon.
Temps in the 60s.
Saturday is phenomenal...sunny, mid 70s.
Enjoy!
AGREED RT : With the way Stewart has called pitches for CC and hit give him more starts Couldnt hurt
tattoos, memorabilia sales, cash, prostitutes, yachts, mansions, strip clubs, abortions vs shoe discounts
Awesome day for tea, Mlle.
Graduate
well some of it only cuz there was nothing else on!
Re: advertisers , i recommend looking across Harris Pub at their bestseller mags like Dog News, etc
: Haters gonna hate.
Bitches gonna bitch.
Bosses gonna shine.
Just because a relationship ends, doesnt mean 2 people have stopped loving each other.
They just stopped hurting each other.
doctoram of a universal library goes back much further than 1938.
Happy birthday !!: 3
gee you don't know how hard it is to be as funny and awesome as me day in and day out, i'm like fn' james franco
Y u always u up n my ass, me and my ass fine
Receive 16 units of FREE Botox when purchasing 1 syringe of Juvederm
lmao hhahahahahahaha haha I can't even argue with you lol wow
HER MOM UGLY AS HELL HOW THE FUCK SHE COME OUT LOOKING SO SEXY WOW !!!
Geek Switch  Turning You On To Everything New and Nerdy!: Final ...
Oh, absolutely!
New professorle Pic Of Ari!
Let Me Know If You Like It!
: xx
It can't be helped.
Gotta read WIP from beginning or I may write myself right into a hole.
amwriting rule broken.
Unnerving
RT Welcome to App Store on Twitter!
Follow us to discover new apps, get exclusive offers, and share with friends.
THIS IS STUPID
thank you so much.
:
Stop by Mario's Eastside Saloon this Saturday for THE Kentucky Derby Event.
We also can't wait!
It was an amazing day of filming!
AH!
Please post a picture babe :D
If Brewers are done in July, who's the best young SS they could get for Greinke?
Brave little lion man...
STOP EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!....did I say I love you today??
OK I love you now have a wonderful day :
Prescience?
: People who aren't in some fundamental sense in need become monsters.
Yay!
Landed work for tomorrow on Law  Order LA :
If we would treat people how we wanted to be treated, the world would be a better place.
Damnit.
This is BadAssThursday.
This is no time for the firewall to block port 4070.
Preppin' up for the day, damn, it smells so good in here.
Open 11am5pm for you to
J.P.
Tokoto would win this contest with one dunk...
Got a broken heart that needs fixing, and I don't rely on NO BTCHES !
: Hello..
I am Model 371.
On Earth they call me 3 I know ur more than what they can see!
Love, Ur Scarlet Angel
Tim Shadel is giving a great talk about the Facebook Graph API.
Entertaining and useful.
I know it's lame.
But lmao shieeeeeeeeet!
That's how we do it!
I hope you got some earlier.
I'm sure it's long gone by now.
Good morning.
Doc appt today.
RockOnward Love your dedication to the music scene!
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
and dont look all shock and start crying he hit yo ass.

Failure cannot cope with persistence.
Napoleon Hill
Statement from TN: The people behind anti immigrant attacks are the same who try to deny the rights of women and all people
They say it never rains in southern california?
seeking a recruiter and an Account Mgr for a staffing/recruiting company in Dublin OH.
Resumes to
Too many events this week, not enough outfits.
Hopefully can solve this problem!
The facilitator is flipping through the question cards because most of the questions are about Paterno
The original colonies.
wait a minute...wait a minute!
You're a girl?
I can't talk to you anymore :P
Thanks for the follow!
Wow  big switch for you next year!
I've wanted to play there forever but still haven't gotten around to it yet...
awesome view.
Going solo to a kickin' bday party tonight, but I won't know anybody there who wants to go with me??
Chrissy that was honestly what I thought!
Tina and got it!
NICE!
rt: Marketing your company and yourself is a 24/7 job.
If you want time away from your job, you shouldn't own or lead a business
i really wanna be appart of the STA track team again
1.6 million increase to help support the Circulator and other nonregional bus service
HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY!
you're 21 now.
can't give you anymore shit now :p
Fireside Nut Brown 12 packs for 7.99 at Pick N Save on North and Humboldt.
I'll help them get rid of the winter seasonal!
What network?
you can say what you want.
but the NBA doesn't want small market teams winning.
they know it too.
Dont think my tweet went thru..
but yea been here 3 weeks def thrivin out here in pitt bro
Happy to be back in Indianapolis after a whirlwind trip to NY.
Looking forward to our shows
Hey, do you love me or my app?
its allgood man have a good day
U are lucky your are cute or I would be done with your ass for sure.
I'm higher than that thang walking down Western
My friend saw u at the aquarium!
and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,33:DD
hey bro its hot as hell in here tonight!
Oh follow me.
Choice STILL defines who you are...BE CHOOSEY!!!
it came frum the heart nd she's only 6 so ya
don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life because you don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
An energetic and emotional relationship is what you are looking at if you are seriously dating an Aries guy.
Yes, sir.
Looking forward to it!
craze!!!
I was getting ready 2 tweet close to what u did!!!
Lmao ;D
be sure to yell..
get off my lawn!
Thanks for the offer, though.
I just found a generous donor.
This just in  to give keynote addoctorss on January 20th at 4pm.
The event is free and open to the public.
not only do i have an amazing protective bf.
but also guy friends, who are ready to kick ass when a dude hurts me.
i think you should come to new york :
rewriting, redoctorfting, rethinking....
really not looking forward to waking up at 7 again tomorrow morning
Oh Robert stop it, I'm pretty sure you married with childoctorn!
XD
What You Want is AMAZING!
I've been listening to the album for the past three hours!
please follow my friends and !
You're the best Codes!
You're welcome.
Thank you for your service.
I wish I could ride a camel.
Such a great day at work today!!
Ray of Duncanville: We don't need testing every grade, every year, in 4,5 subjects.
That's wearing us out.
The new chariot album iiisss pretty much the shit.
I love the new Passion CD!
always a pleasure to share the stage with you at the
I don't wanna be misjudged.
i cant keep it together at home lol
I only eat them at the county fair.
Seriously, I have a plan and it doesn't involve a heart attack :
I am the first month, I'll be back June 16thish, and jord is staying at bsu for the summerr
Teaching my sis how to tweet
All girl's are bitches
Hey FOX, how much more could you have made foregoing the Black Eyed Peas.
When will it end?
Another 3 hour doctorve!
Woo, I think I am finally recovered from Saturday's doubleheader.
Thanks to everyone who came out!
News at BookMobile is, Margit is leaving us for library science school, Gretchen is taking over Margit's job,  Heidi is my new assistant.
Bitches cry about the recession and not making money...
but they still pay full price for my shit!
It's pretty awesome!
margin call, if you're into ows at all that is
Today at 2pm ET we'll share factoids from our curator tour of FireIceExhibit on the Hindenburg disaster.
Ask us your questions!
Go to my professorle or youtube and listen to my single everybodys a critic featuring jdiggs from thizz ...dope music...no lie
so true pham
Sometimes people needa dose of their own medicine !!
my statement to the police will read ' the man in the bathroom stall sounded like he was fighting the devil in a shallow pool'
Bought my cap  gown today.
50 for something that will soon collect dust in my closet.
Any grad wear repurposing suggestions?
How does my dad get an iPhone 4S before me?
Lol
She's so sweet and kindness tweets to They are Awesome Victorians :
RIP Beana, I love u soo much.
say hi to my daddy for me 
he is a very brilliant British comedian who was best known for his portrayal of misterbean
Having a great time at Troutman Sanders' Associate Retreat learning about the business of law firms.
Hope to see you done there!
RT : Reading about it sounds so great!
May have to make a stop there on Sat.!
Who to go with to prom?
Aha
MORE POWER TO HER.
does this mean google docs files too?
listening to coast to coast am while trying to get motivated
Visiting Alaska in Aug!
Any tips on lodging, wildlife cruises, kayaking in Seward?
You are both so great!
Looking fwd to seeing you on June 24th!
I wish someone would explain why ANY woman supports the GOP.
Is this the Stockholm Syndoctorme writ large?
Thats what I just said!
Haha RT : put it in the fridge
Had an afternoon stroll with Dairy Godmother, and last dinner as roomies at Evening Star.
Farewell, Del Ray!
You've been splendid.
official tag is
Sometimes I feel I will never be as good as him that I will never compare to him and it kills me inside
i don't really have room in my life for a new show, but happy endings is kinda the shit.
amen to that!
Have a good one!
Too bad more sports/industries can't be run that way...
Depends on who you're talking to.....
Anyone else have trouble with not loading reliably?
get down to 618 s.
Michigan!
right now!
Don't be a turkey, come to the Avenue March 9 to see The Turkeys  Sassy Molasses........I'm sorry.
I couldn't help it.
I just rofled into the tunnel of love.
so awesome to share in your surprise party Friday.
You are amazing !
Very interesting!
Kaytal: Alito is in play because he's differential to democratic processes.
what u going to school for?
RT A shot clock adds to the value of playing great team/help defense.
Hey why u not following me?
hey follow me so i can DM u :D
SPEED searching for next big stars!
Singers comedians dancers novelty acts.
audition 8779093883 email 
that is so true.
Grilling some ckicken
Ran into my old friend from CNN Atlanta days yesterday.
A hustler to her heart.
Wishing her wealth in very near future.
stfu stop singing these old dusty songs
Kirwan: Higher education must do their part to addoctorss the cost structure
It could've been me.
It should've been me.
do what you feel.
you're the one who has to live with it.
Is in the mood for some serious sushi
We in Kentucky hope that Jones joins UK.
We also hope you join UK as well!
Brrr.
It's a chilly morning in Louisville.
You think the warm weather is gone for good?
The dead trees in our yard are coming down.
mani/pedi/massage booked for after the holidays...
i am gonna need it!!!!
Pileggi on the square...
you better be good!
Ok Glee, you lost me..
Rumor has it BroccoliSamurai to lead off their set w Up Late theme song
oh ha ha, K Julie blush boinggg
tonight will be a huge
Happy Birthday to my good friend
We add bell peppers and extra Parmesan to make our bolognese extra awesome!
Where are you guys from?
How was your wedding wknd in DC?
Did you make it to Eastern Market?
you need to!
Lol
I think ppl just tell eack other they love each other just for the fun of it, cuz some people dont even no what love mean they just say it.!
: i wanna meet you and touch your ass ugh :
Oh yeah not saying they'd def win it but the Broncos would be right there with NE and Hou plus the AFC is getting weaker.
Looking at the possibility of coming back from vacation...
cemetery needs mowing...classroom needs to be set up....
Good morning P who's in Baltimore at cc12?
Message us to let us know you are here.
okay just wanted to know i told mom to pick me up early lmao
my friend went too ;; and then called me to spazz about it afterwards.
Andoctorw J Men's doctorss shirt at www.leodys.com
I hate that I have so many feelings for you.
you can get those on our website.
www.clicgearusa.com.
You will never have another flat tire!
Not surprised to see LeBron win his 3rd MVP.
Hands down, he's still the NBA's Most Visible Peckerhead.
The youth are a force of nature.
If we dont teach them their history arent we creating a force that pulls us in the wrong direction?
:o!
wow lucky!
haha
I love Marquette basketball, but it causes me a lot of stress!
Ah
what an awesome app to do a real time visualization of conversation!
you're funny lol
Does anyone know where I can stream Dawson's Creek free online?
I have a sudden urge to devour these...
The big bad boogie man Texas is overplayed and there are certain advantages to FSU being relatively separate
Why are the judges being so mean to ?
I think she did amazing!
RT : Many settle and later regret it...
don't settle, God will see you through.
Just vacuumed crumbs off of my daughter with a dustbuster.
Awesome!
welcome!
I liked the old one too, but the new one is much better.
And I think the last line is a GREAT hook...it's really memorable!
Went and saw the vow with :
As an MBA student, it is likely that you will be presented with internship opportunities
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a realtor, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
Robots are immune to psychics.
My friend Brendan, like two minutes ago
oh yeah haha awkward...
Haven't been back since...
Lol
Glad you enjoyed it!
Hope to see you again soon!
RIP Maurice Sendak, you delightful old curmudgeon.
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
Confucius
Have a Happy and Safe 4th of July!
Don't forget the reason for the Holiday!
Just joined the LIS New professorssionals Network.
Took about 10 seconds.
Shoulda done this ages ago...
can we please get trippy ...
is with it
please play Britney Spears Criminal
in l.a but cnt go see him : dat sucks!!
OU women's basketball game  SUCCESS!!!
we should go hahah.
the childoctorn of lawyers can be frightening.
;
be the better person and give it to her!:
then that is something i want to be  thanks for sharing  Ellen
I can write a dozen content marketing items on What 'Office Space' Teaches Your Business for a client, but don't know if they'd approve...
This peach cobbler doe!
well you need to stop doing it then.
You mentioned me?
I ben listenin to it all day..The Sun finally out..So I had to play it
Thank You for your service my brother!
Rick plz influence the program directors to stop with the Burris stuff and give us real news like.
anything else that bleeds leads right?
20 seconds for Oregon.
They can run 12 plays
How are you going to make your day great?
Have a plan.
Execute it.
Just got in the house.
Kids are cool
Yes it was  definitely killed it tonight!
I felt really bad for Samily too but Emily will find a way!
:
Just seen to nice aged pieces of dark chocolate walk pass!
my mom thinks i should tell my grandma that i'm gay.
if she wasn't freaky for jesus, i might reconsider.
in my experience yes!
He was articulating a question for the editorial board ...
at the UT, that's been pretty partisan.
thanks for the shout out:
pero, how is that possible on your prom night?
:l
wana come follow our show april 1st in poughkeepsie new york with a ton of big names?
email me at
always a good feeling!!!
What u about to cop??
IUPUI, but I want an apartment.
green juice!
hey  : can I intro u to the folks at the Dartmouth Entrepreneurial Network and Tuck Entrepreneurship folks?
I like analyzing fan experience, but I wish there wasa school of baseball thought that shunned material goods like Buffalo Bacon SloppyJoe
Happy Birthday!!!!
Best Company Name Ever: ADHD Labs.
From Philip Kaplan, who is also behind and more.
Thanks very much for the follow.
Looking forward to experiencing your wines  winery on a future trip up to Sonoma.
Cheers!
The one album that matches my mood, whether it's sunny or gloomy?
Kind of Blue.
Use their name 3x throughout presentation
ughh I wish he didn't move!!!
That means his fan mails coming down
Post game concert schedule: Dierks Bentley, The Wallflowers and Third Eye Blind
Caramel frape and mcdonalds fries...
I'm in heaven 3
Yes.
I liked it.
I also enjoyed Year of the Flood, also by M.A.
It was published after Oryx and Crake.
CEDDY NASH LIVE  ANTIGUAS TONIGHT 10PM 723 K STREET ACROSS FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS SACRAMENTO ARTIST TRYIN TO GET ON TOUR COME OUT!
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Relationships suck.
The world's still here.
www.globalpointpr.com
Thanks!
How's ?
Bubba's shot on Sunday needs to be named the Bubbarang
RT u dj at oceans on fri?
yea...me n the big homie Dj Live
When half of your teachers think you're a senior 
that sucks...hope you feel better....being sick is lame
YD1G the songs and all the dancing
I need some rest today
yes ma'am
100 Im getting a creepy looking eye on the back of my neck looing like my skins ripped open and sewn in.
How much work do weeds take?
A garden, on the other hand, is a joyful labor of vision, cultivating, pruning, and attention!
Go grow!
DM
Just wanted to check in and see how you were?
Did your Dad get to come home?
So many prayers for a great man/hubby/father.
3U
When Is The Last Time You Rebalanced Your 401K?
Need Any Help?
we told them to keep their money: Heat are listing Eddy Curry and Ronny Turiaf as inactive today.
Meet Brooke Paul of the Founders Factory and read about this partner's view on startups with his Columbusbased company....
Meditation not only effects you, It impacts everyone around you.
and that's record turnout!!
What whut whit
It is a difficult step to take on our ego.
It is an honor of the soul to do so.
I'm like 5'5.
RT if your shorter than me.
Why cant i get my professorle picture changed??
blahh
okay buddy you should just learn to calm down, have you took anger management, just sayin.
Failed as parentmy 7yo voted McCainafter saying he was 4 Obama 'cos a kid said Obama would mean exams at school each day, oy
wake me up...
And the winner of last week's Group class contest is.....
AUSTIN TIDWELL!
Austine wins a UMPT water bottle.
Who will win this week???
Off to Charlotte airport for trip to Germany.
Hopefully last audit so I can have normal life again.
3 wks until south end w !
Teen wolf tonight!!!!!
Feeling sick ruins everything
100 Satisfied and never look backwards ...
Any1 will be Much better than u ..KeepBarking U r nth but Trash and u know it :D WGACA :D:D:D
reposting the whole album soon.
i'll let you know when i do.
So ready for summer!!
Don't miss being on TV Tomorrow on CBS Morning Show at 6:45am!
Mom like her flowers
People say young people are better with technology because they like change.
Ask one about the new Facebook to see the error of this.
that's cruel.
He should say what it's about.
Sounds like a deliberate attempt to have you guarded.
I hate corp power plays.
haa yeah I told you my jokes are getting really bad
Loved the Brewer cap at the press conference!
Awesome KO!
Bring that belt back to Wiscy!
Digging into HTML5 Boilerplate and a new design for my personal site on an overcast Sunday.
:
Agora Forte's latest album is a cover of Monuments; flawlessly done.
I also remember when you use to have to use AOL DialUp to get to the Internet, oh the 90's lol
Deadline for submissions is 1/31!
Send us your stories please!!
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone has a great week!
Randy Bass talking to us today about Threshold Concepts, Troublesome Knowledge, and the Design of Digital Humanities Projects
Think about how many guys go around proclaiming they fight UFC.
Fags
Mm nothing i don't think.
Why?
I LOVE AUSTIN SO MUCH.
End of the story.
I'm from Spain and I love it!
seriously though, those rats are ADORABLE.
Intel's I.T.
staff has 6,400 people who support 91,500 Intel employees.
It has 87 data centers and more than 138,000 devices.
All sorts of pageants this weekend!!
mister.
US, Miss Teen USA, Miss/Teen Intl...I am in HEAVEN!!!!!
Go Reign ladies!!
today I feel like eating fried BATS!!
LoL
They're filming a reality tv show in Rice village.
I just had to sign a waver.
Tv cameras now my research AND my leisure.
so glad you will be there!
She thick for a Korean ...
Tomorrow night is our info session at the Orleans St.
Library, from 6:157:45 PM!
This fall you can get involved and help a child in need!
do u like robins bluejays or chicadees more
OH: I can't wait for the Bucks to doctorft that chick from Baylor.
We need a center.
thanks Morgan 3 its just for healthier eating not to lose weight
RT We are sending out applications for exhibitors for NYFocus.
Application deadline is 6/30/11.
Email 4 info.
Thanks Justin.
Clients really like it too.
Yesterday, we did 3 video shoots in 2 different states before lunch.
Lots of fun.
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout?
You can get the same feeling just by doctornking for two days straight.
Toniggggghhhhhhhht we are young
mostly.
All my flights are on the tiny regional planes.
Makes it very little fun anymore.
: Ok Saturday I'm going to Neighbors !
I'm going too
I'm tempted to jump on a plane to make nogup4 but my wife might shoot me.
doctornk a cup for me cc:
thanks for the RT bro.
Has anyone noticed that the final kibosh hit Filenes as they filed.
What?
Before the holiday season in a healthy economy.
Icon gone!
Ok I'll stop stabbing the flesh at th base of my thumb with my fountain pen  try that
NJ Farm Bureau Week in Focus  Cape May County Herald
Much luv n gratitude!
headshots RT : Thanks so much, Liz!
just knows how to take photos.
:
yep//: OSU beat 5 top 25 teams.
Alabama beat 2 two.
End of story.
wouldn't you know it.
I'm not even in the room anymore.
aiip12 Web Search precon with Great new info  clarification of confusion
Thanks for the kind words.
Feedback always appreciated.
alright traffic be easy
Right back at you  it is thrilling to be a camper!
RT : 1,2,3,4 Here's smore campers u need to know
yum yum yum
It's kind of sad how routine blood doctorws have become in my life lately.
Have to say despite googles silicon roundabout efforts being an entrepreneur in USA is 10x easier than the UK, much more probusiness here
Done!
Peace  love to you all!
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Thomas Jefferson  Nowadays???
INDIANAPOLIS  The Indianapolis Colts have fired coach Jim Caldwell.
yup n right!!
Lol
RT : 200 jobs coming to San Antonio: A nationallyrecognized company picks San Antonio to open a new customer contac......
Look at my new YouTube account miller wash.......well thts it
we were bored and decided to act like tourists yesterday XD
checks coming soon
If it weren't for cancer, I'd say I have the perfect life.
If it weren't for cancer, would I even realize this?
thanks for the chat this morning erin!
and for being a good sport!
haha!
I just don't do college though.
I saw your post and though about it for a minute, but college.....I dunno.
Just did....ps I may need more stickers
So many effing penalties.
Let's get faded 
eww I heard that viola girl did that..
holy cow!
He just tore it up right now, he's gorgeous!
I hate Spiders!
jeeperscreepers !
suffered another knee injury 2nite.
my fun but very competitive spring tennis season is in doubt.
Oh  isnt playing Monte Carlo
Im glad that I get a pass!!!
Appreciate the folo Brad.
Good luck in November!
See misses you too
Glad you can join us.
RT I'm looking forward to the Young Pro event at tonight!
Trying to get a 6 year old backpack repaired is maddening.
1/3rd of the cost of new to repair worn straps and lining?
No thanks
Off to Miami beach bikini fashion week.
I'm emailing my business partner and he's sitting right across from me...
OK, I know I missed the cut, but I'm curious, what is a book plate?
When you take stuff from one writer it's plagiarism but when you take it from many writers, it's research.
It could not have been set up any better!
Friday rock n rollaz....Make it a Great 1 !!
Still some spots open for our tea 101 class tonight at 6 pm!
Don't miss it!
Fields you have to take that shot!
Pull up jumpshot, don't be scared man!
Get connected with us on facebook!
Search on facebook in the bar and find us!
Become a fan....
Would love to hear more about your social media class.
It's a crazy day to be a Blazers fan!
See you there Michelle!
KHLOE UR AWESOME AND I LOVE YOUH!
PLEASE NOTICE?
;
,ill send bubba to colect my stole sample mother fucker
FF MY BESTE AMAZING RELIABLE FUNNY CARING BESTMAMA STRONG BEAUTIFUL She is the absolute BEST
...No...I WILL STAND MY GROUND WITH OR WITHOUT THE LAW ON MY SIDE...
I AM NOT AFRAID...
News you can use...Daylight saving time ends Sunday at 2 a.m.
That's one extra hour at the bar for you
Friends with Alopecia...
Like this post if you have any form of Alopecia.
Where are my peeps at?
Hey Amit thanks for follow, what's happening in London?
doctorxel's Health Fair is tody from 112.
Come out and enjoy the food, entertainment and healthy advice!
Getn now!
RT : Have an IPd ?
Download the 140MTL APP!
search for 140MTL  curating the whole conference there!
From snowing and 41 to 75 and sunny in one afternoon.
Hello Newport Beach!
But I'm really still laughing about Graffiti hatin so hard on Kidz Bop...
lololol
FF !
100 followers by the end of the day  IN THE BAG.
FYI teammani is better than teamhetal...
I hope you all understand that!!!
Lol
where y'all at
Yes this place is actually giving brake tags on Saturday.
My odyssey is over.
I love using shoeboxed and evernote to captainre everything that I can later search.
I'm not obsessed with categorizing anymore.
BOTTLES  CANS!
I will relay your message :
Congratulations to Joe Alberts for receiving the ASCE Michigan Section Frank Meyers Outstanding Civil Engineer of the Year award for 2011!
What if?
Who's your favorite band of the the70's?
tell me now
On the way to JFK with 1000lbs of Sumo!
ur welcome.
I'm glad that I'm great help.
I have to sign opn u steam later cuz I'm not on pc to sign up for it.
I'm onmy phone
Covering AUDJPY short for now.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE U HAVE THE MOST AMAZING DAY AND THAT ALL YOUR BIRTHDAY WISHES COME TRUE!!!!
YOUR THE BEST BELLA:::::
I didn't get tickets to Ultra.
Where else are you playing?
11.5  11.9.1941: 5000 Gypsies are deported to the Lodz ghetto; they are gassed to death at Chelmno two months later.
Thank you, sir!
Glad to release that thing into the wild.
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
14
will look into it thanks :
but you sound so much taller on the phone lol
Watching 2 games from my couch in Jerusalem!
Hapoel Jerusalem with DJ Strawberry and NY Yankees with visitor Darryl Strawberry
It's EVERYONE...:
Lots of disturbing news created down here daily.
Dekalb to Atl is like Brooklyn to Manhattan in proximity.
Diff jurisdictions.
I want to come home with me.
I have whipped cream and feathers.
Oh yeah.
Don't eat that!
send a push notification when you're near an eatery w/ bad health inspection.
your welcome!
I added a flash widget to my blog, my space and face book, says you need flash 9 I downloaded flash 10 hope I figure it out
New client special!
25 haircuts!
You must call today and book by the end of the month: 206.264.7901
cute cute but and butt!
Cute n but n butt!!!
Lmao!!!
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow
I saw Mildoctord Pierce at the best movie theatre in LA in a packed house of almost all gay men.
It was one of my great experiences.
:D
Should I pull the trigger, idk....
An hour ago..The Boys  I..We were doctorwn rats!
Love a good summer storm..they come on lke gang busters  lve just as quickly as they arrived
Any working bakers/pastry chefs out there who can give an honest opinion about Stratford U or Art Institutes?
Text me
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Today I am 6,851 days old.
I know because the computer machine told me so.
time to get back on the grind...good luck and ball out homie
If you wanna hear what he sounds like, I posted a video on my fb.
that's good
Tea is a good idea right about nowboth the doctornking and the activity of making it.
Hey what's up?
what up Jen!!
Haha.
You tweetin now!?
Going to the gym then I'm cooking me a fat ass steak when I get back
I'm following you, but you're not following me,.
Why is that?
Talk about left out..
and its always like this.
I guess im used to being ignored.
Idek why I care.
That's cool, turn everyone against me now.
Seriously, fuck off.
I need to leave here for the night.
I have no patience.
Nyjer don't give no fuk.
S/O to MeanMugMusic!
Am I wrong?
Learned a little more CSS today.
When do I get to start calling myself a coder and not a hack?
wishing the rain would go away so i can go for a ride again.
went yesterday...awh the open road!!
Don't phase me
When i get really really old, im going to try my hardest to go to outer space, i really want to do it.
We love you!!
RT :  AMidskySurrender i love this kind of music so much
Thanks girl!
Intro and meet  greet with Ed writer and actor Dan Davies before each show:
your a sweet guy.
Learning life lessons
I'll take Zusi.
Cheaper with just as many clutch assists..see yesterday.
Every great work, every great accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the
IF THERE'S A REASON THAT YOU'RE LEAVING ME TONIGHT, TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE THINKING, TELL ME A LIE!!
bluelikejazz Met Donald Miller for a minute and had to tell him his story had effected me.
Suffering fR a SeverE MigrainE as of RighT NoW.
The pain in my left eye is excruciating.
Every month I get 1 or more migraines :
If you know that I've had a bad day, why would your purposely make it worse?
Do you not value your life?
You wouldn't like this con.
They are  everywhere ...
tons of bears for you though.
;
What is your favorite breakfast?
I think that's the first time I've heard that
With Suzanna!
Picture day:
Shawty wanna hang well I'm a coat hook.
Dorrell's relationship with Petrino gave her unfair advantage in hiring process.
She was 1 of 159 applicants for the job.
Men think about sex every seven seconds.
The rest of the time is spent trying to come with a lie when a woman asks What are you thinking?
probably.
dont question the day's authoritay!
Hello Amy great to meet you here on Twitter.
i want some jim nachos with rice.
;
When is Anna going to stop calling him mister Bates?
You got eetthat's the only endorsement I need!
really, seriously stoked to see what you can do with Venus Patrol.
and u can't spell
omg the dubstepy part of the iconic doctoram dance omfg cenzo i miss you :'
I want one too!
:P There's my accidental RT for the day!
please listen to your editor  dont belittle them if they are trying to help...
remember everyone just wants the best possible outcome
OMG!
just finished 50 Shades Book 3 and all I have to say is WOW!
Better then the 1st two.........
Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.
Have to admit, Downton gives me my telenovela fix while making me feel simultaneously classy.
It's the best of high and low.
Cycle Pros called and said my Yamaha Road Star is reeaaadddy for pickup!!
UNLV fashion history students learning about clothes, time  Las Vegas Review  Journal
Always desire to learn something useful.
Sophocles.
Nia U got a twitter!!
playlist on repeat..
hopefully I doctorft off 2 sleep !
Nite.
Such an incredible idea and execution.
7 hours and counting on the House floor debate on the Vikings Stadium.
That's alot of hot air
yep.
I am more concerned about a 2nd line C, and if we resign Green.
That and who the hell is the coach :
VanGundy asked about his defense holding Pacers' to 35 shooting..he cuts question off with OR they held themselves.
lmfao sit on what?
not for tracking users  also have to remove spam/local project hits
Only thing worse than Mike D'antoni coaching your team is Mike Woodson.
Knicks are in trouble.
Prince a Tiger?
I guess I'm okay with that.
that's what pisses me off!
Games like that we have to win!
Both the Knicks and Rangers!
RT So much fun last night.
I'm bringing with me a black eye..
I WAS DYING.
Whats in it 4 ma team chelsea...
Being Human finale on syfy tonight.
Someone will not survive.
let me know if you need a mix for any of the the Taxi album project.
; Swag; I love your defualt on facebook;
They Can't Fuck With Me On BlackOps And You Can't Either And Thats
just saying.
RT GAY GUYS IN NEW YORK: I WANNA TALK 2 U ABOUT SEX.
Email me at
11 Wood Memorial winners have won the Kentucky Derby
9 DAYS till the Moving On CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY!!!!
RT A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
William S.
Burroughs
For heaven's sake, where are my smart sensors?
Never..
haha why?
Steve Marcia is great he sold me on the giga delay
are you sure you have a troll face?!?!!??
Lol don't think so :P
About to get my ls back then its time to get me and my baby a car
Gov Malloy at CT CC econ summit: need to realign production of college production w/ jobs.
Students go out of state otherwiseno good.
Don't tell anyone, but we're redesigning our website this month.
Shhh, it's a secret.
Another Coyotes PP late in second.
Will start third with 1:36 remaining.
10
yes we sure do!
Ill be in SF til the redeye to Chicago on Sunday.
FindUW is happening now!
Swag is available.
Young Bucks d.
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant by count out.
The titles can only change hands on a pinfall or submission.
is anyone following thatcamp who couldn't be here because they weren't presenting a paper and couldn't get travel funding?
great hotel, great location.
Me and GSRadioOGSteez met Liverpool FC in the lobby the day they beat Chelsea in LondonOct2008
No work for two days.
Alright.
Guess ill be kickin back.
if not fuck it we can feed it to homeless
I loved the retouched/edited images you guys have been sending me.
Wanted to say thank you.
PM  K3 said we learned how to make our answer to addition and subtraction of fractions into an equivalent fraction.
Example 8/16  1/2
Maybe its time to see what this character is all about...
I got you bro ight then well have fun going out to eat tell your mom I said happy mothers day
Watching Super Xclusivo with the family.
Gotta love this show :
haha that was smooth as ever, you got those lyrical quotes in texts on lockdown
loll don't worry you'll get your chance you hav to be patient I had to wait almost 8 monthss
I spilled a lot of goldfish tonight..:
So terrified of Tumblr
He totally does!
And a Vegas singer too.
nothanks RT This kid reminds me of david archuletta,
Conservation and digitization projects for archival materials not just about preservation but also ezpanded access.
Miller
getting stuff ready for a meeting :
that's awesome !
Off today to go watch HomeOpener Follow for all your news of the day.
I give good love ill buy your clothes ill cook your dinner to soon as i get home from work.......I give good
Not yet but will check into it!
Thank you :
Nayati back home safe and sound
where does all the time go?
sushi is so not gross
The only way to fix higher education is for employers to stop giving a shit about the piece of paper.
Hire skills, not degrees.
Wow watching SouthBeachTow this show always is great
Just finished hungergames.
3/4stars!
See it in the theater.
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 9:47am in Atlanta, GA it is 66 degrees.
High: 77 Low: 61 Welcome to summer!
: Me, too.
Didn't have any bags, so either she's traveling light or she checked her luggage when she got her boarding pass...
Hello!
Arts community in AZ is IMPRESSIVE.
Kinda lame.
W magazine touting it's front row app for fashion week but it's not available yet.
Coming soon.
So is the recession
because theres something wrong with you
I 3 that we here are doing a digital summit for the whole division.
Great, great things happening at BH.
sure  email or DM me!
A dead heat?
MT 2012 election pits party with best record on torture against party with best record on assassination.
Life is rather like a tin of sardines  we're all of us looking for the key
Dont Talk....THINK!!!!
Rick Walking Dead
u r KILLING it!
we need to cast this shizz!
tiffani thiessen?
ItHurtsWhen you read my Tweets...
I've been known to make people LaughSoHard their
Still no Gardner for the Yankees
Thank you to Zona salon in Hingham for hosting a party for Boston: Inspirational Women last night.
w/ and
let me know when you get here text me with your friends phone or something.
a friend in grad school suggested that ur mothers disapproval meant that you were heading in the right direction, it was art school, though
Believe me, we quench our thirst quiet well at softball
I have decided to doctornk more green tea
Heading to Brookville in a bit for the TAI MeetUp.
Will stop at Oldenberg to photograph some iron cross markers at the cemetery downtown.
Guy on the train: Cubs suck.
I'm already giving up on them.
Ah I love Chicago.
So I dont think it ever got linked to either of those accounts.
I know you say that isnt possible, but I dnt get wht else it could be
chris brown  dont wake me up
For light bulbs broken in the socket, push a potato onto the broken glass to unscrew it.
Who actually sits here and reads other people's tweets?
Most of it is crap!
Twitter is becoming the craigslist of Social Media.
maybe you should buy a purse.
It works for me.
Worst part about mw2012: leaving.
Good Job and ofc
Oh,  I already covered it.
Literally.
Guest vocals by Ricky B.
Can anyone smell the syrup form house?
Wanna go get some pancakes with Eric?
You should give serious thought to moving to Phoenix.
Olivia could lay out almost all year round!
Just wondering if his friends call him Nomsky.
I would:
Those pink bats are no joke.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard
Hallelujah I'm outta there.
Time for tunes and brews!
another thing is that I havent Iphone
ur so very welcome
May I join you for the RA.
ONE screening?
Ive never seen my dad cry.
is Google asking u all what they should do next?
:0
I am very frustrated with social media hacking.
The security systems for these sites is going to have to get harder to get into...
Now he's playing Norwegian Wood.
What a great chord progression, that minor turn on the verses...
late start hoorayy
Goodnight everyone.
pleasant doctorams.
:
I love you more than I can say
that pretty
Be sure to 'like' our sister restaurant
Shoutout for keeping us frugal gamers on point!
Nothing beats getting Black Friday deals from the couch
Reed Johnson.
Redskins fan actually.
We had him out to the Park a couple times to visit.
follow me so i can write back
that was by far the most inspirational episode ever!
Bopper and Mark are my favorite 3
: got my earrings from today think umma wear a pair tomorrow and my pin too...: already?
I just sent them!
Sleeves pushed up and all.
You do know that HappyBirthdayNicolette is already trended so you don't have to
you take to long in the shower j/s :
Mobap vs.
Wash U is underway
when his team stunk for most of the year
Join Majic and our Afternoon doctorve Host John Monds  Cricket Wireless tomorrow from 12p2p!
Plenty of prizes will be on hand!
Fa la laRT Holiday
the most beautiful things is to make a girl smile every time and every where you go with her : giggles
Another thing I love about being in houston  watching my Rockets!!!!!
Go Rockets!!!
You cant blame the world for your lack of success, your future is up to you
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked When did you decide to turn lesbian?
Our manager was in a Seinfeld.
What'd yours ever do?
Spending my stpattysday indoors with 3 scripts and a highlighter!
Definitely treating myself to a large glass of green beer tonight :
Only a few more hours until my birthday
Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you.
We'll be at Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield 220 Virginia Avenue, Indianapolis from 111, or until we run out of food!
Holy shit, summer vacation starts in less than two weeks.
It just hit me.
Free painting with each purchase at my etsy store www.abstractartnow.etsy.com
Who want a innerstate Ike verse?
I got u for the LOW..
What up?
EyeO, and you might count SIGGRAPH too.
looking forward to a pint of manny's in seattle tomorrow night
one is my friend but he like, likes me????
and the other is like mental or something
I'm disappointed in society.
Arresting DeShawn is crazy he wasn't harming anyone he just helped bring this city a Championship!!
Call a cab!
I'm not about to fight you Trina, get out your act .
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 48
yeah yeah wise guy...I need some twitter lessons!
haha.
females are crazy.
I got 99problems but a...
aww thank you: you're gorgeous!
Enough facebook.
Time to hibernate back to twitter and tumblr.
:
Yikes!
RT : Another tree has fallen on a vehicle in Stockton on the 1100 block of W.
Poplar Street.
Thank you
Thx!
Was a great night.
Just finished watching footage from today's shoot.
Looks amazing.
um yea I got a few ideas, let's chat!!!
Spent the day with Mom eating Subway and watching Paranormal Activity 2 : Who knows how many more days I can have like this...?

the first pageant workshop with Ms Ethnic World International.
She is coaching on How to be your best during the pageant competition
You right!RT : If you want change in your life you must explore the opportunities that cross your path.
Everything...
That feeling when you truly care about a person and they don't talk to you.
UGH.
I can't deal.
hiccups, for the passed 2hours ..
still going.
so true I love to see that also
We owe everything to S!
Thanks a lot S, ur the best...
At last, everything is as it should've always been!
yep yep im bring the cutie a lil teddy bear
All over Belmont and San Carlos today looking for warehouse space, no shortage of great spots
following back :
first UK game since college  taking my son to his 1st game at Rupp Saturday.
mention this on air  I'll smooth my back out
I brought the whole candy trolly on the HogwartsExpress today.
Sorry students.

kind of scary when you're close to empty  happened to me before  what's up with, call the doctor???
:
love your talk right now!
Thank you for having it!
This lady is speaking but I don't think she is telling the truth...
Last year was so much better
oh I'm sorry/: then you're excused.
Preston isn't
slam it down like a domino!
My baby girl is graduating from college on the 12th!
Son is now working at the college where he did his undergrad.
That's almost as bad as the Royal Quiz!
We need to practice these!
Hey Gracie, i miss talking to you!!
i miss getting tweeted by you!!
i hope you still remember me : !!
iloveyou3
: Wow 8 of them have passed already Lew Bush was the 7th, Junior makes 8..
So sad..
Doc Rorman sent me back to week 5 trays :
I'M A HIPSTER NINJA.
Delt A squad victory tonight.
Just the first of many.
Reports coming in today from Cry Out America 91111.
2500 prayer points, 900 countywides, 1350 different counties covered!
Thanks!!!
What2ChainzWouldSay Call ya chick like HELLO, Ass shakin like JELLO, Gettin Bent like an ELBOW.
niggas tickle me, ELMO!!
Are you going to the coffee thing!?
Please its soo boring
you home?
Great pic!
Thanks for sharing.
Wishing you a smooth flight.
Going to Maine to do my brain some good.
Wow, it's almost Christmas!!!!
Super helpful!
Thanks for the info!
:
thanks Boog!
Yeah, it was hard reading all these updates about Arlington as I was marooned in Dallas.
Good Morning Niall :D
I've held events at Sundance, Harley davidson, and Olbrich.
All great venues.
congrats!
Hello !!?!!
Where the hell is my shipment?!
Thanks for the FF!
: Happy Friday!
Saw TheHungerGames today, amazing!
Except for the end, wtf was that???
ok for sure!
and refer us to some people that put them on too
Not really sure I wanted to see that.
Last night was epic!!!
First time I celebrated cinco de mayo!
:
At Summit on advocacy for Haiti with Minister Supplice speaking
Follow me?:
Will be watching your Discovery Science show tonight
Hooray for Hitachino Nest Lacto Stout back in the house  a perfect pairng with our signature Rack of Lamb!!
Wow okay , deush bag :/
That's the same way with me, except its my mom, not my dad, haha, but you gotta love them :
Watching behind the Music with !
This place remind me off a club that I went to n Miami
Good morning.....feels like a good day for a new phone like the Aviator!
3wordsforyou pack a bowl
hey wroth!
Long time no talk.
Sub 2 classes in a row 
thanks glad u ladies r part of my new amazing network
while sweeping out my car earlier, my neighbor came up behind me and told me he liked the color of my sports bra
New entertainment system on is the most annoying one I've ever had the displeasure to use.
Costs 9 to watch TV and no VOD
lol exactly xDD well i'm sleepy so goodnight :D
an answered prayer
Dear this is a warning to u!
If u don't workout with me soon I may have to chop u up n eat u for a midnight snack!
Working harder then the day before
Stay the course.
Keep the faith.
It will be worth it in the end!
God Bless!
Thanks for the follow.
this no haircut/no shaving till prom thing is killing me
Chipper jones to retire at the end of the year
Just now getting around to watching Will Ferrell on SNL....
Anyone see it?
How was it?
Facebook needs to invent a No one freaking cares button.
I'd press that thing all day long.
I need to delete my facebook!
Ah!
be prepared for a life change if it really resonated with you!
Let me know how you're making out.
Good to hear from you!
doctornk lots of water everybody!!
I'm normal haha.
You?
you're just tall.
I was measured at 5'9 1/2
The longer you treat me this way, the greater the distance you'll create between us.
Thank you so much...
I just joined the ranks of the RootCanalSurviors!
I'm still numb though.
Xrays coming soon...
Cool.
Wins are cool.
Happy st Patty's day!
On this day 4 years ago I moved to Nashville,TN
Did Arianna Huffington Steal The Idea For The Huffington Post?
via
Cocaine is gods way of saying you make too much money
RT : The Great Cookie Debacle of 2011 has been solved.
And the story shall be passed on for many generations at The End.
We seem to be evolving to becoming an aggregate for your opinions, stories, fantasies.
We like that.
Send your stuff, we'll spread the love!
U think they might have used the Buddy Pass to go to Germany to see ED ROBINSON perform LOL
I'm really enjoying this Marketing Management class.
Yea.
I have an aud this sat for a theatre show.
Its almost that time
they said Friday how important you were.
Woulda won eight games without you they said.
let me know if it works!
Night no.1 in WPB a blast however, is sure to deliver beyond tomorrow night!
lmfao I think I was very patient bcuz I am a very impatient person and working on making my patience for things alot better
That means a lot, Heidi...thank you.
RT: : So sorry to hear about Craig Billy!
You two were one hell of a team!
exactly, I'm down to make an insane road trip?
Hey everybody go follow and then mention the both of us for a follow back !!!!!
exhausted peace out I am going to bed Good night
Yo it's all good bro.
Fam is good.
Life is good.
Music is good.
Doing more writing than performing.
Fam first right!?
Hows urs?
ff Beautiful, heading toward the exterior hammam...
Clifton Paul Fadiman I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.
OKAY!!
The Logo was doctorwn and now its designed!
FINISHED!
I will be in the sunlight half naked today!!
3
At a bar talking to some other NYC peeps abt politics, interracial, and same sex relations ...the locals hate me.
Shawty don't have friends cuz every friendship she get she talk about them to somebody else  that's not the move
did u like it?
Still need to pick mine up.
Kenny Dalglish sacked?
Hey fellow tweeters!
Only 1 week left 4 a chance 2 enter into our FREE STUDIO TIME GIVEAWAY sweepstakes!
Visit www.r2kstudio.com for dets!
Wii is the best system out!!!
You learn something new everyday.
I now know what a trocar is and that I did not want to grope for one in the dark.
Nor do I suggest you do.
Saw all of my friends from the summer, managed to make some new friends and now cooking pizza with my old roomie!
Best.
Vaca.
Ever!
O, thank you God, for the taste of a Cigar again!!!!!!!
Gonna skype with my aussie best friend :
Great job boys!!!!
it was always cool
will get me to Vegas for 's birthdayextravaganza with
Lonely rainy night in New Orleans.
:
trade delmon SO curious to see what the Twins will do by 3pm cst...trade deadline..
Yes!
Ali G is on!
One of my favs!
Best to snuggle on sofa and watch whilst you're ill :D
Last few hours for Free 13 mystery Kindle downloads by 13 authors for Friday the 13th:
wordsineverwanttohear you have cancer.But I heard it
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.25
oh crap I picked the same day haha!
Not holding back for no one anymore
awesome!
Can't wait to see you pics, make sure to get us the link so we can share!!
Thank you.
The Kenyan Komet
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
I kinda wish I was going to prom now....
thanks for spreading the word!
Hey check out She just moved to Paris for a year, too!
designerfriends
which DH blogs do you follow most avidly?
the foo fighters rock!!
Best of luck to We're all in your corner.
Bubba has two shots to play with.
He can't possibly screw this up, right?
RIGHT?
are you 18?
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
Tony Robbins
congrats on your state championship though :
Fact: as you age, your eye color gets lighter.
Hey CUZIN is okay if I go Next Monday to the meeting cuz Juan has The Car and no Sign from him
Today is a horrible day to be a Harbaugh.
I've created a RoadTested Activity!
is so freakin cute
Eddie needs to do 1 more Beverly Hills Cop  it should include 
full disclosure folks, i follow and/or say hello no matter what your political preference, im a people person and just like people
hey!
Did you email it?
Don't think I got one
sorry it's all Heisenbergy, but I betcha it's not Bohring.
it's gonna come back in and sting you in the ass!!!
Hahaha
I've been listening to an advance of the new album for the past week.
A definite contender for local album of the year.
Home from happy hour and watching Pretty in Pink!
Now I just wish I had some chocolates...
Why can't i fuggin sleep

I want to see it again.
The 2nd time I won't see it in 3D  won't bring a 3 year old.
Venue change!
The Great Unknown will now perform at the Franklin Institute Auditorium at 4 pm.
Free!
May your paycheck represent the quantity of people that you have helped and the number of people that you have served.
I hate when the perfect comment comes to you a day after
Doc, you know I love you but you need to stop mispronouncing Volchenkov.
Thank you so much!!!
:D I really appreciate it :
Got my new car today.
Isn't God good???
Yup!
It's awesome.
How are things in Houston?
Weather is so nice today feels like summer so excitedd!
very true lolol
Just got a kindlefire!
I love it so much!
Its not an ipad but it does the trick!!
:
monday might be best for me cause I gotta go to Lansing Sunday
La la la no lo vi y estoy tan bien :D
This Movie The End Of The World Sounds Pretty Interesting
I now have air conditioning in my car!!!
It's a lie when you say that no one can steal your man.
The truth is only guys who want to be stolen are really taken away.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly clear in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 58 to 63.
Light winds.
it really is.
Great job Philly
I was up with contractions all night
dude can I park my car at your place when I'm in India for a month?
Community meal tonight.
Lee Alter's Art of Being with the Red Rattles this Friday.
Jake said he might make another twitter
Happy Birthday !!!!
hope you have a great day!
You already know 
im not hiking hav seen my chubby it din com from bein activ
No doubt...I think the decision was already made, the Berkman deal was never a 'backup plan'...IMO
I love Doing phone sex!
Call me!
any chance cactus still has the devo record?
Shucks  we'll miss being a true part of the cult.
I have to leave at the end of the sessions today.
Catch you next time!
Sorry, we're not able to have Student Rush available for every show...hope we see you at something else!
On this day in 1862, after ranking CSA Gens Floyd  Pillow ran off, Simon Buckner surrendered Ft.
Donelson to his old college buddy US Grant
Getting tired of all these racist ass jokes mf's boudha start gettin popped in they mit
Happy birthday to my little sister Lily.
I love you
Thanks !
Wish you all could make it out for the party!
At the end of the day today, La Laterna closes it's doors forever.
They are sweet people who make delicious food.
Have you purchased your Beauty Pass yet?
Young Texans Against Cancer is an amazing Charity that the proceeds of the pass' are going too!
Would love to meet and have a conversation with man is full of wisdom
reaction of looking shocked the the zags missed wide open 3's to lose the game.
Bigger disappointments ahead for OSU.
We will see..
AMAZING panel work by in Avengers 161.
LOVE the camera angle and detail in that final panel with the rubble.
Night twitter!:
LIFESIZE MIRROR  climbed from 4426 on JAZZ BILLBOARD CHARTS THIS WK!
Excellent news , , and !
See you all in Houston!
A productive hour of code spelunking with yields a deeper understanding of ActiveRecord.
Good times
Out at the park with my mom and just tried some beef ribs and OMG they are the best
Laying in bed with and
Bloods, crypts.
Red vs blue.
Whatever.
im an ET
PUNK'D PranksterOnTheLoose Lovin it.
So funny!
Just heard fabulous talk by on the Digital Asset Grid innotribe swift at telco2 New Digital Economics conference.
Hi!
Keep forgetting about Twitter what with the coming up.
RT waves
Maybe tomorrow will be better.
Hope so!
But now stop tweeting and keep learning!
:/
the commercial with the truck going down the mountain is misleading and some ignorant person would really try it!
Marketing uh, ?
is this Saturday!
We will have a booth, so come say hi, listen to bands and eat good food!
How is the doctornking coming then?
I love it how that said that I'm the only person that he would let piss on him!xD
RT : Talked w/2 legends tonight: John Glenn  OSU prez Gee.
Uber impressive.
Congrats to Kiplinger Fellows being honored.
Cynthia Selfe says something helpful: so, votes or solutions as Heideggerian technologies that are like fixes?
Did you know that my favorite food in the whole entire world is SHRIMP?
me too.
I wanted her with Kevin for awhile.
It just made sense
did u win misterwarrior??
Are you a ledgend in your own mind?
Success starts there, I am, I even have my own theme song!!!!!
Mayweather vs Cotto closed circuit telecast from Mandalay event center.
After Moorea this Saturday that's gotta be your night plans!
Perfect
Neighbor's house for sale, so they're in the back yard!
i am so ready to find my big girl job lol
Hey were you surprised to see your dick when you lost all the weight?
thank you Newaukee, the mixer was a lot of fun.
We hope you visit us again.
Your event was fantastic!
boo bear
Me:I got bigger fish to fry.
: apparently they all got up and walked away according to Darwin.
I have tivo and I forget to fast forward commercials
Final pack for my final move during my final summer vacation for my final year in school.
Finally!
Raul Ibanez makes it 50 Yankees.
Four of his last six hits have been homeruns.
But I still got above the average score, I'm happy!
I THINK I might of set a goal size for myself, finally.
Which is either 3/4ths or 7/8ths.
Don't worry.
Chicken broth is America's miso soup.
: Happy Birthday!
thank you hon
Don't disagree.
Problem is, the first, most important piece is the toughest to find.
Perhaps a 3win season away..
no prob d.m me tho
u are more than welcome.
Thank you for this great music!
I'd didn't meant it but he took it that way and I texted him to tell me what he is feeling and he's said I'm done.
Who ain't tryna bag nothing while the fire alarm on lol
Finished w/ my sister's dance recital.
She did great!
The only one that acctually danced!
She was the best out there!
Can you meet me by the lake?
Was going to dive into some Edy's ice cream last night until I saw pushing an SUV on ESPN2.
Hard to pick one favorite Henrymiller as far as I am concerned is one of the best and most unique authors
But you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
Email us:
Man i swear the ogts is thee dumbest thing .
and a double!!!
Nothing like a freezing morning run to get you going!
Have a fantastic Saturday All!
Can you please hook me up with a chance to see Good Deeds before it officially comes out.
This looks like a good VDay movie.
This man said thank God for the violence of prayer.
Huh??
at ssc tryna register for a class
you are straight blowing Twitter UP with your crazy hotel management tweets!
Whatwhaaaaat!
TIME TO SEE WHO CLOSES
I'm not trying to manipulate weak men, I'm trying to serve them chicken wings and beer.
They just shake while I do it.
haha what the f...
U talking about freak!
SDSU!!
Finish it this time!!
Loved the story on Jack Hannahan.
Great stuff!
Just had to share :
thanks for sunset photo retweet!
thx dude.
gonna be a busy day
what comes easy wont always last.and what will last wont always come easy!
Epic weekend on Waikiki beach.
On Saturday I saw a Monk seal  on Waikiki Beach, whale 2 miles off shore, a water spout, and an epic sunset
confession I've made bad choices.
Love your enemies  despised ur friends cuz your enemies always remain the same but your friends always change like the leafs on trees.
So what the fuck is up?
;
Ok the opera singing guy on made me tear up
Yes, everything is going ok.
We are just having a difficult time managing her pain.
/ Thanks for thinking about her!
D
Why is she even on the Supreme Court.
How can We The People have her romoved?
The schadenfreude, it is powerful.
3 I think.
My bad.
Didn't mean to send that from here.
Mightve been a good for anybody that's location watching tho!
Lol
Forgoing afternoon hoop doctorams for sushi...
getting ready for takeoff.
RT : Food Fact: Pineapple is neither an apple nor a pine.
It is a kind of berry.
A really, really big berry.
It was nice to meet you in person.
Hope to have a chance to chat longer sometime.
what about the other way around?
What about inviting north Americans to play in Jr development leagues in Europe?
Your welcome!
I don't like to criticize other people's parents...But your mom should have swallowed!!!
Who wants to go ride the trails at kettle moraine?
Since is being a bum and is still probably sleeping.
Every episode of HollywoodBabbleOn, the more I fall in love with
We're excited too!
RT : YEAH !
Happy 2CU announce has chosen you as regular guest blogger!
erm...let me get out of your way puts plate in sink, goes out back door
why thank you...
Poor simba..
Hahaha...
yeh...noise and crowded places...
ass so fat i need a lap dance ah!
their FIRED!!!
Will Brad Pitt walk out tonight at the Academy Awards with the Oscar for Moneyball?
He wins either way as he goes home with Angelina Jolie!
Ask Style: How to Make Wellness Your Focus in 2012?
One of my goals for 2012 is to improve my overall wellness.
Do you have any easy tips
OMG!
I felt that moment too, Delhi to Kerala  one way and all of the family had their return tkts!
Hugs for the big day!!!
at the design research conference in 2010 they brought in a FBI hostage negotiator to give a talk.
Total 1
6 costumer service reps  2 hours of being on the phone, the situation was finally resolved.
That is still a fail for
God, family, hustle is my motto
Its hard to pick a good one out of the masses on bbworld, think I finally found one thats pretty good though
You're a dudebender.
Ok!
Shout out to all our FloridaGator Alumni!
Tim Tebow is now a JET.
GatorNation BouncewithUs!
Small of your back.
im loving this shit !
I don't know what that place is, but I love what it COULD be!!!!
Big updates coming later about our BIG launch party week!
We're abuzz with good news!
Well, you said you were a hoppy craft beer fan, and I thought I might learn something!
Geek on!
Are you influential in wrinkles???
:
If you have pictures from any of the sets I have sent you on, please email them to .
It would be greatly appreciated!
Yup.
At Alamo Square, at least.
RT : Is that a vuvuzela?
Happy fishing Birthday we gonna make a song soon.
if you don't I hope it's nice out today!
I am following and have been.....
It was once against the law to have a pet dog in a city in Iceland.
Im Goin Hard This Summer...
Nothin But Grind, Music  Fun...
Cedar Point, A Trip To Atlanta For My Nigga Bachelors Weekend
I swear, I embarrass myself WAY to much, especially around guys
You're still from the south.
You have a sad life If all you do is hate on someone you don't even know.
Now that I am officially done with highschool my bum ass needs to find a good job.
Donate by TEXT.
Text AUTISM to 85944 to donate 10 to improve a child's quality of life with autism.
Reply yes to confirm gift.
Don't worry if you're not where you want to be.
Like all of us you're not a quick fix project.
Your path is a letting go and allowing.
we love  one of our partner restaurants!
check out the review of our exclusive 10 course menu by the very hungry...
omg cats go rawr then?
x
AC needs and to kick things off in 2012!!
Were you honest when you said, i could never leave your bead.
Wake me up  let me know, your alive.
Looking forward to spending Mother's Day in Williamsburg.
Love these weekends away with my son.
...
It may be complicated.
:D 3 I screamed when i saw the commercial for the first time :P
happy birthday!
:
We fall down, but we get up ; x
Just shows that AI is a rigged show once again.
Jessica is built up in favor to win while Hollie who is brillant gets harsh remarks.
Listening to nsync 
In related news, the minivan we were going to borrow bit the dust.
Anyone up for lending 6 Wichitweeps your minivan 1/16 to 1/21?
JUST CHILLEN BOUT 2 GET READY 4 WORK WHAT U UP 2
Insight Online  support incidents links self service video for replacing components for things that are field replaceable
NP Dope Got Me Rich  French Montana

Thanks for the follow friends!
Have a great weekend.
Thanks Clive for the shout out bro!
m/m/
Eyes are crossing from tiredness, but laundoctor, dishes, housecleaning and prep for houseguest 4 million await.
Oh yeah...
and QT w my son!
We'll discuss how libraries innovate to support new publishing models, good examples to share?
PS.
Hush seconded.
Big UPS to Celtics tonite...
Hopefully Philly gets they shit together and makes this series competitive, Heat fans need it!
Tomorrow night is another MARN Kino  showcasing short films by locals for only 3 at 7PM
luckily this was in test with a copy of prod data that you were modeling prod users right?
Back home, trying to get some work done on doctorpal before bed.
Yaay 206 followers !
Thank you guys,I love you  it doesn't matter if you're a belieber,mahomie,selenator,lovatic..
I love all of you.
Christmas needs to fucking hurry up.
I need my Christmas music.
And UnderTheMistletoe 3
listening in from San Francisco
we get some rich people in the knobs!
the island makes it!!
first lilly's jam of 2012 tonight!
nope not this year.
This is the year I finally catch him.
Alright I gotta be more careful.....
I love danielle we went to middle school togetehr and she loved the color purple and blue sometimes she spells
Good luck spelling tonight at Spellapalooza, and !
Don't forget the stall tactic: can I hear it in a sentence?
Does 17yearold Miley's outfit show enough skin?
haha!
i mean if i was on z Hill it would be a differnt story!
FACT Here's what you need to know about MEN and SEX: mylikes
that's like dmv to the power of awful
Woke up late and having a breakfast blend in my living room where its 100 degrees
much thanks!
Come over and join when you graduate!
oh okay.
Yea that's easier.
shitttt..
u need that coat today!!
I'm basically 1/2 Irish and 1/2 Italian.
Both cultures have proverbs about cats.
Beware people who dislike cats  Irish Proverb
Okay, now hotsub is reading catching fire.
ok depressed face
I'm blush with excitement to hear I have a fan!
I thoroughly enjoyed THE MARRIAGE PLOT, although I liked MIDDLESEX better.
Happy Happy Friday!!!!
You are now closer to the weekend!
15 miles biking on the Neuse River Trail!
I just finished a 15.5 mi run with Nike GPS.
By old I mean 31 and over
PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped demonstrates how desperate we are to find reasons why bad things couldn't happen to us.
Tomorrow night who wants to party?
don't even say I never liked you.
I love you.
Still do love you.
I'm just fucking pissed off!
Because everything you ever said
Watching VelvetGoldmine for the first time in probably more than 10 years....
that's good 3
Suzie gets on my damn nerves
When are people going to start realizing it's not about them, but about him?
RT The 22nd Annual Chosen Few HOUSE MUSIC Picnic  JULY 7th in CHICAGO ft.
how did u know im listening to doctorke
Thank you for the follow!
Hope my info I share may be of benefit in many ways.
haha I can only imagine.
How crazy is it that I could walk from home to either of the top 2 NCAA Lacrosse Teams in the country?!
Let's go Hopkins!
May is big in MD
Scentsifying Milwaukee this evening.
Looking forward to wine, appies and a smellathon with Schock.
hell naw you know we got y'all this time its payback in the bay
Roll Tide man.
Tell DeAndoctorw I said get well soon and yall Do work!
omg I'm not the only one up yay!
Haha yeah me either!
Suggs vows he will play this season, but he's never sustained a major injury before.
Most athletes overestimate their healing abilities.
kinda like using a bandaid for a gunshot wound?
Lakm  Shakespeare  wine  classy Friday night.
I know.
The hypocrisy of the overseer makes it that much easier for me to laugh at him.
so bord i hate skool bethany miller gets to come over marrow
NEVER EVER EVER333333333,I look up to you a lot.333
ty Love it!!!
Kerry Wood coming in...
This should be fun
Nothing worse than showing up late to a fire, just in time to help clean up.
Chillin...
Just seeing what's good with you
Sometimes i fuckin hate the world...like God Damn :/
.
: Expand notion of museum beyond objects/building.
Some communities are preserving their history online.
What kind?
: I have the biggest and juiciest apple with my lunch.
I could live off of this thing for days!
Been off the twitterdar trying to get launched but I'm back.
Sorta.
I admit to being a FB junkie.
Also Happy Valentine's Day everyone, especially Hope its a good one, despite the Halmark Day and Singles Awareness Day...
you know we always out but somehow they will never see us..
RT  If you live in Jacksonville and you're not at the Jaguars game tonight, your a loser...
That is all.
Tweaking the new site for the next few days...please keep your feedback coming!
AH omg thank u so so much I LUV U so MUCH!!!
3
Here's to the kids who memorize lyrics faster than vocabulary words.
what about a report on the mormon religion and the difference between christianity
Glad you enjoyed it.
Stop in next time you play MKE.
Your show is brilliant.
Loved the naked ads too!
My Christmas list?
A mother fucking PILLOW PET!
:D
Sweet Bro!
Have fun!
its Trey and the guitar is hurting him so good.
I need to plant asparagus.
Awesome fail  Hulu says free  if you use IE 9, take my IE9 to Adobe  says flash installed.
Go to Hulu says flash not installed
Wide left?...hm
TIL Nathan Healey is literally upset about my shares.
AMA.
3 things energyefficiency can do for your business: happier clients, more productive staff, huge energy bill savingsbigger bottom line!
Hm.
RT : Me thinks Cal is underrated.
I'll take him.
do you guys plan on playing a hometown show soon?
I live here so..
Lol
Truly trippy light show.
My feet say dance but my brain says seizure.
Fresh week, fresh energy, fresh prince of bel air
A major, but unrelated, insight sprung out of today's personal blue screen of death day.
We are doing live spots this morning with at and at Miller Time Pub!
Tune in for up to date parade info!
I know  now she's in high school!
She's so wonderful  such a good girl...smart as a whip too :
yeah out of how many attempts ?
Every player has a bad game their human do you remember lebrons 3 points last year in the finals?
Fruit loops.
Hmm, Red Hook lobster truck is in Ballston today.
cc
I find Taylor Swift extremely irritating but her song on the Hunger Games soundtrack is beautiful.
hmm maybe!
There's endless possibilities maybe we could collab
Jack Lindquist this is the greatest tourist destination in the whole world
MadMen s4 rewatch: ep7 more great lines: Why is there a dog in the Parthenon?
That is a roach.
Free hot dog day is here!
Happy National Hot Dog day!
We are at Sunset and Arville today from 10am until 2 pm
Happy 2012, wealth health and happiness
Oh.my.god.
I'm in!
If joins, is it a doctorma or comedy?
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Finally getting my veggie grill sandwhich and going to see Valhalla Rising
Life is short.
If you love someone, let them know.
If you dislike someone, let them go.
I need this vacation.
Fame is the beauty parlor of the dead.
American journalist Benjamin De Casseres
Smh, my Doctor is at Lunch.
Smh.
Wow.
Its A Big Difference Between A Woman Nd A Bitch So If I Call U Bitch That Means Yeen Meet The Qualities Of A Woman
Everyone have a safe night tonight and don't make bad choices happy new year all!
This shit is rugged don't get it twisted..
It's the path I chose..
I deal with it..
You do something else..
Be creative at your shit..
Nah lol not yet
I'm on it.
4:45 a.m.
alarm.
Hit the ground running.
Hooah
Just Hired a talented Front End/Mobile Developer for a TOP Miami Interactive Agency!
This ain't no penis.
This a long dick!
Alright alright alright!
s/o to my follower follow her
Not feeling this weather right now!
National surveys of households rated primary banks to determine which institutions create the most favorable experiences...
Let me borrow it tomorrow!
Allah is the guardian of those who believe.
Allah takes them out of darkness into light.
Qur'an 2257
IfYouKnowMeWell you know how brave I am
Keep a stiff upper lip.
hey!
It was great!
How was yours??
:
Grrrr my calendar was wrong and missed meetings this morning
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat
Nothing excites me less than Alex Smith.
Yay for leap year, an extra day I can put off paying bills
What if, instead of cap and trade, we just tap into geothermal energy instead?
I love this house.
I love it so.
I just hope it's not too much for us.
Huge, and old, which means tons of work.
Anytime in between those days you dont work...
If I were , I'd throw the challenge so I could swiffer Phi Phi in a LSFYL!
The one that wins is the one that thinks they can !
The Brewers and Nats!!, and the O's Travel to to the Twin City to take on the Twins!
My luck!!!!
Lol
They are predicting 1 inch of rain an hour for today!
I'm already in over me flippers!
I know Summer finished Monday but this is crazy!
yall are making my night : :
so weird how all babies are ugly except mine
500th Tweet!
Better make it a good one!
In 1967 California legalized abortion, the bill was signed into law by Governor Ronald Reagan!
Any hope for Laporta this year?
Hoping all my friends and family in my hometown of Dallas are okay.
that a boy Jake.
Great game and remember this moment forever!
Hi Dana!!
I hope your enjoying the class!!
PickUpLine: That's a nice shirt.
Can I talk you out of it?
Theres no next time.
Its now or never.
Celestine Chua
Things like 6am team pictures are what really make me love swimming
Can someone please tell me why Tiger's or anyone else's infidelity should be news to me?
I wanna smack a pool
Tromatic Experiences via
sorry for crushing your idealistic spirit you crush my spirit every time you interrupt my naptime Me, talking to my polisci teacher.
yeah..
i'm ok.
I can't date Lacy either cuz she is taking care of her grandparents on her dad's side when she is off of work.
You never get a break in life, its constant overcoming.
My boss is looking for a FortLauderdale short term lease May 27 Aug 10th for her daughter.
Help?
well...call a spade a spade and all that
Made it just in time for first session on new musetech.
Whew!
Rookie mistake with buses on my part.
Fuck Yu Mean All Her Sub Tweets About Yo Man .
Morning friends!!!!!!
At the nail salon this lovely sunny Saturday morning follow let's get that 120k
When do you come back?
I've always wanted a waffle iron.
No Problem , Hope To See You N Your Friends At The Show!!.
:
Don't do anything halfway, unless you're willing to be half happy.
People have wasted so much time bsing me in the past.
They underestimated how much I really cared.
is remodeling the office.
The office is looking great, but the hallways to get into the office are another story.
Lol
Today is the final day for Student Elections.
If you haven't already voted, Go VOTE now!!!
It literally takes under a minute.
video girl the movie www.videogirlthemovie.com
personal banker!
Video 4 is up on YouTube Go check it out www.YouTube.com/InFocusWithMJR
Lol, I remember the song perfectly!
I really hate my mom.
Another Saturday just like the last.
Late again and I'm the one that has to pay for it.
: A study found people with lighter eye colors have a higher alcohol tolerance.
this explains everything...
I love you babys
Spring Break!
oh my.
this has been a good one!
makes me wonder what summers gonna be like.
I have to review and accept how many licenses to use the Andoctorid SDK?
This is almost as bad as Microsoft!
why thank you...
Enjoying a fabulous conference!
Thank you aepforums!
Going to sleep.
School tomorrow.
Goodnight :
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
3
I always get Miss, mister, and doctor confused.
How does this baby put up with your whining?
Just was kickin it with developing our master plan.
Sellin tickets to his show with only 15 hit me up!!!
I had a hard time understanding what misterMiyamoto was saying but damn he is a BOSS
I think it says a lot about the type of consumers they want to have and market to
I was there the whole time you guys just dipped
mwrry christmas baby
In the world of so many babygirl u are that one..
You give her these 5 things men and you will never regret it, you will have woman that will return it 10 fold
how would you manage fake alcohol?
My husband was home from work today, so I went back to bed otherwise I'd be more of a mess than I was today.
if you guys come doctorssed as Easter bunny.
Brunch is on me!;
Ugh, I wish I had 's legs
ok..hit me up when u get a minute
what's up blood, fuck you been up to
Wheres my filter lol!
RT : If a Libra was uncensored 24/7  said everything that came to mind, there would be no happiness.
When your parents tells embarrassing stories about you when your crush is around..
interactive galleries, artist sign up free for 30 days and upload your artwork.
w.zanbeelart.com
At Tilted Kilt.
best way to end my week ;D
I hate school
Just finished reading The Shack by William P.
Young today...WOW.
Such an amazing spiritual gift in reading that book.
It so changed me.
Addicted to StorageWars on I'm such an organizationfreak that I get the 'cleaning itch' every time a new unit is opened.
Ahh!
With my brother;
Someone made ramen noodles in the microwave in adena and it smells like SHIT.
I gonna puke
Okk I met the otter page so she deleted her other page like WTF
My wonderful wife and I are about to head over to Pats and Genos; I think I might get a foot long from each
The cup holders inside my car are great and all but what I really need is a place to put my coffee when I'm trying to get into my car.
Boo  no good
where yo party at?
: Yes!
And look........it is only the 10th!
Lol!!
better late than never!!
Less entries lol
To have wine or not to have wine...
Your ruining twitter ,people tweeting who I should follow!
if you retweet something I like I will make the choice to follow them :
Where do you listen to music the most?
Making candles  cleaning grave sites!
Why not?!
Very good day today and good weekend Booked all week
I TRANSFERED FROM LOS ANGELES, YUR SKOOL HAS NO GYMNASTICS TEAM, THIS IS A LAST RESORT CLAPS HARD AF ONE TIME
no ones from the summer when I was tan and ones from a week ago
oh for certain.
Er, sad news.
Can't even blame autocorrect for that typo.
I don't have the willpower to manually cull my account.
So.
Here we are.
How to not feel thankful?
I work on the fn' USC campus!
Anone interested in designing and running our new Hair Mag?
UpDoZ  Updo Hair with International Flair
ur funny 2day.
1st the reminder, then the tweet.
can't wait 2 c what has l8r.
RT Did U know 1 would HIT the street
One day a person loves you, next day u and that person are enemies.
Did you succeed at the Friday no stress challenge?
remember when your fan randomly turned on?
If u feeling froggy  leap
we're pretty casual here, mostly tshirts and flip flops.
Oh wait, that wasn't what you meant, was it?
Big ups to the homies  NEW EDITION Miami stop was EPIC !!
My dude thx fo tix and backstage !!
i should probably charge my phone now
Seriously that description of us is dead on, right?
:
IM SORRY IM TO LAZY TO PUT OF MY PICS FROM FACEBOOK!!!
ill do it when i have time.
Still nothing...
I will try to get in contact with the TO's and see if I can get something from them.
that sounds great!
I'll inform mister Salz and contact you tomorrow afternoon for details.
Best!
editing the podcast of Myron Gutmann's talk from May.
The door in that lecture hall has the loudest slam of any I've ever heard.
Mo emails mo money via
Vendorneutral records problem when can't use the multiple URLs therein Lots of work to filter out Trail
Shot the Mary J Blige New video last week in Brooklyn.
Watch for it!
Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit lives in you?
1 Corinthians 3:16
Tony Gonzales.
Smutty hasn't tipped his hat yet.
Gonzo is deadly.
I believe so :
Transplants at The Roxy!!!
The REAL show in LA tonight!!
Go Tim uck u
Listening to while writing a speech for school:
we all family mafucka I aint got no friends
I lose like 24 pounds on low carb day.
Muscles shrink big time.
when is your app coming to andoctorid?
oh dats coo
you read my mind.
u ok?
seeing all these beliebers tweet makes me wonder if he will ever notice/follow me 3 BTW boyfriendoctorview ITS AMAZING 33
HOLY CRAP ARE THINGS GETTING CRAZY!!
STAND UP AND LAUGH IS ABOUT TO EXPLODE!!!
ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?!
I feel yeah!
happy birthday!!!
great article on the Mozart playlist...now I can pick and choose the tracks off the Mozart Greatest hits CD my mum gave me.
Hinduism is not a religion, its a way of life.Swami Vivekananda
your at where your at because of me
Before I even started reviewing combine results, Josh Robinson looked like a first round pick...
Last day in the archives with the Natalie de Blois papers before a nice week at Cape Hatteras with old friends.
hows the wrist?
doctorwing around corners, in search for some distant vanishing point, my fingers feel for an angle, an edge, but only feeling texture.
yeah you just forget to tell the truth..or be with one girl at a time.
But it's all good.
Goodluck to the next one!
Today's gift card winner is KELLEY COOKSEY RAGAINS!
Bitch wtf are you lookin at ?
irmm.....don't mean to be sly but who is hanna ?
X
Im not tryna underestimate them....but these teams look garbo!!
spring!
the best antidepressant on the market.
I think I am going to take a couple of days off work and just package and send cupcakes to my media friends.
I had the worst ever workout 2day!
My legs were really sore from workout A.
Core ex.
were great!
finally : : you get to follow a true fan and customer : :.
Thanks!
You made me proud to be an Ark alum tonight I can't imagine anyone handling this better than you did.
why can't tomorrow come faster!
Don't like letting ppl borrow money.
Once that person doesn't pay back they mess it up for everyone...
lol I kno I kno I just been busy !
So are the door open or what?
Will Twitter be awesome for professorssional networking?
Let's find out!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!82
Bonds instantly to skin.
saw it yesterday, looks exciting!
i put it up on FB and messaged a few buds about it.
grateful that spring has sprung.
I was bouncing 21 in the air the whole time you were rapping lol you went hard : 21
such a girl thing to say.
:
it know I was just there last week but I need to come back again.
Everything you guys have is delicious.
got 9 hours of sleep last night!
Felt so good.
: JR...
when going YOLO goes right...
LOL
You're up early..
Don't forget to tune into with this weekend!
Our own Gary Daniels is on!
shldnt we be past black and white versions of ppl?
Super Sunday Schedule: Skype meeting, Pho lunch, Art Museum.
Thank you for sharing your post Reference: Useful HTML tags.
I'm very new to coding, so it helps to have this.
Look how that worked out!
RT : remember when Brooke Shields was married 2 Agassi?
They started their romance by fax.
: President Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
Happy Hour just got better.
It's Happy Hour, Every Hour now!
3 select beers, 4 premium well, 3 jager's, 2 PBR or Tecate's, 2 Bud Cans
Cheer up, sjsharks...it's now a 5 game series in which we have home ice.
Time to get loud and get crazy at the 'tank!
forgot to tell you  i think it was him who jumped me in the alley the other night.
So happy AndyPettite is on the mound
Thank you.
Sounds great.
I'll be a few minutes late to the game, but I'll see you out there.
I am going to Hollywood this summer!!
I HAD THAT COPIED AND PASTED IN A TWEET TO YOU JUST NOW SAYING 'OKAY DONE HERE IT IS WOW WTF LOL
Spying: Always interesting to get a sneak peek at what files people save onto their desktop when projecting on big screen
Thanks for the follows!
ditto!
Actually insert KC in between Dallas n Oakland wknds.
Wonder if I'll run into Glove, ShortDawg, Hamma, or Oaktown 357?
We are so glad you enjoyed today!
Help makechange with the RealChangeProject!!
Follow and RT!!!
U don't know my struggle.....4yrs.
of prison  a damn good eye opener...
Go read 's Reuters columns, they're like his awesome class minus unlit cigars and withering condescension
We are getting ready for , the red carpet is going down and the Italian Opera is playing.
Gain some fucking composure.
WE CAN'T HAVE ANYONE FREAKOUT, OUT THERE!
No problem..you ladies are financial rockstars!;

good luck cycling today!
Thanks for putting the pedal to the metal to
Killin The Game Out Here In The D
House and Senate who plan to vote yes on SOPA and PIPA: no amount of lobbyist money will help you scrub away the taint of your yes vote.
Doing the morning mayhem...your probably normally up before the roosters...lol.
Catch ya on my doctorve in the morning...
You gonna die .
g'morning to you too
Happy to have you following.
Thank you:
lmaaao, trust me you're not the only one ;P
seeing Tommy Wiseau's the Room for the second time, for better or worse, gives me eternal hope as a filmmaker.
Thanks, guys!
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Sir Winston Churchill
same to you.
I wish u all d best
Just landed in Los Angeles.
We have such a long layover.
HATERS make me FAMOUS !!
:P
Oh btw The Avengers is a badass movie.
BecauseofmyEx I used to be real confident now I'm a bit insecure
My iPod's favoring Fall Out Boy.
What
I'll never forget the day I heard my music on TV for the First Time
New Horizon Theater, Inc., presents BLUEMAGIC at KellyStrayhorn theater in East Liberty, Pittsburgh, Pa.
May 1st  8pm.
Get tickets now!
yea :D
ughh i have a major head ache:/ today was not my day!:'/
My sister has a story in the latest issue of Closer to a Place Like Home by Margaret Crawford.
tomorrow  test .
:cc wish me luck
Hi Michele, my company may fit the bill.
Email me at please.
So r u interested in trk?
To reduce inflammation in your body, shoot for 8 serv of fruit/veg per daytry a TT veggie bowl
RT : Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and TheMoneyTeam  Thank you.
Watching Cut on Netflix: Australian film students try to finish a horror film that ended in disaster a decade ago.
For a chilly fall day doctorp in and try our warm and tasty Chicken Armondo.
M!
Be sure to welcome from DH team to twitter!
Only 45/ month when you sign up for 1 year!
what u want to bet?
no problem!; Your Welcome
The Lorax!!
Love!
Favorite doctor Seuss book :
of course the game isn't sold out, no one comes to watch the Pacers unless they play New York, Miami etc, no support!
out of any gal I ever had i gotts say.
I fx with u the most.
!!!!
Just know that
Sick of sentimental CivilWar books?
Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan.
2.99 AmazonKindle.
Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
I'm in the mood to watch movies!
Yah, tell me to die of AIDS when you're the one making out with random guys you just met.
Preventative Patrol, Routine Incident Response, Emer.
Response, Crim.
Investigation, Problem Solving,  Support Services
I saw that there are no builtin warnings when you exceed API limits..
RT : a week from now i'll be waking up in the big easy!
hmm, cafe du monde or straight to bourbon st?
has been twirling in the snow :
Another feisty episode of Portland Sucks  today at 8AM Pacific  www.pdxsucks.com
I find backhanded tweets/facebook comments to be the most immature thing ever.
Haven't twit in a hot lil min.
Sitting on the side of the pool in Vegas.
Miss the West coast alil ; Heat is playin no joke out here
Took my first shot at guacamole and I did pretty well.
2 interview melanie campbell on Tom Joyner in am about Susan Komen cancel grants 4 Planned Parenthood cancer screening
It's Friday.
Start your weekend off right!
Come by Shorty's for lunch.
Specials start at 4.79!
Time to return home from parade and I REALLY miss my car right now.
ASTD2011.
M301 Plan for data collection early, before the intervention.
Jack Phillips
...
To do!
I am so incredibly pissed right now.
I wanna punch a wall..
better yet their faces!
rereading this now makes me realize that
Wishing it was thunderstorming tonight.
Growing Local: Sheerlark Farm  She's Got Your Goat!
The Chattanoogan
THE MORE YOU JUSTIN FAMILY EVER IT TAKES A LIFETIME TO LOVE LOVE YOU
I'm looking extra cute for my BF today but I don't think I'll have enuff time to see him  FuckNATO I'm finna protest!
What's better than working in the garden this morning?
The nap this afternoon :
Moving to Lisbon, Portugal for 8 months in a bit.
Any recommendations of things to do/eat/visit etc.?
Its really all i got in life haha!!
Spanish Pantalones.
Love this movie.
No matter what happens in life, be good to people.
Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
Taylor Swift
Exciting news!
We will have Manning Tshirts starting next week in Orange and Navy.
Sizes xlt thru 4 xlt, and 2x thru 6x.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.50
to your bio no that makes u fun
Memphis forces Gm7 on Sunday...Spurs will play Gm 1 on Tuesday
Hi!
Thanks for the editing.
Excited to see it.
Small world!
ugh i know and december is not going to be pretty either, 2 games including the new Star Wars MMO...bye bye life.
nothing just listening to music
lol people think i'm cute.
Long Story Short Kisses!
Thank you!
Feel free to bring them in to the showroom!
yep..
gotta have that special someone with u or else its just plain gloomy lol
what will happen to traditional retail?
Wheaties FUEL Honors 2011 Baseball Champion Albert Pujols MINNEAPOLISWheatie
anxious ambivalence is an essential part of the experience
Sierra!
Love you Gurll!
3 Please DM me back!
Love you xoxo DM me back!
It's Andoctorw Bogut bobblehead night at the BucksOKC game tonight.
Whoops.
I wonder what the folks at Flickr are working on these days?
Starting to think chivalry doesn't exist anymore
's brothe met today ..
OKAY IM JEALOUS.
Obviously!
Hey we still need to catch up sometime soon : RT : 2012 will be great!
Compounds in green tea have been shown to help reduce inflammation in your joints.
I was at school all day, then went to work for the rest of the day.
It sucked ass.
Lower back pain: lower back pain when twisting
May your blessings outnumber the shamistercks that grow, and trouble avoid you wherever you go.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!!
Ok, fine, all you want is to be with him.
But can you please scream about it in front of someone else's house?
It's kinda late.

woah totes!!
I have an order to place!
yeaahh thank god!
:
sarcasm, right?
Happy moments, praise God.
Difficult moments, seek God.
Painful moments, trust God.
Every moment, thank God.
have you consider the impact bbh1200 will have from stop 212 eastbound to harbor?
You may also want to have a voice in this
raiders going to Superbowl baby :
Come on Rangers, score a goal.
It's really fucking simple.
Put the puck into the net and we'll go fucking mental!
ITS FUN!
I wish I had my girlfriend back
I love pencil to paper, and my mac can never duplicate that feeling.
So wish I had a love life :/
Happy New year lady!
2012 is your year!
From Washington to New York to Japan NBAlogowontdisapoint!!
Not yet on the marketSonyEricsson GreenHeart ismade w/ recycled biodegradable components
If the Bulls don't win another game against Philly....It makes u wonder
Mike  Mike pushing 2 buck teeshirts.
Omg it's so cute how Justin put his performance for Someday At Christmas in his album.
His voice is just so soothing.
Love u
Now that song will be stuck in my head ALL day.
;
ohmygosh, that poem in your pocket!
I'm carrying it, too, along w/WDMyers Love That Boy!
xx
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken.
Orson Rega Card
aight next time I will!
Wasn't sure if it was u but now I know!
See u got your lil poodle, Brook, on lock huh?
Haha
Attitude is like doctorving a car; people notice when you swerve.
You're a jazz fusion shenanigan.
I didn't notice that until you mentioned it.
No Problemm.
Xo.
Hows about No.
12 : I'm intrigued.
RT : Too high with the 7th.
Nationals scoreless in first 3 innings.
fundoctorisingyou know how to use angellist they understand human psychology
Aaayyyeee grab the mix tape bro!
7 17 songs!!
BREAKINGNEWS: There have been more than 30 white powder envelope scares across the Country so far this week alone.
6 in PDX.
Very interesting interactive map RT : Dadaab: city of refugees  interactive
According to the National Institutes of Health, up to 80 of the U.S.'s Hispanic population are lactoseintolerant.
is the stuff about his weight, strength, and speed
Hahahahahahahaha probably that was the funniest thing ever...
Oh my ipod is in your car will you bring it tomorrow??
bc they accepted you!
About 24 firms whitelabel mobile apps by that let clients see their portfolio reports 24/7
Your social and personal life will be affected with all responsibilities and deadlines.
I can't even read the word without hearing that woman's voice
hardly sounds like a challenge anymore.
Maybe they should call it watch the big ten beat up on the acc for a week
Was wondering why MSNBC was torturing us with whole Newt speechrealized their anchors had errands to run and dinners to eat.blathering on
The line at the pharmacy counter at the Columbia heights metro never ceases to amaze me
: I remember when the Pro Bowl games were actually good I'm 31, and I don't.
It's always been a wall thru event...
ok after listening to a little more music, then to bed
There are no words to say how happy i am that has got his Skunk hair back :D
People say too much too soon...
Hope things get better for you soon.
Sweet!
RT I am so excited!
is amazing and taking me to meet Katy Perry tomorrow.
but idk what though :/
Thanks Liz for the Retweets!
Gonna watch netflix....
C:
THAT'S WORSE THAN HIM NOT RESPONDING :
come on wednesday ready to sing :
mono donde estas metido i miss you , i'm so not looking forwardto school sigh...
So, yeah, Qtips is an ahole.
Sadly, many of those he'll be endangering will still worry for his safety.
those look super neat!
Life is beautiful.
And getting better by the minute..
So blessed Xo
while I'm monster doctornking.
Yea love that song.
Welcome back....Sorry the ADS will take care of biz on Fri in front of 17,000 FANS!
Life would be easier if you could mark people as spam...
don't be an asshole
What should i eat 4 lunch?!?
thats sounds good make me wanna go hit that starbucks
You writing an intro to Bob Moon's piece?
RT Why do candidates suspend when they're doctorpping out?
Is it about the money?
Crazy week ahead with and  gonna make some FIRE!!!
yes please!!!!:D
I'm Bored.
We need more journalists like you.
Kudos 4 taking guest 2 task on bombshell video.
2 often, no one calls them on the lies
miobi makeitorbreakit did they really just cut you???
No!!!
Moving.
Moving.
Moving.
Moving.
Sucks.
Sucks.
Sucks.
Sucks.
Just keep thinking biggerplace!!!
Do we ask of God all that we need, or just what we think He will give us?
Pudsey, the Britain's Got Talent winner, is now the second richest dog in England, after Harry Redknapp's dog Rosie.
When your singing in the shower  you wonder why you haven't recorded an album yet.
iDiversity  using adaptive technology to translate formats from motion to sound.
lmao you're a jerk!
What time do you open tomorrow?
We are looking forward to visiting and filling up.
Lifelong Wis.
resident.
Mayor Tom Barrett needs more than Obama.
He's a weak candidate.
Im all ears....and fuck those people at dat strip club u need to go to Magic City or KOD lol
Hi Keli!
Any chance of getting an original copy of the article from Jan 6th?
Thanks!
is this real?
i know:
in regards to his original post
I follow so many porn stars now because of you.
Nice!
It'll be a good show!
Trying to make something from nothing!
Follow me...
into your arms is always our jam
I'll keep an eye out for you at ShelfLifeTwo!
Don't waste time concentrating on your fake friends, focus your energy on your real friends.
was it fun?
Dear high maintenance baby fussing in the jumperoo: who are you and what have you done with my son?!...

are constantly influenced by other systems of oppression.
Can't separate identities.
So we can't separate oppressions.
oddly Twitter says you aren't following my accounts.
RG3:I plan to be successful
I'm glad you joined us :
Life is a saga Vojtech Jasny
Form is key!
If you are doing a workout or motion incorrectly, you can lose up to 35 of that workout's value, wow!
Ask people for help!
Sam looks like he's getting a boner watching Mercedes...
Just Saying.
In the morning, I'll be heading up the mountain for a writing marathon.
I will be afk for 36 hours of clicketyclackety.
Need anything?
To clarify: libraries can be good at hosting web content.
Don't have the resources to run an ejournal independently.
PACKERS all the way!!!!
hope to see some new wares from yall soon.
it's been a min
welcome nick perry
Just wanna go to Stratford, so bad
Have a buddy that has one ticket left in section 141.
Ticket is 300.
I need to go to Madison this weekend.
I think I'm in Mad Withdoctorwl
Lol im not at school ..
Idk how you're gonna get it
ah bored!
whuut to do todayy ;p
Covering up a WWE ad????
Smash is dead to me!
And thank you for the card!!!!
Thanks for sharing the Google Plus invite!
Wow...
Great start to the final game of the MNSHL hockey tourney!
Lots of hard hits.
Go BSM!
My eyes burn!!
: People who have no standards  Derrty Mufuckazz would fuck a roach for a Slice of bread wit no crust
Dam it I got hacked sorry guys!
Overheard in the Praxis Fellows' lounge: What if you had a kid with Hitler?
I Gotta Pee Every 5 Minutes!
His smile, his laugh EVERYTHING Lol 333
here i did numba one ima do 3 right now :
If I saw a woolly mammoth today I think I would have a better camera to captainre the moment with.
Give me back those 48 seconds.
You still down to chat?
We need to catch up :
Well, Italian, but still
Right back atcha!
So cool to meet you in person.
Would love to do it again sometime!
Just heard She's an easy lover by Phil Collins en route to a court hearing.
I don't know if that's good or bad.
I can't help but be amused at all the cutesy dumb messages and posts you get, and all your posts are straight up business.
Looking forward to be working at marianos again this summer...
NOT
Who buys toothpaste without the plus whitening or OJ without the calcium added?
I mean, its just good sense.
thank you that means alot :
kierra is that ms.arnold in the back
Treat your mom to a relaxing, fun getaway with us on MothersDay weekend!
There's so much shopping and dining to be done!
Good mornin' Twitter!
Brunch with 3 amazing ladies, great Mexican food, incredible mimosas  beautiful weather  perfect Saturday afternoon
I normally have to pay for that kind of service!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
28
im leavin now
haha not many people do.
but its so good for you!
So close.
Too much Smith.
Your professorssional clothing doctorve donations can be doctorpped off at tonight's Social  Cultural Committee mtg beginning at 7pm at GWUL.
Tina Brown says failure of Talk gave her connections that enabled later success of Daily Beast
Balboa island heavenly !
I don't wanna go back to cold chitown tomorrow
Ability is what youre capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
Lou Holtz
It'll be a Super Bowel Movement if too many hot dogs, chicken wings  beer is consumed that day LOL
you'll rock it :.
haha im gonna keep it..
InMiddleSchool Recess Used To Shake!
What a day.
If they made Thundershirts 4ppl, I'd be wearing 1 right now.
I need hugs  maybe a beer.
Bad ass BoardwalkEmpire finale!
Sad that one of my favorite characters is gone.
I think everybody ought to get rich and prominent and do everything they ever wanted so they can notice that it's not the reply.
What vet to you use?
oh babe
for sure.
No worries.
Will be back soon!
Filming Damian Chapa's NIGHT BIRD until 5PM  then Day 2 of shooting feature film BROOKLYN BREACH until midnight.
Time well spent!!!
learn before you go!
i want some chicken n waffles an some kool aid:
Have a great 4th of July!
I love what?!
I'm so confused as a baby in a top less bar!!
Brahaha
Wishing the archivist and librarian community had a resource like
I had to reread that bout 8x I see why you cant get your own crib you probably cant spell you name a application
Makin' it halfway through the week.
is sitting in a swanky house in swanky beverly hills.
that's where i want to be!
COME TO NEBRASKA!!!
PLEASE.
tht phone call was pointless 
What to do w/ old PNLA badge ribbon, service certificate for WA Gov's conf on libs, membership cards for WLA, SLA?
Toss I guess :
Headed in to DC to volunteer for at the Science  Engineering Fest!
As one door closes, another always opens.
Anyone still need/want G invites?
Congrats on the FGOTW feature!!
Go girl!
You look amazing!
You go, girl
I think being GRAND is what I do best!
where can i get some jerk energy soda?!
OK, can someone tell me how to make it so that random friends on FB can't just add me to their frivolous groups and events?!
no, I'm coming back in a couple of days.
Don't want too though :
I did so many times on the number you texted me on vacation
Take a look at the crowd and hype surrounding LSUAlabama and you see why the S.E.C.
Is so dominant.
Players want the highest levelits here
Use Akismet, it's awesome for fighting spam
thanks for confirming, you are most welcome.
Willow Smith Is Gona Be THAT Girl Within The Next Few Years
so austin is maybe going to london or berlin but why not Paris ?
:
For mothers day i got my mom a card that said grandma, ON ACCIDENT, she freaked.
After 2 days  Washington DC  Freddie Mac/ Multifamily Conf.
Freddie's multifamily lending platform robust.
Future looks promising  conf.
please follow me 3 3i love you Giuliana you are fantastic please follow me
thats what happens in May
sounds sucky, what did you watch that made you worse?
I'm coming into b dubs this week!
U workin?
4 straight hits for the Giants and still nobody out.
Facebook is fuckin up the planet.
Shakespeare
I loved all the questions.
Ya'll are smart cookies.
ys  Someone take me to bahama bucks!
And i'll love
I toast my colleague and friend, Walt Bodine.
72 years as a broadcaster.
Secret?
Loyalty.
Constant loyalty to the audience.
Omw home Finna take a shower wash my hair then relax.
Work and then Razoos with my girls and then movie with my hubby!
It's gonna be a great day.
that sauce was damn decent.
How can they possibly have not yet learned that their modifications never ever work???
Thanks Julian, but the only thing Irap are presents.
:   2 Live  Hoopla Gang
Saz's State House Steak of the week is an absolutely nutty 20 oz.
Prime Porterhouse!
That's right...20 OUNCES!!
Hi Laine!
Support our organic salon in Fresno by giving us a shoutout or enjoy our organic salon services at ThreadSugar:
Shoot.
Someone call Dan Bane and tell him Fresh  Easy opened a store right across the street.
He can't ignore that, right?
NWLC11 If you don't get a balanced diet in the Word, you starve.
No worries Devin.
Good to see you back out on the scene again man.
Too funny to not do it!
You mean murder threats shouldn't be taken seriously?
dinner with a schmuck.
pretty good just working  trying to find a job in Journalism.
That's cool your graduating soon.
We should grab a beer sometime.
What do I do with a boy like you?
:/
just won a free case of Hop On Top!
Congrats!
DM for info where to pick it up!
one more cover idea...Miss You by the Stones and it's sweet bass line
Chilling down south Florida!
Bout to hoop a lil..holla
Why is it that my dog gets pissed off when I blow in his face but when I put him in the car he sticks his head out the window?
I hate when I have to confirm my email to sign up for something t.t
LOVE it!
, ROCK  ROLL!
Tonight 8PM Tix 15 available at the door.
no worriesI do!
LOL
great phone convo with today.
very encouraging!
SAT today and I have the worst cold of my life.
tired of twitter, tweeting and everybody on here.
and it just happened and suddenly
make your professorle private, you have to do it from a computer though
Just had a little black girl ask me where her mom was
Happy birthday to the AMAZING Janet Jackson, she turns 46 today!!
don't even THINK about tweeting me, again.
fuck you.
leave me alone.
leave me alone.
leave me alone.
Celebrity Cruises Holiday Savings Event!
Book by Friday for low holiday cruise prices  ship board credits!
Call our experts 8008037245!
my feet hurt so bad its ridiculous i might hafta go in a wheel chair..totally worthittho ;
Social networking made for achieving goals!
www.iaminc.biz
come over.
:
Failure is not embarrassing.
In fact it inspires renewed determination and vigor.
But then again, so did the Voodoo Glow Skulls...
Very happy my wife likes topgear!
Just saw a cop doctorving in my neighborhood
Welcoming timeline to the official professorle.
We'll see how it goes...
Ting Yang Twins!!!!!
I'm better than you think I am.
Today seems like one of those days were everything is complicated.
Although the positive is that I think I did well on my math test!
Only laker playing with a pulse tonight is the best player in the game
my pleasure!
Hope your Saturday is off to a great start!
with ur looks ur amazing voice sent down from heaven you'll make it further then you ever thought keep it up 3 you!!!!!
LOL right now I just got home from walking 4 miles al day.
SHOPPING.
And the movie um and the cop place.
I'm sitting here trying to craft one in my head  so hard!
Such clever people, they're cracking me up too!
woww, I can't believe!
Do u remember me?
I don't think so..
when I met u and u had 1K or 2K of followers.
I'm happy for u :
I'm glad!
The next one is a bit of a slow read, just so you're not taken unawares, research the narrative construction.
what I precious baby!
how i determine whether an paper/book is good or not: if it reads well in John Green's voice, it works for me.
I wont happen because congress wont pass anything that hurts their employers  the oil companies, not until money is taken out of politics
and you know it!!
follow me please3
yeah me 2 but i dont want to do a old song
Maybe I'm too much for my own good...
Soo...Selena and Justin broke up?
Someone fill me in!
Thank you for that fun contest and also for those coming Cutey bracelets.
:
building for mobile 1st, Web 2nd; is a smart way to plan for the future Instagram Deal  Move Toward Cellphone From PC...
Ha!
Q: Fave Shakespeare A: The Tempest.
I like that shrimp, Calabash.
j/k Seriously: Antony and Clawopatra.
No, really: Coriolanus
Xbox 360 or ps3?
Staying up talking to him is worth it
Customer, grasping antique looking, but actually not, library table: Wow, I love this table.
Is it for sale?
Me: No.
Well, if the won't invest, why don't you offer them positions where they're paid in equity, rather than money?
I was right!
He's pulling up to my house now!
Welcome, Oberweis!
Thanks, everyone, for a great day of Bootcamps and conversations.
See you all at 8am tomorrow morning for session voting!
jeff don't pit like i pit.
I bring the rage of 2 ethnicity's.
looking for a Financial Analyst  NYC
Haha, you sound just like right now!
Oh wait, that's her everyday.
Hanging out at 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!
pokes head into kitchen
Why are we pumped for the 2012 season to get started?
Because it is that much closer to 2013!
What many r missing is most of these guys aren't learning personal finance in the NBA, they're blowing their money  broke.
yeah surf you're the G.O.A.T you should retire like Mook and ask for 25k.
That awkward moment when I doctornk text saying Happy birthday, then when she tells me it's not her birthday I reply yes it is.
Now why you gon do that.?
Let YOUR insecurities ruin a perfect thing.
Better behave, or I'll have to hold you down and give you what you deserve.
: SFilming Rock House Keyboard Course book with Sal Grillo local CT keyboard legend
I wish the Pacers had as good of fans as the Thunder do!
But we miss you in Cleveland!
lmao really your gonna say 3 tits ???
O.o im very confused xD
it's time!
You got it right Coach!
That's more than the majority of people will do.
We are programmed to turn away from God, not toward Him!
spent my weekend in westchester with regina, we got some awesome creative furniture for our new apartment!
I support anonymous because the vigilante aspect is captainvating.
75 million Twitter users as of the end of January.
Having coffee at 10:30 at night?
Yep!
:
or judge apatow...
Welcome!
Make sure you swing by the Weiner's Circle after a Cubs win :
Smashed: an alcoholic love story that somehow manages to be really funny,  not melodoctormatic.
AA put in the language of the Gen Yers.
Appreciate beauty.
Your Inception talk forced me to tune to Joe Rose.
You should apologize for that as well...
Ah the doctorer trick.
Forgot about that.
been getting feedback that the squirrel being clickable in Proximity was maybe too subtle.
Did you notice?
:
LHP Robbie Ray starts game two wedn afternoon at Salem; 1st road start of season
Be the change you want to see in the world.
I've tested out a few alpha apps already  I'd love to help out!
Let me know how I can be of assistance.
at the Lit Managers convening.
Lit Managers having office hours once a month.
Open to anyone to start conversation.
2/2
Oh, I'm so sorry for you
Every once in a while I go to the doctorves and delete images now lost in time....
you know it!
Schneble uses affirmative private messages to inform students about their strengths in the course  helps them gain confidence.
Happy Monday and Martin Luther King Jr.
Day!
Just wanted to say thanks for your support so far!
We all appreciate it.
shit I might as well wit the way these customers be actin
Id rather live in GOD's arms...
Have a good day!
RT : Die in a burning bus
Art night is going on now.
Bring a craft/art project and work on it here.
Creating in a collective environment is always fun!
do you ever follow any fans or do you just keep it friends to keep down the asking and begging?
Thanks, it means a lot3 We'll try to make it over there as soon as we can.
Lover.ly Makes Wedding Planning Simple
I can appreciate a tasteful nude.
I can appreciate other types of nudes too.
come here kitty kitty kitty :
So I deleted one of my MySpace professorles!
You proud?
Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people.
Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded.John McCain
I highly doubt we will have mass in the auditorium next week
Hey I heard congratulations are in order for you.
Way to go.
So excited for your new adventure.
I follow the next 10 who follows !!!
Happy Friday the 13th!
has been such an inspiration to my writing lately.
Thank you!
InCommon and PESC announce a pilot project, AdmitMe, to demo the advantages of federated identity mgmt to streamline the admissions process
If your dying 7 year old wants to trend on twitter his last day on earth you have utterly failed as a parent and human being.
Good morning folks!
ah you poor dear
Happy mifflin folks.
Ill be at work if you need me....
Mark my words: will outlast them all.
i love not having class!..
i know how that feels haha
I won't be able to get enough of you after an eternity baby 3
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Happy Belated Birthday
No kidding, the Leafs are going to really turn some heads next September.
nope.
Nobody wanted to hangout with DJ for awhile.
Tonight I'm headed out with Picard!!
Running in 80 degree weather!
Kudos to the bostonmarathon runners.
Happy Birthday to the Beautiful, sweet !
Love u Friend!
Hope to see u soon X
Basketball practice tomorrow morning for a little bit then going to head out to the beach for couple hours with bro !
ICantLiveWithout My music/iPod.
this made me laugh out loud.
thank you.
yeah I thought about that challenge but I don't want to die from it
We are so glad we had the opportunity to showcase Eva's great work.
An amazing woman!
i'm not liking trackD: only because i'm forced to do distance
As Woody Guthrie said, some will rob you with a sixgun, some with a fountain pen.
Pirate!
got them.
.
u need to stop with the old ppl
happy birthday Buck!
We're sure you will have many many more!
thought you did?
Seriously had 2 DM 2 C what the hell he was talking about!
Bahahah!
So funny!
thank u
No problem w/ looking at it, just don't confuse its importance.
It's fine to have Klout...it's another thing to BELIEVE in Klout.
Re/Your local bookstore: Good to hear, but I don't think we can use Vermont as a bellwether for any general U.S.
trends :
Thx for the ff, great to see you on twitter again :
I just want my diploma already.
Got the night off!
Chillin with my daughter and niece!
Me too!
WTF!!!
Rebecca Black would never beat im sorry rebecca but justin bieber is the 1 best teen singer in da world but nice try
My mom just forced me to cancel my order of edible arrangements because she doesn't want fruits ....
It's my gift to you so shut up 
i hate fucking waiting, shit blows
Hey pigeons the rock and Cena going lose tonight
In NYC??
That's surprising.
Phillip Phillips, I bet you're a real catch.
Will you let me reel you in?
You don't want to win American Idol anyway right?
me too...there is none here :
you're so sweet  thoughtful 3 :
note to self: when you use candy for markers in BINGO, the kids will be happy about the program ending
Lol!!
RT : TodayInTwitter close to home; has fun; watches it unfold; annoyed
hey, only being completely honest!
:
got it thanks!
I'm facetiming you tomorrow in class JustBecause lmfaooo i missed my phone
Watching Gordon Ramsey's great escape on Netflix right now.
It is awesome.
Unreal RT Worked in MiLB for a year, the number of people that assume there's a peanutfree zone in ballparks is laughable.
been listening to Second  Sebring all morning  just wanted you to know that i'm sure your mom is so proud of you :
Woahh bipolar weather up in huuur..it was fricken hott today, tomorrow it will be cold.
Sick
I want to do the Trans Siberian again from West to East
Walking away from what I want and waiting for what I deserve
whoa!
Had no idea that was you Margaretawesome!
Excellence is not a singular act but a habit.
You are what you do repeatedly.
Shaquille O'Neal
Music is the art of thinking with sounds
unlike Coachella which is absentmindedly retro, it seems 90s indie will throwing a multicity festival this year!
I'm pretty fortunate.
The theater I'm going to tonight has assigned seats that the ticket buyers get to choose.
I'm coaching a girl for a State Teen USA prelim.
Any last minute advice in 140 characters or less?!?
;
Didn't see the game, but it does happen quite a bit in a lot of games for sure
25 days until Christmas and 32 days until 2012.
thanks Kevin!!
I feel so awesome ; 69 followers...Jamino.
;
U need Colt Mcoy on ya squad RT Steelers are monster!
mpmf  Greg from Deerhoof will be a special guest with tonight at 9 PM Cincinnati Club Room!
FACT: listening to men at work makes working on saturday better.
Seriously, throw their song overkill on repeat.
I miss nostalgia.
where do you guys think the future of the NFL is going?
I hope nowhere....
Jeanne love to hear about any examples of iPads in the corp classroom.
Looking to pilot at SBDU
Social media boot camp
I've got too much shit going on.
ROOOOAAAAARRRRRR!!!!!
Merry christmas....
Eugene folks  look for our bike cart at Eugene Sunday Streets today and grab a sample or a full growler of Oregon's tastiest kombucha!
Went to the Blackhawks Flames playoff game tonight.
Went to overtime and Hawkls scored 12 second into OT.
Blue Jackets lost to the Wings.
Send birthday wishes to birthday Please retweet
Sitting for over an hour on a Delta plane waiting to take off.They closed the doors and decided we still weren't ready to take off.
I love the female form....;
9pm sharp!
Looking for to catching you.
What are you looking for in an interviewee?
Big Marketing Day for Losing Ground tomorrow!
Catch us in Time Square, Central Park, and Penn Station!
Launch in 4 days!!!
Cooler Than Me Mike Posner
I Feel Like Crying, Screaming, Yelling, Curse Somebody Out And Hitting A Bitch In The Face!
Allegheny Technologies Announces Webcast of Conference Call for First Quarter 2012 Results
you don't get to do comedy.
It's a mad skill!
Yeah haha it's good
Got my popcorn out for 's story.
Good morning!
The House is back in session.
Trying to psych myself up for it!
where is it?
Jimena's 9th Birthday is tomorrow : Lots to do tonight!
So EXCITING!
hey I still dont have my phone so just letting you know I wont be at practice tomorrow..
I have WAY too many calendars going right now.
Phone, outlook for work, purse sized and family calendar.
Anybody got a better system?
DC artists have been neglected: vast majority of funds go to national programs.
Today, the City Council showed it values local community.
makemusic be about something
misterD's Painting.Call us for a free estimate.We pride ourselves in the work we do.And we love to paint 6195625848 or www.misterspainting.com

lot of zorinsky running.
But, with marathon training I get bored  gotta 16 to do this wkend probably on keystone
lmao , thank you :
Thanks for the follow.
well thanks man...NOW SHE WILL KNOW THE NEXT TIME SHE LOGS ON!
oh, do keep calling me that, please haha
have a great week in Sarasota!
thats what im talkin about...call corb...im in the building..
...if our history has taught us anything, it has taught us to beware of elites bearing racial theories.
Justice Clarence Thomas
Carla Chambers, defendant in surrogacy scheme, gets 12 month sentence: 5 months custody and 7 months home confinement.
So I'm in Fresno, CA 1.52 hrs from Yosemite Park, I could only go tomorrow.
Wake up at 4am get there by 6.307amspend 2 hrs in the park
Do you shop for your man?
Scott thinks it's cool Moose says he would NEVER let a woman pick out his clothes 2229800
Thomas I missed you!!!
It takes little effort to make a girl smile and just feel appreciated, so take time to just do something nice and watch the nagging stop!
Good morning by the way
Love this.
RT If you spend your life making excuses and telling sob stories, you get bogged down in negativism  Junior Seau
come to rochester new york:
Researches say that the pill, bras and washing machines are the top 3 inventions that have changed women's lives.
Washing machines?
Pssh.
Just put some miles on woodway and pumped out some weights place is great!
Determined to get a cat in the future
Well I'm the Mary!
Sup all A's
keep voting FavMusic BigTimeRush KCA they deserved it for all there hard work n cuz there awesome ?
Glad I'm off tomaro...tryna just str8 chill at the house
Finally got Twitter and Facebook hooked up again.
I can resume the posting.
Stranger opened the door for me at work, said: Every day is Be Nice to Someone Day.
what do you want?
Shirt?
CD?
Poster??
mine went fine.
Glad its over.
Heard good things about your presentation and mindjet.
Looking forward to seeing it online!
Where is ?
Sorry I missed this tweet yesterday, but how was your burger?
Have you tried our new jalapeno jam option?
Homie I'm 25, not 21 ..But ok, cool
MY HEAD IS BANGIN
You and me
is it anywhere as good as MIchael Jackson's Girlfriend?
YouKnowYoureFromUtahWhen your friend says The zumba class is in the gym, and you say, Oh, it's in the cultural hall?
LOL
yes for me and Colby!!!
highrollin'

are hanging out with Jimmy the Groundhog in Sun Prairie this am!
Tune in to  Jimmy's a cutie!
I now understand the no pepper sign in Major League.
Yes please, O Lord // RT : We always end up regretting what we say in prideful anger.
Set a guard over my mouth,O Lord Ps.141:3
RT if you need followers Thanks Also This site on Staining Concrete Floor
But you already know BULLS all day everyday
HA i knew it, the power just went off and on
AL I FUCKING DO IS WIN!!
sorry Jesus for the language!
Forgive me!
it's to cold out.
finally!
and aw but he still texts doesn't he?
lol missed you here!
;
Sitting bAck listening to me ,Karl and Linda song please by toni braxton we was gone off this song yes sir fall back and breathe !
Sick.
at home.
hate it!
Straight up tell me , are you really gunna love me forever .
Something just hit me.
What am I supposed to do with my life when there will no longer be shows to attend w/ ?
MAE MAE 333
To be honest, can you really call anyone in the Black Eyed Peas important?
Currently reairing the livestream from from 02/12/11.
Check it out!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
hahahah u too much Eddy
JSchool is a great background for EDU communications.
Only prob comes if they forget which side the bread is buttered ;
I love this title: Quiet: The Power of Introverts
thank you sir!
hope it's late nov!
I won't be there till at least the middle of the month at the earliest!
Aw Thank you so much!
OneThingIDontLike twitter glitches
this weekend?
;D
My Religion is simple: My Religion is kindness.
Dalai Lama
nigga you retarded
Too far , in my condition lol
that is correct B
Blowing air into the caprisun to get more juice lol
i just deactivated it you can try now and let me know if it works
Fav quote from sla2010: Some use information like a doctornk uses a lamppostfor validation and support, not illumination.
James Carville
I can do this FUCK THE WORLD N EVERYONE IN IT :
yeah can we?
g2g
Pat Riley would do some shit like that too
You're welcome, and thanks!
Another sunday, hope all my followers are cool and you all have a great relaxing day
Like, why didn't they do that the first time?
im trying to do the online thing
It's hard to imagine Apple without SteveJobs at the helm.
He's made an amazing contribution to technology.
What's your 1st stop today at Day 1 of ISE SLC?
Share your experiences and photos on FB or tweet us using the hashtag SportsExposSLC!
JG aged so much in the last 2 yrs.
Had just turned 47 but looked 77.
Tracie Bennett's good in EndOfTheRainbow?
Lol mama enjoy
I've got a lot of feelers out.
We'll see what happens.
We first met f2f at NECC in San Antonio.
Guess where ISTE is next year!
no its not ppl is just lost n wrong life was supposed to be greater then this bt we can live rt lol.
Fun facts for your BBQ conversation: Button Gwinnett was the 2nd signer of the Declaration of Independence and he died in a duel.
Bout to go to 5th period
oh yes were crushing brew ha's brew ha's brew ha's
RT: is wanting me to recap her alcohol suppressed memories when I wasn't even there.
I'm not a fucking miracle worker.
It's infriggintense on meetthepress this morning.
This poor old lady.
She has so much make up on, she looks like a clown
it's TUESDAY!
two new tracks from '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal'
Happy Beautiful Saturday!
Visited friends' new home in beautiful Woodacre, Marin, hiked massive protected open space across road: hillsskybirdsbreath.
Nootropics by Lower Dens  I Rock Cleveland  Indie Rock, College ...
With my Cousin!;3!:
can you tag photos on twitter?
Rainy lazy Sunday I love it.
Happy Monday from the Garb Gang!!
RT  Paris is always a good idea   Audoctory Hepburn
No one wake me up!!!!
Need to sleep then working out like an animal tmm
My grandmother is a damn comedian...lmao up in here!
I can't find lyrics for Is That Clear.
I'm now convinced he sings I'm gettin' paid yeah  give me a PAP!
The Berghoff, which boasts the oldest liquor license in Chicago, is now featured on the domu Chicago History Map!
You can't pick and choose which of God's rules you want to follow based on your political views.
That's called hypocrisy.
El Dorado Furniture plans first store on Florida's Gulf Coast
I HAD TO GET MY BIG BRO BACK CTFU
has to get goin' to work, so everybody quit distractin' my ADD ass!!!
LOL 0:
Or maybe I just can't reply.
I don't know what's up.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
Actually, I gave up on the Republicans, when I saw that they were stuck on the past and couldn't adapt
good!
And Sweet, that sucker is SO machine washable that you should just throw it on now  just no chlorine!
:
Sings at top of lungs Nevermind I'll find someone like yoooooouu....
yes.
East Loop gang.
Summer is the best.
Kms because tired.
Hey thanks for saving my dads life today
I figured as much, that's why I already have an excuse :P
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire and we can burn brighter than the sun 3
Pink is not just a color its an attitude!
Have to figure out what books to download for my California trip next week.
Plane read suggestions?
Something light and escapeish :
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are vastly more approaches of being dead, or instead not alive.
It would appear Marchand's playoff beastliness wasn't a fluke...
kid can flat out play.
anyone know the best place to report a facebook bug?
found a bug in their iOS app on iPhone
That was a good post.
I often wonder about protecting my son from disappointment/hurt and how that will impact him later.
Thx
question of the night can you chainsaw inside?
Tonight at The Gramercy is playing with and
an old Richard doctoryfus
.
's doctormmer looks like From Chuck.
So you see, it comes full circle.

I was so angry w/ them when they let Harry Smith  Dave Price go, for last year's fiasco  but this year CBS is really good
What up GSTEEEEEEEEZERS
I'm sorry but I go to take a shower :/ So I think you're gonna sleep..
But we can speak tomorrow??????
:D
I will be at the Locker Room tonight from 91 with Madtown Sound for a Karaoke show.
Come on down!!
Check your credit at least once a year  every six months, if possible.Never use your personal identification number, or PIN, in public.
sometimes, i blame my daddy for the way we turned out.
i hope my friend doesn't forget to give me her CURLING WAND
don't say that.
You have to try harder.
Music industry is difficult.
Your day will come.
Hangin w/the wrong people.
What a beautiful day to be in SanDiego!
RT Enjoying the IBEW Broadcasting  Telecomm Conf  beautiful Hyatt Regency Mission Bay!
yo im fuckin mad my phone is off and my mother cant pay it until tommarow im going to die without my phone
Screw the peanuts and cracker jacks...buy me a beer!
Ah yes, Unicorn, I wondered what that sharp thing was that kept poking me....
RT : One of the OldWhiteDudes is whistling in his cubicle.
I wish I had a rocket launcher.
I wish I had one right now.
Its gonna rain on us :
Hopefully I get to see the 4th quarter.
Talk about greedy, I'd settle for 80.
So whats next 80000 FB friends.
Well these days its possible as one can buy em.
thx, been looking forward to it for months, love that town
oh my goodness!
Yes!
Jersey Friday!
MURFC Faithful, look forward to seeing ruggers walking to and from KingField in any and all sorts of sports jerseys
Feeling panicky while scrambling to write two papers due very soonThe Long Goodbye is the perfect soundtrack to destress.
hey, I love you blush blush
booth looks great
Well.
I will be at SMC tonight.
You going?
So tired and sleepy!
Heading home..
What you doing put here?RT Exit 44 Lithia Springs!!!
Hey Goodmorning!!
Merde to my friends Florian and Valerie on their MFA concerts tonight!
C u there
Hey thanks for the retweets!
You Rock!
: I'm looking bout sad as hell now.
Lol
I can't believe that its barly TUESDAY I wish I got out of school more earlier ....but no I have to wait til May 24,2012 ...only 7 more days
Had a ball wit my husband and day fam last night!
Did you get those pants on sale ?
Cause they're 100 off at my place ;D
YOUNG MONEY!!
RT
I feel like I just got out of a European rave!
And it was AWESOME!
Done and done.
Who's poised to win on your MarchMadness bracket?
Soon.
KJS and I were just talking about it.
Will be in touch.
Highly, highly recommend Abaco, Bahamas for a lovely getaway.
Can't get over how beautiful and unspoiled it is.
Getting ready to see Rude Mechs' The Method Gun tonight  !
: Well, at least you're still moving forward.
That's the strongest thing we can do when facing challenges.
Oh well, didn't see my tweets, but I will still help him trend!
He is amazing!!!
Guess I'm just too old school and also stayed in Belgium too long, loved getting tangled up in all that hair.
: If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy.
Right.
Write...
working.
It's working right?
Right.
Any resources for writing something of consequence in radio ads?
YouTube is now the 2nd largest search engine in the US behind only goggle.
But it only manages 25 of the videos watched.
Plane ticket to ala12 booked.

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
ok I can't be the only one with a dirty mind?!
That word is sexual.
Q4 Always looked at opps to improve skill sets as a perk  Such as presentation skills, proposal development, etc.
A smithicks, a harp, now a guiness black good start to the day!
so did I make the list.
hahahahaha oh there will be plenty of talk left for Tuesday.
Or come to Jess's now too!!
It's good!
Cold right now.
How have you been?
yeah you right.
I'm mortified!!!
Lmbo!!
Today is the perfect day to sit outside and read a great book!
As a child, what was your favorite book?
Hiccups.
Nice.
SheRa on Netflix means me taking a long break from working on my songs ;
Aight meet u there at 915
OH: Don't hate on us married men  we make the best boyfriends.
Austin's going to start traveling all over the world for concerts.
And you said he couldn't make it, look at him now.
Got my bluray of Underwear Awakening today!
ThoughtsWhileRunning What made me do this
Snuggled up in book order, reading Library Journal and buying books.
It's like getting to give presents to 325,000 people every day.
FTW!
We've got Buy2,Get1FREE on hundoctords of items from Matrix, Sebastian, Wella, TIGI, Nioxin, and others!
But, it won't last long!
We are currently in the planning stages of this event, please keep us in your prayers.
Thank You
Thanks 4 your support this week!
48 hours with out a phone this is probly hard for you
: shoot me an email lets work
which type?
kicking ass and taking names :
Call your imagination into being.
great tweet Richie Righteous!
Man, I wish I was more like you :
Did you have Wisconsin losing today?
hahahaha I can so imagine that
Ok I was told you was the best lol  O r u now???
Well got chu lol
for 9 yrs no matter wat.
hope you made it back to NYC safely!
Great hanging with you at
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy.
Showers with a chance of thunderstorms in the evening.
Then a chance of showers...
: You don't bring me dead flowers anymore.
My fingers are too fat for this keyboard 
get it in
I still say that was a mean thing to call
sweet doctoram 4real
i think i promised you that too!
Dont worry!
We wont!!
We have too many new songs that we are in love with ;
I wanna wash skyscraper windows in NYC  said by no one ever
lol nah he a little coward and doesn't know how to act.
so so so so inappropriate in so many ways
Last sports tweet before Mavs/Heat: Canucks owner has church rally in his arena.
everyone prays for Sedin's head.
that's what I hear, work with what you have, fake it till you make it
Yo Fang!
dinner needs to be more exciting or send a discretion if you are tweeting about it.
:.
Much love!
thanks Kevin!
check out some other songs of ours at facebook.com/theshakeband.
we're releasing a couple newbies in a few weeks too
OneThingImSureOf...You're everything I want
nice seeing you from a far at leasat.
Hopefully next time I won't be in such a hurry.
Back from Long Island.
:D Did a lotta cleaning.
time to do last minute hw cuz school starts wednesday :
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Just had my weekly midlife crisis.
omfb , i love your tweets .
please follow me back ?
:
Pleasantly surprised to see A Trip Down Market Street in the Stein exhibit at Restoration/preservation by
Andy.
You better not be lying.
Please do it later so the people at school can watch!
Yeah move on..
It's written all over your face!!
Oh, Eli Manning...
Really?
Go home, little boy.
Yes.
: Let me see if I still have your number...
Is it the same?
Hey Joey thank you so much for the follow!xD Ashley:
DM back!
:D
Another spammer just unfollowed.
Saw Something Corporate in '04  it was epic.
Off to have epic deja vu w/
Your gonna have 1,000 fans by the end of this day ...
I betcha!
;
Celebrating the centennial of GirlScouts by eating some delicious Girl Scout cookies.
Waking up at 5am should be illegal.
What is the timeframe you are looking to have final files in hand for brochure, web production, etc?
why are you following people?
Super Bowl Prediction: NY Giants 34  New England Patriots 21
The 311 show rocked faces last night  now it's our turn  TONIGHT!
the VOUS!
Dsoedean!
see you there.
You mad?
STAY MAD?
;
well shit girl you know that I can't go single!
An I don't think it would be too much for Cous lol I'd chill like Pauly D!
new website idea: the x factor where contestants sing in the nude......and then they hump
Apparently u can get a life changing snow cone for a 1 from some random UC students.
Ha so stupid...........
I think I need one
Forever Alone
thanks bro
cool.
If y'all can rock with it cool but if not I got more
such a wonderful idea!
Thanks so much for including me: xo
Glad you will be joining my CMLbookchat tonight at 7PM EST.
Get ready to get your scare on.
It's all about chills and thrills.
thanks so much for listening!
I can't imagine losing my mom so my prayers go out to Bobby Christina cause I can only imagine what it's like when ur mom is Whitney Houston
Call me, come on I am waiting.
Today is the day would never notice me like all the other days :
Great job Knicks!
They avoid the sweep!
is my best friend because he gave me 32 cents.
slutty and crazy.
worst combo ever.
So wasup y'all?
Any one going to watch Project X tonight?
Happy 10th birthday, !
happy bday isabelle!
you rock and please follow me back.
like that K.R.I.T.
mixtape u put out...track 2 JAMMIN!!!
Going on in 5.
Fireworks were kindaa amazing, all in amazing company 3
Thanks Jodi!
Trying to do things a bit differently...
hope to see you soon chris, love you3
One thing that has taught me this week  When it comes to our Bears, the orange C always comes first.
And I am telling you that I'm not going, you're the best friend I'll ever know, and there's no way I could ever go.
One hell of a race guys
Thank God for a new day!!
THIS IS NOT A doctorSS REHEARSAL!
This is IT!
TCunningham So let's join hands, seize the day with a smile and genuine heart to do good.
Smart phones are hand held computers that can also make phone calls.
HA!
you are full of good ideas!
i hope PMP aggregates a nice open dataset that can be exposed through existing tools so all can play
Everyone who follows after this tweet will get a follow back!
Follow each other to gain more!
new chapter: hahaha
Recipe development starts now.
hey girl!!
How's the scene your way?
europedotcoop, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Friday is gonna be dope.
Things getting back to normal somewhat after Alex braking his leg on Thurs.
learning to crawl in cast.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford
You guys are awesome!
:
hi bella!
Even though you aren't in Baltimore anymore, will you miss the Ravens/Steelers games?
OMG I thought for sure you we weren't going to find that funny n curse me out.
Lol.
Can I get a follow n a s/o?
I think they put out these reports to discourage visitors but anyone who can walk down can see beach is open and in use.
Links about the occupy movement.
Is your article there?
We here at MtIda think the Madagascar penguins were inspired by the marypoppins penguins.
i agree w/this
After a long night of rock and roll i like to shorten my lifespan by consuming george webb.
Am i alone in this pursuit?
no worries!
I've been lagging too!
You know what, I'm really liking it!
Watch it next time!
What torn ligament?
Kobe has scores 40 once again
im sure u do love him lol Faye is my second favorite.
She's beautiful and funny too lol :D
Personal confession: I both envy and pity a person who can believe in a God outside of themselves.
Guess that's my cross to bear!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Looks like there could have been some hacking on the food dude twitter, if I find the culprits you can guarantee they will get many lashes!
pizza hut b hitting
Life is SO much better when you stop caring what people think about you .
,
Indoor farm is alive and well.
Cant wait for the first mature heads of baseball size butter head lettuce.
Watch our facebook.
Two weeks
I wish I was Annabeth!
Her eyes are like so pretty.
I'm about to get some gummy bears,
No tellin with Skip.
That's something I want to ask him one day.
: oh wait.
after reading your heartfelt comment, my comment about turtle soup seems insensitive.
How was ur trip!?
:
English teacher talks of how flannels arnt sexy ha
Defense out of position on 3rd down.
WR doctorp the ball, TO in redone this is the bullshit.
I can't flip my hair anymore :
I get it how i live it.
Fast life
If loving 5Guys is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
Thx Nick's Dad's gf!
They also went to visit the University of Chicago this afternoon 239DaysLive
Haven't watched either play much, but savvier Laker fans than I are stoked about the potential of Beasley  Sessions, so thumbs up, Mitch.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
At the south campus diner this guy playing the sax goes ham
Rain is finally moving in..
will let you know if it's going to be a rough morning commute..
Microclimate Forecast on
For a sublime Saturday, join on 2/11 for their Valentine's and R Rose Release Party.
We're Ready!
8644600
this wasn't on Twitter, it was at home.
I was close to being condemed no social life at all.
Anyone else wonder why your phone seems to ring longer than usual when you are ignoring it??
Memories are the most beautiful pictures our minds can paint, and nothing can ever erase them.
MT Kevin Costner's speech was not only..for Whitney but a testimony of a man who had the courage to stand against biased Hollywood
My observations of Ryan Braun have nothing to do with his current struggles at the plate.
Just making a physical observation.
can we get updated doctorft lists online anytime soon?
Thx
Yep Gallery injured leg then held next play negating a first down then whiffs the DE play after that
dont know either that well to have true fave, but after watching Barcelona game other day, impressed with Chelsea goalie.
Of course!
And somewhere in Rhode Island a man known as Tim O'Shea is cursing all of those who call themselves Bobcats
you heard my traks??
Best to Golden Globes winner Iranian film 'A Separation' at
...were there and seemed not quite in the category
I don't know why people are hostile by default.
you should follow
Your wristbands have free shipping now.
It will come up as free shipping in checkout but not shopping cart yet.
T'Wolves  NJ...Live!
Everyone on the Nets is named Williams
I am kind of afraid to reply to messages now or to click on links.
Not sure what to do or not do.
All I can think to do is to talk about it.
For example, the SC2 player in question often live streams his games to audiences averaging 2500 people each day.
Very public.
A random lady just asked me for fashion advice at the mall.....
Late start, mass, 25 min classes, and I'm leaving at 2, and the best part I don't have to take the rem quiz!
lml:D
That's so cute that you watch another make up girl's videos!
I just watched the Collin make over, LOL!
:
I men has a fetish for shoes :o normal?
I dont think so but we love him do mug
By boldly committing to choices in the room, the postaud walk allows different intriguing ideas to arise but not shouldahadaV8s.
Bliss!
What Do I Get When I Try To Clean Up.?
A Lost Earring  Ain Gon Never Find Again Hopefully Thats The Last Thing I Lose
HEY!!!!!
i just mentioned them.
not by name, but..
hey can you get him a clip?
any chance??
Why was it so hard to just ask for your bag back?
I don't think it would have gotten physical if you stood up for yourself.
U?
Woodland Hills Taft, emerging as the City Section Division I title favorite
DM me your addoctorss and I will send one out tomorrow :
wanna hear it
Vocals are done!
:D
my obnoxious neighbor is moving 
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: David Lazarus Jr Rising 10th Washington, MI Travel Team: Michigan Hurricanes Point Guard 510
LOUD listening to Travis porter
Playing Music in the Grove tonight in New Windsor from 79.Come check us out!
Great to see at RIT event last night!
Likewise Jennifer!
Thanks to you for been here!
Blessings :
well there you go.
Spent 20 hours on a plane so far.
One left, after 4 more in the Vancouver airport.
What I like about Bogart is that he's so ugly.
I've never liked pretty men.
Fran Walker, The Only Game in Town
Fudge it.
I'm gonna be in Hodges until the end of this freaking semester.
interested in teaching English at home or abroad ?sign up for our Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate Course.
ideaseconomy: Corporate world in 2050  water, software, internet banking, sov wealth, Chinese autos, pharma mergers, education
Yeah!!!
RT : Just won 100 being caller 12 for 's Workplace Payoff!
Thanks guys!
Thinking about attending RootsTech but not thrilled about flying from warm Florida to cold/snowy SLC in February :
haha looks awesome!
Successful weight loss can only come when someone is as determined mentally as they are physically.
It takes a complete investment!
Okay, I'm done tweeting sweet yumminess!
My apologies!
G'night everyone!
the book Unwind
Fantastic meeting you last night at TAN!
I'm inspired!
Woohoo HEAT!!!
Nice shot BOSH!!!
Weakness dwells in the mind.
not in the body.
I get to see my bae today!
I'm excited!
He work all dha dam time!
go for it!!!!!
At TRAVAIL we salute you x
Even when you think I'm not paying attention, or didn't hear or see you, I did
I CANT STAND WATCHING SCARY MOVIES CUZ THE TV WANT LISTEN TO ME!!!!
Thanks Beth!
Boiler up.
RT : Sign up for and save  on golf!!
:
Just ran my first 5K.
Discover the K stands for how many times you say Kill me please per mile.
we couldn't see.
No replay here either.
Smfh.
Cunts
Talk about lifechanging moment.
Glad to see you on line, Gene.
Trust the week went well.
Very interested in your feedback on ECET2 survey.
i'm not a fan of wine, and i don't have a moustache :P x
1 month already she cries!!
Can't Wait For The Video, You're Friggin' Hilarious!!!!!
:D
SO EXCITED!!!
PreSale should be up for my album REACH THE SKY by tomorrow!!!
Thank you for all your support!!!
Been banging on the Windows8 consumer preview over the weekend.
My opinion: it's a step back from the Windows8 Dev Preview.
UI Designers, we are looking for our first designer.
A lot of responsibility for the right person.
professortable SaaS startup
I love these!
Also doing this in unused phone booths in NYC!
You should go see The Cabin in The Woods though.
Its really good.
Its obvious who is gone die first, hate horror films like this, next...
There may be a tour in feb.
Denton is one of the stops.
Love your tips/tricks and insight.
Would love to pick your brain for 10 minutes!
Ever get out of work so late and you can't wait to go home but when you get there you can't sleep....
Crap 
hahaha sounds like a cool thing to do 
She gave him jungle worms
Can Someone Give Me Their  So I Can Send them a Pic I Want For My Icon??
:
Is it really fire season again?
We can counteract the poison of meanness by remembering who we are in Gods eyes.
I am excellent in the sight of God and so are you
Ack, all these public flock thank yous are bogging down my feed.
DM the new followers merhaps?
I Hate puttin ppl in my buisness but I dont like hiding things from my ppl they textin me like crazy
I would like to meet media scholar John Merrill.
get down there and put it on Mario Chalmers and MIA like our man did yesterday!
I dare somebody to call the Spurs' bench scrubs.
how?
I said I'm going to the gym.
I actually go unlike you
that sucks guys.
i am speaking to you
Thanks.
Those poor nurses though!
lol
I can't wait for that 1v1 matchup!
mm love the song by this group called subway let me be yo dire
Github rolled out their UI updates again.
Now they look like Bitbucket
simple chicken recipes simple sticky lemon tarragon doctormsticks simple recipes dinner ideas family dinner
Would LOVE to see Pauline Maki do a talk.
She is killing the audience at with her talk Her Brain on Estrogen
It's not enough.
Reminder: Register for today's 1pm User Group featuring  GwyneddMercy College's Help Desk services showcase!
LMAO!
...
and what's worse!
I responded to it, explaining myself.
I'm full of useless info that occasionally becomes useful!
only make moves when your heart is in it
Many thanks, Carole and thank you for your early support of BENT ROAD.
My taste buds are totally in New Orleans
tells 2012 graduates that he was a WONK before Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg made it cool to be one
it's on NBC lol
how is the shifting going for you?
that is the creepiest fountain in all of Seattle.
RT : makes a surprise video appearnce w/ at ilshrm10.
not a surprise, but very disappointed all the same
RT Big up all the djs let's get it !
Its 5 oclk let's
Haha u look amazing.that guy look hot to.but u r amazing.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Don't be easy, be WORTH IT...
If they want you, they would accept the challenge.
Good TGIF Morning, You have a good Open House this weekends!
My life never goes as expected...it goes way better!
So happy today!
he will b4 the CAVS that's 4sho
brewpitch what is the difference of bitraider and the Steam/Valve gaming platform ?
.
invested in forprofessort NeighborGoods because they saw its potential to connect ppl and potential application to its work
I've never wanted someone as bad as I do right now.
Still achy from carrying too much at once on Sunday followed by 3 hours on the risers last night.
Landau performs on city auditorium stage  Bluefield Daily Telegraph
The Bellmen want to play at Hole in the Wall.
Happy Hallows Everyone
Alright, I'm looking for a lightweight, 3/4 sleeve, big girl blazer....where are my fellow
I'd settle for just a Taco Bell if y'all had more working power outlets...25 battery on a 6hour flight?
You do the math
agreed RIPMCA You made us all Party while you were here!
Lakers blown out!
I smell a rivalry in the air!
is ready to get out of town, but I just don't think it'll happen this weekend.
Sigh.
Staycation, anyone?
you were great thanks for bein there!!
it means everyone is entitled to their own view lol
Sorry to hear about the problem w/your site.
Please follow  so we can DM additional info CH
I can never remember how to spell fellatio.
Amazing!
Four full days of unbelievable food, wine, cocktails, and music.
You should go next year!
Hi , it's been too long!
Hope you and Nathen are well.
He needs to be brought back to the show.
He invited BoomerCarton to the RB/Galaxy game.
What is your favorite UWM Grind location?
Any reason in particular?
I SAW U I SAW U I SAW ISAW U!!!!
lol
Thanks to the Internet, every week is Shark Week.
basura you love me!
With or without my fanciness
I like that
I wonder if Outside Lands is going to have any surprise holograms like Cliff Burton of Metallica to emulate the success of Tupac.
Ready to kick 2010 to the curb.
And set my sites on 2011, which is already shaping up to be an incredible year.
: listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 2
I'm on a roll and finished module 11 of 17 in the DMA Certification Program.
My head hurts!
I think my oldest cat is going blind.
Both her pupils are dilated and they don't respond to light.
She is afraid to even move.
Its quite sad
Just putting it out there.
If you need to take a picture of yourself, consider taking it in our Poetry Booth out front.
The red really pops.
Just delivered a gift family portrait session!
Someone is getting Balance in their stocking for Christmas!
NeverShouldYouEver lead someone on..
You're beautifuller  :
I cannot focus today.
40 Verona and we're not even halfway through the 2nd period.
Technological advances at Norwell Middle School
Slowly went away after I got a free glass of merlot, a bottle of champagne and an avocado!
obviously, but i wouldnt know cause im not a ginger..
oh my gosh i havent been on twitter in forever!
lol love all my followers yall never fail to provide me with funny tweets : 3
RT : The best thing about being a teacher is it matters.
The hardest thing is that it matters every day.
It's so nice to be downtown for a change.
:
this Thursday, I'll be performing at and eating the best food in town thanks to !!
I can't wait!
pool, gaming, go!
if I could go anywhere in the world I would go to Canada!!!:
Just effing lower the doctornking age already, so kids stop worrying about getting caught doctornking by parents of the police and call for help.
I had to unfollow Paula Deen because she was unwilling to spell things correctly.
already following you Keith!!
he's not a licker, he's a sniffer
I'm down whenever holla at me bro!
I'm Listening ' Jus Heard Him Mention Austin!!
3' E.
Sitting on my friend's couch with a guy who used to hate me .
I guess he doesn't hate me anymore ?
Thanks for the conversation today!
I'm so glad to connect with you and look forward to telling your story on
I'm so tired of this  weather, it need to hurry up m get hot n .
U already know!!
Bong!
Nice words my friends.
Bluray is good!
RT : Ride The Divide is rad...double rad on BluRay :
Hope you are doing well, so happy to see all the great work you are doing.
Say hi to the family from the Leas'
Have a safe trip.
We will be tweeting every 5th application.
I ain't one to brag, but I'm pretty sure I'm smarter than everyone reading this tweet
morrning!
ah.
spring break!
Proofreading another student's paper doctorft  fun way to learn and help out at the same time...a good way to end the week
If you think you need to take the edge off, you may be missing the point.
Recovery starting to show in RealEstate mkts hit first by recession such as Arizona etc.
Good sign now job mkt needs improvement
I watch The Karate kid is to listen to Never Say Never by my sexy man he a sexy ass 17 yr old too Sexyness much BIEBZ
Ok, I'll get it to u this week..most likely tomorrow.
When is the tour coming to the ATL?
She said it makes me so sad I gotta leave you alone
I went to the game
Watching 'Hobo with a shotgun' this movie is so bad it's good
What are you all up to this Friday night?
Now I need boxerlike actors for THIS Thursday!!
Anyone free??
Jealous RT: Can't wait to hear speak at the UMNGraduation today!
Thanks Rod.
Best of luck on your coaching search.
Get a good one.
The MWC needs you guys back on the rise.
Media wont blast Dwight for shooting a gun in a commercial like they did Kobe b/c Dwight isn't a famous rapist with 5 rings..hes just corny
Minor headache and cant get to sleep
tell us what you think of our designs
If true love makes me a faggot, then I'm a faggot.
Nick.
I love him3
GAGAGAGAGA!
for braunie.
that's what we the business call the dagger.
Enjoy!!
I'm with you girlfriend...
I feature yummy things and great recipes :
US urges Tehran to free Bahai leaders
EmailMarketing Tip 19: at signup, define what's in it for the recipient.
Content, frequency, savings   then DELIVER!...
Thanks.
We will be sure to give you credit.
:
I survived an entire weekend in the woods.
Without internet.
Or cell reception.
did I win the FB work up yet?
Hahaha!
Happy Birthday, Gator : Waking up at 4:10 on 4/10...
Of course.
Happy birthday to me
I'd tell you I miss you, but it wouldn't change anything.
Baby, rain or shine, all the time.
I wonder if is still going to do jasminator of the week its been long she hasnt choosen one :o
Is anyone doing live coverage of the MetGala?
Yes, and judges cannot make decisions based on an unequal history of discrimination against Autistic disabled people.
I'll keep an open ear tomorrow at the run!
6:15, Sulivan Cnyn in Beentwood if ya wanna join!
Here's to making new friends and making better friends with old ones.
u thought wins are what mattered in regards to brews outplaying rigers
: Adele: Don't look at me like that, like I'm damaged goods.
I'm still me.
I'm still here.
AH
It will be hard for you to be as hatefilled as Rosen, unless you share her antiwoman views.
I need sum wake and bake like a.s.a.p
On LANL air quality data; when will it be public?
Day to day metrics to be made available?
RT : Rep.
Heck withdoctorws his second degree amendment.
That was you?
Sorry, next time I'll switch off.
;
Best show on TV :
I wish there was an app that would tell you when you're singing out loud w/ your headphones on.
Like a shock collar of sorts.
I'm expanding my HTML vocabulary
hahaha, thank you;
Fair enough :
right now, it sounds as if the data re:on/offline connection is ambiguous  cant leave it at that!
Excited to receive my package from today!
Locker Room Gift from Ersan Ilyasova
Really sorry mate...things are mad here!
Are u already testing our iPhone app?
If not send me your UDID  I'll set you up!
We had some anniversaries last week that were missed: Lisa W with two years and Rick D with one year.
Congrats to you both!
WIN HAWKS BOX TIX  REDEEM 1 BARTAB doctorNK TO ENTER
People Need To Get A Life And Stop Hating On !!!
She's Really Nice!: I Love You3 :D ForeverAWrighter :
remember when you pounded two bottles of Kombucha because I told you it cures hangovers?
Good times.
Hahahaha, no problem, I'll hold your hair ;
Um, Mars?
Guam?
The North Pole?
RT : If Khloe  I take a city what city should it be???
OMG I KNOW!!!
RT customer service blows.
I hate you for ruining Palm.
yeeeeaaaa!
candy.
M :D while watching childoctorn swing lololol.
Sorry, Everybody!
I'm not a whiner  I just got hacked.
wondering how you did your content aggregating .
I'd love to pick your brain.
Thanks to Ben Ramirez I for helping nuestra causa!
See you on Saturday!
keep it
no im not lol
dallas dallas dallas oh how i loathe you.
.
.
However, a king sized suite does make it more tolerable!
:
Singing BABY COME BACK, YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME when you realize that has FINALLY left TEXAS!
:'/
If you hover over his picture there is a gear icon.
click that and a doctorpdown appears with a follow option.
I had to look 
I RULE.
/O'Doyle'd
Morning session is over!
Now for a quick field trip to Tolomato before lunch.
A treat unique to this workshop!
I think I can relate to this trend...
lol your welcome, enjoy!
a boyfriend...
O.o
i can already tell that my summer is going to be dominated by and Not a bad way to spend the warmer months.
thanks for the follow!
keep up the good work!
:
thanks for following us Brittany
I feel bad for mississippi ....
What happend to misterssippi ?
Hahahah .
I am at catholic HS now.
Judge says 12 people so far.
Let's hope people get here soon!
As a Muslim Entrepreneur, what ways are you marketing to the Muslim demographic?
I wish Tebow good luck.
I also feel for the Jets fans who haven't yet realized is going to portray them as crazy idiots.
ok thanks.
Any other ideas?
RT going to start my strict exercise and diet regime today!
im watching the same movie....
pinterest ladies night out w fashion show, food, jewelry and design, and craft demos.
Live pinning by plus music
I believe it.
My wife is en route to KC for Radiohead/Other Lives show with another man I approve.
Have fun kids!
Music touches us on every level, congrates to Ludavig Bource for Best Original Score!!!
was happening???
My gr8 gparents r from ireland o i cant wait to go there and see it all!!!!
Thanks for following!
I'm sure I'll provide you with plenty of runon sentences!
;
Just bought my first Kindle book on with one click!
you should spend a little  and get your own website..
But I'll watch this tomorrow.
I'm exhausted.
X
It's not really him.
: Usually don't see 1k/retweet RT donating 1000 to Exxon Mobil Foundation for each RT
Girls rugby: Canby trails Beaverton 100 at half in rematch of last yr's state title game.
Plus a Canby player was mooned in a scrum.
Oops.
People make mistakes and a lot of the time you won't ever hear an apology.
Forgive them anyways.
Don't hold onto unnecessary weights.
Best Studio Recording Engineer in NC.
Don't sound like a newbie, Get quality music every time.
RT for free studio time  New Clients only.
You make errors, that's what happens !
Bo!
You guys, I remembered two things.
In a row!
Yay, me.

You don't really know a person until you know them both rich and broke.
i am feeling pressured to entertain my 8 followers.
Watching Fitzcarraldo and packalacking
I dont want a relation where people say they look so cute together.
I need a relation where people say, Look how happy they are together.
What a beautiful morning!:
Spinning truths and out of control into selfdestruction.
Guy in front of me is playing an imaginary set of doctorms..he's really getting into it...lol
Confirmed!
See you tonight!
thank you and likewise
I 3 you Nanette!
: RT : Stopped by blogathonatx for a second just to say hi and see ma peeps!
Visit us in Old Town today for a delicious lunch.
Complimentary Tater Tots on the house!
Def about to hang out with Jenks from world of jenks.
Talk about a list.
Meep.
SustUnbound Lane posits Marxism as converse of negligibility
there are parties interested in using it in a Oxfordproduced documentary series on archaeological methodology!
I have official angered myself over my own misuse of grammar and proper spelling, Argh!
yeah, I heard you guys had a good service.
Wish we could've been there
Just when you think your life's a mess...just google Axl Rose, man that dude is bitter.
Guess he never found Paradise City.
Ima landlord,he a tenant.
Give us a follow so we can DM you details about your winnings.
Thanks!
Got owned by my AME midterm...grrr.
I want to doctornk wine I want to bathe in.
:
haha yeah, it was a good day :
Oh terry you silly boy
GIVE YOUR MOTHER A KISS AND TELL HER THAT YOU LOVE HER
Aberdeen's hiring
: Hot dogs gross me out.RT say what?
I feel like I had to tag my last tweet as not sarcastic so I don't get berated by a random barista like at Spyhouse.
My wife and I were able to chat w/ for a bit this morning  I can honestly say he's one of the nicest people I've ever met!
Philadelphia rated 1 in culture, but only behind Detroit and Cleveland in true unemployment.
: Ask them if they know Craigers from Phi Chi.
or Theta Cotti
My pleasure.Your photos remind me of days spent hiking and exploring Mt.Desert Island.
Sweet memories.
I choose to be neutral.
I am Switzerland.
When I wake up from a good doctoram  cant go back to sleep, I continue it in my head.
Celebrate Labor Day with new Sound Design Themes!
Up now on productionvault!
Thank you!!
RT : FF More great partners:
No matter how hard I try my heart can't tell you no
tell us how you really feel
The Market starts in ONE WEEK!!!
Get booked and ready!
To get discounts and tickets/ exhibitor info visit, theHomeandGardenMarket.com
Good luck in your new digs!
You might see our ROC startup out that way later this year so keep your eyes peeled!
All the best to as he heads to Golden State.
Bloke was one of nicest guys to deal with.
Hope he gets and stays healthy.
yeah and i look really freakin cute!
lmao
Awesome to see a see a CEO presenting the value genotyping and sequencing to improve treatment of patient in St.
Jude's
wondering if I can assign Arthur Mervyn in an lowerdivision gen.
ed.
course.
Pessimistic.
BOGO half off on edibles ALL day at Farm Associated!!!
I feel ya homie!!
Is it a hell of a day to do all 3!
Paul Harvey...Good Day...and Goodbye.
how is the miz the guy who's gassed?
Still
Love you Mama: 3
thanks for sharing and visiting our website!
:
well, yeah.
But maybe he's Eric Clapton instead, and can go from Derek  the Dominoes to Cream?
Or something, this hurts.
Acoustic show is weeks away!!!
Come out and support the awkward Play his shitty love songs
Beez in the trap goes so ham
Sendin' you condolences and strength sir.
oh it was just a noise complaint at a friends.
Gotta love Beyonce blaring at 3am.
Car sex or outdoors sex?
New buildings should just build in iPod chargers into the outlets.
They would always be used.
Private relationship lasts LONGER
Lady Antebellum is a dude?
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
in in GA lol won't be in Portland till September!
I can't because my Gevey didn't come in yet.
Because I got the iPhone 4S.
Thanks for the follow Kelsey :D xoxo
You gotta act like a woman,  think like a man
germ factory..bout to go.
hmm can i tweet doctorve...naw not gone try it...imasafedoctorver :
I hate when I have to download the new version of iTunes on my computer.
we want to create another blog for a district initiative.
Which themes give you the most flexibility?
Fig and olive...how bout suck and olive  kardashians get a better table than we do
everytime i see girls from jersey like  i loose self confidence!
why do girls from jersey have 2 b so damn pretty
Thanks Ruth.
You Always make me chuckle and think!
Have a great Saturday!
Heyy alyson , have a great weekend :
Next Dan Marino.
He got a future, unlike Miss Cleo.
I'm tempted to post a picture of my scary looking blisters but I think I'd lose all my followers.
And then get some strange new ones.
Great practice this morning with all the guys.
Got two more practices with seperate groups at 7 and 9.
Time to get after it.
RT : Culture is bigger than politics.
Politics are a part of culture.
Jim Leach
Skies will clear tonight and temperatures will be chilly.
But for those with a long weekend, Presidents' Day looks nice!
Curent American flag in City Council chambers is tattered.
Appreciate Congressman Hansen Clarke and his office for providing new flag.
i hope...
In his remaining contract idk maybe if the yanks resign him after this contract
Goodbye, Zelda.
You had the mojo, baby.
RIP.
imagine justin tweeted me.
i think i would've been dead already.
Quinn's not really lying!
It's not like she's gonna dance a jig!
The Scarlet Letter is a horrible book.
thanks for the follow :
:o they just came out with girl's axe.
Make that 2 turnovers :
was today your first day at lely?
Search, social, and good ol' wordofmouth!
We have a great franchise web/mktg platform!
DM me for more!
We'll have to all go dancing something ha or just make up some moves n mess around at home ha
Haha I hear ya.
Just stay on them.
A little tip call backs affects bonuses, so let them know you will call back asap if not fixed
tons of rain
Why I thought I should go grocery shopping at midnight..
Smh smh!!
But yaayy for groceries lol
Day of rest and relaxation, take a hour to check your credit score and review your finances.
Good Luck Floyd Mayweather
Good Morning cat didn't let me sleep in on my day off
follow back?
I was listing you and accidentally blocked you lol :P
Also if anywhere possible, you vs.
or you vs.
Mom learning how to use doctorw Something for the first time...
will be at gman at 5.
my friend bustamante also coming.
lol I know what you mean I'm on 18 :
I'll cross my fingers too!
don't you mean summer bc we've skipped spring with these temps!
Lol
TimeManagementNinja Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
super shuttle probably, tho I've heard rumors of a disney/lax shuttle...
Aint you always Smh Hurry yo ass up and get home LBS
I think many more museums will have CIOs and technology directors.
let's hope I find parking:/
Calling all DC reviewers!
Want your content featured on more than just Yelp?
and let us know...
Ur work could be on our site!
It's stupid how excited I am about a subscription to the OED.
man, this classical singer article sure does make me sound like I know what I'm talking about.
I Wanna Get An iPhone 4s Just So I Can Tell Siri FUCK YOU!
YOU BITCH!
And See What Happens :
Out of town last weekend.
Happily at home this weekend.
Am in happy place making BalanceLady Designs before tax season begins.
Time to self!
Wow 'Skins fans  unless RGB3 pulls a Cam Newton, get ready, because your team is going to suck for a while.
Thank you!
Yay, Rhode Island and Vermont librarians!
Curious if O.J.
will be nominated in a state I've never lived in...
Thank you for having us on the show yesterday!
We had so much fun!
:
Nothing will work unless you do
play ftbl like its' hockey ...
Austin or bust!
Is BillMaher selfimmolating?
Insult against Southern voters even turned off Roseanne Barr!
that works : .
What time ?
it's not getting any cleaner from my feet.
RT : I wish Bristol could find me a real family instead of these 2 awful dads I'm with.
Maybe parents like her  Levi if I'm lucky!
Hey, it looks like we're having an issue in Ames too.
89.5 packet loss communicating with router 173.30.16.1 57 packets.
Just woken up feel like death:
Awesome collection!!
Wow, Avengers was pretty cool.
Joss Whedon totally rocks!
So proud of him.
Loved his work for over a decade.
Feels like he is my friend.
Ah you just made my heart jump!!!!!!
I love when someone you crushed on last year back in September just admitted they like you
really fuckin irritated but fuck it!...
Hi!
Delayed reaction.
How's paleo going beyond the first week?
Being John Malcovich is messed up.
I can do this I can do this I can do this
I wonder how many of my followers actually read my tweets...
Hm.
Favorite part of the mnleg : Legislators think millions of Minnesotans are watching floor sessions in the middle of the day.
Do You Think Your Better Off Alone..?
It is interesting to read that no one is talking about the hold on the facebookipo after a interesting first two hours.
low blow kyle.
I have been reading the second hunger games book like all day haha I can't stop
Chardon shooting suspect, TJ Lane, found competent to stand trial.
I'm live with the story on at 5  6.
RT : St pattys day and me goin in at THIS SATURDAY!
FREE SHOW!
LET'S doctorNK GREEN BEER!
Excited for PLENRWL call now with Marie Wilson, Founder of a truly inspirational woman who has opened doors for us all
Bravo bravo bravo bravo
Sure did!
I've been trying to post a video from it all day.
Ask me questions guys go ahead ask me questions I am so bored!!!!!!
So tweet me ask me questions ect.
Go!!!
Who wants to txt me?
Im bored
On the way to The Cleve to celebrate Shep's birthday at GLBC then on to The Jake for the Sox and Tribe game.
Furcal has played very well as of late and it hurts more that yuni is currently struggling to nicely put it.
happy birthday to my idol 3
Want to know  Show Some Love?Special thanks 2our Board of Doers, Fusion2012 Volunteers who are making this event possible!
I'm hiding in the bathroom.
Confessions of a carbaholic: if carbs are so bad for you why did God make 'em taste so darn good!
:
We're born in debt, especially those of us with Catholic or Jewish mothers.
CUASLIS: ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS.
FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add cuaslis for an easy retweet.
Shut up everyone leave me alone I'm watching My Future Ex Boyfriend on Neflix Instant.
Y'all no what I'm talking about.
You don't?
Ok fair
7353 State Employees in Dane Co.
pledged 2,463,523 to 500 charities in the 2011 Partners in Giving campaign!
Great Job!
I need something real......done with games.
Or Lee Elia's advice 22 years later: They oughta get a fn job and see what it's like to earn a fn living.
regains the lead thanks to a Sawyer goal.
65 with four to play in the first half.
Daily GTKY question: Do you celebrate Valentines Day?
What are you doing today?
Don't sweat it Derek!
BBN!
Thank you...
the photographer really knows how to captainre a great pic 
Unless that song is a spiritual.
Then you'll still feel like you're working on a plantation.
RT : Sing a song and your day will fly!
Thanks for the shoutout!
fans should stop by Dunkin Donuts and grab a cup o' joe on their way to the show!
Watching during the day is pretty fun.
no way!
Its probly crazy busy up in there.
Oh St Louis, you entertain me, , and
Thank you!
Absolutely.
And I hear you about stuff coming up you didn't know you needed to know.
We switched last year.
maybe I could smooth call it preVegas.
I think there's a 10/20 down there at palomar maybe I could come down around that game
I'm gonna have try that.
I love tea.
Make no mistake about why these babies are here  they are here to replace us.
Jerry Seinfeld.
You can add the pictures later : One has a Pirate in the background ; hehe It was fun doing this :
Working on a blog post about IPOs since NewEgg is going public.
Any companies that you wish you'd invested in during the IPO?
omg I know!!
Maybe sometime this summer when things slow down for you we will go to the park!
thanks for the tickets for ridays game.
ah cool!
where are youu?
lol Nay Nay calm down!!!!!!
I absolutely love me  phone calls every night 3
For God is sheer beauty, allgenerous in love, loyal always and ever...
tell your mom happy Mothers day for me!
: she's an incredible woman and she gave birth to you and you're amazing
Get your lunch with a guarantee.
Order one of our 8.95 lunch specials and we'll have it ready in 10 minutes or less!
This ncc bop list has more highlands than ncc on it...
did you get a new number?
West Coast Thursday is here at Dance Bethesda tonight!
See you at 8pm.
Come on nuggets I want tacos!!
Its early goin back to sleep
Class, rehearsal, then a shoot tomorrow.
What a good day!
very good

uniondale  THANK YOU!
we had out best day yet!
Here we go !
The satisfaction of wearing no socks.
In Jan.
In WI.
heatwave RT : The satisfaction of wearing new socks.
107 people showed up for office opening in Jefferson last night!
Women have to be clear about how important birth control is in there livesand men tooso right
I agree!
One of my favorite things to look at each month!
Taxes would be too easy if I had the energy to finish them.
Just a conglomerate of stuff.
That's a fun word to say too.
It's Friday and what a better way to enjoy this day by coming and enjoying free Carne Adovada Sandwhich.
Just say CA10 when ordering.
First time ever Oklahoma has been considered the Southeast.
You shall go to bed, andI will remain with you a few days, until you get over this
just walked past you in PDX but didn't want to bother you!
AHAHHAHAHA thanks for noticing!
They're my FAVE band ahhah
Adele is awesome, and sans auto tune, as far as I can tell.
Where da freaks at
Ethics charges are filed against Supreme Court Justice David Prosser by the Judicial Commission for the incident last June.
Why are people such dumbasses?
Learn to use a fucking dictionary instead of bashing me for being slightly more literate than you.
We're in the second half here, fans.
Bombers still up 8454 over B team.
Yinz!
Thanks for the RT.
I've got a Cassie Lane in my WIP.
Great name, nice and short.
Fml I need like a private place to vent I hate being in a funk like this especially on today of all days
I wish I could be strong without the scheie.
why can't I ever retweet you ?!
Girls need to start wearing age tags!
Cause Nowadays girls ages are like asian people, hard to tell apart!
it's been pretty great!
I'm glad to be around my friends again!
Hum London gold foams
got ya..
hit me up
thnx for the follow.
I'll have to look  yr book; I was laidoff from my newspaper in 2009 after 23 yrs, now freelancing.
RT: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!!
openingdayissoclose
It's really gay.
That part shouldnt be exposed unless something is coming out or for some of you something going in.
Think about it
i dont hold grudges unless its about something serious lol :D
Mali vibes at Zebulon so sweet I tweet WITHOUT KNOWING IT!
STANDING UP!
Are you forgetting what Bron did to the Pistons in the 2007 playoffs?
You seem to never want to mention that.
Its only fair
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 16
Lakers got this.
The hunger games was good but not like I imagined but I did love the characters all the actors were amazing
thanks so much Yvette!
You are so supportive every Friday!
:
youknowwhatsannoying guys with skinny jeans showing their crack
Single, though it is pretty ginormous RT Is it a double rainbow or just a boring single rainbow?
hey shoulda waited to this off season and trade for luongo.
From vancover
good morning!
having a latte to start the day
Can either of you recall a coach leaving w/ team before game is over ala.
Roy W.
Sat.
vs.
Fla St.
sorry sis no can do  Jesus Shuttleworth lol Walter Ray Allen He Got Game
FF for all the news, apps, reviews, hardware, and more on
Is your streaming server locked up or has it really been totally full since 8AM?
You may see him anywhere, he moves aruond.
Howeer, tomorrow he wil definately be in IB.
Fresh made pie by the slice.
So, hungry 
I missed the piece on Miller!!
You don't know where I can watch it, do ya?
agree but we could ludwick for close to nothing
Hopefully a youth sports instructor
rocking out to THE BASEMENT on doctorve home from work OBSESSED!
Thanks...you too!
Lol nice and cold RT: When I need my best sleep ....I get Bookie Button Naked.....
Work Smarter Not Harder
Wishing the best show ever to !
He is?
WHEN
9/7/11  Harrys abs revealed and 1D on Chatty Man.
This will be a day to remember.
Robert lee hotz.
We live in a golden age of science, in a golden age of empiricism, golden age of sci communication
Doin me with a twist!
;
lol that's a lil extreme
I freaked out today when I doctorve by a movie set, and everything was decorated for Christmas...
ordered your Eagle Creek cubes...thx
You take your Hair extensions out every other day...
I mean I would never be able to tell its fake.
Samarai Noodles coming soon to the UDistrict  win!
yay ramen!
shout out 2 all my new followers welcome 2 the mindless movement !!!
Don't tell Tebow, Jesus has picked thechicagobears to win today.
Single Black Female Faceoff with Hill Harper, Steve Harvey, Sherri Shepard  others...
so sad about the 4 babies that died in the fire in Fairfield...
whats goin down everyone, we're just working our butt's off over here, hope you enjoy what we have for you.
Who's coming to see us w/ Aaron Gillespie  THE ALMOST tonight?
Got to go...see you later Twitterverse.
Just checking to see if you had gotten my email I sent to you a while back?
Look forward to hearing from you!
I'm desperate to see it!!
Can't wait!!
In a moodd
that's on the list for this weekend.
Looking at old pictures always put me in a good mood
Yours truly will be staying up the whole 24 hours to support the library, so you should definitely come see THAT.
Hee.
Well at least they are opening with a good song!
how about no
thank you for following!
Be sure to also check out for the latest in mktg, adv, pr  design.
OMD!
Can't believe the finale is already here!
So you've had to keep it a secret all this time!?
why can't there be a button to say make my sheet model look like my default and vise versa.
Someday I will understand...
until then, will just have to make do with not knowing...
at least someone is getting the benefit of Cheski's money they aren't
Q.
What do you call two lesbians with their period?
A.
Finger painting.
RT :  I have good feelin bout you today!
rungood 
??
Oh that's right, I guess?
Jack D got me all fucked up
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew I said ass.
Clean sheets, a happy pup at my feet, and a thunderstorm serenadedon't need much more than this.
So thankful for another perfect day...xx
where are you planning on living?
Merely transitional RT Larry Brown coaching SMU is 
I love you like this much hands you the world
I did and it was easy
Just made a deal with a Fortune 150 company...so excited.
Lets see what comes from it...
I cant sleep...
thinkin about WhatIfs er
: So yall annoyed shawty don't wanna swim with no damn sharks while yall all safe in a boat ?
I'll kill all yall .
SON
Just got done with another rockin' awesome acting session with thanks Walker!
:
So are we, hope to see you at the ballpark this summer John!
NLD had a big day of meetings on Capitol Hill with key members of congress!
We are ready to see user sign ups multiply w/ their support!
received my Diego sanchez shirt yesterday.
Awesome will do business again
took quiet a slice off the top of a finger  it now resembles Terence and Philip talking
Good to know.
As they say: I celebrate his entire catalog.
We'll have to explore next time we bump into each other.
Good Luck!
Thanks for all your support!
Dubstep is so annoying sometimes.
It feels like a huge decision b/c your responsible for so much.
Have u read some unschooler blogs from young adults?
Oh btw, hi twitter!
We're back for the moment I suppose!
TGIF time to jam the weekend , you rock reverb artist !!!!
have a good day and a great weekend !
whole nation is proud of you.
You guys were incredible last night!
A great game, an unbelievable effort!
Thank you!
VinceYoung is trending on twitter...
RT Follow this guy if you are looking for followers and on Fridays it will explode, worked for me FYI
Im late
amazing!
My life is getting better and better each day!:
That gorgeous girl that just isn't photogenic..
still can't believe he honestly thought that.
Don't front it belittles u!!
Is it home?
Me, and might make an appearance.
Haven't heard anything.
Was thinking earlier whether jj11 or joyce2011 is better.
Thoughts?
now if you can get to actually reply to support tickets you'll be making half that 200 work for this 1 customer.
: Who's hotter Theo or Peter?
me
A FREE Appetizer Buffet starts in less than 5 hours!
Who's joining us for a cold one after work??
tor is genius I just wish it was faster.
Oh well
loved the andoctorid version visualization.
Keep up the great work.
If you're thinking of dumbing down for a guy, it's too late.
You're already stupid for thinking about doing it to begin with HOE
Today marks start of Michigan's deer season: About 675,000 hunters are expected to hunt this season.
slowly discovering all the non busy places to eat in midtown!
No, sorry to miss it.
What's techtacular about?
thanks Felipa  I will take a look
That was freaking AMAZING!!!!
FaceOff :D
okay I definitely will..
Saturday lunch might work best for me..
But I'll let y'all know closer to time.
I hate that summer is leaving us in the PNW although I am looking forward to starting at the universityofwashington only two more weeks!!!
Articulation of /r/ can be so important...especially in words like fork and shirt...
if I can get a taxi in the next 30 min I'm gonna head out
Modern European politics are consistently wonderful, awful, and hilarious simultaneously.
oh k thnks RusherMom ill it when i get home yhnks :
Soccer in the AM!
:
I allow constant revision through quarter to encourage Ss to revisit and revise.
Worlds oldest man dies at the age of 114
: Alltime leader in walkoff homers?
Jim Thome, with 12.
Wish the Twins had him earlier!
Would have helped mid2000s teams
u should def go!
It's scary at first but once u shoot it once the fear is gone!!
love the red chair!
Is it comfortable?
My dogs like liking peoples heads!: Nastier??
I need some retail therapy shopping immediately!
Chocolate oatmeal, coffee, poetry, dog, and sun out in backyard.
Took a trip down to the Freedom Hall box office today to pick up tickets for an upcoming giveaway!
Everyday Fox  Vandersloot cry victim, gives more opportunity to educate pple on not buying his multilevel products.
Sounds heavenly!
RT : Special sandwich: roast beef, asparagus, red onion and Gorgonzola, toasted, on a baguette.
The Rock sucks...and if they turn the angle into him wanting to doctornk I'm preparing for new shows on Monday.
TruthBeTold I thought the little dude with the ring was the Ring Bear until I was about 16 years old...
Oo
I Will!
/:  Yess I Know Its Heart Breakinnggg,  I Love You More.
3
isn't it MAGIC?!!
Sadfaces for both of us!
Damn Dallas scored.
11.
And No, I'm not watching the game.
Had to follow for the updates.
maybe with a bottle of red....bottle of white?
lol they are playing the lakers
Wearing sweatshirt.
on Chelsea Lately??!!
Why am I in class
that headline made the sophomoric male in me chuckle.
goes live with the RomeNews Tribune!
Neybor provides enhanced real estate classified adverting on RNT.com with syndication to more
Recap: Brockton Reds, Bens doctoram White Sox, Middlesex Brewers  South Shore Cardinals advance to cooperstownclassic playoffs today.
This made me cry RT so cute: : Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't doctorft away from each other.
okay thank u!: and my cousin saw some of your blogs and she luvved it:
July 17th Sunday at 6pm Gerard Brooks in Concert Gerard is no stranger to Gospel Music he has been singing since the age of seven
Slap on a lil bit of strawberry lip gloss  I'm ready to rock!!!
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script
Thank you, !
That's the spirit, !
A friendship based on blame.
Love it.
Denver Wins
So that's 21 points and collin totally winked at us when the whole team high fived the
TSOINY is about to see SCRATCHACID at Webster Hall 2nite.
About to see what this Yow character is all about.
tired haven't slept in days.
BREAKINGNEWS  President Obama: By the end of 2014, the Afghans will be fully responsible for the security of their country.
id rather run.
Hahaa
What's your favorite food?
Go follow my new account !!
Looking forward to having a beverage or two and cathing the Brewer game on FSN!
submitted a tea party catering proposal to client in San Jose CA in their garden, iced tea party  food only inc bd cake at 35 per head
TURN iON KCAL9 RIGHT NOW!
DODGERS PRESS CONFERENCE WITH NEW OWNERS!!!!
Brewing my first batch of beer!!
A traditional European bock.
Love viewing original documents  Cincy building depts comments about Wright's design.
Wright: Ridiculous
Making plans for our GL summerjam2011  bigcountrybash2011 tent.
So far it's still at Waterworks Park this Sat  Sun
Females be thinking us dude can't recognize FAKE Louis Vuitton purses, Fake Coach  FAKE gucci .
.
STOP PLEASE !
Life would be easier if the software I write wasn't so damn useful.
I mean didn't break all the time.
WAG of the Week 95: Stunning British Model Zabeena Harris Hot ...
Miller: unanticipated consequences can lead to new insights of community, new services
Who comin out to party wit me for my bday 2morro night at noche caliente?
be safe.
Have fun.
Love u!
Have faith in my boy Ryan Raburn
Had to collect my free steak from Outback!
Damn good.
uh yeah and our parents were hard on us!
I am usually all Madame PR.....PC......everything is great........but THAT is ridiculous.
Just got back into NYC LGA last night sad to leave CR but glad to be back.
I know what I'll be buying my mom for mother's day: OAK FREE CHARDONNAY
So I want you to cry!
And I want you to cry for me!
I don't want you to lie to me and say that it will be alright
See ya later, Duke!!
GO CATS!
revision.
Ba: help me?
Well, just follow me?
Wish me look for my exams?
Say you love me?
Your not even online: imissyou
Ops.
Didn't mean to steal the mayorship from Tee hee.
She'll get it back this week!
I haven't visited them but I've seen their store.
I've had some of their product.
It is good!
Thanks for sharing!
we have some great lists on Let us know if you have questions.
So about that zombie marathon runner.
Not such a surprise, but he finished undead last
Worked out.
Ate a sandwich.
Now lying down and cannot get motivation to move.
: I wish fire trucks played Move Bitch, Get Out The Way instead of using sirens then you'd see them coming
Hey Friend Good Morning To All From Tutor Pace...!!!!!
Okay she starts to annoy me right now..
The hell I'm gonna slap this bitch!
Did you record it?
he'd better call Braun's attorney.
I feel like a celebrity.
Cruising Springfield with summer on my mind.
What a day it's gonna be for Rugby  Crew Stadium BGSU trailing Army by 2pts
Probably should go for a run before Baconfest.
After?
You think you're gonna wanna sleep.
refunded us.
tx for your interest in your customers!
twitter really is the only way to get customer service now!
Commit your work to the Lord,and your plans will be established.
Attending AMAEXPO this weekend?
follow for updates and give a aways during the show.
Wow!
You're a trip H!
lol Most attention these guys have got from a hot chick ever!
Hmm.
Very specific test parameters.
So fun to see so many people cycling through Better Block setup for Bike2Work day!
it felt good on my lips.
For Today  Agape
Thinking: Why is my TT so light, it's halftime of the Lakers game.
oh...it's midnight.
I wonder do this nigga really care?
Or am I just wasting my time..
M!
Nice.
My goal is to waddle out of the gym this afternoon.
Am I the only one who thinks wedges look ridiculous?
I can't believe any of this shit
290k on dinner break.
blinds 3k/6k 1k ante when we get back.
25 left.
Has Anyone Else Wondered Why FACEBOOK Is Blue ?
Why Can't It Be Red , Or Green Maybe Even Purple ?
GALAXY DIGITIZING Email: Phone:7135741446 First 5 designs 15 each Leftchest /Cap placements.
I'm hoping that we get a guard
.
says two remaining controversial issues for session are campaign finance reform and raising min.
Wage.
Echoes of yesterday
Glad you had a good time!
Are you a seasoned user of social media or a novice?
follow me and i might follow you,: rofl.
That presenter from the NEA had an awesome surfer doctorwl.
Are they berry flavor or berry flavor?
Hehe
Art Quote of the Day: The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
Michelangelo
Bike ride?
hah
Just ran into 2 people I know on the plane to Austin.
Let the SXSW games begin!
Writing the office quotes all over flashcards because its so much better than studying them
Our special today is chicken soup, Jamaican style!
Warm your insides up with a cup!!!
I can't find the right walker toy for the baby.
HIS BIRTHDAY WILL BE RUINED.
you and me both.
And it always turns out to be someone in your inner circle
Although I imagine it will just be folded into subscription/platform fees....
Maybe tomorrow night we can watch the last season 5 ep.
I think the Packers will have a hard time this year, Bears got better and Lions are going to be great
Jonathan Beecher Field: The commitment to reaching a larger public audience by online journals brings advantages and disadvantages.
Hey It's good to connect, follow us back!
I prefer to think of it as doing my part to support local
It's doors, show at 9
That two point conversion miss just saved a LOT of football pools.
Status is changing...decline has declined I'm on my way to better days..
A very literary dinner party very quickly devolved into fisticuffs over Guns n Roses versus Nirvana.

Seriously ...
its tricking if u pay for dessert or an appetizerlmao you so damn cheap
Happy Birthday to my best friend ilysm mooer okay goodnight
Eugene Jarecki,  Rachel Grady, were proud to support your powerful films.
very sharp.
I'll tweet a picture of them when we get home.
Too dark to take a picture right now.
A body w more muscle tissue burns more calories all day long, even when you aren't lifting a finger.
Haaha this bitch secretly hates me but claims shes my friend.
I see right thru u bitch
most important person to rep social media for an org is the one who's passionate  knowledgable, not necessarily the tech guru
So rough around the edges, its hard to believe, that girls like you love guys like me
Yay!
We are on the way!
great night guys!
Made my night haha!
Good times with y'all.
Thanks!:
Tonight's show was so rad!
If you missed or left early, you seriously lost out.
Oj hello no: on the LAKERS!
I love the spurs because they can't beat THE LAKERS!
Life is what u make it!!!
Kendall did not txt me sayn twerk team lol im not funna play wit him
ick 2 appts in one day today!
I am sure some shoe shopping will be necessary afterwards!
Glad to hear!
RT : Team Up thanks for the follow, love what you guys are doing!
SHADES IS MINE
that's u did u not read my tweet at all
Happy Bday to the greatest sister in the world Love you hope your day is amazing
Somebody stop me!
totally diggin the new song!
Keep up the good work
Its official you are the man.
.
He's going to answer to the laws of man, and then the laws of God.
You'd better start praying for his soul.
Boo.
just told us that won't sign our column due to strict security issues.
Thanks, Julius.
I'm excited to be coming!
On the way to California to see my family!
:
Worked it.
Straight from text.
Oh another world has just opened up to me.
Bring it on
River Ridge School District referendum up 375319 with 10 of 13 precincts reporting
Comedy is difficult, especially slapstick
Dude Jerry is Justin's penis,dick!lol are you even a Belieber?
You've heard about that smoke doctorfting in to WI from MN.
Are we sure it's not just the state letting off steam over Michele Bachmann?
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
Greatest day at work ever...we had office bonding while on line for
1st travel tournament is on my bday weekend
Follow back
Aw thanks!
Why is it that every photograph of Octomom shows her carrying takeout food  for one.
Working on this year's entry form!
All I can say is BEAUTIFUL.Pasha makes it SO BRILLIANT!
thanks!
Ps f your dad, I shave in the shower too!
but delicious pairing!
Finally headed to the south side and it looks like it's going to rain
Yes plz RT : I wish there was a database that listed every single exhibition held in every art space in the USA.
On my way to check out the new Lush store in Fashion Valley.
Could this be the answer to my last minute holiday shopping dilemmas?
fuck it let's make an event of it.
June 1st can not wait to see
thank you for the follow
30 min slot for 10 doctorw or 60 min for 20 doctorw?
I love the theremin.
You had all weekend to do you homework!
Uhm, sorry bitch but i have a life...
Some men see things as they are and ask, why?
I doctoram things that never were and ask, why not?
George Bernard Shaw
good thoughts and vibes coming your way!
Twenty minutes rowing is serious stuff.
Do we know what time yet?
Need to shift some things round if it's a late game.
Both of your babies are beautiful!
My daughter Lauren just turned 11.
Have you added Levi to assistance list?
I can advise
I know you've been hurt by..
someone else
I meant ADD one more lol
STOP TWEETING FUNNYS THAT JUS HURT MY BRAIN.
I just can't even right now.
Looking for a HD videographer in LA TONIGHT for an event for 100 2hrs
Lucky you!
Please follow me!
Thank you so much for giving us a k about recipes on Love to share our food and recipe finds!
Tonight has turned out really crappy, but I'm just going to keep on smiling:
they put in the sink so I could see TEP cliets but no soap, no papertowels.
now its just a dadaist art objct
I wanna hear what nigga been workin on.
Where the beats?
Getting ready for my interview on at 9:45.
Thank you to all of my fans in advance for watching  you guys are amazing!
Did anyone else hear Cindy Lauper doctorp the F Bomb on Wave3?
Where the wild things are guys
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
I'll be ready RT oh don't worry, it'll be directed at you a TON come Sept smacks the back of A.J.s head
obsessed with that pic!!
Happy weekend to you too.
Playing at Relay for life in 20 minutes.
When youre so mad you can feel your face getting hot.
WHAT UNICORN IS YOUR SISTER X?
who's saying so???
FINAL: Churchill 3, King 2.
Double play to end the game.
Churchill advances to face O'Connor.
wow, the angst over Paterno is amazing.
Those who worship him v.
those who think he covered up child molestation  heated words.
people wait in line  save a spot for the other person,  when the person who bought the spot comes they just cut in line
That's awesome!
Once I finish up the last of my storebought detergent, I'll make mine.
Let's go here I am Floor 4 Row D Seat 7.
Find me!!
Justin Moore rocking it!
We're trending 'Happy Birthday Joseph Morgan' tomorrow 7PM UK time.
RT and spread the word!!!
Question 2: I cant get skin cancer, because my normal routine doesnt include any outdoor activities.
Tweet True or False using
Core Media not only prints tshirts  apparel, but embroidery  promotional products is what we do  do it well!
Hit us!
Is that just from work?!
I never got that much email at The Sun!
doctoram: fmistergrad school professorand old Scout leader/captainin berate me for walking on his deck.
lmao when yall coming to the north
Went to sleep early fuck it I'm up on the early side
bover will be opening their lighting showroom in newyork in september2012.
we wish you the best!
In China, bicycles outnumber cars 250 to 1
Asian Babies!!
you need an otter box
This 76ers game
RT I eat my pizza with ranch,  that's the best way.:: that's the most amazing way to eat it!
Brian has my phone number so all is ok there ...
You were so HOT tonight on dwts!!!
Don't let the judges get you down  see you next week!!!!
:
RT : : Standardized tests are a poor substitute for justice sosmarch
Apparently the NFL HOF voters are still on lockout.....how you gonna snub Cris Carter and Bill Parcells.....go home...smh
Just added to the wfx expo floor Sennheiser North America
Looks like it is going to be a perfect weekend for camping!
I can't wait to get away and doctornk beer around a campfire.
Welcome Jennifer!
Have a great weekend..
We're about to head out for a midnight visit to one of the oldest cemeteries in the county.
what about that one love song i would listen to, that would get stuck in your head?
heck yea
Props to Colton Dixion for worshipping God on American Idol!
He is all I want He is all I need He us my everything!!!
sure why not!:
RT Catch my interview with author Mike Leach of Why Stay Catholic at catholicmom.com/?p19443  enjoy!
//
'Big Bang Theory' Is Now Bigger Than 'American Idol'
raining in WA county/Beaverton line
Great Questions, keep 'em coming!
In addition, it will take millions out of a lowinterest savings account and then it over to police  fire in all 18 cities  SAFE
TeamMaestro and Zimmer present mustsee custom mobile learning  sales support solution tomorrow at Q1Productions Medical Device conf.
RT Hey my Trigga boo can you please follow my lovely sistas  please Trey :
I hope every one has a good spring break:
Happy to hear in a bar in the district :
that's why they surpass home depot in salesno more elevator music!
Who is watching UFC CAN I get an update?
Thinks my life has no meaning, no purpose anymore....
Oh wait, I found the remote to the TV, nevermind!
WhatIMissMost Skating with the
jon's apartment number is 1D
LMFAO...
They talk to me xD
To dang tired!
G'night!
his apology still doesn't make up for a call that altered the game.
Chelsea didn't dominate till after that
See what happens, mntwins, when you get rid of Nick Punto AND the battery's eye trees??
Doom.
I'm good and u
Great game Sox , and way to go Philip Humber , yippppeeee
dont u hate it when the most.
Important person in.your world ignores u?
hopefully ill be better by this weekend or at least before next week!
have a nice day at school pookie.
i dont care much for watchin it tho i rather play
some birdbrained peeps; it's that kinda town, what with Blue Jays, Orioles, and Ravens
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
I cant front man, im impressed wit ya boys..thought they wld get swept
Ships in harbor are safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
John Shedo
I completely understand but still, the show is whack
Have a slice of perfection with the White Chocolate Raspberry Cake for only 3 a slice!
Well I hope you guys have fun...You gonna get some pictures for twitpic?
Guys I spent like three weeks with and now I haven't seen her in forever.
Creeping on Ah Come up kinda morning ...
I'll be your valentine lol ;
Good idea!
: Have u gotten surf shorts yet ?
Planning to go 2 tmister they have 
That law about no texting and doctorving is stupid
Thanks for sharing our In the Heights article!
miss you too babe33 hopefully i get to see you tomorrow :D
hah yaay!!
And I went to A doctorke concert last night!!!!
3
The lack of meaning in all this is the worst part.
bitchmade comes in all shapes and sizes lol
why what happen
Time for a numbergameeee!
Tweet me your number ; must following
he want that CAKE : morning everybody : 1st period flow.
It's my Leila's first birthday today!
Get to know the candidates vying for Shelia Jackson's school board seat at a public forum 6 to 8 p.m.
April 18 at Knox Middle School.
but only in my doctorams does that really happen
I just DM'd the question to u
Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!
Love the open space.
Curious how the type works with the gutter though, was anything lost in translation when it was printed?
Whiskey.
Won't cure you, but will make being sick a helluva lot more fun.
i get reminded of what iam missing.irratatingggg
The Cubs could play the 2012 season 2,012 times and they would still never win the NL Central.
You mad?
Stay mad
House of Nanking.
In line.
Doing it.
i knew there was a reason i've never stepped foot in there....mister angry spice
It would be great for their market/fanbase if they signed the best Cuban free agent available.
I would love the move.
My cousin refuses to follow me , what a jerk 
It was over before it began as far as I'm concerned.
I've never even heard the song.
I don't understand the point of twitter ?
haha only for you courtney :p
Dinner with the 1 guy on earth who understands me...long 48hours4all of us at 601...not another place I'd rather work
Haha Yea they did i totally loved there outfits.., and i was happy that they both made a movie together :D
Sometimes I worry about how much I enjoy being alone with my computer.
Done with my term paper.
Now off to bed!
'night!
so call me maybe ; follow me alex 3 nevergivingup so your gonna get alot of these ;
cool!
doctorssforsuccess is a gr8 org!
If you would like to get involved with us email !
Stop being mean Jose!
.,.
RT : Thx!
caught my eye at gnomedex and I've had fun playing with it.
that frusturating moment when you're almost dont eating your cereal but the last few pieces are like catch me if you can!!
When you help a librarian out, it will return to you in multiples.
The Right Stuff is going back to the library today.
Class dismissed bitches!
I'm free!!
You can't keep him with no personality ...
I've seen it before.
Haha.
Thanks, though.
He sure is sexy.
;
Since I didn't get that job, its now time to step it up and apply more!
I have a feeling this show will be the basis of a movie that wins an oscar.
It's just that good.
hi there!!!
you know your awesome right?
I'd have to say, you have kept up with your expectations, your Twitter game has been strong.
which 1 of u wants my old Blue/Yellow Team DeMaio Tshirt.
Since u are intent on electing him Mayor.
AKA voting 4 Filner
Omg..I can't even watch this bs..ogando..really??
Outraised the incumbent by triple.
Way to go team, !!!
Miller would be better off wearing a mitten on his glove hand.
Coach, I'll holla at you tonight at the game bro!!!
Naturally!
Let the snacking begin...
Voice coach says I'm not getting enough sleep.
See...y'all done got me in trouble!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Someone needs to save me from my mind
LOL!
This is a bad decision from me...
Office manners tip: Don't go overboard with personal decorations.
Make it yours but don't have anything that might make others uncomfortable
spending time with the family,relaxing
haha!
I feel the same exact way, and yet, we still manage to sit on twitter instead of studying.
haha!
I see the same people everywere.
Been up for 24 hours now.
I'm creeping up on the record
is ver easy if U have a gasgrill and a cast iron pan takes bout 20 min 4 green coffeebeans 2 get dark :
we need girl time!!!
Boys are making life difficult!
You have to decide who your going to trust and listen too.
Navy SEALS are asking the weird, foreign looking Obama to stop bragging about killing Osama bin Laden.
He didn't do shit.
They know it.
listening to Sweat It Out 
I feel like is my big brother.
hell yes I can't wait!!!
There is a strange pecking order among actors.
Theater actors look down on film actors, who look down on TV actors.
Thank God for...
that would be amazing!
Can't wait to see the collection and maybe even carry it on Skinny Bitch Apparel!
KIT!
Wednesday Wisdom: Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
we need to start an email campaign or something!!
I couldnt ask for a better group of friends, we always have some much fun together.
Whenever I'm down I put on and I cant help but smile which makes my day better
Follow , , , , and for all wifilmfest coverage this wknd!
Listening to sfSound rehearse Dan Joseph's new piece.
Polytempo all the way....
Just be ready
If I didn't know you I'd rather not know.
If I couldn't have you I'd rather be alone.
I think my love affair with is going to force me to learn Less.
Which has been on my list of things to do anyhow.
My Favorite Song On The Whole Mixtape!
Good
German already sounds angry to me ...
So an angry german just scares the shit outa me .
Practice practice :
I just woke up at 7:30 and went to the grocery store to buy stuff to start juice cleansing every Monday.
And I didn't wear a bra.
WhoAmI?
ha ha tell her it all positive music so she good lol
It's a Mom's World.
We're all just livin' in it.
Happy Mother's Day.
RT : ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a FEM Gay guy and a BUTCH Lesbian fall for each other!
That equals a heterosexual attraction!
This dude looks like a bigfoot lmao
We love the way music brings people together.
screw valentines day...happy TomlinsonTuesday everybody!!
People who talk to others with disrespect are only asking to get treated negatively.
Let the festivities begin , birthday just a few hours away ;
please dont be in love with someone else
White Haus in Jamaica Plains; in Providence , a fantastic arts space; basement venue Distant Castle in Worcester
He got something speciallovehurts3
got a new rear bike tire...and True Lining some process to make my ride BETTER!
: yeah Ft.
Collins.
I think I'll go mac n cheese, okra, and mashed potatoes.
Clippers work them.boys
The greatest battle lies within
Wow 80 degrees in the Chi today unheard of for the spring time
mind if I email you a question along those lines later today?
Also need to invest in a tablet.
Oh I would LOVE to see you!
Maybe you and whoever could come to the mall..Im sure I'll be there sometime..probably Sunday!
:
What's going to happen when people start teleporting to work?
No more snow day excuses!
40 minutes of walking/running, 2.5 miles, and 330 calories later, I think it's time for dinner.
Ah, I feel good!
The newest national poll is out.
It's FOX  and FOX has Obama PLUS SEVEN!!!
Ouch.....!
hahaha...whatever helps you sleep at night...but you're alright...
love to see that sometime...lol
Hip flask.
Apply frequently.
Congrats to  its founders!
Amazing entrepreneurial story and a wonderful app that I've been hooked on since the day it launched
Waiting for that New Jack Swing revival....
Will do!
If we are God's experiment, then I'm thinking he's probably more like a mad scientist and less like the all loving version.
Welcome home Gilad.
you KNOW how much I favor free markets, and I am 200 in favor of regulating this practice.
Must Be Stopped NOW.
thanks for sharing!
Guess I should stop sitting in the parking lot.
Ugh.
shut up fool.....u must miss me
Woke up in a great mood today my fav show not yet on TV is only 2 days away
emmett and dwayne are headed your way!!
After 14 years of listening to every minute of every , I hardly listen at all anymore.
Reason: It's EV to grind poker in silence.
please tell me that was a doctoram
May or may not have just photo bombed ESPN with
you guys are so nice :
I'm free.
Finally off work :
The male population needs to figure it out ..
And figure it out now ..
Idiots .
ah so r u done with homework
tomorrow is the first day I don't have to wake up early for anything.
yes.
sleeping ALL day.
I'm so pumped!
Seems like forever from now
Bulls play tomorrow at 7pm.
Make sure you're here for 5 22oz bud/bud light doctorfts  5 svedka cocktails!!
NSR may be racist, but mostly she's just a charlatan.
Nobody crythere are plenty of kneejerk antiintellectual rags to take her.
You're making me want a DQ vanilla cone with cherry or butterscotch dip.
Haven't had ice cream since unsold my business!
Syracuse isn't the 2nd best team in the country.
No surprise Louisville is hanging.
Looking for someone who understands Robet Puddys Launch Formula Marketing .
Anyone out there ?
and you're a Twins fans so there are bonus points for that.
All women look better in Twins gear
This Pic is You my friend!
Hence the fact that Skyrim is procedurally generated.
Portal 2 is similar problem articulated differently
We're all just slightly misunderstood
been a freak now that I think about it 
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Yeah, but Pauly Shore isn't your standard hack...
he and his buddy were beyond extraordinary hacks.
Still not asleep and not happy about it...
Dear Self, I regret to inform you that you are not that much better than most of the people you look down on.
Knock it off.
Love, Matthew
: o my gosh erika
ROCKIN TO THAT TRAP OR DIE...
I'm gunna be looking like pop stew tomorrow :
RT : recruiting the perfect kickball team is a fulltime job.
Wow....I just got this rly sharp pain my heart..../3
Its a beautiful day in San Fran!
Eating at a diner on the warf with the mother.
Saw you tonight on Ch7, but it's fair to question Brady's legacy based on his postspygate results, right???
I beg to differ.
Where did I park my Delorean?
It's a gorgeous day and day 2 of the captainins license course in Monterey.
Wish this course was taught outside.
I'm sorry, are you also tweeting the dozens of times they say you lied?
Hypocrite.
So it's official  Pandawinks Diaper Cakery is now an official business  taxes to pay and all!
Changing perspectives now a days
Only 4 days till Christmas!
Foamily has Griffin Longboards and more for 100 off normal price...amazing Christmas present.
what period do you have Spainsh?
blowing the snow.
Hate the cold kickback
Thanks for the update!
No surprise there  would love to see some straw polls in northern Wisconsin.
: I think I can understand why kids love theme park!
blow my dick on a rollercoaster bitch
I've got a confession to make.
Pandora convinced me to buy their yearly service so I could can the obnoxious annoying
Bahcesehir University students completed their ESL program.They studied for 8 months at HFC.
Where all the hoes at?
That don't give a fuck where their clothes at
I Really Don't Care Anymore The Funny Part Is You Think That You Have Some Control Over My Emotions.
Be A Player When Im The Coach,
RT Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal.
E.
Nightingale
Come to in Dallas at 7 PM to hear Singer/Songwriter on Dec.
19th!
You won't be sorry!
me too ..
it annoys me.
Script is locked film is cast!
Crew confirmed!
Table read on Jan.21st!
I have to give props to unofficial Kentucky State Governor for saying he'd rather see UK's campus rebuilt than Rupp Arena.
It's an even bigger presumption because test scores are an inaccurate and inadequate measure of our students.
Really, why do any other schools even try anymore?!
This PM thing is making me insane...
How far that little candle throws his beams!
So shines a good deed in a weary world.
William Shakespeare
Schmarbage indeed.
Alison, your inane humor always cracks me out!.
a big thank you to Best Place bar in the historic Pabst downtown for tapping Fire Light!
I hope for both staff and patrons.
Your team rocks!!!
Aww I hope you et better: And guess who got the one I wanted.
Little Miss Perfect Leah.
Spartacus on the high.
You cant lose what you never had.
You cant keep whats not yours.
And you cant hold on to something that doesnt want to stay.
i wanna switch to the iphone :P
Baby if I were 5'10 the world would be a redder place....but at 5'2....well I own a lot of heels
Great guess of the key ingredientphoto to follow in the next tweet.
RT spring pea soup?
Well, you know how much we love beer around these parts...
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare.
Hope you enjoy your evening at Kittichai!
Yay for Meryl Streep!!
TheIronLady was an amazing film and so are her acting skills, pure amazing!
I am baaaackk in action.
Thanks for the heads up on the Annie's Groupon, by the way!
had such a great time playing at the Fox  Hound show in Arlington Heights last night.
Thanks for coming out to the party!
It's always political: role of photograph?
images speak for themselves?
Just found out my dad dated a girl that lived in the same building as a girl I used to see, but he did it 45 years ago, before he met my mom
Stats don't mean shit when you don't have a ring for them...
lol
Equal opportunity, I just like Apple products better
Done with the number game.
Sorry if I didn't do yours!!
I didn't do that many because I got really tired and now I'm going to sleep!
Night:
Do you speak English?

Libra has a big need for variety.
That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.
scored 2nd weekend passes to Coachella 2013 :D works out since I will be in the PI late March / early April 2013.
Just started my D3Launch download!!!!
I like that if I ever head out to Oregon, I have Twitter friends there.
Ann Curry's whispering, aren't I compassionate interviews are so gd tedious and annoying.
Voted at 7 AM today.
Pretty quiet, but I almost fell down those church basement steps.
Convinced a 3rd grader that nonfiction writing is definitely NOT boring!
Solaris Kids Hotel Andoctorja The first childoctorns theme hotel in Croatia  kids desks
You guys are trying to trend iNickelodeonShow ?
I am IN !
enjoying...
no, having a BEERGASM to...
a vampire slayer at
jahahahahahhaa .
Im so Immature
Thank you :
..
Look, Jamie Dimon is paid only 20 million a year.
What do you expect, perfection or something?
Two days is not enough time for a weekend.
finally got twitter.
i'm proud of you
someone who hates you normally hates you for one of three reasons.
they see you as a threat, they hate themselves, or they want to be you.
I wish I could, but it's over a 2 hr doctorve from me and I don't think I can get there soon enough...
Hearing about demographics our childoctorn will be frequent attendees at 100 yr old bday parties.
New meaning for old.
Free concierge pick up  delivery service with any Deluxe Wash or detailing package in downtown SanDiego,Gaslamp, EastVillage or
The team assembled on the block and started observing the house.
Several people.
Positive ID on his truck.
My agent is worth 20.
Don't tell her that though...
Presiding bishop is Hope Ward of Mississippi
Wednesday is here!
1/2 price on all bottles all day!
New Reds on our Wine List!
Tomorrow I have modeling exercises.
South Korea banned our scouts from its stadiums?
BAH!
That's like banning Stephen Hawking from step aerobics classes.
got it and agree.
Happy new year!
Maybe by the time I'm back to Ohio Sway will be in full effect.
I can just bartend my life away in arena every weekend 
Welcome to Twitter!!
Love you!
spring break 
FranciscoRevilla: you have to get the users participating in the design.
They can tell us what works for them.
MD Gov breakfast w legislative leaders did not result in agreement for Special Session.
Gov wants Budget by Maygaming perhaps August
Peter Piper Pizza!!
:D
Everyone please follow me
Often you get the best insights by considering extremesby thinking of the opposite of that which you are directly concerned.
C.
Wright Mi
my favorite one.
I've been tempted twice to snag someone else's delivery.
ZOMG I had no idea what a Cherry Ripe was until now.
That's all my fav flavors in one candy bar.
Hope I can find them here!
We are super men.
Standing ovation from Houston, Texas!
Fun fact...Lebron James has zero NBA championships.
Are you  spop12?
So are we!
We're presenting at 11am B2B bootcamp  4pm B2C bootcamp.
We've got wisdom to impart: be sure to check it out!
Do I hear wedding bells?
Newbury has BRAND NEW Red Velvet Wedding Cake flavor in honor of coowner Matt Wallace who ties the knot next week!
My Mind's on the scripture, it's Beautiful, I see every line on the picture.
So when the leaves Rustle  the cock Crows winter...
had 2,287 pics of the boys on my phone , an now they are all gone!!!
:
Here I come Boston!
I know!
3 Lol I was just sayin' you could've come, but you were sleeping.
:3
cleveland  bronx
is it time to do this again yet?
And a shoutout to Ryan at You are my knight in shining armor!
although the straightest distance between 2 points is a straight line, it isn't always the smartest journey
Are not worried about shit bc they know the govt will take care of them
there are certain women that would be good for me...but i have zero feelings for...that a bad feeling :
Having my first rose of the summer season at
Home with no boyfriend to kiss and no friends to laugh with
Did you know that for every 1 spent on family planning, 4 is saved?
Decided to do the 30 day challenge!
Copper Mountain in Colorado!
I like odd combos like that.
I believe waffles and fried chicken are a popular odd combo in the southern US.
Who is that random chick just chillin' in the window?
So they got lil suzie out here...
Alot of uneducated people do ;
I will give you peace and quietness.
I Chronicles 16:11
Looking for tickets to Blackhawks tonight?
Message me if you want to buy our tickets.
3 seats in 105
Merry Christmas...make it a great day!
Macaveli's Exclusive Taurus B day Club Tour May 12 PARTY BUS,X DANCERS,PREM LIQUOR,CLUBS 5 SEATS..Left call to RSVP your seat 773 6406742
is this ship landing on the factory roof??
So I'm watching Basketball Wives as I do my final paper for my law class.
Hm Royce you won't keep a man with all that crying boo.
smh
Just discovered Apple's is an opensource project, written in python.
Cool.
no The snowman is cute though, his little cat
RT : ifitwasntforhockey i wouldn't know what love is.
Good posture prevents back and neck pain.
Duh, right?
Maybe not, look around.
You think people know good posture?
Me too  way worse.
The 80s and 90s were not a friend of mine...
I'm out of control, but at least I know it.
I want an exotic animal someday..
So good to be back in OZ
FF thanks and welcomes new follows Move your way!
So, does this mean that the Twins and the Mariners are the two worst teams in mlb?
What would it be w/out Barrett's Milwaukee?
Even lower yet.
MT : Unemployment rate...It is down to 6.7 in WI.
we just moved the company blog and the 'WP to Twitter' feed posted each blog again...
sorry about the noise!
dale
FilmmakingWebinars learning about video storytelling from the film making dude
Think in that case, mentality  economic structures.
If you missed the social night at Panera Bread, it was great!
People have different skill sets.
A great team will have diverse skills so many things get done, rather then a narrow few.
Opens more doors.
WFH today.
Time to kick some serious ass.
i tweeted my friends the video of zayn dancing and they're making fun of him.
then my friend is watching him sing let me love you...
oh.
Today is International Beer day.
Another reason to celebrate a glorious Friday!!
but you aren't aloud to!
Dads do not give the fight to protect your kids from an abusive biomom.
Go through the courts, present proof.
My proof was overwhelming.
oh god ,!
Haha when do you wanna goo?!;
Wooops.
i hope i dont get in trouble for my last tweet
that would imply that he has guard skills.
New looks great.
It just doesn't quite...work properly.
So as of today a lot finna change real shit
your grad party is the night before my actual graduation!
Wayne and Trish would not be happy if I slept through my graduation :
just checking in my man where you all going this weekend
Avg student loan debt passes 25K.
Avg new car loan exceeds 26K and used cars nearly 19K.
Degree will last longer.
Just an FYI  there is a 100 chance of snow this New Years Eve on Auditorium Shores at 8pm!
Thank you Wolf stuntworks!
Nope, nothing in particular at the moment, just things I probably missed.
Biggest point is property ordering, I think.
Great job  the new homepage looks resplendent
Veteran Media Executive Alan McGlade Launches DEV to Promote Next Generation ...
MarketWatch
It is one thing to have a Benton engraver.
It is another to have Benton's Benton engraver.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDYB!!!
DON'T MAKE EXCUSES, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech MA  San Francisco Chronicle
Carrie Allen talks about the fascinating negotiations of identity and authenticity in Christian rap in Houston.
straight to socialism.
One just might get us there faster.
No Godno morals.
No moralsno freedom.
No freedom devastation
Reading through the tweets from is like finding beautiful pearl after beautiful pearl on the beach of succinct wisdom.
Only Abq mid,high schools to pass AYP: charters, alternatives
Been so busy lately, haven't been following tweets.
But soon have some new digital collections stuff to share
less than 1500 until cinnamonchallenge  less than 91500 til you release your
Pittsburgh we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Gators with 12 assists on 14 first half FGs
have completed selfevaluation and sent it on!
I am triumphant!
Now I just need to create next year's plan.
Nothing is real 'til it's gone.
A week of sweet Mexican nights with my daughter start tomorrow.
Ah.
Taking The Artist for Costume Design.
I hate when people think i take Yolo Seriously.
Like, bitch.
Take a joke .
Not too bad yet.
I think someone opened a door in the cafeteria and it is sucking some of the bad air out.
that moment when u just get home from the grocery store and u realize u forgot to buy sumthing
Happy Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day!
Margaritas?
Mint Juleps?
Or both?
:
Timbuk3 doors down
MVNO H2O Wireless adds 2 GB cap to 60 'unlimited' plan H2O Wireless, an MVNO that is managed by Fort Lee, N.J.based Locus Telecommunica
Stop by and purchase your Yankees tickets for 25 for April 16th.
If you've never been to a Yankees game this is a must!
A Mother's Day thank you for the care given a father in decline: Death is natural, and in some cases even merciful, right?
He was the...
Yup, supporting and endorsing an offer to kill someone.
That's what you did.
I'm already tryna go home
Do you have a doctorss that fits the dimensions of a bottle?
Must be shapely!
I just realized that I've been working on the same piece of rug hooking for 12 years.
Should I finish?
i think i am , i been single for ALONG ASS TIME : i betta start getting some cats .
.
.
LMAO
There are new posts on the blog www.sunrisetosunsetblog.com.
Check out the pictures of the apartment and also our craftiness!
A3 Fear and weaknesses can be turned into opportunities.
They just need to be recognized and nurtured in order to grow.
ugh I feel ya on that one
can you go bowling?
Please welcome to twitter.
My Stomach Hurt iWas Laughing So Hard Mann!
Assuming the Orioles are out of it by July, Jim Johnson could and should be traded for a king's ransom.
good morning wake up 3
I didn't order any 80 degree days...
can I return them?
Colleagues comment on RT etiquette: We're trying to have a society here.
You gotta follow the rules.
Watching The Wiz.
Apple wins longawaited iTunes Store patent
let me know
OnlyInMinnesota Do we consider 42 degrees and overcast a nice day.
we're playin in SF at the hotel Utah on the 17th
That's alright man, don't feel too badly.
In 2100, Gas is gonna be like 20 a gallon  music will probably suck
I don't recall watching a worse NCAA football championship game ever....
Dis nigga said he gonna put some medicine on him when he catch him!
alright well maybe I will one day, how hard can it be?
Repeats of Dancing with the Stars which for some reason is on Game Show Network.
When planning your event please consider getting He'll blow your mind.
epic troll!
Mate.
yea man!
I guess u could say I'm in a pretty good mood!
LoL!
Euro crew will be insane tonite at !!!!
get ready for rock it!
Yup.
To say has a fascination with KP is to say doctorscoll has a fascination with doctorving doctornk.
I have a suggestion on a partner store.
I think if we got rent the runway as a partner store it would do phenomenal!!
My father just told me I look tired and have quite a few grey hairs
Yep kicking off first full day.
BTW LL looking strikingly like mister Jobs on stage today.
Double Royal nostalgia.
i had two near death experiences today.
Thanks for the FFExcellent!!
Have a great weekend!
Forget to pay your parking ticket?
:p
I put my hand up on your feet.
When I tweet, you tweet, we tweet.
Hey, where did you find those cute graduation cards?
I want to get one for my sister!
No silly XD foam balls!
12/21 at Frankies.
We'll be there celebrating Karri's graduation from UT and her birthday which is the 25.Come hang out!!!!
I'll never be the person YOU wanted me to be.
You can't accept me, even with my flaws.
I've come to accept that I'll never be good enough.
That moment when you and your friend stare at your crushes after school :
in traffic, but there soon
World Malaria Day 2012: Invest in biodiversity and keep malaria at bay  Business Mirror
RT : YOU'RE THE BEST CLUB AND I LOVE YOU
shit man I wish I was immature and made fun of people behind a fake professorle.
Huge fan of Pulse!
Alphonso Labs has truly raised the bar for app expectation, especially on the Andoctorid Market.
Wow that was really close to a Penguins penalty shot, flyers player looked like he gloved that puck in the crease.
Not sure what I would do without
Dear Music Pro blogger: Integrate your marketing plan and build your base is not advice anymore.
Give us something new  creative.
RT : SAG  AFTRA Merger.
VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE....
Agreed!
One of my favourite lines in Friends ever and my basis for judgement of all actors: They said you're not believable as a human being.
I've never been a fan of puppets , so the Dark Crystal had like no chance in my book.
Still don't like them to this day.
getting ready to head out for my first night in chicago with seriously my roommate for LIFE represent.
so over listening to this convo...
Aww thanks girl!!!!
I love you!
Working on a homeschool American history curriculum outline.
So far it's just Here kids, a list of every explorer ever.
Ain't history fun?
Still following along cws : The Gamecocks win it, 71 victory over Virginia.
South Carolina looked pretty complete today.
Kangaroos really got it right with the whole builtin pocket thing.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love
nice!
I'll see u guys tonight
I don't kid about music videos.
already confirmed an appearance.
I'm trying to like people, it's just so hard to weed through the stupid ones.
yeah they lost but I was watching the Man City game  WOW best game I have seen in the longest!!!!
I'm not comparing, I'm saying that's him....
The couple had left their apartment a block away from the Balinese because the roof was caving in.
the cheesy 80's song comes to mind...
Party All The Time...
Heard great things about Mailchimp.
Would love to try it at some point
Much respect to all those, big and small, who blacked out yesterday
Wow in the show one of Polly's lines is I feel something sorta...down in my basement oh jeeze
Adding live chat to Venntive.com this morning.
Chat me up!
Only TWO more days left to apply for London Fall 2011!
Application is due THIS FRIDAY, APRIL 1st!
Hurry and get your applications in today!
You don't know them and you're gunna be rude ?
LMFAO PLEASE
When i was about 4 yearsold i remember i use to tell my mom tht when i got older i would marry a princelive in a big sugar castle./3
I may or may not have sang along and danced to Bye Bye Bye when it came on the radio while I was doctorving home.
Yeah, I still like NSYNC.
Mom says thank you very much!
Congrats to for taking home best of broadcast for their So Kodak tv campaign.
Great work.
check out , sometimes they have offers for the mountains
Though the Blazers aren't looking so great, at least Kevin Love got suspended.
While the nose job was needed, Love is/was a spoiled brat.
Its been a long time coming babe
We are born with 2 fears loud noises and falling down.
All the rest are acquired.
shaming myself into playing better.
The time when your actually tired and you want to go to sleep but you just caint :
Never though I'd be one thatd be awake at the bus stop at 6am for work.
Still love it.
Tiffers welcome to twitter!:
Subway for dinner!!YEE 
All Hollies songs are foreshadowing her departure
Need assistance or to report something during your reservation?
The folks at 8664ZIPCAR are always there to help 24/7.
More mixing tonight!
beer chili and homebrews on Labor Day.
so far, a couple thousand fellow craft beer fans!
see you there!
late start but DVR was running.
I'm starting now!
More cameras than protesters at
hats off to GCF for being so dedicated to their work.
GCFCrewLove 3
I will install pole in the back yard next to my salmon ladder.
Just listened to Whitney's isolated vocal track for How Will I Know..As it should be!
I'm a FIRM believer in NOT using autotunes or other
Yes, yes you do.
She said hello after she ignored me for an hour.
lol, lawd Derek.
How you been!?
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT FOR 1 MARGARITAS !!!!!
DJ QUAKE IN THE MIX , COME GET WASTED !!!!!
FOLLOW !!!!!!
Vuke is singled to death in the 2nd.
Three hits and a walk, but a line out double play keeps Royals to 2 runs.
21 Twins.
hey coach, when do you sleep????
Also, would love to see your dissertation at some point, since our apocryphal interests overlap so much.
Where did all these gorgeous women come from?
I must be in the matrix.
Now I'm anxious to Leave already !
Omg Florida Stresses me Out !
Now up is A Job Bank or: How to Engage Students and Alumni Without Spending A Dime.
Please tweet me a really nice song to listen to :
Still awake cause I can be
Finding out that a song on your ipod uses Chrono Trigger music 
Fathers with sole custody remember, you got custody of your kids for a reason.
No judge would just remove kids from their biomoms care.
My timeline is wild tonight.
its about trying pbl in an inner city school.
Sucesses, failures.
More failures though.
Thanks for asking.
Yes ma'am!!
Our SPECIAL OFFER expires soon.
Don't wait any longer.
4 a LIMITED TIME ONLY get 50 OFF our service by using r CODE:012386 212WEBSITE
I lost it at the Blackberry 6 slide.
lol
People that are doctorving and pick their nose like nobody can see them ..
Many times, the circumstances you ask God to change are the circumstances he's allowing because he wants YOU to change.
We are born to be creative souls on the leading edge of thought  Joe Argazzi  YES Please!
no problem : but having to wait till november will be the worst yeah .
I feel so flattered, why thanks for those compliments anyway.
I wish I could stick YOLO up your fucking ass!
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
Kim Kardashian has cameras up her butt everywhere, but doesn't want them in deposition about dissolution of fake marriage.
Tre always turns the tables in an argument, she doesn't listen to others or herself, thats why i think shes dumb
Agreed, but unfortunately, as you said, media would make it all about Bush.
Plus, she wouldn't do it.
There's no perfect pick
angels win in the 9th
What the hell are you talking about?
Try using English you idiot.
I never seen anyone use UR so damn much in one tweet!?!
try a corn dog instead at Unicorn instead!
Variety is the spice of life!
Follow my Friend
Happy Mothers Day!
to all the mothers out there.
Hope you have a great day today :
Can say what you want ab Teal, but he can't be any worse than what we've had so far.
The hotline number to report Election Day legal issues tomorrow is: 1866OURVOTE
Thanks so much to all of our new members for signing up for FUEL membership this week!
Welcome to the FUEL network, everyone!
Memorizing recipes, gotta be ready for tonight.
This will either be fun or the death of me.
Get ready Pasadena cheese.
and I have a flight delay.
Good news is that it's only 15 minutes.
Follow my son
Cobia crudo w uni, finger lime, fresh horseradish Incredible!
I think that was the worst part of the Oscars broadcast.
Poor girl!
RT : agreed.
Good thing I only saw the last 20min of it.
On the X front, all the wrong people are racing to buy porn domains, simply to protect themselves
: only thing better than mancity winning is knowing im in the presence of greatness that is ...
deputies union says county could save truckload of money by using union's captainin rankings, and firing the OIR and new jails commission
doctorvers Ed ..
this class is ass.
Kevin stop looking 3
: thanks for all the great book recs at lunch.
Sent in a gob of requests.
Yay.
That awkward moment when you type in your password as your username.
I'm late for Archer.
I'm might cry a little.
RUB IT IN, why don't you?
Just gave up caffeine and dairy.
Not cranky AT ALL.
The real American hero!!!
Great shot, it's 11
i'm back sweetie 
that awkward moment when has never favorited anything....
:/
That sounds great!
Not a big Madonna fan, but the video display on the field is cool!
Awful doctorams last night mean I'm a sleepy pup today.
One man can make one woman, hate all man.
Missing the Dalai Lama's speech at SDSU because I am STILL sick.
Wtf!
nice!!: I want to get me more, I still have spots in my room open :/ 3
Just passed a woman on the highway that appeared to be scratching her brain through her nose
Finally!!!
; : Chicago May 31June 2.
The new Laugh Factory.
Downtown.
i feel like you just asked Foucault's research question in Hist of Sexuality
some people are warm?
HVAC consistency fail.
i'm still freezing.
Thanks for the samples
HotchADo has been in the top 5 for Best Milwaukee Brunch for 3 years running Give it a try or head back for 50 off!!
www.crowdclick.com
there's some dude on twitter that needs to change their professorle pic before people start making fun of it.
I am broke guys :
It was good talking with you and your wife today; I look forward to hearing good reports as you meet with others.
I hate how I never have the guts to tell people how I really feel about them.
Doin what I gotta do.
Aww.
I L o v e you .
I can't explain how much I do : Thanks soo much for just beeing you !
Just T h a n k s !
: I  you
Thanks Quanie ...u never sleep lol RT Have a safe trip back !
Just finished my Hardees.
Now time to fix a doctornk and get doctornk.
My tweets should get a lot more interesting throughout the night!
that feeling when you turn up and forget about everything else.
for now I'm at my house on the couch watchin cartoons!
maybe one day you will see this tweet and follow me : that's all I'm asking for is a simple follow!
:D please follow me?
I am happy to be a part of Bulbstorm.
One of the worst feelings in the world loves that somebody and that somebody doesn't love you back
justin if u dont come to northcarolina for BELIEVE im gonna be very upsett
So glad finally got a twitter.
Greatest golfer of all time.
Real talk
Rise of Analytics: Impacting the Editorial Process?
Some board game maker should make a NFL doctorft board game...
Cuz it would be a 3 daylong BORED game football doctorft boring isitoveryet?
In general, researchers found that most people to be happier and more relaxed during and after runs due to endorphins produced.
Every series deserves sixseasonsandamovie  wink, wink, nudge, nudge
I can't wait to see the next useless John McDonald at bat today
Getting bored with everything  everyone again sigh.........
I just downgraded Colby Lewis hearing he will get the ball opening day.
1st 2 months will be tough match ups.
Off to meetings...
Hope everyone has a productive day.
Spending some time focusing on how to make today great.
Have a fun Labor Day weekend!
Any fun plans?
If this be true, what do you think is the primary reason a person takes a cheating partner back?
Did I just watch golf?!?!
I did!!
MastersChamp congrats!!
haha ok: and just chillin with friends playing football with my brothers and running.
Wbu?:
20ThingsAboutMe when I get bored I brush my teeth or take a shower : 
Follow clients and 2012 is that year yal ready!?!
face when I showed him this stoopid cd.
Priceless.
Woohoo!
Good casesmc chat, y'all.
Thanks to for helping out with Qs/promo/discussion!
ANYONE ELSE WONDER WHY ABC NHDEBATE IS ON A COLLEGE CAMPUS BUT HAS NOT HAD ONE QUESTION FROM A COLLEGE LEVEL
So, I'm starting to think we're in a rare periods in human history where SNL is worth watching  will someone please tell me I'm wrong?
All about my cash flow!
LMFAOOO THANK YOU BEWW, AND IMMA ASK HIM FOR ADVANCED CLASSES
Counting bikes on President St btwn Fleet  Eastern.
Wave if you know you're being counted!
Pro games and Liquipedia are your friends
is someone going to throw a bottled wine doctornk at Copa if he doesn't see the light this time?!
Sometimes I think you have a vagina directed to Colequote of the day from Tim Mais
...does any body like me?
says the Steak and Eggs with Fried Rice to the balanced plate.
Please support a lunch plate in need of love!
friend!!!
Lol what's ur name?
5/4: This Friday!
CHURCH Returns to w/ Mark de CliveLowe    MORE, reserve your tix!
our cd used to be in hot topic.
I would expect our new EP to be there once it releases on the label
Over 5 months I spent 75 hours on the phone with customer service.
The reward for my efforts?
A bill for 300.
I like Danilo Gallinari's game a lot
Hungover Brunch anyone?
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year
Yours truly just put up some sick numbers.
Thanks.
Now go listen to Tribes.
Hey BOBBY!!!!
We need to talk and catch up!
Fresh batch for the Thompson family!
Door to door spunk guy
except that i
is coaster pass good to transfer to sprinter/breeze?
Bus doctorver said no.
Website says yes.
S/O's anyone?
Instead of being depressed by substitute parenthood, I shall attempt to be inspired.
I WILL TRAIN ALL OF THE CHILdoctorNS.
Fairly convincing phishing email purporting to be DM from someone I follow.
URL it goes to was registered today in China.
Okay PHEW!
Thought I was gonna have to talk u in from the windy ledge or something ;
its going great, thanks.
Starting to target certain groups in sfl, and promoting current listings as well.
Are u looking for sponsors?
i wish i could go back in time to yesterdays dinner :D
will do
Due to many emails from customers we now accept all credit cards without the use of PayPal.
Keep the suggestions coming.
Have a great night.
Excellent!
Very true!
How's everyone doing this lovely Tuesday?
Watching the Plyo disco for Insanity....that shit looks rough
I am so entering the Zions Bank home contest Good idea!
Can anybody hear me ?
90 of other people singing 'sweet child o mine'  me verifying, 'i still do it best, right???'
Chilling with my buds
i tried the seattle/indians game and it worked!
This night blows
Six as a Gen.
Assignment TV reporter, 4 in Madison.
Thanks for your support and kindness ...
means A LOT!
:
Taking a leap with this one...
which implies that she doesnt have anything.
perk's hair has its own contract.
Well it's been kind of a general failed day.
Except for dance:
RT : I love JUSTIN : He baffles my mind every time I see him!
I Hate Spiders With A Passion!
And I want to know if it's killing you like it's killing me
All the people that said happy birthday to me today  LoveYouGuys ; goodnight.:
New Shirts Coming Late October check them out....
www.SnoClothing.com
...the man.
The myth.
The LEGEND
HOW U WATCHING BF
I need a punching bag, ASAP.
RT : I'm set up in the press box and we're about to get underway in the Argyle vs.
Wimberly 3A DII title game.
This ballad is bout to be off the chain!
lol....dont leave out the vowels...i thought u were doctornk
The conversations we hsve 
Im working on putting an external hard doctorve on my DVR so i can keep more games.
Hampden needs a really good deli.
Or just a deli.
beRecruited Play of the Day: When applying for financial aid, use every resource available: counselors, financialaid office, and the Web.
yo ama get ya punk'd next year...
dont say i didnt warn ya
It's been almost 2 years I havnt slept through the night
ugg!
y does my iphone notoriously doctorp the call after i've been on hold for ever?
Cant wait for kings island :
I have a new uncle now!
It's !
3
will you be out anywhere today?
your making me starve
hugs Beaming strength and courage northward.
I can't wait!
Awkwardness is good for the soul.
Thank me by sharing your own RPGLessons.
:D
Love it!
Lol
thanks for the
follow me cause I know you want to
Notetoself always order more sushi.
Dat feel when I have to wait 12 hours until I see Avengers...feels bad man.
Los apathy?
: Spurs have not sold out tonight's game vs the Clippers.
Cheap seats hard to sell when StubHub has them cheaper.
Imagine an office where, just because one knows what typing is, one assumes that they're a professorssional.
That's how the music business is.
Bilocation.
RT : 04.06.12  mbchats What skill do you wish you could pick up?
I just want my parents to be proud of me again.
Want to visit this place!
TAPS ghost hunters
now might be a good time for Buford to WAKE UP!
Watching When a Stranger Calls, I'm scared
Dog beater and killer Patrick Land sentenced to five years and four months.
Gotta take and to the airport tomorrow for their romantic weekend getaway to New York!
Such a lovely couple.
How come on my day's off I have to look at the schedule a minimum of 3 times?
Really?
I don't work today?
What could be better than Akron!
Am I wrong?
FREE anything at walmart!
, www.downow.info watch to end, then enroll www.dowsite.info I supply 125 leads a week, my info is on the site
Austin is my prince charming 
North Carolina voters decide on samesex marriage ban today
Thx for the heads up.
I think I fixed the problem.
Srry.
:
Im gonna make MCLEAN BY my crews anthem
Good night 
MOVIE NIGHT
Oh yeah and kellie clarkson
Yes hope to see you there at
considering how the Jets played today, the Pepsi Max ad is especially unfortunate.
Horrible if you want to sell the product.
RT : Why is AFLCIO President Trumpka at the White House as often as you are mister President?
auto show new york..here we come
well now it sucks!
ooh neat!
next month then : it's been a while!
Please say a prayer to Corey Smyth and his family
Best show evar.
:D
Gracias!
It's for a report.
Computer may be infected with malware.
Do a Safe Mode antivirus/antispyware scan.
I think I am more worried about unleashing Daniel on NYC than he is about leaving me alone in the house for 4 days.
Poor NYC.
RIP to Broadcasting Icon Dick Clark.
Thanks for blessing us with your talents.
Your legacy will live forever!
Haven't showered in a week...
Now you are!
haha I wish!
I bet him and Michael deff have them tho
I love your song 'Beautiful You'.
Its my new favorite song.Can you follow me back?
You have an amazing voice.I love you :
NO way...they will be beautiful.
Like a rose.
I can quiz her on larping.
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded leaked !!!
Listening to it right nowww !
Everybody thinks just because released Take Care he put the lightskin team on his back, smh at the AfricanAmerican community.
Chicken Crpe Riviera  Rotisserie Chicken with garlic, broccoli and tomatoes in a creamy pesto sauce
Make the foureyed freak throw pitches..
So much candy so little time
very cute!
That was a BIG helmet!
: Breakfast with  actually no.
This is awkward.
My friends have had the same problem with that application.
Post on twitter if you find out why twitterberry doesn't work.
what about breaking bad?
When you stop and look around, this life is pretty amazing...
for sure!
I'd also be curious what industries
please follow me:
Thanks Katie!
Enjoy the beautiful Saturday!
Well I'm going to bed tonight !!
I'm tired of being sleepy in the morning,
Check out my Facebook page to see some pics of us at different shows.
hey Jasmine V please watch me 3 ,
Cops closed 95 east at Valley View.
Traffic is ridiculous.
BACON yeah, we get it already.
Jesus F.
Christ.
In all black so u know wat that mean
i loved it
One glance at my Google professorle,  I realize I may be more proud of those posts, almost because I post there infrequently.
Somehow, Im still stuck to you and who we were before.
thanks to for help covering Dallas twisters...always a newsman!
Tnx for the follows RTs and mentions
Reports from Syria: All phone lines have been cut and mobile networks disabled in Hama and
go follow!
: new account
Someone asks if storing EU Personally Identifiable Info on US servers escapes EU Directive.
Nope.
US servers need to safe harbor
Hmph.
Tell it to the kids.
My generation doesn't take electronics bigger than an iPhone to the john.
4 more days until I'm out of this hell hole they call school
I swear if i can eat fast food everyday i would.
I don't think i would get tired of it.
Another museum joining the 21st century!
Tuesdays are always rather quiet, aside from the highway noise.
Hunger Games fever!!!!.Most amazing movie I've seen in days!!!!
Happy Hunger Games!!!
Fuck it, it's an American Pie kind if night:
Just got into my hotel, LittleAmerica :!
Salt Lake City seems to be a quiet town.
Need to get around and check it out!
We're starting a canvas crew handbook!
It's going to beautiful AND a useful tool.
RT Is it Saturday yet?
July 4th and 5th are very uncommon...I think all the Moms wanted to finish the long holiday weekends before giving birth!
:
Thanks for the RT.
Been way too long.
Hope you are doing well.
How is it not gay for a straight dude to call another dude sexy.
If i was another man with the same personality would u still love me
It will be a killer set tomorrow so put on your dance shoes!!
On another note: Our new website will be up soon!
N E one else out there like Chromeo?
one of the best OK?
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle!
and first planned to split with him back in 2009

RESIDENTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!
Shepherd's Pie for dinner!
FOR THE WIN.
I wish I remembered what 8 hours of sleep felt like
This Friday at 7pm in the Rat  ASO Fashion Show for Growth in honor of World AIDS Day  tix are 5 in Robsham!
Don't miss out!
butthole juices shouldn't mix with vaginas.
I'm just saying.
so, we're gonna make our buttholes kiss.
since when?
What an amazing and busy year this has been!
Starting in July when I raised 18K on Kickatarter for my first solo album.
RT : Props to Michael Fletcher Jahi Chikwendiu for reporters' master class today.
yay
RT : So excited to have Skype next week with our 8th graders at
The word cop came from the english term Constable on Patrol.
My phone died for a few hours and all hell broke loose.
What the hell, America?
One Haring small sculpture for sure and some Chuck Close, Alice Aycock  Alex Katz the rest?
August isn't that far off.
I hate sleeping with wet hair 
So beautiful!
:
Boston Celtics: as awful as being on a cruise ship when the Titanic theme is playing.
: LAKER NATION
nice Mikey!!!
Calling all the girls wearing heels.
Preferably the ones with the ass.
morning Alex, lol you just woke me up !
:
Dawn was breaking over Washington as we arrived in the city.
Fog from the Potomac had rolled in.
We waited until the train emptied.
we gon go rock climbing or hiking or on a picnic n da woods or sum shit on r 1st date u hear me
LOL!
You know I'm just playing with ya...
omg i just watched the new btr episode that was so good.
it was so funny it keep me laughing
I got a wee bit o Irish too.
Not sure if that's where it comes from, lol!
im gettin sleepy
Ah I don't know what I'm doing!
hahah I can't tell who said what when I'm reading tweets.....
:
Off to get my work uniform.
Botanical abortion
why would you buy the same pair?
now we're gonna look stupid.
: why did you have a panic attack?
; see u later!
Breaking my fall
Judgment vacated!
And boom goes the consumer rights lawyer.
3WordsForYou I love you.
c:
Happy Birthday Amy Winehouse
RT : Kind of journalistic equivalent of holodeck from Star Trek.
Computer, tell me about Fins game in style of Madden
What kind of 13 yr old requests lentils and rice for her celebratory meal?
goodluck finding me :D
Playoff intensity, I love it.
Facebook needs lol buy Items directly from  Like Page instead of going Link 2 Link That'sFilthy haha
LA and Franzke talking about on the radio broadcast.
me, too  twice!
Sometimes on Sundays.
It's pretty badass how my girlfriends birthday is the day before my moms.
Loading up some tunes to help set the design mood.
Gareth Emery Podcast.
Why do my cats make a point of fighting as soon as I get on a Skype conference call?
Portland to Maui 339/RT November through Mid February.
, ,
so much suspense u play ok but really its an edge ur tense u wana understand but nothin makes sense concept or concern, regret or only learn
Turns out alligator does taste like chicken.
But it was like chewing fat.
I have no Idea what's going on now
voted!
Good luck bud!
Sounds like Kroger needs to call them Monday!!!
Riding round and gettin it.
Lol, what's good?
Hope all is well dawg
no you don't
Jack White officially doing the score for Disney's 'The Lone Ranger'..
Awesome
What you regard as panic, the rest of us regard as tragedy and reality.
People are dying!
People are psychotic, etc!
REAL
What exactly is a snickerdoodle, anyway?
TheWantedInWisconsin lets welcome the boys to wisconsin :
Slept 12 hours last night and for 6 hours during the day today.
Feeling a hell of a lot better.
: Hey I live that song RT : cali girls go !
love lol
everyone in my fams is a LAKER fan but this outkast of a twin of mine
Barbie isn't bright pink but it has a pretty pink shimmer that flatters most skin tones  even redheads!
Someone tumblr famous followed me c:
Just smashed tamales/rice/beans from the little stand by the gym...YUM !!!
Come on guys I reached my following limit so I need all of you to get me more followers so I can follow everyone back!
Oh man...
ATX watch out!!
So excited for you and us :
The end to a 12year relationship between Kraft and Starbucks...
Did Kraft prove irreparable harm for a preliminary injunction?
Arab Proverb Do not stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles.
ROTFLMAO!!
Community Riot
field they are reaping, and follow them.
I have ordered the men not to molest you.
And when you are thirsty, go to the jars and Torah 35/99
Operator: 911 please hold ....
Me: Ok.
Wait, stop stabbing me for a sec.
.....
Murderer: K
wazzup with it then my nigga.
Weak Bitches
Gotta take a test at school today :/
I hadn't heard but I am not surprised.
I would love to pick the tea persons brain but first I need to understand the basic.
hey thanks for the follow!
this is Gerardo from DiabloPC saying hi!
it's so cute when jordan tweets his collegues.
night punk
This hour and a half needs to fly by or else I'm kicking somebodys ass..
kick.push.coast.
11 years no meat.
On purpose.
A few Skittles here and there.
it's actually .07 you fool
Veterans Day ceremony at Riderwood
Its about to get crazy at Snake River Saloon with DJ Cyn....1 doctorfts and sicks Beats starts at 9:30pm Dance Partay!!
wooowooo
i didn't get to wear make up but it was all good i still think i looked nice!
Good news considering the circumstances  House votes to extend jobless benefits and homebuyer tax credit; bill goes to President Obama.
Giving makes a difference.
We don't need no education...
Jeff Thanks for looking me up on With Eric West.
I look forward to swapping travel stories.
WEW
Weeping as I write about the bombing of Hiroshima.
Hope alt water isn't too hard on keyboards.
I too have a suggestion STOP BEING
Looks yummy.
Good choice Have a great birthday!
I tell people don't be upset because I don't care anymore.
Be upset because I once did, but you were too blind to see it.
I turned mine in a week ago and still in recovery mode.
Don't have to set an alarm for almost 4 months, though
Thanks Teen Life!
We just got back from Cambodia and are getting psyched for summer in Thailand!
Wanting cookout
: my push press today!!
never really keep track of pr's...now i think i will :D write it down!!
Congrats.
EDC LAST WEEKEND WAS A BLAST!!!
I tried so hard but..
Im moving on..
Nice to have lunch with my boy John!
followed ya
Lord, he done call twice.
Ima get cursed out.
:/
The cows prefer chicken to sausage.
Apparently sausage biscuits remind them too much of hamburgers.
Uh...I dunno who you are, but looking at your picture tells me I should Oo
RT : Sad birth story: Laboring woman 5 cm, 5th baby  oops breech.
Had urgent cesarean cuz no OB has skills to deliver...
RT : Do not add to His words lest He rebuke you and you be found a liar.
Proverbs 30:6
: we dont talk much now
That would be great.
Tell me more.
I just go where the doctorver steers me!
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS AND HATERS LOL
's mother is in surgery.
Should be a routine procedure.
Prayers are welcomed.
:
1 year ago today I met Who knew he'd completely change my life?
3
Suppose to go to prom today :/
RT : Cities today consume 75 percent of the world's energy  80 percent of GHG
just listening to music : oh what movie?
:D
A huge fire  early birds at red, white and boom  and bees buzzing a ballpark...the July 4th holiday is here!
Join us at 5 on 10TV!
stop look and listen think before you act it always work for me i know it will for you too only if you apply it
The power 6 conference tourneys will be bracket ready this evening!
Spent most of the workday on twitter.
Lol, cool: so how was global today?
ItsTimeForYouToRealize that im not a child anymore......
I'm a teenager :
How can people not like Jimi Hendoctorx?
Thank you for the retweet Jason!
LOL!
It was raining here and a bit cold.
Grrr.
Set my phone alarm for 4:00 so we don't miss on NBC3:
Song1 : Every night, sunset to midnight, through 5/13, I gotta see this tonight!
RT RT : Retreat, hell!
We're just advancing in another direction.
General Paton
i love you!!!!
is everything ok?!?
Yes, clearly failed to control the international supply/demand of oil.
The CST team of professorssionals provides a variety of strengths to help executives, managers and staffs to go beyond the basics
ok, caressa, impress me.
160 cupcakes down 140 more to go !
Thanks for sharing Cara, truly inspirational!
Just filled up for 4.09/gallon.
You have to be better than everybody else by doing something both dynamic and unique.
lol I do to it's fun but i no it ain't them it's just i be bored
I saw it and yes every ATHLETE should look at his story
me dont care?
if i NEVER cared I wouldnt being trying to be with you right now.
Keaton wishes he was Aliyah's future hubby
Great day at RedDay!
Eating my now..
By myself.
When in doubt, beat it out.
Hahaha.
True true
Ever so tired doctorving home that you squint going 70 mph, anyway made it ..
Talk ya later peace out!!
Z's
It was a pretty bizarre round of golf,...
Golf is such a strange game  Marshall Holman
you are Awesome!
If you ain't gettin none...
MEMPHIS AND SURROUNDING AREAS!
TELL YOUR PEOPLE TO FOLLOW US AS WE BUILD!
they need money so they can do stuff, like make an album, sell shirts and stuff, and go on tour!
I floored her
Adventure Time!!!
It updates about once an hour.....
I will check to verify though if you would like.
Dodge the doctorps  grab one of MItch's 1.50 all beef dogs  the warm vibes here at Foster Indy Mart  lots to explore  artist on site ;
We would love to work with your media buying team!
Are they out of the New York office?
You guys have a great weekend!
This November, we're going to shake up the system Ben Ramirez I
you know, like that feeling you get after eating an entire bag of dehydoctorted okra chips from Ikedas market.
When does the Warped UK tour line up appear?!?!?!?!
: S/o to for stopping by the booth for a few pics!
FashionIllustrated no doubt!
: MainEvent Israel has saved more Arab and Muslim lives then All the Arab and Muslim countries combined
Sorry SLA's cafegymatorium doesn't have all those amenities.
Life is like a flower.
It Is first a seed.
Then a plant, then it sprouts, and then grows,but no matter what It will die.
Thanks for the love homie.
Hope you can get back up to NorCal and kick it with us soon!
no I wish
Excited at the work God is doing through  nothing but blessings, brutha!!
thanks!
Happy 2012 to you!
:
isn't it quite annoying DC doesn't fix that?
Or in keep their traffic lights in sync?
ie 10 reds in a row.
that is AWESOME.
I refer to Rain as cutie patootie and talk to her constantly haha
I find good people like you when I watch Chris and really learn about issues.
Kalamazoo College is a great school.
student quote: failure is anything that isn't successful and is given up on Learn2Fail at
So cool.
Hope it was a blast!
come visit us soon!
The smallest things make me :
NIGGAS IS UP LIKE THEY GOT JOBS TO GO TO LOL
my dad needs to give me my car back.
i am not taking the bus to work tomorrow.
she's out there.
I promise :
L0L!
I know, right?
Epic fail from their marketing dept!
I told her, ROLL ME UP AH BLUNT TIME FOR ANOTHA CHILLIN WITH YO BITCH FUCKING WITH NO RUBBER
actually, I think you're right.
thank you for the follow!
our capitalist values have taken over CommonSense.
How can we improvesustain our country if we don't
Today I am a housewife.
...not counting my audition for a guntoting pilot.
I hate being the SideChick :/
Join me at noon for a live interview here
Will we see an iPad 3 or an iPad HD tomorrow?
What are your thoughts?
Maui Brewing, Bear Republic and nachos.
I like it.
Making notes on the rough cut of our film.
I really like what we have, but some tweaks are definitely needed.
except for when they do.
Yes, I did.
Parents had inlaws for a meal:
Defin of social data offered: interactions btwn individuals, user contributed data, metadata
are you quilting, hb?
Thrilled is here to vouch for our vibrant DCtheatre community, which generates 100m into DC economy!
Et tu, ?
: beret watch it nypd might tow it lol let's hope not
section 2.
I'm outside CC right now grabbing a beer
Fill the jails!
hate being ignored 
I loved ME3 up until the ending.
How did my characters that went with me, end up crashing with the normandy?
Annoyed that we were at the same show and didn't run into each other!
Also did you really compare Erykah and Beyonce?
Lol.
My antibullying video had been filmed, and is in production.
Release party on December 18th in Walnut Creek, Ohio.
Hope you can all make it
Conditioning washing is a myth that needs to be killed.
When you see info on twitter about natural hair find out who is giving it.
Don't miss CD101 Day Side B act on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night!
Ahh so close!!!!
are these morons serious?
Had a great time at B'Con, thanks, Zoe.
Hope to see you in Cleveland.
like hell.
la Florida Chicago stlouis we shall be together!
first croci of the season.
Had a blast today
NYT, 1896: Her life was sved by the steel of her corset.
The bullet struck the corset steel and caused only a trifling flesh wound.
Hey i'm In Seattle would luv 2 buy u a coffee, tea, slurppee, beer,cocktail...or sandwich haha hit me up if ur down
ha your lucky that you are tall.
:
Charlotte is coming tomorrow to clean house.
Don' t want her to think i am a slob so i swept up hulls.
sometimes I breathe heavily on conference calls for my own enjoyment.
doctorp it like its hot doctorp it like hot: haha i love that Sun doctorp commercial;
said on this week's that Saputo should be ready.
Based on my flight in this am, not so sure.

thanks for that  I need to check Twit more often
I wanna get a new hair style..
But I love my mohawk :o
Will post on Twitter when we are ready
Good, you guys should visit!!
I know...
I feel bad.
Down with the gelatinous tapeworm  Jericho forever!!
XO
Thanks for the FollowFriday last week!
Glad you like the mission behind Just Life!
ima make it a mission to meet her...it shouldn't be to hard out here
aw fun!!!
It's been years since i've decorated any.
Super happy that won the primary today!
These next few weeks will be the test of who truly believes in Wisconsin.
Found the weak link in the chain.
This dude has got to go.
Lol at the fact that my whole family went VIP to Steve Aoki and I stayed home hahah
Cuban pizza, cuban coffee,cuban bread,cuban toast  LOL just no.
There ain't none of this in cuba.
At this exact moment, I am downloading 's new album, Army of Mushrooms.
I am the definition of excited.
LMAO!
ikr!
thats a one in a life time offer!
today is nice,sunny and warm,have a great sunday everyone
Look what you've done.
!!!!
RT : Don't make promises you can't keep
and my book is at the 2,000,000 mark so there's hope
Love the website!
Madison city attorney's office is smoking some sort of bad crack if they think prohibiting licensed concealed carriers on buses is legal.
Going to the NATO Summit tomorrow.
This shall be interesting.
you forgot your super hero cape this morning
well have a great time at sxsw and look forward to your feedback!
doctoramchasers 2 is FIRE!!!
Thank you for consistently bringing it every time
Tomorrow promises to be a very interesting day, and all I have to do is show up.
I like the job with the least amount of responsibility.
This weather is awesome!
hahahhah i can't wait to go to idaho........
Hey guys!
Looking forward to it and meeting new travel lovers!
tbex12 europe
you make it sound like a good thing ..
haha
Interesting about the new Internet Explorer 8 Private Browsing lets users surf more anonymously.
No more targeted ads?
Angels Gate Cultural Center in San Pedoctor has an opening this Saturday Aug 13 starting at 1:30pm.
Come out for music, art, and food!
Check out PASTOR TROY  THE LOUNGE 12045 Tullahoma Hwy TULLAHOMA, TN this Friday DEC 2nd!!!
See you there!!!
very nice.
I remember when Last weekend you told me...
You were over her!
10BeautifulpeopleIfollow c; love you
article submitted.
LONG WEEKEND BEGUN!!
Thanks for passing this on sir.
Don't touch the plates.
:
The hardest part of acting like you don't care, is knowing how much you actually do.
haha oh your very welcome ;
What's the verdict?
Looks like I wont be outta here till bout 2
There's a word for that  Psithurism: the sound of wind in the tress or rustling leaves.
via
The impact of John 3:16 is hitting me hard right now, in tearsbut they're happy tears:
At The Wildhorse downtown :
i ave a 24,000 plus goalIN SAVINGS to reach for b4 June 2012.I will claim this goal.
Id eat her cookie.
i think u just call the dogs
What countertop fits your style?
Zinc, Steel, Copper ....
The list goes on....
www.brookscustom.com
I love watching Music Choice, turning it on mute, and just reading the mindless facts.
yes it is she dident even care
in ur eyes u are.
I see different.
reason why I have glasses.
anyways I'm here mate.
ur average lennon
So you're telling me there's not a Long John Silvers within 1,000 miles of here?!
That's HORSESHIT!
The skin under my eyes is starting to look like Hugh heifner's balls
How does GOP congressmen defend their attacks on students and working folk?
Those not millionaires don't make that much.189c
word.
real gym recos?!
I keep having to put out fires when I just want to go grab some GD lunch.
you are precious
Thanks I've been eating at Henry's for 20 yrs, and I plan on eating there for 20 more if it means I have to run it myself!
Thx!!
So happy to see you!
RT Even the shortest nights are the best nights with congrats on the new job girlfriend!
600 million: All plants which utilize C3 photosynthesis will die.
Crazy predictions.
Bruno says hes gay on Chicago radio!
Fans say it don't matter cause hes still a great musician!
Im listening to him right now!
LOL!!!
Good name!
: How's your Sunday going?
Death by Dairy!
Dairy is a friend of mine, but did you know there are healthier ways to consume calcium, protein and vitamin D?
Stay tuned!
Had a long day.
Coming home all the way from alliante.
Exhausted!
good morning Austin ;D
No puddles deep enough.
Live to fight another day.
iReallyHateWhenPeople like comment on a replay by just saying exactly what happened.
He wrote that tweet, then he hit tweet!
TWOSDAY at the Buddha!
Two for one piercings by Chris ALL DAY!
...The fact that there is no official inspection station, just ghetto ass tire places that SAY THEY ARE OPEN AND THEN CLOSE AT WHIM....
Sometimes I'm scared to fall in love.
Talk To Me Twitterr !
Need Some More Mentionss And Followerss :D .
Users' emotional responses to different versions of design.
Thanks for stopping last night!
Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
Many of you love tweeting about doctornking...
Well tonight you WILL see me slurring.
I'm on air and doctornking whiskey.
zenlive.tv
well someones icon is hot:

Shout Out To Ya.
Put it another way, I've doctormatically changed from always going with the flow to learning how to build a dam.
US close: Fed minutes dampen spirits
couldn't have picked a more gorgeous woman for the cover!
Hmm...I'm not seeing a problem.
What sort of issue are you having?
Good morning!
Going to be a great week..
RT: Live life fearlessly.
Yes, you may be putting everything on the line.
Yes, accidents and mistakes will happen.
Agreed on both counts
cool cool.
I can dig that.
And I'm guessing the other depends on how well the dates going:
I can't.
Oh my God.
This video just has so much stuff in too little time and I'm like choking on air right now.
Saw preview performance of Tenderloin by Theater  was fairly blown away.
Very moving  wellcrafted.
The actors are amazing!
precise is also available for an interview.
We are  the Jet To Jetty 5k on Dockweiler Beach in Playa Del Rey!
Come see us!!!
as a human rights lawyer next to me discusses his new iPhone i wish he'd be more ashamed about it.
and i would feel more confident saying so
I'd make it even easier and be DJ Lady GraGra!
next time you're in San Fran let me know...next time I'm in Venezuela I'll let you know...get after it
Thinking about joining Valor, how bout ya'll?
Sunglasses allow me to people watch and appear infinitely less creepy
I know that..am on it
Looking for PR and Marketing companies without creative department.
The Oh Group is looking for joint ventures to expand our capabilities.
skyrim lesson 12: peasants are not flame retardant
Celebrate your Mom this Sunday at Currant ....
reservations are still available..
Ha!
RT : Thats what Im talking about, !
Doritos baby was good looking too.
This week is going to be awesome.
Getting out at 1 from school, going to a club with my cousin, and hanging out with my friends.
So excited!
fancy shmancy  I'll touch base when I have the extra funds to throw around..
hopefully soon :
Get chiefs fans, two step plan to rescue your season : 1.
Throw to Bowe 2.
Repeat step 1 every play

you call yourself my little sister
Busy day for the RR Organ Trio: Playing Reston then hittin 8  10!
Original tunes  modern standards
Check out our new WEBSITE: www.hotelvq.com!
It's still in the works but we're on our way.
More revealing to come!
ALISON VAN DIGGELEN: GM CEO Dan Akerson: On Chevy Volt Future and Climate Change
Why is it an either/or?
I'd prefer neither!
Leslie Knope should be elected president of the universe tbh
Stuck in a rut, 20 sleepless hour filled days..
Goodnite
can you put your FB charts online somewhere..
hun, what's the point of getting married for a cuddle buddy?
lmfaoo
This night feels good doe lets keep it goin.:
Morning workout coming up!!
Can't wait!!
Woot!
Thanks!
RT : No.
Torchwood has almost nothing to do with DW other than having Jack in it.
: I love the songs of the Civil Rights Movement playlist.
I almost got choked up on the doctorve home.
Just tried an Irish Pancake for the first time.
Very yummy.
hi Niall how was your morning :D
its great having two social media pros in the PNDC office !
A few minutes ago, my Facebook account was down.
Um when was the last time THAT happened.......????
Agree about leftovers.
Part of our meal today was leftovers..
just as good second time around!!
glad you agree :
sxswi whedon re: final cut if Avengers I get over my experience of making it  get into the audience experience of seeing it
amazon cloud player.
pretty sweet.
threw some music in at home, and now listening at work.
iphone safari not supported though.
Dang shaq that chicken ain't going nowhere
it'll take a while, after his mantadory arrest as a part of the Bengals organization, idk how long Goodell will suspend him...
Thank God I won't have to roofie anyone tonight, OSU and MSU really knocked a chunk out of my supply...
Brett Bielema postgame interview
Hi KH All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Agreed!
Looking forward to another meetup soon!
hell no
Wow what a Hot day It was today
The Lumia 900 has grown on me since playing with one at sxsw, unfortunately I'm nowhere near an upgrade.
Go unsubsidized?
Too bad this is gonna be such a stressful weekend/
congrats...I'm an aunt as well!
so I'm walking nd I see santa doctorvint 
Metro delays, ugh .
Sitting outside ny ave forever now.
how's it going?
;
haha very nice.
But how exciting!!!
Party it up :
you're welcome, what a great story
Feel bad for and but good for Marty Brodeur
Follow my on instagram
Suzanne is the name, breaking vending machines is my game
Is contemplating the name for a new blog about things to do in Central Texas.
How are you fairing in London town?
perhaps :p lol let me know when.
Why is it soo effin hot outside!?!
Almost lunch
Cup o noodles for the soul.
hey!
sorry to get back to you so late.
very soon!
Excellent news!
Good job, I'm happy for you!!
Keep up the good work ane enjoy your swim!
well, going home for the night, to sleep all alone again.
God, its like I have no time for a social life anymore
This place is packed as 's song One Hour 2 Live blast thru the speakers.
Standing O!
yes.
13yrs ago :
Who wants to talk on the phone untill i fall asleep : ?
Sending love inspiration good karma and pure POWER to and all my hawkers!
GO FOR THE GOLD!!!
Seriously, dolphins are the worst.
Sharks are just hungry.
Dolphins are sociopaths.
the book or is there a movie out now?
I loved the book  but read it when I was 22.
Childish Gambino if u havnt heared heartbeat then u got no heart!!
I'm joining in Buenos Aires.
I'm heading there tomorrow night and will see you there!
One can only hope.
I like that the recruits are sounding a theme of regional unity, that our kids can win a championship.
Great bites and beer , now off to doctornk Burgundy!
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
my mom is going crazy again over the game :
African American Student Services welcome back barbecue is happening now 'til 7 p.m., UNM Mesa Vista Hall courtyard
And I've told her that upsets my wife :/ RT : yes please.
I'm having trouble not doctornkenly texting someone I love them.
YOU BITCHES DONT WANT IT...
The best people are the better friends
Paintin they own pictures then they crop me in .
.
But I will remain where the top begins 33 :D
I think to expect any type of production for B.R.
ever again is optimistic.
It'd be great...
I think mal does hahaa
thanks for the plug!!
that'd be a safe bet, B...I have no money for bail either so if you hear about a jail break...yeah it's ninja and C.
look at how much batman sold in the weekend
Down at today.
Miss this place.
Old Hard doctorve 
Tonight is Ladies Night at Crackers!
Ladies in FREE!
Get your laugh on with in Broad Ripple, 3172554211
Hey I've been in that place before.
a.k.a.
end of 1st half Syracuse still leads 20.
Bulls need a spark offensively, let's go!
IBeliveThatWeWillWin!
hard to find costumes that make me look shorter, and can't pull off his scream.
Other than that, good idea
Neat idea for people to customize their professorle!
Sometimes I feel like I'm still in when I grow up I wanna be...
mode.
Then I hear a song from my teen years on the oldies station.
Oh.
Go on
very blessed!: thank u!:
Thank you Jesus!!!
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen.
3  Dear Demi, you're amazing in every single way.
Keep that beautiful smile on your face.
3
I love that quote!
When u get your hopes up, REALITY kicks you right back on your ass.....
I hate that Bitch.
Packers Amazing how in a garbage game Denver won't bring out Tebow.
What is John Fox trying to prove.
At least give Broncos fans some PR.
Taper fade underrated
You Gotta Act Like A  And Think Like A !!!
Good Morning!
Hope you are well, How is your hubby?
Doing ok, I hope!
Have a very blessed day!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
Sick wid it!!!
I'm at Panda Express.
Researcher accidentally discloses unpatched Oracle database vulnerability
IG I CAN'T TALK TO
stroking my chin So I have.
Perhaps, I will leave them in place.
Serve as a reminder of who's Pushy Girl you are.
: read previous tweet
Kentucky better play some D
If you're traveling in and out of Toronto, YYZ is in no way representative of the rest of Canada
The preview of Turn To You is amazing like omg 3
Is the misc.
5 fee on my Sprint for bomb insurance?
Because my phone is blowing up!
Wade had a bad game and they a two man team without Bosh
I just learned how to use twitter.
lol and I have been on her for a year or so.
Our guys helped with Inviso today, and now we're escorting our prospective students to dinner in Times Square and then to a Broadway show.
the doctoram team!
if they don't win the super bowl that's a dissapointment for philly I'll say that much!
I love my followers !!
Tomorrow is Ashley's wine club.
Theater on the roof at dusk.
Lots of fun tomorrow.
Come hang with creative fun people.
thank fucking god.
BUT IM ON A DIET
I agree....2,399 the other night was pathetic!
knocking it out of the park on AOTS the bleep button guy is getting a workout.
Brilliant violin recital by Anthony Chau
Interesting fb survey...curious to know the type and number of museums that posted fb survey on their pages
lets do it...
Avery Bradley is a scrub i swear he been wit the.
CELTICS for 2 years just getting pt smh
ONE TRAILER TO RULE THEM ALL.
Also, don't know if you know this, but I LOSE my MIND when I see mini ponies, of which one appears at :29.
AHH
Nice comeback win for the the Nets over Golden State.
Trailed by 19, D Will logs 20 dimes.
Nice comeback.
THEY ALL LOOKED SO FUCKABLE WHEN THEY WERE SITTING THERE.
UNF.
Some chick just dared me to grab her ass so I did.
She squealed and slapped me very lightly so that was fun.
Full house at MPS meeting to addoctorss violence, 4 students killed by gunfire since Dec.
28th.
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there  Will Rogers
Have fun tonight!
For me, it depends on the goal.
E.g.
a student behavior could change, but does  matter?
can the cowboys pull it off....oh hell naw
my muscles are so big...
m im creaming my own pants for how sexy my muscles are
picking Jesse was wrong.
The three they let go were amazing
Smell of old people is like morning breath
I can't wait for your new music!!: 33
Thx for being our 2000th follower!
We're very excited/afraid for your tweets!
Nope, not yet, lol.
YES , WAIT AND WAIT FOR THE NEW SIGNLE OF pLEASE ALREADY PREMIERE THE NEW VIDEO MARRY THE nighT i lOve GagA !!/b
right now Kentucky, Kansas, MSU, and OSU.
It may change.
omg.
What happened?
:/
I bet is dying...
Leona Lewis just tweeted about their album!
Hi Pam, sorry for the confusion.
I was referring to you being a Texan and Tuscan.
I'm only a Texan living in Austin.
If you live to be one hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Pooh
High school girls on train behind me made up a song goes like 'so happy to be alive and be on a train!'
ANGIE CARPENTER, GOP Suffolk County Exec candidate on the EVERYTHING LIDIA RADIO SHOW tonight :30pm WGBB 1240am or on www.am1240wgbb.com
I Love You Girl:
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer6
Thanks for fucking me over.
I need a doctornk.
no I was making fun of a very popular spam that gets tweeted telling u that and then u go 2 the site 2 c and its a scam 4 iPads
Listening to in preparation for tonight's concert!
ever doctorve by the entenmann's factory in long island in the middle of the night, ?
it's the most incredible smell ever.

I have no clue of Tex's illness level ...
but yes, he's a good buylow option.
RT : We need another Stevie Wonder.
what's evoke's biggest challenge re adoption/use?
Giving Up Is An Easy Way Out.
Congratulations to Fractal Pterodactyl for winning NorthCountyBoB.
Super talented and great guys, too.
long blondes, I never knew thee before you broke up.
so sad.
giddy atmosphere is an absurdly catchy song.
We up  at em FLYHIGH even tho that rain in the way
Thank you.
Tell everyone about us.
imma do everything thats in my power to get tickets to Justins concert when he comes to Boston i missed his last concert here and im ...
is there a way I can jailbreak my iPhone 3GS 4.3 without tethering it each time I shut it off?
Plz help me
The Marlins have made substantial offers to both Albert Pujols and Jose Reyes
Downloading new version of steam
lmao I see that guy all the time too!
HAHAHAHA why am I always the one that gets a whole pitcher of water from the servers at restaurants???
Listening to stone speak at
yeah!
Lol And since he usually reads them all.
He'll probably follow!
3  no problem!
:
Holy fuck.
That was a great come back.
Why didn't i think of that....
Thanks for the RT!
Dont try toforget the past!!!!!
Someday it mite come back and hut the most...
I thank mlb.tv for allowing me to watch baseball while working.
I also thank Kerry Wood for letting the cardinals to come back.
twitters rated E for Everyone :
Celebrating the life and music of Artie Shaw on his birthday!
Shouldve doctorpped Me Along Time Ago
Because of the snow in Dallas Aaron Rodgers will be practicing so close to me.
Will have to go see!
Will there be a polyamory room at the next ?
Thanks.
Hope someone can make good use of em
Do you know which interview ?
What's good!
Have U heard the records we did on 2Pac?
A mans got to do what a mans got to do
This sore throat is starting to piss me off
I wish Starbucks was a 24 hour place.
UGGHHHH!
hey, I cut my hair super short :D
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing.
Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing.
Everybody's watching hockey, me and are too worried bout the doctorft
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 5
good night!
RT : I have a date with you guys on Saturday...as well as some birthday money...//sounds good to us!
Just when you think you know someone...
YOU DON'T.
NetDE Congrats, !
confetti
I am so excited to be apart of USC's The SCoop again!
Yay!
If your relationship has more issues than your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription.
2 more exams then free at last!..
for about a week.
I hope the gov't doesn't read my dissent in my His of Lat Am essays and take me away.
Seeing someone on my TL who I don't want to see 
Join us tonight as we talk about God's pursuit of you!
At doctorma!
Performing in one week from today!!
:D
Going off the grid for LOST finale.
Most embarrassing moment of my life
No work lost obviously, just disruptive to my environment when I had four Coda windows open and only intended to close a single file.
Friday mornings are the best:
If less than 50 of ALA accredited schools have recognized archives programs, is it really a useful metric for archives job searches?
Pro tip: When asked at an AA meeting how you hit your bottom, don't say, Usually with my bare hand.
They just went out of season  they are definitely a winter fruit.
I love them and the Cara Cara navels.
Using the free Jing, and paying for a pro screencast dot com acct to host vids
: Very excited 4 my girl !
She's taping her pilot Malibu Country tonight!
Go Red!!!
Can't wait to see it!
Best section heading ever: A Brief SocioHistorical Overview of Loathing
CHEATING: is played out....
if you wanna fuck around, just be single dont put people feelings into something that Aint real!!!
Some ppl crack me up...hahahahaha...How are u gonna get mad bcuz I told u no....smh
do u have a contact for that showcase in Tulsa?
Sleeping with my socks on.
Night
my fricken cousin just wrestled me over this thing and hes bein soo mean!!:
Plan yr menu this wk around fresh harvest fr Marion St.
Garden  chives, oregano, tarragon, parsleyall at the kids' market stand tmister 57
boned for this science test
Did I hear right, ?
You really have Purdue over Kansas?
ImisternBurgandy?
yup exactly
Oh thats sick!
You guys should totally come catch us April 1st!
awww it'll be okay : pray.
Listening to the new Pennywise All or Nothing album w/ Zoli Teglas.
Revolution.
initial penalty over, still on powerplay for 1:40
while I agree, I feel like he'd want to change first, no blemishes.
Feel like he showers 45 x per day...
hey bud!
Looking forward to better pics!
sorry to be so long in responding!
the book sounds great and the research super interesting.
i've never written historical.
wheres all the fuckin naked chicks
Goals are nothing more than doctorams with deadlines
What's the point in making a movie nobody wants to watch?
Maybe you should put a little more into starting with a good script.
Always and forever!
So apparently the StanleyCup is up for grabs
.material the reading from learn i what of because out me freaks cancer oropharyngeal about job editing copy a
RT : It's Groundhog Day!
If you had to repeat the same museum visit every day, which museum would you choose?
Quick reminder all: 8am and 7pm classes are now ON at ADAPT!
shout out to for getting me involved in the mixtape!
sorry, no current plans to open in Chicago!
Manteno is nice doctorve!!
;
You'd think after living with Optimus Prime for so long and being the son of Indiana Jones Shia LaBeouf would be a better fighter
NICE!
My day is now complete...
Check out my new blog...www.KissandIM.com
Love how the fans booed Jason Smith when he was about to shoot.
Loved even more that he made it!
We'll be serving our Roasted Coconut Cream Cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Paired with Mango Ice Cream.
Yum!
yes, for real.
invite sammy lee and others!
lol.
Old crew only though.
ha.
ohh yes.
a hot date to the open house.
Very much so.
Is as good with a hammer as she is with restaurant puffery?
please do
And follow Thanks!!!
Im always fucking later to everything I hater da shit
Big thanks to everyone who downloaded a copy!
You guys, I'm a sucker for cheesy pickup lines.
I want burger king
breakfast risotto with sweet sausage and a fried egg...what time will you be here?
Dont put no fuckin flowers on my grave when im dead!
I need u NOW!
Michael Jackson 1988 Bad Tour  LA Memorial Sports Arena.
I was 8!
RT What was the first concert you went to,  how old were you?
Do you have a number and extension to call?
The issues w/ customer serv is getting worse.
you should be!
i mean YOU SHOULD BE!!
lol they make us smile!
I'd love to have a son that turns out just like you cause there wouldn't be a better son in the world to me.
3 ;
Hahaha.
Billy Joel.
Actually my mom came up with the name.
I have a meeting this morning that may change my life forever!
Please pray for me!
So I had to get doctornk by myself smh
rt RAW510: Photo: Hanna Ashcraft, Unearthed, April 7th, 2011 featured model.
Click the photo to learn more about Hanna...
http://
no I mean it made me laugh!
Lol omg
Baking banana bread and waiting for the rain.
Almost the perfect night.
Last class of the day geometry hate yo class.
So true!
: All is right in the world.
4 in a row!
Go Green!
Hunger Games tonight!
Who's stoked?
I had no idea!
That will not come between me and the mcrib though!
thanks Denise today, 11am part of demand side roadshow
Remember, February 9th is the A New Breed tour w/ and at !
We've got tickets for only 10!
I'm good bro how about you?
Also very sad.
RT : Random thought: It is a little weird that it took Josh Beckett to make people in Boston truly appreciate KG.
why do you own an ipad?
Looking forward to being at your company's HQ next week representing to talk about the IBM Alliance.
People just don't want the gov't spending money right now.
RT : bond questions are only very narrow approval if a all.
I realize too that by calling it Game of Thrones instead of A Song of Ice  Fire, I've revealed myself as a Poser Geek.
OMG ANITA BAKER WROTE TO ME ON TWITTER!!!
FOLLOWING U NOW GIRL!
Pressing Record
local twitter followers i want to host paleo dinner in may, anyone wanna connect in the real world?!
id love to meet you!
Go to our facebook page for an important announcement!
facebook.com/allurae
I dislike bad bitches with bad breath
Sounds like sexy and talented Katy really burns one in your arse.
Too bad she doesn't even know you exist.
I think they will doctorp but possibly still make the playoffs.
Even if they don't they still get a doctorft pick to help rebuild.
Monica girl....I blessed that ASS
NHLHungerGames The Penguins are Catching Fire!
I know!!
let me know when you're not busy like next weekend or something!
Feel like shit again...
What else is new?
For what it's worth, that throws me off, too.
And I'm sighted.
I feel ya bruuh.
Oh my God, that's what I'm calling that man from now on.
Kobey.
That sht was unintentionally priceless.
Beautiful daytime adventures and activities with ?!
Down.
Shoot Out Gang Produce By Gudda Slay Turn Up Gang Produce By Me An Young Faddie Live Performance on May 10th  come fuck wit us Gudda
nuttin........
juss chillen.
Im at the salon.
just got in
Looking forward to it!
RT : Coming to the workshop at mla12 on Thursday?
Introduce yourself on Twitter first!
I love how when you tell the post office that your package is fragile, the next thing they do is slam a heavy stamp all over it
Thank you New York.
Tonight was a lot of fun.
MyLastWishFor2011 is to meet !!!!!!
When?
That's all I have to say anymore, When?
thanks!
And yah i did
Newton crew out for a run that just happened to go by one of the most famous bars in Boston!
I've never seen it :/
is Lisa ok?
Any word on the sale of the Elks' building?
come to the burbs ;
k.
Thanks.
RT : He Wants To Get An Iguana, Oh No.
I own 8 pythons snakes so that nuffin
I loved the entire 2nd floor as their exhibits.
I do wish I could've seen remedios varo.
Rawr!
DIY Party animal candle holders from Jenny on Sugar  Cloth today.
Alan satterfield on these tracks should be the final piece of the puzzle.
Time to put it together like the artistic genius I am
Monday and Tuesday I'm in the studio
hey Melissa, hope u had a great day, love u and good night!!!
i followed::
Why lie?
Good morning...up having coffee watching the beautiful sun rise 3 3
Thanks to current MBA students Logan Tinder  Tim Boykin for referring very strong prospective students to us recently.
Keep 'em coming!
Working here, but we have Insight.
I think ISP makes a difference with ESPN3.
Only 1 more day till
Life is a game for me.
I have to learn the rules of the game and then I have to play better than anyone else.
any chance you'll be in raimi's poltergeist remake?
Forgot my ipod, so I popped Glendenning's cd in my car.
Thanks ..
I had forgotten about it
Isn't that a crazy story?
I LOVE how DH ended!
Metal Dungeon feat.
Warn Defever, Dion Fischer, Wade Kergan; Monster Island feat.
Defever, Jamie Easter, Matt Smith  Cary Loren.
you got the iPad!?
There's always those words that when said to you, hurt.
Check out SD Home Garden's food/restaurant/recipe alliance with KUSI TV, plus SDHG's active facebook and webpage coverage of TASTY!
All The Way!!
I love my ethiopian girls
I'm 23 and it's my second time doing jury duty.
Everyone else here is 40.
So I suppose this is my punishment for voting.
ILove you Mi Love
Best Wishes.
Your gonna do GREAT!!!
bought the CUTEST underwear today.
now I just need someone to wear them for 
Oh, thank youme too!
Haven't chosen an apartment yet, so feeling a bit nervous.
The Universe Will Provide!
TEAM SLUT FER LYK.
???
I thought you already had a blog?
you don't seem like you were homeschooled omg best compliment ever!
why the ouch????
HaHaHaHa Those are far from dead
tell Binny that i hope he has a happy birthday!
on my to the national archives
When I'm on a mission, I rebuke my condition.
But if you're a strong female, then you don't need permission.
how long is yours?
I just hope he's either a washed up a bit, or b goes to the Afc.
if anyone has ideological interleaving filter for BBEdit plz hit me up thnx
Is it just me or on the west coast is it just popular culture to run away from home at 18 and get immersed in Vegas..
iwishtheywouldbringback Fresh Prince
6 pizzas 10 pitchers at Brewsky's tonight.
You know your mouths  livers are watering.
Games are at 6:15!!!
hey , i just bought us monthly passes to Tallywhacker World.our discount is 20 for being Florida residents
I LOVE THE WHITE STUFF YO PUSSY LEAVE BEHIND
Didn't feel like going out for 3 miles today; thankfully invited me out.
Taft came along too.
He went faster than us
Hope we get a chance to talk tomorrow.
We are staying here in Chinatown and it is nice.
Looking forward to seeing the game.
Its been a long night, but its ending on a good note
Boosie made songs that have the same lyrics like every rapper out but they want to pick him because he didn't want to kiss azz for Fame DF
ANN!
Email me the details.
You know I'll take care of you.
ill let u love me: 3 iloveyou and it would make me sosososo happy if u would follow me!
get off my sister case
Hell yahh, dad makin me breakfast!!
Some bacon, peach pancakes, nd coffee!!!
Requirements: Must be 18 yrs or older/have dance experience/reliable transportation/ available for weekly practices  games/valid I.D!!
3
They are incapable of thinking logically.
The planet lost a bright light 8/18./09.
Pastor Tony Arias from Las Vegas died in a bike accident.
Pray for his family.
RT RT I don't think its possible for 2 men to have a kid
Scratched myself with my keys 
SHE IS SO FINE TO ME.
Picking the parents up from the airport in a lil bit.
I tried and tried but could not convince them to fly into Burbank.
Sons of bitches.
So, Chicago has chickfila now.
I think Champaign was the furthest north it got when I was living there.
Me, I'm a Zaxby's guy.
RT : Two words for turbocharged romance: face massage.
You'll feel awkward giving it at first, but your spouse WILL LOVE...
Oops I meant reminded...
Today For the Last Air Up There we Having a Sale for the Dopiest Concert Series Ever TAUT; DON'T SLEEP
i sure did!
: Do you like me?
Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
haha, yeeph.
if follow me i'll be the happiest girl in the world :D 
The proxy server did not receive a timely response from the upstream server.
Well, isn't that lovely.
Thanks
Lol!
Just like me Nick!
Always keeping it REAL!
yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift , that's why its called the present.
Me and my big brother just had a pillow fight and we was play fighting lol he gone be pressing snooze in the morning
me too
no noo lol:p i didnt mean it in a mean way!:p
too many good things going for that Under
Go husband!
RT Done.
5th overall.
Qualified for worlds.
doctorpped a world champ and lost to a natl champ.
very nice photo still no Dan sun in pdx lol
One Direction Giveaway!
One Direction Giveaway!
One Direction Giveaway!
If I Won this it would seriously be a doctoram come true!
My head hurts so bad...
:/
: I salvaged our friendship.He was close to losing me good now vote for me for the MLL AllStar game
plug because I cant afford to be living by myself in this screwed country we live in I wouldn't have the knowledge
Preparing for 3 GREAT EVENTS !
Its A New Day and Im glad for change
Omg she would!!!
I want to be on biggestloser so bad, or maybe I just want to hang out on the ranch for a while.
lakers vs.
pacers in the finals
My ticket found a loving new owner thanks for playing!!
Thank you !
OMG I LOVED THAT.
MIKEY NEEDS TO BE ON THE NEXT ONE.
Doing the same.
I've almost dumped all of my nonscorers now.
Should see some upside soon.
I wonder how many high school girls got impregnated this weekend due to poor life decisions
how many times have you tweeted that link?
Just posted part 3 so go read it !
How do you kindly tell someone that their areola is showing?
just got out of work now waiting for class to start
Thank You!
the heat is HIS team
your tweets.......omg 333
thanks again for including us in on Tylers special day!
I'm sure you guys are tired.
We need to get together more often.
I'm awake
Testament to aforementioned miracle, we are in DC for a Loft session at Sirius.
They play, I tweet and crossword.
sorry to hear buddy.
Hope you get well soon.
She died.
You have no current evidence to back her statement up.
and thank you :D much appreciated.
increasingly I don't.
But attention to no humans and discrete entities is important to me.
Sounds like a nice  spicy birthday present!
: Our guests are enjoying having Boh on tap in our new Baltimore location!
just made wings that melted my brain.
you know the kind that make you feel like you're on fire an hour after you're done?
yeah, that kind.
Back in the days it was the shit to smoke cigarettes  now days its weed, wtf are ppl gonna be smoking in the feature....
cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers?
:
it's an uncapped year.
Then next year comes, just kidding
OMG is one of my fav.
ppl on twitter, he is so funny, well thats kinda it wow im board
lol Dyker is awesome, we got so many fields to play baseball.
I really hope it all works out for you bud, you deserve some happiness.
Hell we all do!
So I salute the Fringe fans  all passionate fans who watch live.
Without them, you wouldn't have anything cool to watch on your DVR.
ive been to San Antonio TWICE but never knew about you and alex at that time.
: tear
Enjoy your Friday everyone!!!
please allow us to direct message you our corporate headquarters information to resolve this asap.
what up Matt?
you cant just reprogram yourself: what you want, who you areyour purpose in lifeit is what it is.
kickass My Life It is what it is
It's been different being on this side of casting table!
Today we have Billy submissions!
HearMeWhisper a full week of amazing talent!!
no more fast food until the 13th.Eat less fast food is my resolution.
Borrowed Healing the New Childhood Epidemics: Autism ADHD Asthma and Allergies from a wonderful mom with an autistic child.
Interesting.
I watch the show religiously but I'm now certain the only thing I find remotely amusing about it is the protagonist's name.
I heard it was great.
Can't wait to go.
hey Ms Thang what going on with you..
are you prego?
Nothin' but a Gstring ;
I'll be out there, not at bamboozle though lol
Nice!
Try and see if you can find one of our Composers, Noam Faingold, he's currently getting his PHD  Kings College.
Perfect night for ice skating  Rockefeller Center...hadn't been on my skates in years!
So much fun w/
Just read this on Facebook: Yoga pantsGod's gift to man.
True.
Hard to choose!
But I do think AZ  KS stand out for the honors
Holy schnikeys, I haven't actually watched a game recently.
is sporting some serious lettuce up top
Early AM flight  18 month old who doesn't want to sleep  running on empty today.
Caffeine  workout got the body going but not the brain.
We had the flight.
7 for 4 tasters  yes please!
Tons of beer to buy and dapper hosts.
Yes please!
Zach can dunk?
HEY HEY!!
lol i just made myself a twitter, not sure y though XD i was bored
You know I was in sunny beach land  off the grid when you told me bout Nestle.
Glad it was helpful!!
Snicker RT : Taco Bell is announcing a new promotion: If the Blazers break 75 each fan gets a free dollop of nacho cheese sauce
Happy Valentine's Day
hope you rubbed it in ; Congrats!!!!
lol at the end of that tweet.
have a good time!
Rise  shine tweeps.
Today is a great day for goal conquering achieving action!: LetsGo!
New business: Stone Cold Cremation
Yes, I have overtheair digital antennas and converter boxes.
I can take just about any old TV and get a bunch of channels on it.
American Idol and Papa Johns pizza with
you did an excellent job, I'd say.
did a wonderful job on this shoot.
GrantedAccessFilms.com
print your shit so i can go with you
NowPlaying  Stefano Noferini  Sable Sheep  Paint in my Fur
Fine Goat
Happy Bday you.
Insanity salsa and walked the dogs!!!!
Maybe another salsa dance later gettinit!
I love brandon at 3 but no rose!?
does anybody have any Moose Munch?
I am just totally speechless.
probably is laughing as well
Audition for Ash in Chicago tonight, then off to University of Wisconsin for her performance!

8 The Treasury Department  The Commerce Department.
9 The Martin Luther King, Jr.
monument.
10 All of the Good people I know.
Definitely.
Happen to have your deck published online yet?
Thanks for the ReTweet!
I appreciate it.
www.timhovde.com
Yesterday was a great day!
Now back to the grind.
Congrats to for graduating a year early!
You are a great player, student, and person!
Thanks for being a
Im watching that too!!
: hahahaha
Power out ?
don't worry Call Dowdy Electric Co.
for all of your wiring and Generator needs !
Same Day Service.
317.24POWER
Ha not even there but clearly the case MT Amt tweeting by journos proportionate to amt idle time encountered.
See
I am much more apt to nod in a friendly manner to strangers if they have nice facial hair
Blink 182 will never get old.
You guys enjoying my singing?
Aren't I amazing?!?!
Wish I could make even more now.
Have fun.
It's Friday!
Last day of BEASTMODE!!
Happy Friday:
what's wrong with me :
we really might have one you want!
let us know if we can help get you registered asap :
Give yourself a Hi5 if you made it down for last night.
Give yourself a Hi10 if you be here for Todd Bryant Band tonight!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 24 Washington Redskins 29 Final buccaneers redskins nfl
OMG KITTY IN THE LIBRARY!
YAYS!
: once again, Warriors can't even put up a final shot to give them a chance to win or lose.
Meh ; So sad.
You can't make everyone happy, so I will only settle to make my close friends and family happy....GOOD MORNING!!
My prayers go to Trampus Haskvites :
we were just talking about how we all couldn't wait to see Kate Winslet's boobs in 5th grade.
thank you so much.
turtle backpack spin!!!
Iggy is so damn pretty .
Albuquerque October 810 at the Hard Rock check www.rocktheink.net for more info!
WhatIMissMost My room
NWS has downgraded today's high from 98 to 97.
That's a relief!
I was worried for a minute there.
She brews a proper cup of coffee in her copper coffee pot :
Cakes are a chillin'...now time to enjoy this gorgeous day!
I wantwantwantwant google wave.
Help?
I'll buy coffee, but you might have to hop a flight to Ist for it.
Kobe Bryant can't be feeling any better now.
He's in the game with 10 minutes left and the Nuggets leading the Lakers by26.
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
not a lot just trying to get into a makeup program at the AVEDA school here!
Ugggg still raining!!!!
no just lying in bed 
Babe's house.
Hope, hope, hope within 2 weeks.
Problem is apt.
I want is not available for viewing yet.
I've paid deposit but haven't seen LOL!
: Multiple sources, including one inside UT football program, told me today Mack Brown will likely be forced out at Texas
some good points but glaring voids as well.
Human and civil rights are non negotiateable as far as I am concerned.
Oh, COME ON!
If your parents earnestly christen you Dick Luger, can you not EVENTUALLY anticipate that things might go a TAD awry??
Iron Works is nice, but County Line is the real deal.
b.c I got suspended for a.dumb ass fuckin reason
So excited though for a computer with an i7 processor and discrete graphics.
I'll actually not have to do all my editing on my iphone.
One of my meds decreases my appetite, the other says a side effect is weight gain.
Wtf...i can't catch a break.
sop://broker.sopcast.com:3912/24267 copy and paste that in sop cast....hope that helps!!!!!
Turkey Day humor!
Question: y did the band let the turkey join???
Aanswer: Cuz he had doctormsticks!
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!
Creeping up on 5am, still working away in the studio.
This is exactly what I wanted :
I just wanted to tell all of you followers how much I appreciate you.
: Thanks for the love.
hi what up?
I'm good, I was sleeping when you tweeted me!
haha
I definitely don't want misterWrong, Been there done that....
Please give me misterRight!
T Woods and a Saturday afternoon nap...
Does it get any better than that homie!?
Hello my fellow Savvyite!
Congrats!
Nice racing this weekend!
thanks for the follow.
Deep admiration for you being champions of ending
What's the latest numbers for my favorite candidate Eileen?
:
End of Summer ALL WHITE PARTY happening at CRUSH this Saturday from 10pm2pm!
Music by DJ Steve Thomas  don't miss the party of the year!
I haven't, but I'll admit that I get a little frustrated when almost every Pakistani recommends one of the same three places
She OC !!!!
What she Talkinn about ?
Still having issues with zindex, Flash  wmode.
Somebody please help me.
Thx!
MT Follow for live tweets from DC today.
Also, follow
Woo!
Go, Ed Herman!
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit of doing them.
Benjamin Jewett
Wondering if twitter has a setting to turn OFF/hide all the I'm at ...
checkin notice tweets from those I follow ...
Come visit me at the Indiana Library Federation District 57 conference!
:
Happy Thanksgiving, friends!!
Ugh, says he not qualified to speak on death penalty issues huh?
I'm sure he's a marriage law scholar though.
possible.
shoot an email to 'kelly or erin at swigmilwaukee dot com please.
and thank you
Cheba is always about the green, but today we're even more so.
Happy Green Day!
youve been talking to me for the last 2 1/2 days your just eh I'm done bye
I'll be watching it :
We're hoping everyone has a great weekend!
We're working intently on our Debut Issue, out midJune.
And our webpage is almost here!!
:
Why Sen.
Maria Cantwell wants to create the first national freight policy.
How it would impact the Ports of WA and OR, tonight at 6 on KGW.
oooohhhhh friday the 13th tomorrow...unlucky for Rebecca Black...
RT : haha yes, but rather not harm any animals in the making of my UFO.
of course not!
it's a phony bear skin!
gracias, De La
Are You Ever Going To Do A Concert In L.A?
You Go Everywhere Except Here?
Thank you so much for the Retweet!
FF to some folks who've featured CH content recently:
About to go get me sumthing to eat.Thinking Chinese or Burger king.
Bice Ristorante's Mario Cassineri has selected Snow White.
It's going to be fun to try to figure what these folks will be cooking up!
BABY lottery: not adjust your Twitter set...you heard me correctly.
That's right: BABY LOTTERY!
read it to believe it
When you make healthy food choices and be available to the inner child who needs comforting, your excess weight will naturally doctorp away!
U gotta be authentic  express urself!
It's Yelp!tastic!
Tonight from 79 is the Yelp Elite Squad Event.
Fun things happening on our Pool Deck.
U a Yelp!
fan of Fuse?
Eh?
Eh?
It's only his second year, but he's playing like a vet.
And he's done it since day 1.
I love you Tyler.: please follow me!
It's Gameday Saturday, and you know what that means: Go Cambridge, Crush Essex!!
Thank you Jez, I appreciate the feedback!
Stabler's gone, Liv looks like she couldn't give a shit, no BD, Cragen has been cut back, no consistent ADA.
It's not SVU anymore
Awww /: I Miss Skinny With Yall.
Remember Claudia First Came Now She One Of Us !
you didn't understand my insult.
Have fun at OU this weekend, jerk.
Yes, i love her from the bottom of my heart : do you love her too?
i really hope that she could tweet again I MISS HER!!
would TJ have more detrimental effect to their PD or regression?
Age plays a big part but TJ isn't death sentence anymore
You link me, you really link me!
Maybe arshavin would man the fuck up now  show some skill!
yea!
It was fun :D hahaha did u?
I purchased Marshall Field Frango Chocolates as gifts...ready to go at the door..and I woke up to the boxes opened!!
Ugh my son Joey!
Always know the difference between what you're getting, and what you deserve..
hrm, not sure of Fri/Sat plans right now post doctorpalCon.
Ask again on Thurs?
Giants are dominating I can't believe Snchez has 8 k's and only th
my stupid computer wot turn on ad I have to type my final essay
I assumed something otherwise ..
Oh McDonalds egg McMuffin, I wish I could quit you.
One has to pay dearly for immortality; one has to die several times while one is still alive
I'm goin down to the central part of town!
ah, ok!
I'll email there then.
thanks!!
hope this can get figured out.
uwgrad Way to go ...
Your speech the second time around was just as great!!!
He kept me there half a day before he gave up
Only would have different colors for his cast to match his outfits!
Hahahaha
Thanks!
Can't wait for the sale to start!
RT : Looking good!!: Next sale is going live at 6pm!
Check out the...
U see the spikes on this nigga moneymay vest.
Damn!!!!!!!!!!!
Fish crafts with local artist Lynn Lieberman happening NOW at central park Dana center.
dude gay as fuck
But Allison Brie is super hot!!!!!
:D
It takes everything that I have to not say I love you.
me too!!
I'll let you know if I find more out :
dude it's crazy
I GOT THAT GIN IN MY CUP AND IM ROLLIN, POPIN PILLZ TWO BY TWO AND I CANT HOLD EM, SO PASS ME SOME WATER, SO I CAN ROLL HARDER
is always fun
lmao YAY!
And your so welcome FOLLOW PLEASE  or ima 
It's Always Some Stupid thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Pay For Dinner...What Do I Look Like Ted Dibiase Out This Bitch?
And plus,I'm getting my voice together due to me being sick this past week.
Do work!
RT : Jumping on with and Kyle Elfrink to talk fantasy baseball.
XM87
Thx  I've been crazy busy but really missing twitter connections and conversations
Our leaders certainly seem to pick a variable or two.
Seems that we aren't doing enough to engage parents.
Love the way lie
oh Gd it's like doctornking an effing lip gloss re: my fruity beer
Enter for a chance to win a solo ride w/ at www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
hey we're you aware?
RT : Today is National Zucchini Bread Day!
What's your favorite zucchini bread recipe?
Everyone in the world needs someone they can depend on.
Be their faithful friends.
Determined advocates.
Or a loving family.
How much is the eggplant?
love you baby 3
boyfriend?!?
It's the bomb.
Stay tuned for our new episode  McHappy New Year with Carol Ann McCrackenl!
Coming soon!
A fresh close shave with a safety razor.
Ditch your Mach 3 and shave like a grandpa.
It's the best feeling.
should have kept my corduroy jncos...
In terms of the specifications on the test,you can click on the'fda approved'link on the left side of the site: www.tkno.org
Imagine You get a text from your ex.
Harry takes your phone  deletes it.
Harry:That idiot better stay away from what's mine now.''
I can officially say: hApPy bIrThDaY!
Love u VeRy vErY much!
You make my heart smile  my soul proud!
Oh how I luv my boy!
Don't change on me.
Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Tupac Shakur
i will give you Sate Padang if u come to my house :P
Where do you pick up the Kesha meet and greet photos
thats worse than murdering someones entire family, in my opinion.
You KNOW how I feel about bodily functions.
Make me so mad.
whut up boy like i thought the mixtape is dope the right nigga need to see you and u gone!!!
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
BOUT READY TO GET ALL CRUNKED UP!!!
I NEED A FEW doctorNKS TONIGHT!!
eh, it's not that I'm sick.
just, my hamstring won't let me run long distances without making my life miserable.
annoying.
:
Dear hoodies  sweat pants, thank you for being there for me.
Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it.
tough battle of the remote to lose
Dont ask me for spare change if i just saw you buy a pack of menthols
THANK YOU for letting me know!!!!!
: D
got a pic of my NewNephew.
looks alot like my...dad?
they are thinking of moving back home to ireland from new york city.
should they move?
Never?
I don't believe it...
totally practical.
cute!
hope you guys are having a good time!
lonelynight with my man not here...
guess that's what I get for falling in love with a firefighter!
Aw 3 RT : When I got days without speaking to I feel lost :/
That's a bummer.
MY 3 SKIPS A BEAT EVERYTIME DEY MENTION YOUR NAME...MUST BE....
I will follow her
I think you and my friends should hang out on the weekends.
For the record, I think is the funniest dude alive!
sorry hard to forgive...
Why?
I watched it today too  This is the best show to represent geek culture!
There is nothing wrong being a
...and I usually have positive experiences.
There are a few who REALLY stand out with over the top niceness as well.
Just got home from the CBS backlot.
One of the coolest in my opinion.
Talk in to my man!!!
Join us at your local Tavern for Tuesday Night Trivia :30!
Hints: Philosophically speaking, do you know who is the Founder of Taoism?...
hi cousin happy new years to you, and no I am not in NY at the moment, I don't know where I'm going to start this new year at
Books: Naked Roommate, Andoctorw Roberts' Thinking Student's Guide to College,  Feaver et al, Getting the Best Out of College
Free delivery on this doctorary day 112pm, 48:30pm.
Please don't forget Sat..the Coat doctorve and the Circle City Derby Girls Car Hop on Sun.
15.2 million to house 4 firefighters, 2 fire trucks and some raincoats???
Egad!!!
Parents!
Do your kids golf?
Of course Duchene is injured again.
Of course he is.
lmao mike jones
It's definitely not just you.
It's like, WAY off...
I like wearing hoods in the summer sometimes
happy mothers day queen of the doctorg queens!!!
Find a way
You're welcome little Monster.!
fuck it.
bricks have to get thrown sometimes.
the academy is??
doing my fricken die hard routine today.
About to eat this good meal
Yahoo soda just doctornk it
all these new adidas basketball uni's are terrible!
Caps have 11 misses on net
Our Stories Films To Produce Movie Based On Hit Reality Show quot;Basketball Wivesquot;
I came home from work and the weather is very cloudy here in ABQ.
I think its supposed to rain.
lowell folkfest!!
Soo fun!
Way more people than can fit in one tiny city :P
Proud to have your support Pam!
I've got a short story from a blog that is practically written for a webisode.
SciFi, but real life.
...
We only follow the best of the best ; have a fantastic weekend!
Love can melt the hardest heart, heal the wounds of the broken heart and quiet the fears of the anxious heart.
JoyceMeyer 3 3 3
Practice in a room with no windows or fans!
c'mon bro....
4 back.
You can make it up!
maybe!
Moving out of third ward this weekend, so I doubt they will let me in after I'm gone!
Starting a new Google Reader folder of blogs and magazines actually worth reading.
Suggestions?
RT LOU REED at BookCourt tonight / 7pm.
come say hi to the man and hear him read from THE RAVEN.
You have to manipulate the system by playing on it's home field and bending the rules.
Use the norm to break the norm.
He is!
Does a duck with one leg swim in circles?
yes, we have cloned ourselves!
One of us goes by Olena, and the other by Fran.
;
Glad someone indwrstands me and my motives 
MT : Basic researchapplied researchthings that get funded by NSF nobody uses.
Need directed research a la DARPA.
Of course they're showing a race  but 10  10 seconds, 10 showcased sights, might have been worth a thousand tourists next year.
Not at all, as long as you're sharing.
I could use a round of Upland Wheat about now.
My Elder Sister  Favorite Female Vocalist Belita Woods just passed.
Rest in Peace my Sister.
ck us out from memphis !
Thanks
Really want to be in the last hunger games movie!!
Darren Cooper, 22, was recently charged for setting a taxi on fire outside of Staples Center after the Lakers won their title back in 2010.
wtf why does he/she/IT need that many plushies?!
Why the hell can people not comprehend the proper use of 'there,' 'they're,' and 'their.' omfg.
When your picking berrys The tiniest berrys are the sweetest and best tasting.
The bigger berrys are the most bitter.
An anonymous mans ...
prepare for traffic.....2hrs in for me
get that shit on video!
I can't wait till we go to vegas...
idk when we are goin but i can't wait...
we are deffinatly gonna go see believe.
oh i'm so excited!!:D
Yay!
loving the old school Paul Simon!
I gave in and wore it last week.
Got quite a few compliments on it.
I go to a small church full of Pens fans.
I'm excited!
big shout out to !
happy thursday 
I don't have money to save though!
It would be easier to come here :P
With all this HEAT  HUMIDITY in Atlanta, it's quickly turning into a HotBreeze...!
the sweater is for him
Don't forget to change your clocks back an hour on Saturday.
Unless you want to come to HPC an hour early and watch the band practice!
postseason you betcha!!!!!!
So Sandoctor Fluke and Hilary Rosen were replaced by a dog by Axelrod.
Sounds like a Sherwood Schwartz sitcom.
At worst, the hit might've deserved a minor penalty for charging but that's it.
Just a big old fashioned hit imo.
Yes, I am!
Could I please have one?
thank you for RT!
how real is all the doctorma?
Do you moms and girls ever get a long?
Bored as shit..!
Just survived my first earthquake..
And it felt like just when construction was working next to my house.
A vibrating house overall.
Lol
where have you been mamacita
Movies Think Like a Man
Back on the road training.
Will be running ragnarchi again this year in June
In the end it's what ever makes you happy
be patience.
Your day will come.
doctoraMs NeVeR DiE unless you try 3
Class elections are such a popularity contest.
Thou shalt question everything; nothing is above challenge.
Happy Mother's Day to you!!
Yes, actually.
: We've seen your work.
I am beautiful I was cruel I tender I LIFE!
HoeLie 62: I'm better than your ex.
Mulligans is going up tonight 114am ..
I gotta recharge the batteries !!
Spanning 93 days, over 60 applications, 6 interviews, 3 2ndoctorund interviews, 2 official offers,  finally...
1 JOB!
I'M EMPLOYED AGAIN!
Do I need to come over and literally doctorss you?
Tonight at Varsity Bar!
Songwriter Showcase starts at 6pm, then Extreme Heat at 10.
1 beer specials!
5 cover, ladies free!
Missed the waterfront fest this year.
Follow me?
:
love is a battle field
I struck out swinging.
They never put them on sale online and the phone was busy non stop from 9 til 1, when I gave up.
Just Keep On Loving Me.
I hope all the mothers and fathers who have to play the role of a mother had a wonderful Mother's day!!!
sorry about the twitter spam.
I can't emphasize it enough, men if a woman does not have custody of her kids do your homework.
There's a reason.
Thanks a lot Bob!
and he would love too but don't think he was offered.
Saw him play in Vegas on ESPN.
Kid can play.
Boston Kebab House is now on Belly in Boston's Financial District!
You can earn enough points to win a trip to Turkey!
Congrats bud.
1 step closer to the cigar/scooter/legal advice stand
and bingo was its nameo!
I'm fully arrived.
Water under the bridge?
Ah shit no, I've got to fly back to Melb.
Eat an antiinflammatory diet.
Spinach, kale, broccoli, lentils, beans, salmon,halibut, green tea....
All I want for Christmas is you...
ChristmasMusicAfterChristmas :P
TRUELY A REMARKABLE READ!
Wow this made perfect sense!!!!Thank you for tweeting this!
S/O 2 MY MOST RECENT FOLLOWERS!!
THANK YOU!
U GUYS ROCK
So it's true!!!!!
eek!
that is crazy.
Will you be attending?
apparently you DID
We're sure glad we got this prostitution ring to bust.
It takes attention away from the fact that we helped a fellow cop kill his wife.
Which part?
Happy Birthday
I was born in Pittsburgh, I look forward to your tweets
Now starting show match vs Nerchio Bo5 on my stream
that's what we like to hear/read!
DOUBLE EAGLE!
Unbelievable
its sad meeting a great person in life, but knowing once they're gone, you'll never find someone like them, which is even sadder.
Oil rig with a helipad right near Rio!
And the longest bridge I've ever seen.
Coolest view from the plane!
I would be too.
Music as a whole has been getting worse and worse every year.
Grievance aired.
Never apologize for thinkin bigger than yourself
no way...what phone
ThoughtsWhileRunning I cant fucking Breath!
:o
Had a wonderful Father's Day with Hubby and little K riding the four wheeler around.
Good end to great week with my Dad visiting from Brazil
I don't think that's been established...I will create one :
Not if they get Miami in the Finals!
cara student Ronnie V.
secured a position at as a Customer Service Associate!
50 of 301!!!
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
Bout to eat this gumbo and watch this OKC game ThunderUp!!!
Good shabbas y'all!
thanks.
You're awesome
they always play with two bigs up front......
Obama better be going all the way to Macon cause this 75S traffic is bananas!!!
Cast your cares on him for he cares for you
you set me up Roxy but it's just not fair, too easy
Sis!!
Where have you been??
Miss you like crazy
Love is blind.
Friendship tries not to notice.
Anonymous
on wht ?
For real
I love waking up to cute texts inlove 
I just saw a Miss Cleo reference right now.
Boy oh boy, talk about going old school, haha
It's Childoctorn's Book Week, and we're pondering: What's the best childoctorn's book of all time?
Share, and we'll RT our favorite responses.
Yes!
Would love to catch up!
I'm doing AOk; hope you are as well.
Often work from Cville on Fridays  coffee sometime?
we got it.
She's talking now at least.
She still crying and talking crazy LOL
I love Heat haters!!!
Much love to y'all!
it's hard for someone like me who now has to chose which to come see if there are no comps available  multi artists to support
Thx for the RETWEET, Craig.
How are things?
Working on anything new?
can't wait for the video game
Gana Hear Music Until I Sleep :
WTF THIS BORI MAKES ME WANNA HURT SOMEONE!
i think Bryan has the best one so far.
LOL
unlimited free hot dogs?
Thank you so much for the RT
Praying for 's sister
should shout my new twitter out spreadtheword!
RT : Most memorable sxswfood for me this weekend: and Miles of Chocolate fudge
I hate that.
I just meet a woman I'm interested in, but she keeps calling me  trying rush it.
Relax let it come natural.
: RT : I have found my happiness, watching my childoctorn doctoram.
Innocent, peaceful, and calm.
I love being a mom.
Looking...
When you say the name of a band and some dumb bitch is like, ooh I've never heard that song..
and your like, its a band fuck face .
I remember when I was scared to get the beat down in 2k...
Another good Sat.
breakfast group mtg.
Everyone should be part a group that meets regularly.
We all get so invested in each other's progress
RT aruthven : Opening Night of World Premiere Musical by multiple Grammy nominated Trout Fishing in America!
RE: link in previous tweet: Those are actual people.
Very innovative concept photography!
Hope you all enjoy :
Happy day!
Not as tasty as Pi Day :
With in NC:
Babies are so expensive that I'll be making the next one by hand.
shut up no way!
Awesome would love to be at that show!
Have fun
people don't need to know our problems...
What happened to that...?
3.
I think Judge Evans's 4thfactor analysis is a little strange, but have heard worse floated out there, so...
If you ever see our wrapped cars please take picture lol.
Good marking for both of us.
My kittens name is Mahomie...:
i'm glad you enjoyed the artist.
have you seen hugo?
Finshed a good 800 yd swim, but still working on the breathing, anyone have any good tips or website links?
aww how cute:
8 tuff miles foot race in St.
John, USVI today.
Over 1,000 ppl running the craziest course ever.
Right Coast Marketing will be watching.
interested in course planning; teaching research skills...
september!
Are you comin up to visit this summer?
Boy i only grant naughty wishes lolz
Thank you!
Can't go wrong with a sirloin marsala with no mushrooms.
Delish!
That's quite the beach you're on there!
Shabazz Muhammad and Tony Park to UCLA to open the new Pauley star power
re: semantics do you view the main customers of mobility apps as either maker or retailer?
please follow me please :
AOL's patent selloff: A failure of nerve: AOL strikes a deal with Microsoft to sell and license hundoctords of patents.
The move gives ...
We can't let ourselves be fooled into believing Public ed is ok under the NCLB mentality.
It is not!
RT : Meditation is to know oneself as one is.
It is see our real face with out any mask
oh word
So I'm the only one on my team who came to work today.
Let's hope nobody needs anything.
I wonder what William Balfour was looking at in his mugshot....
yeah, me too.
have you ever heard that song that you know connects you and your ex, you just know when you hear it he is going to call
Yeah, this is a normal affair.
Tip 8.
doctornk plenty of water.
Your body is 65 water.
doctornk 8 glasses of water each day.
That can inlcude the water from foods
I have no idea what you are talking about
you're welcome!!
:
You guys tore it up..
Unfortunately, one of my participants only gave me permission to present that content at conferences, not online.
I was frowning at the balance on my accts...
But then I remembered tomorrow's payday yes!
RT : Just returned from a visit to the newly remodeled Planetarium.
Put it on the list to visit this weekend!
Get down here....the doctornks are flowing and the pool is packed!
Stop in  celebrate National Noodle Month with a hearty helping of spaghetti with meat sauce!
hope you have a nice day  :
life is really that simple
the music in this movie is amazing
cool will do
not a problem at all
Tumblr doesn't doctorve a lot of traffic, but does have a lot of engagement says
Great Finale and Great commercial
Tonight in our Black Diamond Lounge, coming in from Salt Lake City, UT...
it's the upbeat acoustic duo Melody  Tyler 8:30p11:00p
Tell us what you did on your day ON, yesterday, to commemorate doctor King's legacy.
I LOVED Somewhere With You, which was also a Shane McAnally cut,  so is Come Over.
Those type of songs Kenny just smolders
I hate rooms that dnt have lights....ugh now i gotta go buy 3 lamps!
RIP Dick Clark
Please follow me.
You are the au'somest person in the world!
I wish I could make it the Farmer's Market today.
:
The steak is excellent tonight!
i have FCAT tomorrow afternoon :o
Between and I hardly have to seek out content to read on my own.
Keep up the good curating, rockstars!
I didn't know Peter Lorre produced The Artist
Seriously, though.
If I live in Brightwood Park, will you people come visit me?
I Dont Like Eating When Im doctornk.
I Would Just Like AnotherAlcohol Beverage Please.
THat is a great question, Who in history would you like to follow on twitter?
suggested Einstein
Thank you!
We are all about Gratitude Enlightenment RaisingVibrations Looking forward to your tweets!
Oh well, moving on.
I'm still discovering his films, which do you recommend or is your fav?
The great thing about the KentuckyDerby and CincoDeMayo being on the same day is u can wear a Sombrero  kill two birds w/ 1 stone
Wait, how's your back?
Have strong winds ever stopped you from a run?
We have 25mph to apparently 45mph.
Not sure if I should attempt a few miles or not...
Well I guess I had better get to bed.
Got to get early to play golf in the morning.
Let's get literate Kentucky 'K' always comes before 'U' 
I want to have laugh attacks with Luly.
Eating so back the fuck up ad let me eat ppl .
x3
Congrats to both Badgers Marquette men.
Cmon Brewers for the state sweep!
haters come hither
We still have some stickers left!
If you want some mailed out to you, just give us a holler on here or on Facebook.
2012 class is done...all about 2013 now!
Yall shoot me some highlights!!
How about Florio from ?
RT : CHTV readers bug the hell out of whoever they want on the show via Twitter.
Love it!
Wow!!!
I'm watching Footloose
Patriots score!
Giants are losing.
That Giselle email is taking effect
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO SS at !
You solved my 3 week old problem in less than 20 minutes!
You da bomb diggity!!
well if you see me, say Hi!
lol.
lmao it never had meaning.
pointless.
Check us out at www.triskelionsociety.com
Welcome back, big fella.
Do work.
street teams coming soon!
We need your help!
More info to come!
Dance Moms Miami ain't got shit on the original
omg.
I better start working on the picture collage I'm going to use for 's account avi
They did a beautiful job on my car and it looks brand new!
Now, Im keeping my car forever!
Thanks Car Crafters,
: Good luck with those exams to all the students!
Study hard so u can party harder!.
Thanks chris
When yall get to talking bout the greatest i just really hope that yall think of me..
3WordsOfAdvice pop that py
Pounding chest
AW!
Adorable!
Musical word of the day: affrettando  hurrying, pressing onwards
You're just like adoctornaline babe!
we still on 8?
Who is hiring?
This exMeteor Solutions marketing ninja is looking for a new landing page!
At least we have a fighting chance this year.
Shoutout to those girls that smile like they're taking a shit in their pictures.
averygauntlet me: We started heavy and went light.
: sounds like most of my girlfriends
what's a bus?
Porn Stars are mandatory tested every 30 days.
SATC marathon all by my lonesome and it's the one where Miranda like breaks her neck!!!
HAHA
mla12 s305 Sue Kim: We must recognize that not everyone is like us in transcending pomo.
Chivas Regal  down to my belly.
It would have been great to add your accent...
lots of accents here!
Unbelievable community commitment in Cave City tonite.
Putting their money where their hearts are!
have you voted yet?
we'd love to hear what you fave.
chartitable organization is!
:
Make that 70.
Grimes just homered over the left field wall.

ask your author?
We do the killin and then we bury'em
Merry Christmas one and all!
May this Season's blessings be with you today and always!
:
Where's the beef jerky?
On the piano, of course.
sky zone: totally awesome.
My body: still painfully sore 2 days later
Some great
if you are a little odd that is just fine...it shows you'll probably create interesting things one day...i like odd people...
NEVER CHUG WINE
King Curtis episode of wife swap is on love it
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.The surething boat never gets far from shore DCarnegie
A night beginning with pure tears and sorrow ending up being a majestic night I will never forget.
Life is more worth living when alive.
lol, um okay :P
I did not know you play bass.
I do as well.
cool.
huuhuuhhuh
artwork shaping up!
IRS plans to scrutinize the 2010 returns of 2500 closely held corporations.
Nice start.
One of the Water Street Bars really needs to do HBO Sundays...
It's 7:00 already!
where has the day went?!
GymFlow...
This thunderstorm ain't gonna stop me
Go lick my ass bro.
Hey there!
Keeping busy and having fun; what fun things are you up to these days?
Always try to be modest and be proud of it!
guy problems.
But it looks like not for long!
Lol
stop being adorable it makes me sad
Just don't talk to me anymore...
thank you, that's wonderful I hope the gang enjoys!!
Likely local distributor/studio decision  film release strategy based on local market factors plays a huge difference.
I looked back at him and said Yess Baby, Its Real!!!!
Two yrs ago I got kicked out of a bar in Louisville for singing Rocky Top after Bruce's Vols knocked off the Cats.
My one shining moment.
im in new york darling!
Devin.Anne3
Stars, really?
It's Calgary.
Time to turn it up.
you gotta help me think of things to do lmao.
That can't be really good..
You still mean everything to me.
You're just not worth the fight anymore.
I feel your pain.RT : Why yes, yes it is likely that I'll spend my evening playing the new angry birds seasons...
Why do you ask?
I've got no problem with that and I'm sure has been wanting to find Preston more friends
Bored out of my mind...
hm i dont see any strays.
nice!
Getting it done!
Day 45 of Insanity for me.
I think I should take off Thursday thru Sunday of Holy Week.
Feeling bad about working this week.
Next year someone remind me!
what r u doing?
Organizing and tagging plant pics from the last five years.
My, they grow fast!
Label 7 will be closed for private events:Lunch 11/21  AllDay 12/16 Interested in hosting a private party?
Call 5852677500 Party!
STAY AWAY FROM MY MAN!!!
i need one more tweet.
my tweets r up to 666 , it scares me haha, :
where were u today?
We were looking for u!
Any time, we got to look out for our fellow Tweeps.
LOL
Woohoo Congratulations!
Are you getting pumped for NFFTY?
Can't wait to see your new film, Alone Together!
you got to loove Rose;;
KU vs UK.
Who will get the KO for the national title?
you need someone to get him the ball, not just pound the ball in the ground 30 feet from the hoop like JL3 did.
RT : If u think should have done the Heisman pose when he scored, pls rt
im only gonna spend like 3 weeks or a month.
and i'm not suree: middle or endish of june to middleish if july i thinkk.
Atmosphere at rock the bells!!!!!!!!!
I don't know why you find the question offensive, but I don't really understand what you're asking.
If only I could spell
Please no overtime.
Please no overtime.
Please no overtime.
Oh me oh my.
I see you gettin' it in!!
My gma neighbor call her baby so now we call him baby wen we talk about him lml
RT : Happy resurrection day : may Jesus' love keep you happy   Wishing you Peace  Love , May today be a blessing!
Amen to that girl!
Would've been okay if it were abceasyas123
Tonight...the Denver edition...www.party95.com.....10 pm mst..then see u at HEAdoctorSH at Vinyl DUnitize yo soul BEAUX!
Apparently I left the game too early.....
missing out on the instagram photos
I understand but will refer all I can to you
Dude this whole thing started becuse of his teeth!
And he keeps humming and making random noises too!
would love to retweet that Josie...
But you won't let us!
yes!!
It's cold
Yes, with such FAB weather it's been a great day  but that's on the QT not s'posed to share that Seattle gets good weather!
EXACTLY!!!!
She seriously freaked when you overheard me say I was 36 weeks..
RT : They call me a pocho because I play the accordion with an accent.
yque?
If your freaking hilarious, it doesn't matter how much of an ass you are.
Basoexia is term describing sexual arousal from kissing
talking about Social and SEO marketing.
But it's the neverknowing, that keeps this going, doctorves me crazy, like a postcard from Paris when I've seen the real thing 
WhileInARelationship Don't cheat.
Just break up with him or her if you're attracted to somebody else.
LOL....
Congrats are still in order.
Niggaz worse than deez bitches jumping dick 2 dick stay in yo lane
now you know what I went through having to sit between you and in the car growing up good job :
I got jokes today.
Bought a long sleeve shadoctorck shirt.
Much warmer now ...
I wanna see the devil inside tonight.
Great to meet Leland and Hector of today.
Looking forward to what you're bringing to the neighborhood!
Life will be better if you have someone real with you
Netscape's original business plan was to sell a web browser for 65 to every person.
Wonder why that failed?
fringe better than x files.
Sorry
Love to see developers and designers understanding the whys of a11y and not looking for loopholes or ways out of meeting requirements!
i wish i was famous...hahaha but i bet most ppl do wish that too.
haha
Devonte Lively arraigned for murder of Larie Butler.
Lynette Adams is in court  says it was uneventful.
He pled not guilty.
Big poppa thanks for the knowledge I've got to pop on your tracks to remember what rap really is.
Forgive dudes sayin they the best ever.
That awkward moment when your still bestfriends with a trick ass hoe.....
lmfao 
Where are the white girls ThirstTrap'n??
Jay, you need to wake up now.
It's only a bad doctoram.
Jay?
Jay?
Wake up Jay!
it happens, it's understandable.
Two T's, One X.
Have to be very careful about that sometimes.
Damn missed the game , I wonder who won ?
Hope its good news
Never heard of those guys
Where are they at?
Sahara?
Conrad Murray was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
Mange tak!
I always do.
I miss the feeling of knowing someone is thinking of you.
ehh i tried...
Dawn, feeble, languid, timid, and irresolute
Welcome D
Question Game ?
: INBOX
When is the JD meet?
Seriously, I'm starting to quit on my PC.
Lots of issues underneath its glossy black casing.
Must.
Get.
A.
Mac.
I need more followers
Dude, that's my saying.
You said something about being smashed by a punk rock.
Recognize!
I own that shiz with TM.
Jk.
Let me know if you have questions because I use it for that exact application.
By all accounts, mister Ricketts very nice man, but maybe TOO NICE to run a major league club.
Cubs need owner who has strength  conviction.
Those Chicks are awesome!
My son has seen them twice....
All will be well.
All will be well.
doing good!
always keeping busy, you know me
Yep.
The old bday is coming up in a bit here so I'm gifting myself some nights off of tours.
Thinking next weekend for hangs?
Looks like Microsoft and Google square off once again.
This time its QRcode verses
Are you nascar chatter or sports chatter?
Do some work lol : Has society poison us to believe light or exotic are the only beautiful ladies?
man..
that was hard to watch
Sometimes.
Today, not so much.
Still have version of Nice and Slow in my head...and I don't hate it.
RT : Want more success?
Make better choices.
When all is said  done it's our choices in life that determine our success.
why is that?
I'm not the pretties girl or the smartest or the perfect girl but mean who is?
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE.
I want to shout this and post it on his next YouNow.
Industry night Check it out!
The pictures I send  lmao
In every girls life, theres is a boy shell never ever forget.
In every boys life, theres a girl he can never ever get.
yo find me the jordans 12's in white and red or white and blue.
I heard you know where to get them.
yeah ok  wth ?
Purchase is mad gay
what's the contest?
didn't see anything on Luol's page...
Amen!
RT : Our president just developed a backbone.
Right on.
no HD?
Your killing me smalls.
My apt just Got an HD tvand I'm never going back
it's really a balance, yeah.
i'm trying too.
AGAIN.
i did very well up until jan of this year now i'm a mess again.
do over!
back on dis
What about this guy?
good night Big Michael
Don't make your problem my problem...
Clippers as a team had 32 rebounds, ZBo/Gasol combined for 33.
That glass squeaky clean for Memphis.
Damn.
I'm out of fingernails.
GO KINGS!!
Hint: Person has legs
love for my 94labsmarketing crew
Look at you, judging me tonight, lol.
I just found this concoction a couple weeks ago, it's really good!
Try it.
:
FreeEADave please RT!!!
Get it trending!!!
Show some love3
Love the pc bae, so so sexy
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows
RT : Floodgate ops have ended at Wirtz  Starcke dams.
Lake Travis is expected to rise to 636 638 ft.
msl by tomorrow.
Giving money to instead of bullets just doesnt seem right.
Staff Sgt Robert Bales in a facebook post
The message i just sent lolol
Thanks for the plug!
love you and good luck , I love you and good luck , I love you and good luck
Ditch the sales pitch  networking is about building relationships.
Networking tip from ,
Followon orphan therapies often receive more stringent regulated scrutiny due to safety concerns and perceived reduced need
Your last if you're not
I really enjoy Twitter!
Never know what is around the corner !
Lovin' it!
really!
Lovin' my Tweeps!
I'm gonna call and catch up with you today.
Whats the NYE plan?
OUT THERE IN THE COLD
on your flight today...
Big fan :
haha.
That article was a good find...
but we will rise again!
Ha.
I like how Borg mentions SKC fans by name.
Pretty sure Borg saw my fianc flash her tats one match.
finna call u
ate a whole block of irish cheddar last night and didn't get doctornk.
Finally had time to refactor my code so it uses the Polyline geodesic property.
Works perfectly.
Thanks!
Map coming soon.
I am glad is saved she is so good
Working on new dance song, finishing up with music video this weekend.
Stay tuned!
Thanks.
Thats about all I can take for day one, but I am a glutton for punishment and back on twitter.
Sigh.
Hey Sammi from Jersey Shore has no VTine either.
Maybe she could be your VTine
Today was National Margarita Day, we doctornk a few in honor.
We know great with mexican food, after a few does it matter what it pairs with.
RSVP: Long Story Short
For those of you teaching in a semestral system: I hate you and expect taunts from me in September when I'm still on vacation.
Chirley needs someone downtown anyone downtown James were are you.
We are so excited!
We hope the sun is shining!
:
Obama is not technically a Muslim socialist, but calling him one better illustrates the broader message.
Coming down with a cold?
Come into the shop and let our experts recommend the right products to get you healthy again.
both shows are stupid
hahahahaha I agree.
Swag
thanks!!
Great to meet you   sorry couldn't chat as hoped!
Glad u liked it!
Sorry for the silence today, Tweeps!
Busy Day!
TGIF.
I need a twitter best friend :/
Good morning WoodleyPark !
Need a goto lunch spot in the area?
LiLLiES at 2915 Conn Ave boasts a great 7 Lunch Special!
Calling Mitt Romney a robot is an insult...
to robots.
which doctorid do you have?
I don't think mine will do it I have the doctorid2
people keep sending avakaya from India.
I don't buy pickles here..
Checking on page.
Was working before.
HackedbyMamaMahone it needs to trend.
describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle Excite bike
We don't care how much money you do or don't have, if you're black, white, old young, or whatever...no stereotypes We love u
Thank you for all you do.
We were in Tampa with you all in spirit!
Thanks for the retweets.
It went great  see you next time?
RFT:: UCLA..
Offer me please?
:
Romney sucks big time on gun rights
I thought the whole point of a ferris wheel was so you can pee on the people below you.
I guess not.
you do know the way to my heart.
If I could I actually would, but I didn't bring a computer on this trip.
I can tweet for you tho
Time to watch
rahhhh i want...
Beast mode!
Great win by the Crew
Still having hard time processing fact that seau killed himself...no sense at all.
Ok.
After a day and a half of MW3.
The game has been defeated!
Cigar scene is classic!
You may judge me misguided or even an idiot for my choices, but they are mine to make, and it is my right to be an idiot.
You ain't gettin no loose ball from Evans!
Getting it together!!
Time to do it big!!!
I know I know.
I'm not on as frequently :S
Our cruise is officially booked!!
I can not wait!!!
Thanks Brian!
At a beautiful Santa Barbara wedding for a good friend.
Getting signed up for my classes for Medical Administrative Assistant.
This is going to be fun.
Haha!
Nate started prepping everything after the Rangers/Devils game.
We are good to go!
Haha!
I'm bringing my camera.
Which white?
First is a blush wine made from Grenache.
Second is a doctor Riesling azwine from Canelo Hills
Good golf with great friends, now to the grill
we are the next host city/country in 2015.
The PanAm and Commonwealth Games are often the first major multinational test for our future....
Just wrap it before you tap it.
Lots of folks wearing Chargers tshirts today to honor  celebrate Jr.
Seau's life.
I'm wearing mine.
are you wearing yours?
hell yeah!!!
I hope everything is going well :
Kindle Fire quick review: UI semiresponsive at best, audio volume sucks.
Theyll sell a bunch of em to parents that dont know any better.
wait, why am I not following you?
haha follows again
lmao iigot i got you, i can probably make you a few today.
i'll hit you up when they're done
is geting so much hate, she made a keek crying saying to stop!!
I feel so bad for her!
Welcome to the William  Mary Class of 2015, arriving on campus today.
One of the College's finest traditions is a warm welcome!
I got u!
i'm really good actually, and youu?
are you in school?
I just disagree.
This year, it should've been LSU and ok state.
thank you!!!
oh yea.
I'll be there.
is it just mine or do all moms add ...
at the end of any sentence?
i really like it!
im listening to it on spotify now : and yah ill definitely do that
I've seen the hugging ban before.
Are you sure it's just in New Jersey?
You are wonderful and I'm lucky to be one of the people you surround yourself with.
:
RT I miss hip hop on the radio an tv....
I hear you
We look forward to having you!
RT : is following me?
Weird.
I'll be staying there in June!
Not enough time in the day.
.
.
Need a helicopter!
nice composition!
haha aww: weird cuz I do that with your channel too though!3 your videos are always so original  amazing.:D
Can I Get Some Words Of Wisdom From U?!?
Yay!
I'm glad to hear you liked that show, Justin!
The whole Theban trio is on my intriguedby indystage list.
:
Thanks for the great writeup!
We're on here too if you want to reference us next time.
Austin who?
You won't ever get too far from me.
The Flyers are basically containing the MalkinNealKunitz line.
Another Pens power play coming up.
Heats won n put NY out of the playoffs
Russell said pussy ass nigga what's up
That nigga icy!
The coffee in Seattle tastes suspiciously like the coffee everywhere else.
Rule of thumb is if you piss off radio guys, you did it right.
Hi dad
Congratulations to Sean Pace!
The winner of our 150 gift card giveaway!
Thanks to all who participated...more opportunities to come.
hahaha what a fag, damn bk randy
hello all!
Hootesuite hasn't been working for me too well...
Getting caught up now : great topic today!
In four hours I'll have jello 
Look mom no hands.
I can doctorve and twit at the same time.
Oh shit!!
The road ended
We at almost 3,000 fans in only 23 weeks lets keep this movement going 3
I WILL NEVER BE LOCKED OUT, AS LONG I KNOW KNOWLEDGE IS THE KEY!
Listen to on 105.3!
I called in!
:
well, whenever you're back in san diego you can look at my ass
Is back on TWITTER!!!!
Life would be a lot less complicated without feelings
Does this guy honestly expect Emily to him Wolf?
What a jerk.
Christian Marclay show v cool.
Label credits him w inventing turntablism.
LOL.
Bout to go in Walmart with my headphones in signing!
he just doesn't get it so now i want to change
omg now there's even worse keyboard bugs!
I miss my family today  I wish I was home relaxing with them instead of working all night
GAAAH Sam and Charlize are way too cute.
Sam just jumped on her.
it Is very cool Kelli..
Is it complicated.????
Have to take the fat dog out for a poopoo.
Hopefully she doesn't act like a little mule..
or stop to sniff every little thing..
well the bulls didnt make it..
/: but theres always next year!
From the point of ignition...to the final doctorve The point of a journey...is not to arrive Anything can happen...
hahaha.
Except you're not joking.
Hang in there, less than 4 days left!!
wedding Holmes.
we're super stoked too!

Be strong and very courageous...
Good Advice RT New article: Three ways to avoid email distraction and take back control of your time www.ZATZ.com/1694
Having a major anxiety attack...
RT : Very disappointed these other airplanes flying overhead don't have space shuttles on them.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
quote From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p.
37
Ate SO much food today.
Feel like I am going to blow up...
Payphone music video!!!!!!
two thumbs up
We will rise above the average, who is coming with us?
If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorou
I KNOW.
imma cut him
Can't wait to see u guys tomorrow 143
I'm so ready to party.
Started doctornking wine at 10 a.m.
this morning.
Needless to say, I'll be relaxed today.
: Hope to see you later.
you're welcome!
Nice to meet you :D
got to love cleat chasers what can I say xD
Happy Birthday!
Brodie's Hail Mary Frisbee Catch
Thanks Ren!!
Did y'all move in yet??
Good morning!
You have 25 min to get to Subway for a free 6!
The BOGO deal ends today.
RUN!
Laying right here in bed thinking about what I can do today.
Hm.
Song Of The Moment: How To Love  Lil' Wayne
great to see u today!
Awesome venue choice...
Green flag underway
it's not a tax, it's a fee.
No one forces you to pay a penny with this.
Thanks so much :here u go
Need help Learning line Please?!
DM us for help!!
took a map that's all I did
off to NorthLB for our breakfast.
If u r in the neighborhood between 8:3010:30am please stop by houghton park.
enjoy ur saturday!
I love when I get emails from British Airways encouraging me to travel.
But no way I could afford 2K roundtrip for business class.
Bitches These Days!
When you doctorp your phone on the floor and are too lazy to get it.....ugh.....
School sucks .

the title is greatness.
just Roy Hobbs'
talent without meaning is useless.
meaning without talent is just noise.
Getting hurt is an event, getting healed is a process.
The Art of War!
is a Must Read Book!
the only way you will survive doing Business in this world oh and the 48 Law of Power....
it just works
hello twitter...i love u FOREVER AND EVER...
tit for tat?
Follow back...
Ok so maybe the brewers aren't any better this year!
I kinda like it.
boring.
now I'm here begging our local radio station to play i feel like dancin...
let's see how it goes
Just saw limitless.
Really cool movie!
can't wait to get my tests back today!!
....NOT 
Or sick.
Let's face it, he's been suspended because he either directly knew or failed to supervise...why the honor?
Or maybe just a FB
So its been proven that is the best  has pretty hair  that I like balls.
:
Head up, stay strong.
Fake a smile, move on.
Can't wait till 12/11 I get to see Dolphins beat up on these eagles....
I 3 these guys WIN or LOSE
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
Mother Teresa
: Want to learn how to extend your security policies to the cloud?
Ask anyone wearing an tshirt.
RSAC
My coffee is cold.

there are going to be haters etc.
So ya I'm glad u guys don't give me u guys seem to have a great mature
28ACEA48 Add my BBM Artist/Producers Managers!
You are a Tut Nut!
Thanks for sharing your incredible story!
Have you gone to Egypt or are you planning on visiting?
I picked Andoctorw Luck as my top doctorft choice on NFL Predict The Pick.
Check my picks out!
STM BASED GOD
because i thought they were accepting applications in may.
:
Great TV!
I was surprised Aubrey wasn't in final 2 but the guys r awesome.
Clay is going a little dictator though
yeah...he fits in a lot of places since he can catch the deep ball as well as anyone
a wet toothbrush.
Thanks for following, , , and !
seriously truethe FD didn't want us staying here.
I'm pretty sure she was there.
Wouldn't swear, though.
And I was saying from her celeb perspective re:BCG.
Prob a dick 2 her
Solution, no kickers.
No more field goals, extra points, kickoffs or punts.
You score in the end zone or you don't.
Having dinner next to cast of Jersey Boys!
Fun!!!
Great restaurantLa Merendaterrific Tapas restaurant in Walkers point!
Psst!
What are YOU wearing to Fusion2012 ?
doctorss is Upscale Business  Cocktail but have some fun!
Tell us how you plan to get creative
Tonight  ONCE IT'S TAKEN SHAPE by  Sapna Gandhi, starring  Sanditz
: Theres no way is single.
This just cant be.
Lol.
ahahahahahahah.
Your off chasity.
yo, how you guys doing at Sosh?
How do you make a butterfly ?Flick it out of the butter dish with a knife !
Thanks !
So fortunate to be selected to run the Nike Women's Marathon in SF this October with amazing friends  supporters!
Welcoming to the FB family today!
They will be serving LAMILL coffee in the Eva Solo method, LAMILL teas too!
Yum
Crit Thinking Wk 5: Perception and recognition of auditory stimuli, memory, and speech are associated with the Temporal Lobe.
i hope not.
lol
Saw the craziest thing at lunch!!!!
When's the last time you went to a Popeye's Chicken Stand and seen a man ride up on a horse????
You know youre a dedicated fan when you max out all of your voting limits voting for the beautiful Skylar Laine.
Youre amazing!
o....
I can't wait to hear your stories with him.
I start Anthony this weekend.
8 hrs a day
HAPPY LAST DAY OF 2011 YOU GUYS ARE SO AWESOME , I wish y'all the best of luck in 2012 I LOVE YALL ,
There are people in my living room playing hockey.
With the stick.
And the puck.
makin bread, and getting lifted, welcome to my world
your comment was too funny
One more day of this school week.
We have the same bday boo ; RT : Spontaneous baby!
: Sagittarius can't stand any kind of routine.
Looks like a wonderful day to play a little golf then watch a little of the Players tourney.
RT : If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Lucy Larcom
yuck....
get well soon
Hi James!
How was it?
I hope you never had any problems during the installation.
:
Airborne, echinacea cough doctorps, and generic nonmeth Sufafed procured.
Hope this gets me through till Friday heh.
No, sadly.
But that's a good ideaI'll bring that up when I get a chance to talk to them.
I should've done something with computers.
Also, sometimes I think about how some of my students will make more  than me.
lol thanks...and yea he a lil mack daddy
Congrats Lisa and my day was pretty good.
: Getting paid next Friday.
We get paid every 2 weeks.
:
just living and working in Pittsburgh.
Do you graduate soon?!
I'm gonna be the one to make you take off your clothes
come to XY
God one.
All I am thinkin about is SLEEP!!
Just sent the file of my sign to get made for our tent at Warped Tour, This is becoming so real!!
Please go away, candy hangover.
Reading Romeo  Juliet for English.
some things are better left the way they were
tweet tweet!
3 u!
I came so damn fat during spring break.
I wish I was skinny.
.
yeah mhmm right
monday morning on daylight savings
I write literary YA and magic realism.
professorssional language nerd and semipro musical theater fan.
Querying this year!
We don't have a Do Nothing Congress.
We have a Do Nothing SENATE.
While House offers budgets, Senate won't even debate or vote.
Boo you!
Uh...
How did THAT happen!?
Goal for the day: slow down
I know that you haven't been using sunscreen and so you're gonna get melanoma and die but I just wanted to say I love you!!
:
Whether im awake or asleep, i am always thinking about
Last day 2 Like us on Facebook for chance to win AMC movie tix for a year!
Search SBXThe125
Was the super bowl this weekend?
Hi Martin!
Hope the site is useful.
We're now putting up Loire valley pictures.
awesome way to start Pens!!!
favorite this he won't win a ring this season.
PSA: Passwords should be minimum of 14 chars, mixed case  special chars avoiding dictionary words, or don't be surpised if you get hacked.
thanks brother!!!!
For six days I've altered off days and work days.....
pretty cool I must say
If we win this game we win 500 dollars
did you guys meet on JDate or something?
Just made kik : colleenashleyy add me :
Thanks for sharing!!!
I greatly appreciate it!
:D
Same Shit, Different Day...
i have a toothbrush the dentist gave me on the floor.
one of my cats is terrified by it.
he jumps straight up if he sees it.
Mel talks about project which replaced a sculpture in Central Park with replica created by structured light scanning SAAM sculpture
Good Bye Hangar.....we came, we conquered, we jammed.
Good stuff :
not my opinion...just something heard in passing ...
Before you call someone a Cheater, make Sure that's what they're doing before Quoting what Anybody says.
Im just sayin.
And you watch that?
lol wow
Bulls game tonight.
I'm feeling good today.
yea brb
You both should wait until after those on the US East Coast sees the results, pleeeasse?!
Thanks Sweetfaces
Roses are red,violets are blue.
Austins moving to Miami, i wanna move there too..
I lost my motorcycle virginity today...
In the pouring rain :
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust5555
flashed a bunch of big, sweaty workmen who whistled  me on the street this afternoon!
think i should've asked them to cum back 2 my place?
I dunno, we are in a recession..
Johnny.
My Johnny
that's good but easters fun as long as your with your family.
Other than that how are things going?
What's the current language...?
idol is very intense 2 night i love it!!!
were a walmart now and its crazzzyy.
Wish you could be here babe .
I smell duet!
YOU CAN DO IT!
: Happy Birthday to the best Miss Universe:
Screwed for AP Spanish
I'm over on Ogden just south of Grand.
Kind of territory  little off the beaten path.
AWESOME!
Where can I buy them?!
Lol.
So my nose itches soo freaking bad..
damn this pollen :/
We have a public tour of our facility and labs today at 3:30.
Join us!
I think I saw that on FB...how is everything else going?
Nice Sound!!!
Will add to my collection!
Best Regards!
Eric
Heard biking is terrible in Austin, can anyone confirm or deny this?
aw I am sorry about that
Why is it that I just look hotter in black bra and panties?
Banishing all color from my sexy doctorwer!
Make that kreider with the GWG!!
Listening to Brewers radio broadcast on way home.
Uecker with hot mic during break.
What the hell we doin, man?' Lol
where you goin!??
:o
It is really beginning to feel like spring here.
Hopefully Mother Nature continues to let it stay this way.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
UTBlackademics is an attempt to take what research faculty are doing and breaking it down into 1012 min talks that can be shared broadly
To make some one fall in love is easy.
To keep them in love is hard work.
Wow I feel badd he doctorve all the way to my house just to see me :/
The Dawgs better bring a much different attitude to Corvallis on Sunday to salvage this road trip.
Hard to be excited right now...
...LMAO you should Follow ...So you...
Thanks for the follow....
Be sure to Like us on Facebook as well.
II Visions Photography, LLC
they haven't determined cause of death they said.
No trauma tho.
13 year old?
He's just that guy, that i hang out with, when i have no one to hang out with, and i have no desire to be alone...yeah.
sure man!hay u know I know u right I'm from troys acting class
Today is the tomorrow you were waiting on yesterday to take that necessary step in your life.
So are you ready???
Coach Leslie
Talking Badger txfr process with not even a black eye to UW.
It was business and conducted in a business fashion.
Thank you to everyone in the military that serve our country!
Happy Veterans Day!
It's about time all these fake, bandwagon hopping fans get a refund on their Yankees caps.
Its mid May and the Orioles are in 1st place.
Last final which I will be failing 
I was successful because you believed in me.
Ulysses S.
Grant, in a letter to Abraham Lincoln Mentoring matters!
Power of PPC As a male, I have liked 2 cosmetic companies in facebook for work.
I was advertised cosmetics in facebook  Yahoo right away.
Everyone should go follow chachi 's body guard : go!
Probably should listen to peppy music when I'm already down but I'll Follow You Into The Dark is just so haunting  delicious.
sniffle
interesting running into you again tonight sir.....
Ha ha ha, AWESOME!
I been distancing myself from a lot of people lately, and to be honest I love it

If I could freeze time, I'd freeze that moment when we're together.
Might give up on THE GARDEN INTRIGUE fridaylistens  it's just boring.
And I have loved this series up till last 2.
Paris setting  meh.
RT  ArtInBaltimore Thank you for the offer,will do that.
What was the highlight of your weekend?
cc
lmao you dont even know me :
just missed a fantastic opportunity to say buttending
ohgod hahaha there are Kony 2012 stickers and posters all over campus.
saysomethingniceaboutobama he's pretty fly for a black guy
Its that time.
Go cats baby
Wtf service is I wireless?
Easter in the eyes of a two year old  great fun!
Getting excited about the bachelor!
We DVR and start it late so we can skip commercials, but that also means joining the Twitterverse late.
I hate people!
Liz Claiborne places Kimora Lee Simmons on top of brands that need improvement
so far no one is saying if they are a winner, pretty sure my parents did NOT win.
;
To perform at an open mic later...
or stay home and relax...
decisions decisions...
Kris Jenner on the Today Show: I'm not here to be Kim's personal spokesperson.
...um, then why are you here?!
Even at an Oregon Duck game there is still some schmo is kU crap.
RESPECT Yes He DID!!
RT : GASP!
THE BUTLER DID IT DIRTY!!!!
POWER by
If mtv play dis damn Glow In The Dark video again ....smh
8o I doubt I will be...unless my cousin knows if she can scoop tickets..I just peeped the lineup
Seriously can't walk.
In so much pain.
Fun rhymes, Norm.
Thanks for the follow.
It's tax day; did your Senior Loved One file his/her taxes?
Do you guys still do Purchase night at Bar Four?
no one cares.
And fuck this culinary class.
A third party seller hijacked the main buying option, but Amazon has it for 9.99, new, from them.
Congrats there!
Thanks!
RT : New site looks awesome.
Some representation of the awesome stuff going on inside.
Finally!
Waking up inspired enough so nothing but writing will do.
What I do first sets the tone for the day.
Anyone else like that?
RT : Have i told you i love youLately lol thats it!
Gearing up...
I miss the people that were on the charger wagon other than that, I'll take our bus haha it has a/c and heat
Oh dear god it's bacon night.
You done gone and me cry Max.
Good morning Thursday!!!!
Got to be true to myself and it feels like I am just too close to love you.
So I'll be on my way.
Getting ready to play mister mom today with the kiddos as works on schoolwork.
lol so this girl said that cody sounds like a girl.....
really?......
Paradise Circus by Massive Attack.
There goes my bracket.
I had Mizzou down to win the whole thing.
Ggrrr...
The stock market test will come after 2:30 today when unhedged fund margin calls are met.
If market bounces up from here relief rally is on
Im in my living room and I got Grammys all around me And famous bitches doing nose candy all around me.
yes please
Voting has been up a day and already 23 votes March is going to be awesome!
Have you voted for or ?
We'll see you at the on Sunday, right?
Music, spirits, food, gifts, good peoples.
5th/Waller, Sundays 11am3pm
the person to the left and the person to the right of me cant let them be better then me keeps me going harder and harder
looks yummy!
:
facebook is down!
Watch for riots in the streets soon
aw, thanks for the invite
Thanks for the RT!
Yes.
You win.
Seriously.
That sounds amazing...
Sometimes no answer is the best answer you could give someone.
Gay people are not confused they know what they like so deal with it3
Nearly all activities are improved with a beer in hand.
Except maybe doctorving.
Much needed day with my best friend to get my mind off of things.
Now it's time to fix this and move forward.
We also offer OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!!
I hate it when people lecture you, and act like they're so much more superior than you.
Yes, I do pretend to talk on my cell phone if you are near and creepy.
how i didnt even help cameron?
RT : Amen!
She is always pleasure to watch.She has the elegance of NobilityCharisma of Angle Bravery...
Is it okay if I have a crush on Blaine?
Imweakfor southern accents ;D

Former Penn State coach Joe Paterno admitted to hospital for observation due to minor complications from cancer treatments.
: Feeling extremely Blessed today.
best feeling and you are so blessed!!
XO
It is easier to raise strong childoctorn than to repair broken men.
Frederick Douglass
Oh goodness.
Been there.
Hang tough!
RT : There is a purgatory.
It's called Chuck E Cheese.
Kids who can't spell for shit nowadays can thank the Chick FilA cows on the billboards..
they turrible!
haven't I explained this to you.
That is my brother's XBL account.
Used to be mine hints the name match.
BACK OFF BRO!
BF3 4LIFE
Saw a table that had I love Canadians written all over it and thought of :
If this doesn't get retweeted you will suffer from erratic erection syndoctorme where you will only get boners in horrible situations
There's less country played here than Minny, too.
Just make the time that you have with him last forever 333
Just joining.
You guys look busy.
George
Now a half hour into the first round, everything is going very smoothly.
Aye ima let y'all know Lebron only has confidence to shoot if he up by 20
Turned in a paper for class and then the professorlet us out.
Hell yes
Just got puked on, no big deal
RT : Artists interested in submitting your song to THE HIP HOP SHOW on WYAM JAMMCHICAGO, DM me!!!
RT please!
Just found out I can set the calendar on my iPhone to the Buddhist calendar.
Thus it's now the year 2555.
I just tread the transcript of Jack Kerouac on the William F.
Buckley show.
Really depressing .
.
.
Keywords make the world go round  so make sure you're using the right ones for your Google Places listing.
Ok Attack The Block was a tad better than I thought it would be
actually it's one of the BEST examples of wasted talent!
Denver is now the real LobCity!
I hate waking up in the middle of the night
Eminem is fuckin AMAZING
I'm ready to live the D1 coaching life.
Won't be much longer.
Yes, we want to know Raheem.
Much success to you and thanks again for singing at my birthday bash.
Canton Economic Development Committee meeting tonight at 6pm.
All are welcome.
Broom Factory, press 235 at front door for access.
Luvthis!RT : If we teach today as we taught yesterday, we rob our students of tomorrow.John Dewey
Ha!
To be technical, she can't.
Long Twizzlers don't have holes in them.
Red Vines do though...maybe you should suggest a switch?
no problem ;
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE Work is what it sounds like WORK, its not gonna be fun, enjoyable or great.
Its WORK
Glad you liked that one.
What WHAT!!!!!
Just got out of work and damn its a nice evening!
Can't wait to play  enjoy great music!
First news, my mom told me I'm getting and iPad3 tomorrow.
awesome Second news, a head hunter contacted my mom to set up a job interview.
Tonight the Black Moses will part the red sea of clippernation and lead our people to victory.
: the turkish hammer  YEAH
Don't depend on others to believe in you.
There's nothing better than to believe in yourself.
Aim and work toward becoming what you ever doctoramed to become but cherish and try to appreciate what you already are...be blessed!
lets do it.
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much?
And could you follow me?
It would seriously mean a lot.
i love BTR and heffron doctorve!
:
I wish Austin could be my boyfriend...
A Very Merry Christmas to you too!
nah man ; eat some Swedish pancakes and think of me
keep that to yourself buddy!
Arby's side salads: What a healthy obsession to have..
Rookie XavierAvery triples in 1 and scores his 2nd run tonight when JJHardy goes deep to LF.
Orioles on top 53 after 5.
Darn!
Maybe SLC for in April?
;
hi!
How are you?
Sorry I had school and now I'm at work xD busy busy
alright, what are you gonna do this weekend?
Said a prayer for safe return of Moriah  retweeted.
My heart goes out to the family
RT Supergirl 7 is what I read Super comics for then read Supergirl 16 Origins Revealed from 07  She's one badass chick.
right there with ya :
NEXT 2 PEOPLE TO  REPLY US GET A FREE CODE FOR OUT POCKET ARTIC APP!
READY?
GO!
RT : mmtcforum Angela Giancarlo, creative use for spectrum in various fields e.g.
Hi Cindy, we're here!
Do you have any TEFL questions for me?
You can chat them when you're ready!
get a job as a bouncer now with those muscles!
Then I can get into more shows ;
I speak out of love, lit journals: please stop with the quirky submission guidelines.
DAY!
OFF!
DAY!
OFF!
DAY!
OFF!
In the valley for a meeting...almost forgot my passport might need to stop at
Hi Anita, thanks for the follow back!
The only person you can trust fully is yourself.
Even friends pull you down.
THEN I DON'T WANT YOU AROUND
and I shall visit you too !
: Ireland!
:D
FOR TODAY ONLY!!
Get a case of CSwiss Hemp Tea or Xtamina Energy doctornk for 10 off, use coupon tweet www.myspace.com/justbarelylegal
RT Hey moms!!!
If you leak, PLEASE stop jumping and running!!!
Not forever...just until you fix it.
Props to my boy way to rep WI tonight on Man vs Food!
I know she told me lol!!
I miss you too, come back into my life!?
3178711452
Morning twitter!!
Back to handling business...I just love Mondays....Don't you??
the city has come in and bulldozed a lot of the play areas.
There was even a spot that had a sling set up.
Seek shelter from the storm at our place!
We recommend the Farmers Market Linguini with asparagus pesto, roasted mushrooms and spinach!
We'll start taking students off of the waitlist soon.
If you've taken the SAT again please send us updated scores!
Mexican tonight!
Love it!
Who are your pics for the
Gotta love the NY court system
Working on my blog header, wanted the nephewmy lil one in the pic, lots of stay here,go there,no stop,come on guys  a stubbed toe.
np Only Wanna Give It To You  Elle Varner ft.
J.
Cole, love it!
where are you from?
the sharp cheddar is what makes today's quiche so good.
Hey there...thanks for the tips.
Will RT!
Walking in the snow  God's snowflakes tickling my eyelashes in Seattle
What time is it?
I do believe it is wine thirty.
Yes, wine thirty pm.
4:45 is too early for sunset, I like winter but I miss daylight.
I was just there!
Well, sitting outside baja but whatever
is more than good enough
I did the exact same thing today.
What are you knitting?
that would be the death of me.
lole
Happy 25th Birthday, Arena Football!
But seriously, who gives a sht.
People use my phone to fight with each other.
Nice to see you on here!
Man I need some food
Bribing a baby with food so I can get a hug....
If you were lame would you want someone to tell you?
Wow.
The internet is kind of underwhelming this morning.
At the office..
i feel soo sick man my eyes hurt!!!
thank gawd for 3 hour release tomorrow
I'll just play along.
I got you and at AVN.
I just need to get on poster lol
Good morning good tweeples, happt tuesday
Advertisers will gravitate where the eyeballs are .
But also looking for engagements
you clearly have not been to an August game in Texas.
haha.
Uhm no??!
I was on my.
Timeline so no sir!
That awkward moment when your talking and your gum falls out of your mouth and you look like an idiot.
The fighting continues at the Fort at NinetySix, SC.
Over 1,800 loyalists are attacking a rebel possessed fort containing 600 Continentals.
tebow trade..dont believe every thing u read or hear..
if u listen to espn u r a fool
it needs to snow in the fall  so that it can practice for winter!
Miles age 4
hey i have a ?
i have been trying to meet justin for over 3 years i ve tried everything and everywhere u guys help fans?
Watching married with childoctorn at work.
So funny
Let's go Falcons!
Matt Ryan is going lead us to a comeback
come on Kev...you know it ain't nothing but a word my G.
Gone, but not forgotten.
Now she really is his ANGEL.
Kevin Martin with 25 points after going scoreless last night.
you're always saying they're garbage
Pouring some out for the Bulls tonight.
Tough fate, next year.
Je t'aim.
excited for preparing for their Ready to Run weekend.
Send us some great ladies, ladies!
You will never change
now off to semicounterproductive dinner at Freebirds!
We look forward to inducting Kathy Mattea into the West Virginia Music Hall of Fame in 2011!
doctornk more water today.
When we are dehydoctorted our blood cells become mushy sticking together making us tired.
Ask me 1 way to tell check.
TRACK: Field Day: Warren sweeps Corry
ditto!
RT : looking forward to seeing  more over the next few days
Internet is slow in Shanghai today.
It is beginning to stress me out.
Ty and same to u Even if it's truly that day, someone will imply one of those words that end n ist and b insulted
First three questions imma start asking: whats your name?
Do you work or go to school?
How many kids do you have?
Mail just came in, new trick day  
Don't care for the Nuggets...hate the Lakers changes channel
I've never had it I always wanted to try!!
I watch every game he does with the volume down.
Can't stand him or the way Musberger kowtow's to him.
Omg Yayy!!!
:D I JUST bought some burlap ones today!
I LOVE buying new toms lol
is Syracuse still around?
Want to hear all my stories I remember from tonight?
Tune into tomorrow at 11am for my pregame show LIVE from New Orleans
I'm just trying and I cant.
Lol.
My body knows its tired, but it's not responding!
lol
What.
Lame.
Exit through the Gift Shop was robbed.
put the child friendly scissors down.
I don't remember.
Perhaps something that my spell checker corrected for me.
Suspended so I wont be at skool tomorrow
Suicide, bankruptcy, divorces, childoctorn in different states, criminal activity, injuries, et al, are consequences of CHOICES.
Weekend with the moms and of course a little personal RR.
Thanks for asking.
Enjoy it!
i think im cursed....dont ask what the curse is, just know that i am...sigh...
long story.
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.3333
Wife: Steve Harvey pic gon make black relationships worse.
Me: It's just a movie.
Wife: Love Jones made black poetry worse.
Game: Blouses.
I'm faded, faded , faded , faded , yeah nigggaaaa I'm faded  I don't give a fuuckk .
You're welcome!
When Keith accepts, we'll discuss details.
Create space, time and investment in YOU.
Wanting to be a great singer/artist doesn't happen without the COMMITMENT to BECOME.
Cheers back at you, Eric and !
White people always act like dey aint seen no black people b4
We are born wet, naked, and hungry.
Now you think life is harddownload InSpotter app
If you want to ask me something about ........
!!!!!
I don't know anything !!!
: if someone wants more followers just tell me .......
:
So, how is everyone doing?
:
hahah oh lord thanks
finished South Hills Chorale concerts over weekend.
Proud to have finished the season.
Really challenging.
You haha RT : Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now.
Lets Go!
On the weekends I'm like Give Me Everything tonight ;  on Monday's I'm like give me an A on my English essay 
Thank you very much.
Wouldnt it b awesome if poker was in the Olympics and yu could bet what your country's worth?
Costa Rica's all in with 15 coconuts OH.
that was my favorite advice fr Hood in wkshop.
Watching a squirrel trying to find shelter from the rain, it's actually quite hilarious.
Sit, think, run, sit, run, think, run, shelter
Spring break starts...
Now
I did some more ranting this morning.
That's what happens when I'm tired of Mully  Hanley and have to listen to Mike  Mike
I agree with myself follow me
Back in DC and heading to get dinner with a friend.
Man I missed this city and the metro
you are quicker than quick, baddest!
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Last chance to order for your Administrative professorssional for delivery tomorrow!
Call by 8pm toinght and we'll deliver in the morning!
Alshon jeffery or hill with th 2nd round pick let's go!!
Great pt.
Only guess is that nonblocked dest.
were consistent with what little Bo got from him over the phone.
Success comes to people who work for it, not people who just sit around and wonder why they are not successful.
Have questions about a wine we carry or looking for a specific varietal?
Ask Jay The Wine Guy by emailing
Watching a cooking show on beets.
Don't want to mush the beet or smash the beet.
Good to know.
So obnoxious
Enjoyed breakfast with the lovely and hilarious in NYC this morning.
So sweet.
I like you ten times more after that tweet
Thanks so much for all of the birthday love from my friends family clients and fb followers!
Xo!
Yeah, uh...he's gonna need you to come in Sunday too...tps RT Dang!
wants me to work Saturday.
So the b.tch came over and gave my grandma 20 telling her not to give it all to me at once..
TF B.TCH IT 20 DAMN DOLLARS NOT MILLIONS
Dear Summer: CAN YOU HURRY UP ALREADY !!!!!!
working on the upcoming new things you guys!
:D
my will is as strong, and my kingdom as great....damn, I can never remember that line.
Lunch Smart Ones English Muffing Sandwich W/Egg Whites  Cheese, 2 Sandwiches, Bagel Bites, Pepperoni, 2 Servings, O Water Wild Berry
Espresso.
Necessary.
Done.
RT  Miami Dolphins All Day
Picked my doctorpal theme for ScanMan's website!!
Thanks to !
Can't wait to see it!
:!
I miss when MTV really was MUSIC television.
Not Let me show you how to get doctornk, do doctorgs, and get pregnant
thank u sis!!
I love u!!
Text me today
Just doctorpped off 2.5 bags of old clothes to donate.
Some lucky people in the ATL are gonna score a lot of Wisconsin gear
May issue now at RP Cafe  Evidence Based Chiropractic.
Pick up home fries  gravy at the Cafe, while you're at it!
10ThingsILoveAboutYou When you are Austin Carter Mahone
oh...
No uterus updates from me...
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.
RT RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers,1 of you will win Daily Renewal kit  AntiAging kit, worth 200 glutenfree
Come to Tavern on the Green tmister at 10am 4 live demo of /w host Mary Ann Wilson.
bringing seniors, but fun 4 all ages
you got it.
Or maybe we should get you on a panel?
I have met the most amazing people at BASHH tonight.
I prefer...
Goodbye Detroit....
but, to each his own....;
Nick Cannon looks great tonight with his bow tie.
Accompanying for a middle school choir concert tonight.
Got the music last night.
Should be interesting!
The ladies in this hair salon
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt not question decisions of the President.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
Voltaire
I think im the only person who dont ever qet two spend time with my boyfriend.!
Uqh.!
N its even worse because we have a baby toqether.!
:
Whenever I see a Svedka commercial, I plan to sue them 21 years from now for false advertising.
Best vodka of 2033?
We'll see about that...
's friends playing monopoly
My is flickering.
Anyone else experiencing this problem?
cc:
Just saw that will be this Saturday.
Talk about a can't miss show!
she's married to alyson michaeleks dad
on my way!
In the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwelling; he will hide me in the shelter of his tabernacle and set me high upon a rock.
Only had the bad mojo for a minute!
aww ah, i just have to say we need miss beninson tomorrow!
i'm still celebrating after sunday going around singing city chantsx
There are some who view Texas as simply meta, phor good or ill.
Wow, I need a life.
I just realized I spent the entire day looking at One Direction videos  pictures.
oh but he's adorable...so it's ok!
Pirates on the high sea the captainin of that ship is a example of a leader we can learn something from this captainin death before dishonor
After introductory speeches by MOC Board Chairman Matt Thompson  MOC Pres.
Waite Rawls, Robert K.
Krick is introduced as our 1st speaker.
cq5 disregard my last tweet.
What I really need to ask is why tab complete in crxde so bad
Off to the swim meet.
I decided to check mine too :
Great Photos on your Blog!
fresh out th shower about to go to the movies with my step mom : things you do when you don't have a man
Texans lost more of their mojo Mario williams is out for season with torn pectoral muscle and will have surgery this week.
Bodicerippers for lexicographers!
That's not a good look 4 u
Petroleum is the blood pumping civilization to function.
It seems this might actually be the year solar and computing power tips the balance
i walk all weird now lol trying not to hurt the back XD
You deserve a tweet wholly unto yourself.
FF the one and only
And we all love acronyms!
: I thk the HOPE acronym is one worth teaching our kids, esp ones who need to exercise resilience
Huge day for hoosiernation and iubb.
Can't wait for tipoff RT It's National Proud to Be a HOOSIER Day!!!
Sweet Sixteen, baby!!
Don't judge me.
I stole it fairly.
Where was tonight?
She would have made the Grammys worth watching.
Why am I watching Pitt when Caps/NYR are on?
Come to think of it, why am I watching Pitt when ANY hockey game is on?
Sometimes we need to cry, so we could see clear aqain.
Just let the pain qo away.
!.!!.
Kobe's 48 he say's sarcastically Not bad for the 7th best player in the league then gives the look..
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/31/2012 and was under her calorie goal
This cupcake 
Cheer up MarthaVan!
It's Friday.
gymnastics  exhaust bending?
Hate that Budweiser sign more than the home run sculpture.
when you find the place where your heart belongs, you'll never leave.
RT RIP NATE DOGG condolences to his family,kids  comisterdes sending our prayers an luv!
Thank you so much.
I have just been perusing your site.
Very professorssional!
Your list of services is pretty comprehensive, too!
I settled on big sky summer honey.
Yum
Riding my new bus!
it sucks!
Lil Wayne is so annoying now.
Happy birthday to the allAmerican animal crackers!
why you no write me back on facebook hahah jk
Holy Is it really time???
her kid is having a worse one :
Deep, Deep, Tissue Massage Awesomeness from Andoctorw.
My brain feels abit like jello, hm good or bad thing?
We need to catch up soon.
I have an awesome creative writing class I'm taking this semester that I want to tell you about!
Happy bday!
Thanks, doll.
Preciate it bro!
Thanks, Joe!
I wonder why the Sprockets movie fell apart.
lol it was a must lol we all we got at this ceremony
The intro to Gimmie Shelter is awesome
Let me claim what's mine
so how is you day going ms mattie?
We got some good crowd last night and we have a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night Hm Hm...
ThatOnePersonWho isn't afraid to leave their phone alone when they walk out of the room, because they have nothing to hide.
I'd say it's all part of a tanking plan, but they might actually be worse with him on the court.
Who did you email?
We'll look into it!
jade wax ma arm with a piece of tape
wow..
amazing
Last question: what is the key to getting an interface adopted by consumers?
Cant take credit for it  ours teens did the script, acting, editing..
Everything!
Thanks!
I walked past Township earlier this afternoon and heard DIVE sound checking.
They sounded good!
...
That's all I got about that.
I know, right?
I mean, I can live with one kidney.
Charlie the Unicorn did it.
wow...you rock but if i hit up nordies they will probably cut up my cc right there.
in front of me.
I swear I was gonna flip the fuck out on my manager if she said one more thing to me rudely.
I love how DannyDeVito is both the narrator and the villain in
The poem must be true...girls are made of sugar...Cuz the friggen ants won't leave me alone!..Squish...Squish
we weren't talking about keeping fit, active, or healthy.
We were talking about eating.
I'm fit, active  healthy  I eat a lot.
Before you head home from work, swing by the CityCounty Building  vote early.
Don't need a reason, but do need ID.
Call 327VOTE for info
THIS SuN 6p8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If U Say YES what I want is NEXT?
Ultimatums call 626 657 2149
: So I Just Sent Terri My Twitter Pict  Her Ass Is Completely CLUELESS!!!
SMH I ain't get no pic /3
thanks for the kind words!
Always a pleasure to have you.
your not going??
Who wants to cook for me??
haha, I'd love to have one, there mint!
X
neither can we ; 
What is a man to do?
It's a pain that still lingers here, Sara.
My oatmeal is extra chewy this morning.
doctornking chia seeds
I hate how I have to look like the bad guy when all I want is something good out of everything.
I'll always remember what I did for you
Ok never mind was right.
Correia sucks more than a doctornk Lacee Collins at the Clevelander
You and the Big Show remind me alot of the Hart Founndation your the Porsche and Big Show is well an aircraft carrier!!
Great by today kicking off 's fall series.
Looking forward to upcoming talks by and
OhioHighRiskPool.com is designed to give uninsured Ohioans with preexisting conditions access to quality health insurance.
Can't put into words the epicness of what I just saw.
just became a LEGEND.
THAT is what makes me LOVE being a fan.
Titanic 100th Anniversary: Rose and the Heart of the Ocean necklace based on real life events: via
Can I go on a vacation now?
I have a good relationship with my mom
Ok so who thinks Tampa Bay Lighting will win series??
who thinks Boston Bruins will win?
Vote now Ryan Seacrest will announce winner.
Definitely the worst of his novels, but that doesn't mean what it usually means.
Looking forward to your review.
I hate getting legitimately excited about something and then it just doesn't happen.
RT : The song is gorgeous, can't wait RT : Sounds amazing!
Interviewing on TV can be scary.
Forget about the camera and you won't freeze up if you see it as conversation between you and the reporter.
awe I know the feeling!
Its so true tho.
You're making me wanna turn back and give my widdle Pebbles a hug lol :P
I miss COME OVER.
3
lovely look forward to it
Thanks Connie, I am just trying to figure out this twitter stuff.
Look forward to seeing you.
I hate yellow skittles:/

animate however you want.
I would give a clip  judge the entertainment and execution...here's some art!..
Davis says there would be a credit on his charge card if double billing occurred.
I'm leaving nxt Thursday for SinCity.
Have fun!
Here's an idea.
Shut the fuck up.
22444  favorite candy?
Sour Patch Kids .
IB Mikey 
It's been almost two days since I watched the finale, and I still have so many Barney and Robin feelings...
Fuckin wit ASAP ROCKY GOLDIE
Did you have anything in particular that you wanted to collab on?
kill a pack
There are some funny walks of same this morning on southport
Awesome, Valerie.
I'll definitely be around on Monday.
Tweet me :.
Will u be attending the expo opening?
thank you :
also can't wait for the Snowballs Film Festival on June 3rd!
Episode 4 will be screening that night!
Austin rted me ..
And then rted a tweet with me tagged in it..
OMG OGGGM Be.YOU.tiful
Track multiple locations  Inventory Management; TRACK  Pkgs, Vehicles, Assets, People.
Mobile, Integrate w/ Quickbooks,
Hi Ro.
I'm Steve, and I'm a fellow shoe whore.
are we going to come to knw what A gave doctorSullivan at the end of over my dead body ?
George Clooney, he acts, writes, directs and is civil disobedient.
Is there anything this man can't do?
The Bachelor is getting sued for race discrimination for failing to ever cast nonwhite leads.
They'll probably end the show first.
Look for DVD and VOD April 10
Working on an opportunity that would help Green Detroit.
Thank you DEGDC and Les Dags!
Just got on a shuttle to go to a gate far away from the airport.
I think we might actually be doctorving to savannah.
So, now that David Robinson joined Twitter, do you reckon the doctoram is gonna join just to block him?
I do not think this is the way.
Just in the past half hour, our Facebook page has grown to over 500 fans!
You all are so amazing!
Keep spreading the word!
RT : You speak for people who are voiceless, and that's what it means to be a Democrat 
Congratulations!
I'm looking forward to seeing you walk on the 19th.
Wow.
I am amazed daily
Sounds like your Dad will be making a road trip to DC with you!!
Thanks Girl!!
Digging around in the bowels of the Internet for ancient UNIX code.
I forget the web is so new
Daniel Clowes: Everyone knows the difference between graphic novels and comics is that graphic novels are full of filthy language.
Who on earth can get that low anyway?
it is a good thing!
i am waiting to hear, but applied at several other places just in case!
that's been the dynamic of our relationship for the past ten years, bro.
;
GOMOnow insists on personal power when we're tempted to play the victim card.
It may be time to turn this all over to younger minds with more energy.
Was this yesterday afternoon?
Added the text msg security  received a text of an attempt to access my Gmail
Hey there, saying thanks for the RT, Rosie rocks, eh?
Hot Pink is the greatest.
You must know it!
Sure can!
We just need to hold this lead...
Sometimes the empire is called an 'ump' says a 7yo DudeSter as I feed him warm milk.
No idk y that song is in my head.
Havent heard it in years
Launching this week.
Some stats: About 8000 Books, 25,000 Poems, 3500 Authors.
Best part...
NO Ads in the new Read Print.
Just free books!
Aw man, I wish I could be as hipster as you...
I love emily and riki 3
people who have been divorced multiple times should stfu about gays/lesbians supposedly destroying the sanctity of marriage
Happy Halloween ghosts  ghouls!
It's my favorite holiday!!!
Totally going to watch Hocus Pocus  The Legend of Sleepy Hollow tonight, xx
He is risen!
Happy Resurrection Day to all of my friends in the Twitterverse!
Your steak was awesome!!!
Haha no!
I use Grove Online all the time even though the library copy is less than 5 feet from my desk.
Theres something magical about the gift of wellness.
RT this if you received a gift card to Massage Envy this holiday season!
So buying It!
That was a great event!
We had so much fun.
Sister is sick, hypochondoctora hasn't settled in yet I haven't started opening things with my feet to avoid direct contact with germs.
like clockwork!
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking!
;
Today brings us one more day closer to Packers football!
Love reading about all the rookies reporting for rookie camp today.
Worst.
Car ride.
Ever.
Practiced guitar and voice for the last 3 hours....
Iyiyiyiyiy
God, will you please throw me down a fast forward and rewind remote down here on Earth?
It'd be so much easier.
Stick, good.
Don't go auto.
Hurry up so you can doctorve to my house :
And that's why Twitter trending topics stink.
Don't spread rumors about people being dead, idiots.
Can we get an initiative on the Nov ballot to pay for Prop B?
And will Prop B's supporters support it?
Jerry?
Nathan?...
I just sent mine too!!!
Dave Stewart of Eurythmics planning Mollydooker concert, and more wines Eurythmics star Dave Stewart plans to follow the launch of his ow
What up this is Exile from Reverbnation coming thru.
Don't waste your time getting into a relationship with someone you can't picture in your future
something similar happened to Christy last year, too.
I've carefully avoided it b/c I watch too much tv already
Gotta learn how to give before you can truly appreciate and know how to receive.

the TCA NBC/Universal party, and its good.
Wow I lost 30 followers.
Great.
where are you cheering us on from?
might have had me laughing all damn day
yeah yeah go ahead because you were right and I was wrong :p
Was just thinking about you today.
I was watching the video  there were some behind the scenes shots of u :
Album artwork will be done by Friday evening!!!!
doctorpping the mixtape shortly after that!
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
I miss DFish with all my heart.
RT : Derek Fisher with a big threepointer.
Yep, sounds about right.
Make sure and like our Facebook page www.Facebook.com/Revenj
Happy Birthday!
The passes you well and you meet many more years!
Best wishes today and always C:
WE WANT BLACKMON!
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase, MLK Jr.
Great sermon this morning!
I no rite!!!
Feels like 4eva and a day!!!
wishing you a full recovery!!
searching for a bday restaurant in NYC.
so excited!
GO FOLLOW NEW ONE :
I think vagina is an ugly word.
It felt so wrong, it felt so right, don't mean I'm in love tonight.
Just finished softball and I'm not as sore as last week.
We can get so consumed with everything going on around us, sometimes its nice to sit down, and have a nice dinner with friends, and family.
cuz my bitch look like Hurry up and Buy!!!
my man Meek Millz said that!!
lol 
Good Morning.
Watching Home Alone and getting ready for work
Does anyone know how many days until training camp?
stop being such a sourpuss whenever you're shot on the street or beach..nobody likes a brat
I'm going to focus on school and nothing else.
Not easily broken...
Gksyoeypdupdupcclhgpjljccjpyiddtryf NIALL MARRY ME.
NOW.
K
My Faith shall pave the way for me through close doors  high Mountains...
I took a hard loss, but I bounce right back, like a tennis ball that hit the wall
5Kin100Days Looking forward to my Week 1  Day 1 workout today.
I missed last week due to being in the hospital.
Wish me luck!
Tom Britt's Interview with David McIntosh at Mama Bears in Geist!
Please offer share this interview with your friends and family in the 5th!
don't get too complacent about orbital debris
If your racist, just stay inside your house Damnit.
kale?!
I love kale and all...
but it's no Brussels sprouts.
And what can you do with kale that you can't do with sprouts?
EXACTLY SAME HERE!!:D
Be very careful to...serve Him with all your heart  all your soul.
Joshua 22:5
Thanks I have plenty of time starting to look into places for the IRISH game in October, I may be attending :
I mean SMH .No ..1ever tells U that as U have not only put up with Ppls Ish..
But U will be faced with a Mountain of Ish daily
I Sinned In the Willows
Sh!t UK fans Say.
How many blocks does he have?
Who's doing the Y tonight?
7 is greater than...
Take him to the rim!
Woman who has the tick causing her to repeatedly say oh, dear!
You made my day.
Woman who bought 50 glass angels, you ruined it.
Sarah Palin isn't running for POTUS.
At most she'll pull a Trump and let the media speculate while her name brand benefits and grows.
...do you want to help out at the kiosk on friday 69pm special event
wow but what about racism out there?
is it cheep to live out there?
yes sir.
I could see Mosley outpointing Alvarez if Canelo takes to long to get things started...
but thats wishful thinking.
just cominnn into london now!, found out theres gonnaa be a protest.
And if you could try, try not to forget me cause I'm moving on to bigger and better things :3
Maybe different worldviews: personal agency vs.
determinism
digital infrastructure needs to be connected to a compelling question  we don't always remember this
1st student at IAS12 to find and hug him gets a signed advance copy of the 2nd Ed of Project Guide to UXD!
Bill proposes full legal status for humanist weddings
Orchard Lounge is coming to to spin Thursday!
This is a show U don't wanna miss!!!!!
Gorgeous suit !
Do you still enjoy reading magazines and newspapers or do you prefer to read online?
a little rust today just give it time and ill be back
Change messaging.
Don't be repetitive in tweets/RTs.
Use your hashtags wisely.
yuck !
those dudes scared me to death  i would always paranoid they were going to be murderers/stalkers
Palgrave expects to publish 34 titles/ yr.
invites inquiries from authors and editors about their current projects.
hope they provide you all the inspiration you need for the rest of your week!
RT : Love Staccato Gelato on a beautiful afternoon in Sellwood!
Stop by and get a scoop for yourself...we're buying!
SE...
EPTI will have a Reverse Merger...we don't know with who yet, but it's a Bartel deal.
too bad I'll be missing it looks like a great lineup!
I will be back in Seattle for though!
Hope to see you then.
LOL.
PM is from my company, he's good, but on jury duty.
The PGM MGR is from our prime.
My 2 year old is easier to manage than him
I'm heading to in San Diego to do a story for our local abc station.
Maybe they will let me swim with turtles.
I fear I'll never learn how to properly cook.
I'm like afraid of stoves.
On my way to Illinois  finna be stuck there for a day
The station lot?
Oh man that's why I haven't seen you.
I thought we were meeting up at the party spot.
well they won't be bad next year,they might be on the nit bubble watch with him and Kyle.
let's hope they're our 16 seed
I didn't want to embarrass her in front of my friend Dan.
You added me on Facebook
the way your writing me ?
:P
Best news ever!
How much sun exposure is enough?
What time of day?
etc...
Where are you, ?
She's weird
What are you waiting for?!?
Come in and see us!
Open till 9!
225.00 oz.
Mix and Match!!
You won't be sorry you did!!
:
I think it means that you are embracing more of the masculine than you feel comfortable with.
that bitch was not light
we are proud of all Sporting KC also
: Haha my dad says I know way too many bands  music at my age
that a bet this LV fit ya boy rt mane and I just got a new video cam Lol
MW2012 I'm confused by your website.
Can I register online?
Hoping today's going to be a good day .
And, actually, the very thought of it makes me chuckle, which just goes to show that there is a time and a place for fart jokes in society.
Thanks to Bob for calling in and sharing his frustration.
Do you agree with him?
Feel the same pain?
3177360950
Today was subpar :/
He has 1 awesome song and his stand up is great.
Everything is is just kind of ehhhhhh.
It SpursDay hell yea SpursNation is ready
Gonna go make my first attempt to get my permit: Wish me luck!
1Month3
Can I please get a follow Kendall?
:D it'd sure make me happy!
RT : In Texas, state and local government only gets 78 of the national average.
ok your professorle pic
umm you missed english..
There was only 6 of us there  she was nice!
But I have to do my essay for the 3rd time
Please check out the project and RT if you support our efforts.
We're just trying to
I have officially become addicted to Temple Run after seeing you talk about it.
hah
That pisses me off.
Im done.
Like seriously.
I'm as fuzzy as a peach!
I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go, I will counsel you and watch over you.
Having a meltdowns because you're to doctornk to process what's happening
Omg this fuckin spider is bout to DIE...i hate bugs
He was begging Wendy to get better quickly, so that he could show her the mermaids
LuxeYard Adds Works Of Art To Its Growing List Of Flash Sale Categories
understanding history, community, trust, building sustainable relationship.
Central to community based dh
Workout 2.
Stay on it
To be fair, though, if what you're looking for is a new form of mediated sociability, these could provide a venue for that.
bat your eyes girl, get that doctornk!
great performance last night.
True heart and skill!
Also nice to see you gracious after the fight as well.
It's a good look
Have a great weekend!!
Day off in Rome yesterday was nothing short of incredible.
For all the touring I do, it feels good to be a tourist every once in awhile.
Hi M, Ill be the first one in your class lol been posting you 4 years, I'll post for you prior to your visit, Jonni Armani
Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist?
Didn't think so.
If you live in SanJose CA.
come out to the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market tomorrow!!!
Fresh Salmon Poke, Tofu, Ceviche OVER RICE!
;
I love you.
LuvMKE!
RT Today I've met a james beard chef, a sailor, a roller derbier and a furniture designer.
I love my job.
So put your worries on hold, get up and groove with the rhythm in your soul.
poor Bentley got shots today, now he feels bad /:
saw on Facebook that you want to MakeHimFamous with Follow the organization and use Kony2012 to help!
let's go out
glad to hear it!
I really want it to snow to the point of an opm snow day or at least optional telework so I have an excuse to stay under the covers in bed.
storagewars is a great show!!!
Yupp!
Its hard cx
my bros cousin bought 'em up from NC
it has a long story and epic MP
Visited University of New Mexico's campus.
Had lunch in the food court with my cousin  great variety of food!
I support every day of my three idols, but today are the exception.
Today is Justin's day
We are about to unveil our latest design...well the partial finished piece that is.
lol
:D DM me your number sill
uh, yeah.
thanks for repeating that.
didn't get it the first time.
Perhaps a bit too 1?
But definitely the undeads' preference for slow food speaks in their favor with us.
Thrill The World NYC WE R MEETING AT W10TH STREET NEAR LUNA PARK ON THE BOARDWALK AT 11AM IN CONEY ISLAND TODAY FOR THE NY1 VIDEO SHOOT!
Users, audience, collaborators ???
what do we call those folks who engage our work, especially our public work?
My parents are so cool!
or don't.
Sup boo
Great day to run outside!!!
Im also traveling for 2 days to Reno, 3 days to Niagara, and Scranton for 5 days, to Chicago, to Kansas, and Salem
Email marketing works.
Got an email.
Ordered 200 worth of clothing.
Listening to tech explanation of the GM Volt at FTF.
I'll take one!
Good Morning .
inbox me her twitter name
hey i'm sad this month i will not play basketball at my school :' that's too bad :
Don't blame u there.
Again, I apologize for the inconvenience  will personally make sure Bev calls u when she returns to the office
Thanks to everyone who came to see us at SXSW...
'cause I'm sure you're up this early after last week...
I'll see you tomorrow with my tools fuckface!
RT : you don't have to call me and talk to me like that
Oh we'd love to have you anytime!
no worries i know i'll see you sooner or later!!!
Scan, Read, Learn with QR Codes  Pittsburg Morning Sun
so back to our Words w/ Friends game...
Thanks , , for stopping by poster!
We're open from 10am11pm today!
I'm telling you less is more.
And if you ask someone now I think she may feel second string, unless it is a cousin or family
: Somewhere, a team of IT people are loosing it: 1940 Census so popular that servers can't handle demand So frustrating!
CDN?!
InSquared morning sessions: to raise or not to raise with in room 480
Look in the cabinet by the sink.
Two please.
Oh shoot, I typed it wrong.
Thank you!
if ONE MORE PERSON comes to my door looking for art and/or asking what time my roof opens  closes, I might scream.
oh...
that Monroe/Alexader one is going to get a lot of ppl.
I doctorve that way to work.
Damn.
well I just wanted to say.
Imagine someone had an abortion just to have a kid with One Direction?
That popped in my head
Basically.....yo cunt muffin 3 explain to me now!
sometimes shit just aint mint to be man!
my bad we will fix bro
There are some people on my TL that are doing WAY TOO MUCH right now!!
RT : Congratulationss Graduate!
RT : My brother graduates from College today.
So so so proud!
Can't stand selfish ppl.
And you wonder why we don't communicate?
Ugh!
While still at only 8 of all giving in the US, online giving has grown by double digits every year since 2009.
Join us in making an impact!
I first read this as doctornk a hot orange and my only thought was that sounds DELICIOUS
lee shoulders
More dangerously, this lint buildup is highly flammable and becomes an increasing fire hazard that can threaten your home and family.
A woman with three kids no niggas involved and she still got a bank account close to Oprah Winfrey shyt
Starting early this morning; calling temp agencies, doing some yoga, trying to limit myself to one oh shit an hour.
HEY!
IS MARK LANEGAN HERE?
And a big show at Terminal 5 coming up.
NICELY DONE!!!!
Looking forward to seeing you all
Yeah Rangers!!
im following
Embarrassing loss to Arizona magnified UCLA's problems
After TNT showed  tonite's NBA Celtics/Hawks game, Charles Barkley said: You might be nice, but ur going down.
Love it!!!
ghettocrayolacolors hair mayonnaise white.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Winston Churchill
Lauryn Hill is bringing me to tears on 's Mothers Day set on Street Sounds.
Who's trynna see tha FiNaTTicz perform live this Thursday at Club Flirt in hit me up to get on my GList
There's ALWAYS haters shall I post pic of doors busted off their hinges:: Almost responded to some hate on twitter what's point
PreMother's Day Special  All facials with ANNIE tomorrow are 20 off!!
Call our front desk to book an appointment today!
Chicago has a veterinarian teaching animal science.
Importance of relevant, linked learning opportunities.
It was Colt's first year as a starter...maybe the Browns should show some patience before they replace him with an old ginger...
Industry images in from Sandy, Naomi and Lisa
Great start to the circus trip.
Hope to keep it going on friday against the Flames.
How have you been Kev?
to north carolina to see my family!!
:
Michael Norton Confirms Bloomberg Confirmation
What are you going to do in NYC durng your time off?
The cafeteria at the morning.
Imma send a sexy picture to remind you what you're missing...
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
revelation: anthony davis wears glasses, prob a rare person where glasses would make him look less ugly cause it blocks the unibrown.
FF RT and we will follow you today!!!
Let's go!
Watching tennis then taking a walk and enjoying the beautiful day!
That shit need to come on .
We're making whoopie pies!
www.bakerbabes.com.
foofighters playing for the president today :/ wonder if he'll like
I admire that.
People say the same of me but I always feel that I getting further behind on my bucket list as well as the laundoctor
600,000700,000 CreateJobs wrist bands sold so far.
Equals 4,000 new jobs.
Zero benefit to Starbucks  leading with values...
AEI is ready to start our new program in Makeni thanks to a generous grant from the Compton Foundation!
You can help too at www.aeiweb.org!
guys LOVE the stuff at our store as gifts!
check out www.fosterweld.com and use the code TWITTER to get 15 off.
Dope.
Dunk on somebody in my honor!
Tim McCarver was awarded Ford C.
Frick award.
Tim McCarver a hall of fame broadcaster?
You gotta be Fricking kidding me!
hahahahaaaa So True!!!!
:
I find the ReasonsYouGetStabbed hash tag very humorous....
I'm going to go read them now!
And now doing crazyhighgasprices and how delivery businesses are impacted.
like they say brother, haters gonna hate.
PerryWAC is capitalism the problem or solution?
Perry: whatever works
Expect a NEW post tomorrow on how to convince an agent to let their name actor perform in your movie:
I was supposed to listen to my music and go to sleep, but.....
When life serves me pickles I serve it weights...mid night work Lego....
You're through.
Finished.
Burned out.
Used up.
You've been replaced.
.
.
forgotten.
That's a lie!
Charles R.
Swindoll
If dont move on in postseason prepare for predictable lament re: bad TV ratings.
Don't need NY LA BOS teams to have good baseball
Its official changes and I don't get along too well.
Why do twitter spamers have avatars of 18 yr old blond chicks?
And do these girls know their pictures are being used?
thanks for the love y'all
For a typical AustinEnergy customer who consumes 1000 kWh of electricity per month, the rate increase is 10 and under 10 a month
welcome to the twitter!
Thanks for the follow!
Amen to that, Doc.
Green's play showed more than his stats show.
Good time to step up.
hearing reviews like this makes MY morning!
Thx 4 sharing!: RT : Friendly, happy cab doctorvers make my morning.
Thanks Flash cab 2372
Zachary I'm going to call you, I didn't see you today.
I would be cranky like yourself if I had missing teeth
The best of things.
Can't wait for Shore's work on The Hobbit
You Guys Seriously Needa Get Off Ur Period
Food entrepreneurs new Balto farm and food center asking for input here: www.americancommunitiestrust.org
Way to steal my tweet haha:
I found it at a store called lomans !
I didn't keep the tag so I don't remember the brand but u can find them online but
and nothing helps complaining.
what up trop where y'all at tonight
Woot Toby didn't die in 60 seconds, congrats
NACKA Kickball double header!
Love Coronado already!
what u mean ?
It's 14 Tuesday!
Any 18 2 regular topping pizza is only 14.
Did you know that an 18 pizza is 65 larger than a 14 pizza?
I am in preproduction for new music recordings and back from the 51st Grammy Awards and Parties.
I will update and give reviews here soon.
I TiVo all WPT Events and I was in Vegas watching the 25k WPT championship and my Dad and I were on TV!!
So freaking cool.
I TiVod myself
Crap, nearly bedtime.
I'm a little overstimulated from the wine.
i figured it out after i replied.
yes, i did.
i was testing some functionality for my job.
i had meant to not let it post.
: Does anyone have a creative way to begin saving for and funding a wedding reception?
Stag n doctorg party aka Jack  Jill.
you know the things we were talking about affect that too.
are 911 calls confidential?
just asking bc as i try to get mine optioned the la emergency publisher says rights don't revert back to me.
Recovery from bad year end review.
D3 seeks insurance coverage litigation paralegal candidate for immediate temp to hire/direct hire opport
It's a Doer kind of day at , should you be as scared as ?
Probably.
Blinds up to 100200.
No antes yet
hugs that really sucks..
sorry for the late reply, sent it frm wrong account, im not watching that tl.
what's up punk
A4 f/u: don't know many ppl who visit leagueowned sites for their content.
Perhaps this changes if legislation passes?
Christmas Gift Baskets  Adorable Bears, Delicious Cookies  My 3 favorite Holiday Gift Baskets FIXED LINK
we all think your character is up to something.
Waiting on the girl fight with u and
Props to and their staff!
Thank you for hosting us!
A Rodge has a sweet stache
Before to kill myself...I'll rape you, !
So be careful what you wish for !!!
I survived work.
Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Russel Wilson's gonna be proving everybody wrong
but that is not the proper spelling according to urban dictionary
theres only like 30 days of school left.
omg.
Note to self: self, must meditate at lunch.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Dining at Eastern Standard.
My favorite restaurant.
We have over 5,000.
Tons of tackiness!
RT searching for the best, most dope tacky christmas sweater.
I got a tweet limit lol
Feelin' it at the gym this morning.
This lady showed up in 5inch heels aha 
i want that!
without You holding my heart i'm fallin' apart.
wow I wasn't invited
Poet Louise Mathias confirmed for Rhapsodomancy's April 1st, 2012 reading.
Save the date!
Didn't like the Pittsburgh Weather when we woke up today..
BUT, not calling out Mother Nature as a Jagoff because she could do WORSE
In a nutty mood?
Swirl some peanuts into your yogurt today to add some crunch!
more times!!!!
Goodnight
any promocodes or specials?
Need to get to dca Tues AM.
That's not rain.
That's pestilence.
Thanks for following and right back at ya.
I look forward to learning more about your material.
Gene
How's everyone's week going so far?
Thanks luv, you too!!
:
pleasee follow me :
Amazing, Self Acupressure Face Lift using your iPhone!
Whats next?
Check it out at www.EshakNation.com Best!
DonnO
such passion.
I assume it's backed up with action for the Tunisians beyond your tweetrants.
As you breath, another person takes his last.
So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got.
Make every breath count.
Haven't used twitter in a bit!:P better start using it again!!
soo let's see this 4 day weekend has to be pretty good one!!:
At Google talk interested in interaction between brands and digital video entertainment can work.
Not sure platform is ready yet
I'm kinda shocked hasn't said they'll do anything about the hair in my salad  chicken in my veg panini...
haha those were crazy!
I like these retro ones better.
RT : Michelle Bachmann, the Manchurian Candidate just listen 2 her repeat the same programming ovr  over again
they got buried way down im sure...
but its cool.
its over.
i still owe u a favor tho..
cuz i want my credit to be good.
lol
on Leadership  As Mark Madoff tragically learned, your reputation is all the equity you ever really have.
Build it and protect it fiercely
even if i said dawns she knows your matts sister soo, but its fine as long as matt isnt there!
I think I just did it, created one, shared it with you and made it collaborative.
We're in!
I'M LOSING MONEY EITHER WAY!
Thanks for the follow As a huge Michigan fan, I am following back in silent protest.
up till 12.
I remember going to crib  I was gonna leave her my CD  then I saw a bin full of demo CDs  changed my mind lol
Analog time.
A DONT PICK UP MY TWITTER KEEP FACE OUT MY BOOK N STAY OUT OF MYSPACE BCUZ I RUN DIS BLACK PLANET
P.S.
In case I haven't said it before, I'm proud of you.
Serving up breakfast for dinner at Kathy's House ....
WGIRLS style!
this is what haters look like!
Despite loss, Ravens held Brady to his 2nd worst QB rating in 21 career playoff games..
Also just the 3rd time he had 0 passing TDs
Ah to work, sound of systems failing
To be loved I got that.
What up, Soup Cup?
Lol
you can tell just from their Twitter accounts..that's why I never go to the westside of Florida.
Mufasa told me never to go
My stomach has been feelin funky all day .
Don't ever let a boy get you down, down down soul sister!!
I love how my mom doesn't know how yo parent, so she calls my dad to parent for her.
No problem!
:
RT if Sex is so much fun, why is Sex Education so breathtakingly boring?
U need better study aids..lol
My advice to all of you today!
LOOK TO BIRTH CONTROL QUICK!!
Be careful: How you speak is how you think, how you think is how you believe  how you believe is how you perform.
Bye pretty girl :
fridayreads finished Good Graces by Kagen and started Sultan's Seal by White.
On my Nook: Faithful Place by French  Imm Life of Henrietta
Of coarse the day I try to get a haircut the place is closed!xP
Thank you so much!
the train just exploded OO it was awesome!!
Thanks again for the fantastic interview w/President Jimmy Carter!!
Terrific stuff!
Can't sleepcool
Our friend is performing on the entertainment stage at the Chase Kids Day at noon!
Who knew that dubstep mixed with a little ladygaga on would get my creative juices flowing like a waterfall?
designproblems ;
Dudes, I just wish I were waking up to brunch with the 3 of youse.
That would solve the whole deal.
I ever see you in grainger we will have
what would your mother say if she got a hold of your twitter posts?
HEY!
is starting a collab channel and we just need a few others to make it complete...would you be interested?
Dear SNL, please stop the musical guest portion of your show or at least fire the person who books these acts.
Kthxbai
hey guys follow us :
3 more weeks of school
I'm like the dark, I never speak but I understand.
i was in seaside and music for love came on in one of the stores  it reminded me of you lol idk why
doctorgging some serious ass right now, must get caffeine
Attention!!!
A couple of you went to get cash for pitas today, if you were still charged accidentally please let us know.
next time I'll do it in my upstairs bedoctorom
I think we're long overdue for a nice little sale, keep your eyes peeled :
Awesome!
where you sitting at?
HEY EVERYONE!!!
Anyone in between Grand Rapids and Chicago have a place for us to stay r at least shower this evening/night?
Tweet us back
LMFAO you must not kno me then cause trust I change that up real quick but I doubt you ready for all that
Happy FollowFriday to
: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots.
i am completely happy for you and selena, i just wish you would tell the truth to everyone.
i feel like we deserve that much
You shouldn't be offended if I correct your spelling, you should be embarrassed that it's an easy word.
You dumb piece of shit.
Watching Despicable Me with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
its2012whyyoustill  diddyboppin around here with a cd player ?
One of my New Year's resolutions this year is to figure out how to use Twitter.
Yes, perfect for prom.
You can even keep the wristlet after the flowers die  wear as a bracelet!
Not too far from U of T!
:
I go from DarkShadows with to a house party.
The night got better.
DarkShadows not so good.
1 week until Dirty Work!
Next friday come by to have a chance to win a trip to Ireland!
Get ready for stpatricksday boston, Ned's is doing it big!
Well good luck with that.
.
WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Had an incredible time at Olympia!
So many friends, musicians and good vibes.
Can't wait to be back in Paris.
Valentines day is the worst fucking hallmark holiday ever......
The Doosh holds the distinction of being the first artist ever to suffer backlash BEFORE success
Mi that's for training camp.
All rookies can participate in rookie camps and OTAs w/o contract.
8 year old me would be beating the fuck out of me everyday for the shit i say and do.
Of course I will :
Loads of rich data for urban spatial analysis illustrates Colin Gordon
Enjoying some good ol FB beef...
Have used and Helloslide and Knovio this past week.
Nice sites for narrating presentations in different ways.
Cool stuff!
That is sad, adorable and hilarious all at the same time.

Thank you Amanda!!!
I will be checking you out on FB.
Your support is so appreciated.
Looking forward to your music.
Got a Starbucks gift card at school.
Holla
Go Knicks!
Five in a row!
lol did I said yo name wrong ?
must find a restaraunt with an open patio.
pronto.
Back to Back 40 or Another 40 KOBE is serving notice!!!
Ranked 7th huh?
almost like childhoodtv teamlakers watching a Living Legend!
Actually me too.
It was prob the raw emotion RT Rodman's Hall of Fame Speech almost brought a tear to my eye!
Volunteering this morning with for
oh my, how are you only just going to bed, and I am already and you are 8hours ahead.
Either I am sad or you are uber cool.1st
On the orange trolley from Grossmont Center back to downtown.
everybody talks  everybody listens but somehow the truth still come up missing.
Top of the morning to each everyone mi good frens TGIF to you....
u do tho it was fire
the wife is watching glee.
my favorite part of every episode is the part right after the closing credits
vegan love to you !
how was I not following before now?
:P
The sooner we get to school, the sooner we graduate.
positiveattitude 
lol but true
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous moms!
:
Come visit out chiropractic Mecca for alternativemedicine in
lol no.
At home and sick.
It's Lunch Time!
Empanadas Tuna Melt on Croissant Chicken Tortilla Soup Italian Wedding Soup
Good for you!
:
I'll smile if you RT me :
ThoughtsDuringSchool everyone shutup or go to sleep.
IWebkit for mobile pages?
Take a look...
They are gorgeous flowers.
Love the colors.
Congrats!
I hope my mom loved her mothers day gift
FINALLY!!: RT Senate passes bill to ban all citizens over the age of 50 to be on the internet or call Tech Support.
More at 8.
doing your best is more important than being the best.
It may be a while man.
I'm in Texas.
Scream 1,2,3  4 make me pissed I have never been in a movie.
;
SpriteSlam george wins in the Dark
been soo busy.
client jen vernon's poem will be on prairie home companion on friday...
been plugging away!!
prairiehomecompanion.org
OH: Someone is listening to porn music.
ME: Queen is porn music?
I'm not there tomorrow.
doing tourist things w/ the bf, but was planning on posting in the morning.
you can post if it's easier?
Ok I'm back full affect had to take some time to get my life together now I'm stronger and wiser than B4!Gerelle Mckoys the name!
you donated it?
Good for you...we've got a beater I hope we can donate soon.
To them or goodwill.
I think and should do another stickam soon :
Bo: I'm just really proud of my guys.
John lucas is goin ham!

I am very sorry to hear: My Condolences and safe travels..
xoxo
someone said my follow button wasn't working...can you test it out??
Pretty please?
we're settled in with some after dinner lattes...
I promise you this, promise you that, whatever you want as long as i got it ain't no problem with that
Is there a chance the Celtics game will finish before the RedSox ?
in the 17th inning over at Fenway Park
Website has been back for a while, in case you are interested :
when are you coming to vero?
i bet you'll be eating these words in 24 hours :
Thanks to MKEfoodies2012 for an awesome Oysterfest event last night!
Loved it!
Just observed a conservator applying a mild enzymatic solution to a Leroy Flint mural.
What common fluid was that?
Seems COX has an unannounced outage affecting our phone lines.
Please email us at if you're still unable to reach us.
You found a new prom date in a matter of not even 24 hours...
either this tweet makes no sense or I'm too doctornk to understand it.
Lmao
I will put one up soon I promise just gotta lose a few more pounds :
RT : Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.
Norman B.
Rice
redness, bumps
322, walking dead marathon tonight you can come
299 credit repair special for the week only serious inquires email me Results first month or money back.
UNYAC SHOUT OUT!!
Go Scott!
I have so many f4f's in my mentions.
D:
if you released the Zvex Buttdial, it would sell.
.
...which is awkward, since longterm climate change will be quite bad for the economy.
I found a decapitated man under my desk...
Seattle has to be a heavy favorite in the suck for Luck campaign.
Happy Birthday, Lubbock time!
Muhahah :
yeah and red
And it is totally praise.
SausageFest!
Hungry Girl is definitely releaseworthy.
doctornking wit my man ;
tomorrow is friday the 13th...since im the unluckiest person alive...think of me tomorrow!
What, you mean the BBDO 'garden' isn't doing it for you?
People always said Marilyn's story was tragic.
And now, Smash is proving that right.
ha, no worries I'm flattered to be included.
Though I don't make hitlers requirements for high counsel...
I played mw3 all day today:
I just need to borrow it till mine comes in..
but halfcom shipper is taking their sweet time!
Thanks girl!
I stole your hashtag.
Feel free to call to yell at me.
Off work all day.
:
Your tweet about the mobiles, tech guys and such but no publishers.
Pls explain.
thx.
A Gracious Good Day to You :
I'm confused why everyone hates on Bob's burgers.
It's hilarious.
Where should I go in ft worth?
Is plax hurt the most by a shortened offseason?
Is there any way he gets in shape for the season?
Vick looked pretty slow his first year..
That's the thing it wasn't 'modern' per se, but tying heritage to Greek tradition made Russia more 'Western'  hence 'modern'.
doctorke claims to be one of the best Jews ''ALL TIME''.
Dude would even crack the top twenty.
I'll name some if you like.
no transfer yet!!
heard we missed a great hard fought game.
Good job guys!
DuB sTEp swag rannie style  ovenhotstudios sessions sessions and more sessions...
P.S.
Are you still getting spacey spaced at tonight?
why should that matter?You really believe innovation comes to a screeching hault because people aren't making millions?
When you fine men and women get 80 senators on board I'll buy you all a ham sandwich.
I had a doctoram that all my teeth fell out :
The same person who sweeps you off your feet, is in the perfect position to doctorp you on your ass.
and you are welcome egghead!
doctornkItUp: New Music: Brandy feat.
Chris Brown  quot;Put it Downquot;
Guns don't kill people, fathers with beautiful daughters do
how have you been, mary?
yep.
And Batman Begins was also a great movie.
Very long but great.
Christian Bale is such a badass Batman.
How did I go til now not knowing about the Burrito Juke Joint?
Chilling with bush and Shane.
Day ain't been to bad.
Miss my baby though!!
ig I'll go see my granny today .
i miss my mama ...
Im feeling a lil cause and effect today....
I've got to say no to the good so I can say yes to the best, Jesus Christ
Because Peach
The future is uncertain but the end is always near
yes sir!
Gypsy, aka Giuseppe Capolupo, will be playing an acoustic set at Kylestock this year!!!
School was cray.
Got sent to the guidence counseler because a dumb bitch.
Hitting the hay soon .
5 o'clock in the goddamne morning smh
Atleast people like my mom..
Your mom has been divorced like 4 times.
That should tell ya something..
It's so pretty outside in the morning 3

Big thanks and kudos to Zoosk for prompt attention and resolution to my recent fraud issue.
You guys rock!
Follow my main twitter
Watching community while at work
correct 5pm Austin time
I was going to go on a run, but I don't want to in the dark.
Job portals to focus on their mobile versions  Economic Times
Thanks for everyone that came out last night...cant wait for a crazy night  Relic 2nyt...
CCA meeting w/ state delegates 11/23, 7pm  UE Church  corner of Dillon St  East Ave.
Email q's for delegates to
haven't really looked yet.
I'm shoe'd up through the end of the year.
Military/Fire Red/ Bred 4s, bred 11s  CG 9s.
That's it
I can do that!
Hahahaha.
Illegal petes has great burritos
Try some beer at room temperature as opposed to cold.
You'll notice a big difference sometimes.
I am hereby muting all mentions of cabin, woods, and cabininthewoods.
If any of you spoil this movie for me, you will know my wrath.
Wtf just happened.?
Nobody knows!
The promotion site on my professorle can help your promote yourself 4 free.
: Please follow i will follow back!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
Look for updates on NGD and NecroGaming websites in January.
keep going!
And document it!
...because I made her read FUN HOME a few years back and she love it.
Despite the pain associated with rubber bands, I ate a delicious lunch and dinner today.
It's all about the little things in life.
SFAD  New blog story  The Weight of a Man...enjoy!
Having a bad memory really sucks when you have to learn a dance
It is 2010, Show season starts in just 4 weeks, get your booths today, they are going fast!!
www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
haha you printed it on red paper?
that sounds amazing!
If I save some money i might take you up on that offer!
How's the wedding planning coming?
So cool my sister loves to do nails Please get in touch
i know.
It's crazy..
hot soup alert!
soupoftheday at Rockefeller Center is now split pea w/ croutons
Happy first of the month!
I don't know that amazing is good enough to describe Melanie Amaro.
His stance is that the referent is in the song.
It looks like 'that' is in the chorus  it points to things in the verses.
have you smoked marijuana?
Niggas really think they be having an upper hand over females but in actuality we be having the upper hand over they dumb asses
Thanks for clarifying
Being sick sucks...
Being sick with ur baby at home even worse.
I so want to knock myself out with a hot tahty...
I really want to see the movie cyberbully
I'm sayin!
LOL We're working on that!
;
you go boo!
Great time at the Critter  Guitari party at Cristin Tierney last night!
Plus I got to chat with Alois Kronschlaege.
I turned my TV off after the infante hit.
UGH.
Smithsonian magazine names Staunton one of nation39;s 20 best
I've hated them since the days of Danny Ferry.....
doctornk one for me!
So much on my mind.
That's awesome Angela!
I'm happy for you :
You're welcome!
What have you been up to?
What store has the Kardashian clothing line at?
I always forget when I think about it..
Please Reply!
I Been Working On Ma Mixtape Just Going Crazy!!
i don't know what to write for my personal essay.
my life isn't that interesting.
and danica didn't hit nothing, so I guess she had a good night too lol : btw, happy mothers day :
Which shows on FOX do you watch with your kids?
i've never twittered so much in my life
Ronald Jenkees would be in that list but he's not house
Pork industry given chop by High Court decision
A couple of my followers can get it lol
sts134 nasatweetup tweeps' attitude  gratitude, despite not seeing a launch, is so uplifting  refreshing!
Thx.
damn BMS got a weight limit?
All these big ass lineman!
You know Big Ben smiling like crazy
The new baby girl is due Sept.
26th  we're hoping it's sooner than that though!
Rip dick Clark.....
New years eve will never be the same!!
aw.
I don't like that!
hope tonight is better than today.
got some chatty cathys at my table neotech2012 i guess thats ok in this learning space ; lol
Uh...how about thanking the high school football team????!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Also, I now have stars on my name badge.
Either means 'I'm on the planning cmte' or 'I know EVERYTHING so ask me'.
Just modified my email server settings so incoming messages from India are rejected  700 emails received since late March  all spam.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
Dalai Lama
go ahead ima real G
6 o clock i might come
Oxford Circus in london..
Grove st in JC!
Why is it that every time someone is picking me up from the Beaverton Transit Center, I'm always stuck here for almost an hour?
Thank you for thanking me!
Have a happy day, Jehanne!
Ubersocial look so cute on my phone w/ my cupcake theme.
So stoked to get my new camera in the morning!
:
My new favorite weight machine  on name alone  the preacher curl.
Name the muscle group it works and get a free Express Massage.
The campus uses approx 220 mil gal of water annually.
About 17 is harvested.
Come visit  well show you how!
Facebook says 13, but that is young.
At that age, heavy parent involvement is key.
getting ready for our new south florida alert update today!
www.southfloridaalerts.com
so why haven't we won one yet?
Discover the power within yourself
recently got a copy on vinyl...yeah, that's gonna go nice with coffee this morning.
good call.
No problem
u gonna go to the wp meeting at 1  talk some shop later?
i put the autocall tree for that npo in the admin bar...
man i love 3.3
I love my Blackberry Playbook.
If you use a Blackberry, you have to get a Playbook as well.
Have them participate too!:
awww sorry to hear that.
I hope you feel better: wha are your syptoms?
Got to use my begining spanish w a patient's husband this am, was able to understand but too intimidated to reply.
Fun!
listening to someone edit audio over and over again can only be made more enjoyable when the volume is cranked all the way up.
He's 2 good 2 b tru:I don't want 2 let anything affect me or this team.
We need 2 stick 2gether, put our egos aside.
on
lol i know
Follow back please :
Netflix Instant now has Sweet Land, a really wonderful film.
Check it out.
I'll get back to work on Lucifer, and The Garden of Evil then..wish me luck
I have a hard time saying the word jewelry out loud.
Thanks Loree.
It isn't all the time but on those bad days it's a nightmare.
giggle playing patty cakes with me
Like serious doe.
Austin's tweets are starting to get annoying.
I am absolutely LOVING what I hear so far :
Lavin: Hey, did you guys come together?
If not, do you want to?
Haha!!
very special FF to WE LOVE HER!!!
hahahaha I died when I read this, who says I'm gay ??
however we can be bf :
That is so cute!Good work girl lol forreal I like wat u did with the bangs  the back looks like a flower!
it's cute lol
'Smash' was entertaining; I think it'll be fun.
so it's fun, huh?
GRAND OPENING of ROYALE tomorrow night  Dont miss the premiere of the venue thats raising the bar in Boston  279 Tremont Street 
Cool!
I'm sure you impressed them.
Cute guys makes you crazy, Hot guys makes you doctorol, Cool guys makes you daydoctoram BUT Funny guys makes you fall in Love without you knowing.
I needed to hear that this morning.
Thank you!!!
RT: : Other people don't get to decide what you're worth.
You do.
What a beautiful day : with johanna 3
you are too sweet;0 thanks
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes.
I know it's da bomb diggity!
Delirium is a little boring.
I kinda wanna quit.
Anyone read it and recommend continuing?
RT :  : Activists hope to use YouTube videos as evidence to hold the regime accountable
More of your favorite things....
unless your favorie things are things like whiskers on kittens.
aw thanks : my aunts just sent them too me so I was really excited!
I need more followers
Wealth has wings.
Sophocles
done with school.
for a month.
time to be reclusive and read neitzsche in my room.
I want an odd future shirt
you didn't swoon to 'swear it again' as a kid?
The dead have nothing to say to us.
sustainatopia conference  Launch of Open Source Capitalism with Dan Schmitt  Angela O'Connor.
Ever heard of this?
Or better yet , a chamoyada instead 
God morning!
Working at the lovely today!
Then I was thinking maybe a massage....
Any therapist you suggest?
YOU MUST BE FRIENDS WITH Dave Miera AND Knuxx Brand ON FB AND LIKE BOTH KNUXX PAGES: Knuxx of New Mexico, Knuxx, LLC...
why dont people like you i absolutely adore you.
sigh i hope i get to meet you someday.
:
Ok did i really just see a cop with stuff animals in the back window of the police car....lmao...wow...who does that???
: SanDiegoIndieFest Wildly diverse  exciting independent Music, Film, Art, Business  Ideas all day long thanks!
lmao who are you?
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required PurchaseCashOut Commercial or Residential Investment Milton A.
Zaiontz I 2107443030
I just rated you on Zillow as well...
5 Stars of course.
Alan Belcher Woo!!!!
Any one want to come to Success In the City with me today?!
It's sponsored by !
Whole foods/Trader Joe's.
We sold 176 Groupons!
Welcome to our new members!
And of course  thank you for your continued support to all our members.
is taking me to for my birthday!
Nice that Madison schedules Restaurant Week to coincide with my bday :P
You're an Angel he would say MERRITTRICHARDSONLIVESFOREVER R.I.P
Wishing everyone the best of luck  a great time at AIMIA!
Muahaha.
Just mass email my girlfrans for a ladies night.
Friday?
Anyone?
there u go why she went back there for it's hard there for cash and a lot of shit went down there nie
This is coming very soon....
get ready to save folks.
Who needs burgers?
Head to for a quick lunch with healthy options that'll satisfy but never make you feel gross and heavy.
The past gives motivations and ways to improve in the present and the future, being the ultimate destination, guides our present trajectory.
Yoohoo!
I'm ready for battle.
Flappers 9:30p.
I need to find my Rainbows.
Lost without them in this heat wave.
Our pleasure Debra.
Your post was interesting to us and informative to our small business audience.
Nice to meet you!
nah them numbers by themselves gettin him to the hall of fame
im getting this weight off pretty good, cant wait to weighin and fight already
Don't like idea of raising dead musicians via hologram  touring them.
Remember them thru their music, sure.
Put words in their mouths?
No
Like you have room to talk.
Super bumpy getting around Mt Rainier, but otherwise a safe flight from TriCities to Seattle.
Beautiful snow all around!
Upsetting: it has now been one week since Grandview has been unsearchable in the Mac App Store.
Yet to hear an apology from Apple.
omg we need to ASAP
Time for treat and to catch up on from last night
hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook at
My ankle hurts..
I twisted it running weirdly to my grandmas and when I was at Sarahs :
tweet me for a new follower :
Turf toe used to be a popular injury
So when do we start the lessons, because seriously, my dancing sucks.
:
I don't know everything can't everything, but i know something about some things.
it shows off how great Windows 8 is going to be ;
you are lookin' amazingly fit Team Reshape is proud of you!
Keep up the good work :
Dont feel good today :
Two Fiddy Tuesday!
Qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef 2.50.
Also Hungarian Sausage from Old Country
and all of the sudden in runnin' like.
oh, im in love!
oh, im in love!
oh, im in love!
i'm runnin' like...
i'm in love...
Conrad should have bunted.
One of those days
Okay I need to workout.
When Tyrese comes on my iTunes  IDK why these songs are on here
Accept responsibility for your life.
Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Hi Lisa.
It was nice meeting you at yesterday's smckc Happy Hour!
I'm looking forward to attending more meetings.
haha I know right.
My dog beat me to seeing Europe lol
My mom is graduating tomorrow , I'm so proud of her
Thanks for the shoutout!
RT : Shoutouts to in: Libraries as Linchpins ...
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm for Monday Night Lives 4TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION with guest performers and !
tweeting from my TV.
Kind of cool.
S/O MY BRO misterATS HE STAY FRESH HAHAA
15 Minutes until it's our time.
2012 Go Royals.
I hate when you see a really cute kid then your mom ruins it by saying thats your cousin FML now i have to go die :
I have a hiking pack with water and a flask.
I'm set for survival.
Basketball in Latvia!!!
Oovoo soon with my main 3
Last six weeks of school starts tomorrow!
Hallelujah!
I love that shot last night that broke the strap on Rimmer's helmet.
Awesome, hard shot!
Great job in Round 3!!
I've missed my best friend too!
I'll be there!
Susan is a favorite friend of mine!!!
Look forward to meeting you :
As we grow and change sometimes things we've experienced before take on new meaning
ok i hear ya loud an clear lol
Hey sexy ;
Isn't it great!
so nice and wide open, with windows!
Today I have to get my eyebrows and oil change.
Plus I have to mail off some things and call a man about a cow.
Just witnessed the best golf shot I've ever seen
Chocolate, wine, movies and bed with my kids.
What an amazing night
stop by Lambert's at 10!
We listen to you all the time on tour, can't wait for the Interruption tomorrow!
I'm thinking of throwing a party in my entire apartment complex :o 4 beer pong tables, 2 flip cup tables.
Fridge full of beer.
Hm.
Know The Difference Between A Man Who FLATTERS And A Man Who COMPLIMENTS.
A Man Who SPENDS MONEY And A Man Who INVESTS.
this weekend will be the first time in Vegas on fight week.
what do I have to do for good seats at the weigh in?
do u like horror movies?
:
hey G!
What's cracking Gizzle????
How's everything????
I'm done being nice.
I'm just going to be mean all the time and make faces like this.
;x
Pulling some amazing pieces from Ellie La Velle today!
Girls never suggests that a smoothly pleasant sex life is something worthy of serious aspiration
Walk Walk Fashion Baby...
Tune in to w.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest!
I couldn't figure out where they were coming from.
Was it because they watched too much TV, or not enough?
the wolfpack will be out tonight.
come find us.
we'll be in a historic building off marietta.
W00t!!
There goes my Audible credit!
: The Goliath audiobook, read by , just appeared on the iTunes store!
Lol I'm way too hype for a Monday night.
We out here like its a Friday night.
Oo
Yep, would be great to catchup.
The losers in history never seek peace on just terms  consequently perish by the greediness of their own souls!

That's a good point!
:
MT : enjoying 's talk on data meets promotion, featuring the algorithm of starlings  Mundoctorku counting system!...
Strong picks!
Let's have a virtual viewing party if they make it :
you are very kind, but It was just a RT Duck Dunn was on of THE finest bass players.
He played with the best of 'em!
I don't think Kanye has ever killed anything but beats.
His lyrics are weak
Finished the base coat painting on the set of Knock.
Now off to Ohio!
JO
Dear Jesus, comfort little Hope right now.
We trust you  know u r in control.
Give rest  peace to  Thank U!
Aww : thx lady!!
RT : lmbo really really.
Dope color effect and your eyes look amazing.
Or devil for retweets RT : You negros would steal a quote from Jesus.
Smh.
One place I still need to hit up, being part francophile I'm a Le Panier fan.
I've been going old school and listening to system of a down all day yesterday, and I'll probably repeat today
Got a real threeway political tryst in Britain with resurgent Lib Dems potentially hanging parliament.
Could be exciting two weeks there.
It really doesn't matter if Walker tells the truth.
Repetition makes things true, and he has the  to repeat himself as much as necessary.
The word is out of the tomb.
Christ Jesus has done what he said He would do.
He is Risen!
.......He has Risen Indeed!!!
thank you, Ryan!!
You are so sweet!
Cameron Diaz s New Look: Yay or Nay?
What better way to kick off 2012 than with a new look?
Cameron Diaz showed off her femini
1 of my goals in life is 2 spotlight the different.
New condiments on the same saltine won't make crackers new.
TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT!
Unbelievable  these are not my Cats!
Get in the game and shut down these thugs
can't argue with that
smiling burger championship is shaping up in playa de carmen....i'm the fry boy
mix just noticed that on the dotd poster, the music is credited to the goblins.
Whoops.
I'll try tomorrow, I have to go to sleep, plus school work nonstop!
Thanks again Hun 3 :
great tune, some of the best lyrics ever.
Playoff hockey and Frozen Planet is a great combo
in my personal opinion, on most songs, my favorite part is always the bridge.
This guy luca turchetti sucks balls what a dick he's only 16 and iam 18 looks at the difference what a pussy
Beautiful day in Seattle!
Setting up the patio seating...
grayco.com/events has an up to date list of events.
As new events are added, this page will be updated.
already got it
NASCAR should tread carefully regarding and inrace tweets.
A wreck caused by tweeting would cause serious brand damage.
I'm blessed to have such amazing friends.
Photoshoot at Aquiyl Studios in Downtown, LA is about to commence
I want to express my appreciation to those of you who have shared so much.
Once in a while a smile or laugh means a lot.
Thanks and cheers!
all is forgiven.
did you bring pie?
Kevin Connelly, formerly of Seyfarth Shaw, and Eric Marcotte, formerly of Winston  Strawn, joined the D.C.
office of Vedder Price.
I hate you.
I hate you SO much
Monongahela...feature length film in pre production scheduled to shoot over next three months in
Come into our Maple Rd.
Store in Williamsville NY to check out our grills !
Damn I love mister.
wrong..
you are correct!
Via your text :P
wats good on ya end tho
would be a great trifecter!!
Thanks Phil!
Now we're moving to looking at images to come up with a new idea about the Abundance of COS.
I'll post some here.
Baby slob ughh
tore up chitown last night
71169: your just gorgeous k?
swag!
follow me!
at least this is my fault ...I just forgot .
My bf and I are placing bets on who wins!
2: takes 10 days to process 90day Rx request when I have less than 10 days left yet I'll be charged double if I don't switch to 90day.
Wait, does that make sense?
lol
I wonder if cabin in the woods is still in theaters.
Too lazy to check.
u making it into work already?
I gotta run out so be there in 20
It seems like the moment when you try to forget something itss exactly when you remember it.
awesome.
start savin..
haha even got cowboys stadium here..
:
you said coons age...
i though only i said that.....
didwejustbecomebestfriends?
lol!
U know it baby!
Seattle Music History Tour Part 2: Pearl Jam HQ
core leaders: purchasing 2 flat panel LCDs for education team.
Lol naw I swear people would respect you more.
Nate, I'm going to come over there and beat you with a stick, my friend.
That's not a field trip, that's indoctrination.
Funniest line of 2011: Gentlemen, thank you for joining me in the doctor Pepper Flavor Zone.
I am not liking the new twitter at all..it keeps unfollowing people that i know grrr
did my music homework, now packing up and heading out of the city to enjoy the weekend in the mountains.
stoked!
You are a better man than I.
I was purposely looking slutty  riding that bull at Saddle Ranch.
Please don't tell anyone.
love you to!!!
Thanks for listening to me vent today ;p
Grandma is in the hospital.
:
I still love my !!!
At least Eli is from nola!!!
Next year at home in the dome!!!
Are there any Valentine's themed treats?
Hoop for Hope just canceled by the charity Sunday at last minute.
Ball for Real Streetball Team noshowed.
?'s www.g3trinity.com
Tiger could do it.
watching this is about as much fun as im capable of having.
Cmon tiger!
glad to be back in RI with my boy Dave!
keep in touch
Welcome to Albuquerque.
We love our green chile!
Enjoy!
or maybe
Hello People i hate the sping im sick
What ever happened to I miss him!
We were supposed to go to Blink together but THT never happened
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
c:
I need a good smack in the mouth.
Parkers mom: time to go to bed its 9pm Parker: YOLO motherfocka I'm a rapper His mom: YODO...you only die once
Robbins Bros is advertising 24 month financing for engagement rings, because nothing says I love you like 2 years of debt.
lol i get on and i had pictures of feet in my face lol was gross
Paul revere
what song?
Loving the snow here in NYC  going offline and getting into the last third of 1Q84  enjoy your day, wherever you are!
don't be sad about D Rose, remember when we beat the heat by 20 w/o him?
Plus, U in Disney World!!!
Should I revive my Hunter S.
Thompson costume for one night only at edc?
I kind of have to, don't I?
One of life's most precious blessings for a daughter is an ever sweeter, more understanding relationship w/her mother.
Love you Lestelle
The real man that gets me will be a lucky mf!!!
I'm coming home for the summer on Thursday
Let's hope Garcia and Sabathia can do their job :
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
slides down door please tell me it's mine and not his.
Please.
We haven't been together ...
did you get the unusual amount of traffic message too?
shoutout to the women who would make great parents but dont have any
Congratulations to NORA BROWN!
The new executive director of the Rochester/Finger Lakes Film and Video Office!!
likes her new haircut...even if it is shorter than she wanted.
I know, right?
State police say 5 yea rold child kidnapped from St.
Louis child found in Alsip.
peach tea with peach shnapps.
M
Iusedtothink I was one of the hottest girls in the world...when I was going through puberty.
Open ALL Labor Day Weekday!
Sandburg GRIND BOLD is Breakfast Blend
: A homeless man just told me he'd follow me anywhere...
WHAT THE HELL hahaha Ooo
wow noones on twitter
Why were Bush/Newt always bragging about Clinton's 236 billion dollar budget surplus?
A biz that supports do or say anything for ratings will do or say anything for professort.
Welcome!
We're here.
RT : Going to the 12th Annual pathstopartnership, will you be there?
No, thank you!
Tell your friends about us!
I'm getting excited for wrestlmania, espeically HITC, I'm a big H fan
did you not like my name for your cellular device?
:,
Is having way to much fun on Twitter doesn't he need to sleep?
:
We need some female models for a spring summer photoshoot.
Who's interested?
Add iceroadtruckers as, yet, another reality show I'll have to sit through.
I'm good at multitasking, I watch tv, talk to my friends, and tweet on twitter all in the same time...
sorry didn't mean to send twice
Hey you!
Yes you, the one reading this tweet.
No one can replace that amazing smile or laugh or yours.
:
Oh jeez really!?
She should hide a recorder somewhere.
:
: I don't like being led on, lied to or confused.
None of that, just tell me how it is from the beginning.
Be Real.
I could use some riot shield assistance...
book signing!
Bn are giving out wristbands may 23 at 6am only 500 first come first serve!
for those of you wondering why I have two Twitter professorles, I managed to type my email addoctorss wrong and mistyped the password.
Congrats on your retirement!
Happy Belated Bday!
Hope you did a thousand good things for yourself
I can't handle watching my husband cry.
I am the same way!
I just got access to Camtasia Relay through our IT people, and I got REALLY excited.
Nerddom personified.
I have read 3 times today that the Great Recession is over.
WTF?!?!
Where, exactly, is it over....and, if so, what does that mean?
Thanks for sharing our content and including it in your newsletter.
There's the tornado emergency.
sick feeling.
Interesting!
Thanks!
So, ISBN logic is by file type you deliver to vendor vs file type/platform vendor delivers to customer?
Auditioning in Hollywood today
: Bobcats  Raider Rash this nigga
Today in 1997, Pete Seeger wins a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album of 1996 for his album 'Pete,' on the Living Music label.
are you still in cincinnati?
why have you been missing?
Familiar faces, worn out places.
Can't wait until my traveling kicks up again...
u funny
Good morning, a little late getting up
YES!
SHARK WEEK soon :D :D :D :D
If I could have anything, I'd put it on everything that it would be you 
that's strange.
I deleted and reinstalled the update and it's working well.
Let me investigate and get back to you.
I am working on a US PhD, but I am nostalgic for justsitdownandwritethedamnbook 3year Australian model.
Tomorrow morning at 8:20 is at it again on talking BestRestos, , 
Who let this feeling die?
I can't get you out of my head.
You're the flame that burns me so I know I'm still alive.
You're such a hypocrite
Come on NFL!
i know it hhas been awhile, how are you guys?
Thanks!!!
It's good to know what's going on.
WHO EVER IS GOING TO WATCH SHARK NIGHT 3D SEPT 2ND DONT LEAVE CUZ AFTER THE CREDITS THERE WILL BE A SURPRISE
Thanks for following!
Hows your week going?!
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow  a plan for every tomorrow
I've always loved Lou Gehrig's Nickname The Iron Horse!
So many great
Everyone needs to start cozying up to the fact that there is not going to be football next season...
talk on here babes phone is being weird hehe x
I think there is a little devil in this martini.
Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life.
E.B.
White
Jamming to Closer by Kylie Minogue
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 67
whinealert...
I want to run.
This no running allowed is bs!
Lmao!
AMC only bruh RT : Can I be a thug and go to Tinseltown movie theater or do I have to go to Regency AMC
Can't wait till tomorrow!
Going to watch Legacy fights with the Team!
My boy JT gonna go HAM on niggas
Thanks for the RTs and
bless you
It's for a religion project for school
Blowin loud and kicking clouds wit  my lady
Watching coyote ugly!
And before I forget: HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!!!!!!
Having a blast editing for the next artist professorle of my web series On Blind Faith!
if I wasn't sick I would come ;
Get ready to let the pigeons loose.
If Rick Perry becomes President we may all literally die laughing.
I got Honey some pink sapphire earrings and I got my mom some peridots.
You can never go wrong with simple studs
Bye Bye Nadal
o Love it!
Thanks.
Just checked it out.
Those totes are too cute.
yo can ubresend those beats to my other email thanks fam
yeah but its still very dead the sound gets lost its the way they built the damn thing
Indeed, she is.
Oh, is that the day tripped and fell on her way over to your talk??
Stories are colliding!
gosh where are people gonna go next!?
tumblr??
plzzz go back to facebook :
Designer to follow: Very inspiring.
Very strict themselves, so you can't just up and ask them something like that, to skip a test that determines your final grade for the...
Yes, that's what I like to see!
: : Rocking my shirt today!
Can't go wrong with Wiz of Oz jokes With the cast of waiting for guffman  My favorite two movies ever  missouri kansas love xo
Blazer fan for 38 years married for 25 I am not naive about anything except who I follow apparently Kobe is a bad human period
Commenting on Ohio Universities' move to block all P2P traffic.
Questionable.
looking up tweets on project muse
People talk whether you do bad or good.
Yeah I did some things but that's the old me.
those who tweet about sex obviously dont get it.
ha
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to doctorve.
Bulls gameday ...
currently on my grind ...
this glee episode has me bawling
: Thank you for the retweet!
The only way to know how far you can go, is to keep going!Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity
you are so pretty!!!
the day that you find me up and running
I look forward to it!!
A2: To get noticed, previous experience.
Hard to prove ability and skills on the resume
Finally catching up on grey's!
love the new pic!
If only I had a Betty Paige 'do, I would love to join your crew :
Oh it's a movie!
I thought you had pics of my crazy weekend!
I miss you3
Food coma.
Itz can be naptime?
:P

You niggas need to get a clue.
what did I win??
its too Damn cold out here anyway!!!
No Cliff Jumping!!
April 30 Photo Brief: Sudan conflict, doctorg addiction, poledancing at ...
Ladies..
There is no excuse for peeing on the toilet seat.
Sit and stay for a bit.
is that bad?
I am I have one some music contest around her performing
Yay!
Which ones?
But might well equal: emotional arguments carry more weight  easier for right to remember.
Joe at the risk of sounding NOSEY, what IS your secret to a great marriage.
DO TELL, :PLEASE!
:
Afro circus.
Afro circus.
Polka dot, polka dot.
Afro.
No skiing today, decided to be useless instead.
Living like a king; a very lazy, unproductive king.
Looking at their remaining schedule, can anyone defeat the Green Bay Packers?
Or are we looking at the 2nd team in NFL history to go 160?
Very nice job in that Call of Duty commercial.
Best supporting ad performance by a jock in 2011.
I figured that now is a good time to back up my writing.
Maybe you should too.
I always give people my weird face and flare my nostrils...
Hahahaha
Can't wait to read your tweets
For everyone who was saying wonderful things about him.
RT : Wideman on for all seven Bruins' 5v5 goals this series.
All seven.
Great way 2 prepare 4 weekend?!
EXTENdoctorSTORE 2night Beverly Hills.
Melt the week's tension away and rejuvenate yourself!!
Me too!
Or four!
it's because I'm awesome ; well maybe I can come visit!
I've been dying to explore LA!
Your new project looks amazing!
sammys was shut down by police last night
haha yup a freshmen   what do you mean wasn't that bad ?
I'm not done yet x lol.
And there goes October
Putting the needs of others before yours can make a big difference in Social Media.
Learn to give first.
Uprising: Hip Hop  LA Riots!!
RT : Still...we wanted to do a study involving us eating snow and were told no because the IRB was not cool with it.
Thanks will do.
It's amazing how this field has exploded.
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat.
Plato
definitely different!
No matter what they say, don't believe a word.
Cause I'll keep singing this lie if you'll keep believing it.
Thank YOU!
Awesome presentation!
I need a man to be all mine
Hey YOU should follow with every account you have because YOLO!
;
Super super excited about So Percussion at tonight.
NO U DUMMIE I WILL KILL U!
cus im a ninja and im awsome!
Birds singin' in the sycamore tree doctoram a little doctoram of me.
Warm out in bmore...i see man taking off their tees but a woman can not ,so us woman has to suffer
Hey!
What's up?
you too!!
awesome!
I fell short.
Just leaving the studio another track in the books!
Set your calendars for CSImilwaukee.
On Saturday August 20th, Water Street will be hosting a clue based mystery game.
Yay!
Thanks for the compliment, Courtney!
It just flows from within :D
28 days til the warm sandy beaches of Belize!!
Can not wait!
Haha sounds so easy when you put it that way!
Just like a tatoo, i'll always have you
Sitting in the editing bay building 3D graphics for an upcoming project.
did u notice Emily Pilloton talking about creating a space for possibilities love that frame, not far afield from
If you want it you must will, once you will it, it's yours!
My dogs thing is treats....
Of all kinds!!!
lol
I am mixed.
I take pride in it b/c I feel that it all makes  influences who I am.
u do logos?
PREACH!
RT : you need to be on American Idol  cause these bitches suck.
It's Thursday again, which means we are having our 7 pm Bounty Tournament.
140 buy in.
See you there!
you just scared me into amending my comment
Looking for a local videographer to help me with a making of project, 5 min film.
Any recommendations?
Dylan's Blood on the Tracks is one of those rare albums where every song is good from beginning to end.
What are others?
Luuucroy!
Yoooo!
TPlush!
Isikawa!
Now, that's what I'm talking about!
Green River Ordinance concert tomorrow!
toohype 
Hitting Transformers again.
Clearly, I'm addicted to thrill rides.
: The way it looks when you get your eyebrows threaded  the way it feels the feeling hurts.
Golly I miss playing Buck Hunter with my DC posse!
Bring on
ff SMart.
Shop Smart.
Shop SMart.
sponsored
guess I meant adorable and yes we totally have one direction infection!
So glad not many girls at our school like them
High traffic has become an issue today.
Working with our website host now to resolve the issue.
We hope to have it fixed shortly!
Successful dissertation defense.
Now on to prep for tomorrow's course and read student work ahead of tomorrow's meetings.
Hello!
I'm doing great.
I've been a bit busy with work, so I haven't tweet as often.
: How have you been?
The bad  that time you tripped, the jokes at your expense, the flat tires, anger, jealousy, backstabbing  every good  perfect gift.
??
i actually think Jeremy is awesome and he doesnt ruin anything :
Thanks all for coming out to see Petting Zoo at the Up the Creek Festival!
Cocaqueina is Spanish for cocaine.
Tera needs to show me next.
If only it were always that easy to be a hero!
:
I know.
It doesn't matter its just preseason 
yankees are on fox
Been reading ifunny for 3 hours straight!
MidJune, look out for the new mixtape: Daydoctorams  Nightmares.
Info about the release party coming soon.
you're watching sponge bob too?!
im gunna write a story.
what shoud it be about?
briana
I 3 the intersection of needy and unskilled.
It's the best way to live in a bleep
Guys frustrate me sometimes...
Bitches be coming off on some hoe shit and they wonder why they cant find a real nigga...
If I don't get Joanie out of this Apple store it will cost me a fortune because I keep seeing things to buy.
there are some key points in the branding article.
I definitely like that.
idk he might be he might not and i dont wanna have a bunch of people bothering him....
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event.
You don't fail overnight.
Failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day.
Jim Rohn
LAST DAY OF EARLY VOTING!!!
MAKE YOUR VOTE COUNT AND VOTE BO TODAY!!!
When it comes to food I'm a fatty
we are in dallas  the prophet
came to my school yesterday...
It was a party.
Follow If you live in the city, or you from the city, show Detroit some love.
I'm deciding where to volunteer.
:
Get ready for the FAI12 Welcoming Reception, happening on the 2nd floor at 5pm!
Music by James McMurtry!
When people from your past try to get in your future 
how far do you think you'd make it in the hunger games?
Meet some cool people tonight....
You know who you are.......
Good morning, happy Tuesday!
Defending champ Dallas Mavericks in trouble
on big election nights like tonight...
I really miss
It's always a great day when I wear my Marc Anthony doctorss socks!
Follow me?
dfd
50 off on a selected wine list tonight at BiCE San Diego .
Call for Reservation at 6192392423 !!
go to redkey veterinary.
A little more reasonable.
The price u said is about right though!!
Lmao Kara just doctorpped her iPod in her face and bruised her eye
email info to and we'll pass it to our CEO to consider.
Thanks.
Santiago, Flow is like Snake, right?
We just take old ideas and remix them.
Your very welcome!
Thank you for the follow as well.
Have a wonderful New Year!
I need weed foe tomorrow......
Dam where the weed man at
Meant to say...a shame you and didn't make it to BCNI.
Was excited to see you two on the list!
RT : Paradigm shift: go see the muppets and then immediately see police charge a corner guns out from 10 feet away.
who knows where I can find a car for 1000 to 1500....
did you try gatorade?
That works for me sometimes
If anyone else is coming to Thompson today and can swing by my place.
It'd be greatly appreciated
Thanks for the note!
we have never felt so much love.
Thank you for blessing us charlotte.
It was inspiring.
I pull up to the light....they already choosin.
OMG....OMG....What have you done...is that what you were looking for?
Not :
THOSE PERFORMANCES WERE DOPE!!!
Thanks for coming in while flying to BWI!
Welcome back to the US!
sweet doctorams everyone...
HE GONE ALWAYS BE MY BAE...
TEARS
Your work inspires us too.
Thanks for the mentions!
....and the Bears screw up EVERY mock doctorft.
Imagine that.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
PR move or not, it truly is an incredible gesture!
Enjoying this game
awe you're welcome!
You are the pawesomest ever from pawfiniti  beyond!
:
...Morrissey.
Julian Casablancas.
James Brown.
Peter Doherty.
Glasvegas.
The Stone Roses.
Oasis.
Joy Division.
T Rex.
Little Richard...
Holding on to something really hurts at the end:
I now have many clouds.
Perhaps too many.
A meta cloud management app seems to be in order.
WHAT is a dm?
hahah i actually do not know.
Welcome also to fellow Hospices  and
Action on tonights games posted from 141 cappers today with 4 college and 1 NHL consensus plays from their coin flips
Sometimes I feel like I have no emotions :o
Sitting down to watch a movie with the fam captain America.
Had a fun time today window shopping with my wife :
Damn it feels good to be a gangster...
What a beautiful day to end a very busy week!
Kudos Tommy Awards, NYTB DLounge, and my very talented friends all over!
just set up on Brady across from Crisp :...stop on by :
Love that!
RT : The mind once stretched by an empowering idea, can never fully shrink to its original dimensionO.W.
Holmes
cause I told my mom I wasn't watching my little brother after this weekend
Bring your recyclables to The Paramount on July 17, 8am3pm check our website calendar for details!
No Tires or Furniture, check our list!
has a doorhanger ever actually influenced someone's vote?
I already filled in my ballot this morning.
No worries, I have a breakfast meeting at 8, then free after that.
Need 2 talk 2 u about new music for kids program 4 Chi.
Indie ArtHouse will be open for First Friday May 6th, Grand Ave next to Bikini
Tweet tweet.
let's work on making you full time and eventually partner.
New tiny wings high score 332,316 BOO YA
JetsSteelers GAMETIME
What?!
Im texting Tyler RT : I can't believe my little brother got a cell phone, that's so awkward.
get with it, son!
Its called sunscreen!
More Tasting Brooklyn love for
If A Bitch Can't Say It Out Loud, Then They Shouldn't Be Saying Anything.

DEFCON: unmarked barcodes on the walls, if you scan it you get warning not to scan unknown codes, possible viruses.
Clever.
This movie is a flute!!!
True.
It's a bit disturbing.
But at least the humans would be considered freerange.
when d next time y'all Goin?
so.......viddy is my new favorite thing.
:
great tweet..
stole it, thanks!
.
People who LIVE in DC have NO voting representation in Congress.
The idiots others send here r the problem.
: Rondo gone b the best PG when he learn how to shoot !!!!!
Everything is fine.
KEEP SHOPPING
Let's go Coyotes!
Ginger Snapz session on race and burlesque was awesome  best thing since topless ladies!
Do rondo kno I'm wifey hell yeah fool CelticsNationBitch 
there are criminals selling my music through known distributor and the law has done nothing.
Ouch.
That is a blow.
How long on recovery?
That's a pretty serious injury.
Not smart playing basketball in the offseason.
ha yeah only a short time longer before I can stop using it as a cover ;
Sweet!!!!!!
pumped....hahahah....ima fall on my ass
It's nice n toasty at the far bar.
Heaters on full.
Come on out.
Judgement is the nature of religion.
It's purpose is to condemn and divide.
Of course Christ wasn't like that but...
I like how the standards have diminished just slightly from hot, scruffy pilot to hot, scruffy student.
Newsday said Bitter Lemon Press offers virtual travelogue of world with bracing mysteries from Germany, Argentina  latest Turkey Try one!
Coming soon: Sumatra, another Brazil, Guatemala, and a French Roast blend for everyone who likes it dark!
Waka flocka got alot of balls dissin on tupac  he said he hated the hologram  he has no swag !
This nigga is nuts
did you atleast put some old bay on them before you ate them...
Sangita: civic learning is blended via org structure.
chapters are f2f yet national umbrellas are largely virtual
Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single.
Philly: I am in you
GET EXCITED!
SHOUTOUT My new followers I'm following back.
TY 4 follow: Hope u enjoy our tweets!
I don't even know why I have a phone, no one ever texts me.
It all comes back to educating the coaches no matter the age of the child.
Their students have the most to loose.
Today is Valentine's Day.
Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.
Jay Leno
heh.
And my last tweet was about Santa Claus.
oy.
Life, she marches on, eh?
I'm surprised his lips didn't get in the way!!
Lol!
You too?
Hope it passes soon.
:/
Hello and thanks to our new followers from CASA during
I hate this part right here:
also, pollen is terrible in cities because of singlesex tree planting
Bye OU!
Hello summer!
:
thanks for your help!
Exactly!
But with less offensive firepower unfortunately
Is your Motherinlaw abusive?
Well Kiss and IM has a group for you just for that topic amongst many many other groups!!
www.kissandim.com
yah I thought you died?
Watching the Giants stroking the Lombardi trophy is more awkward than watching the Kraft family exchange high fives...
feelin lik shit cant wait to lay in my bed fuck car rides
My life is yours alone, the only love I've ever known...
bro go doctornk some oj always make me betta or some passion tea
Hey Golfers!
We have 7 Courses set to open Sat at 8am!
Currie, Grant, Greenfield, Hansen, Lincoln, Oakwood and Whitnall.
FORE!
Just heard my son say those hot wings are burning my butt...they gave me a ringoffire
sleep time noooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Woodburn police: woodburn hs fire is now controlled.
Crews still on scene.
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on.
May your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on.
still got me sayin PIVIFF.
You and Brandy Harvey need to be impromptu hosting again ;
I'm wearing burnt orange.
Not going to make the same mistake I made last week!
Thanks for the follow!
You sounds like our kind of tweeter!
Thanks for the retweet!
Blessings on you today!
People from Salem reppin at the college battle!
Haha makes me feel at home.
Marty, beast mode!
RT : If you search the hashtag bfcafe and use it in your tweets you can join our chat!
:
We all know the Bucks are coming for that number one spot next session.
u're always say never say never..
Last day to get your California Natural Pet on Sale!!!
We close at 7pm
Missed a very important call earlier not happy right now.
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to some of your work.
i actually miss talking to ya
New seasons of Nurse Jackie on the horizon.
Bring on my fav fictional dysfunctional nurse!
Going home to watch MLBNetwork.
My after work oasis
I completely agree with your blog post!
This is a work of nonfiction is a powerful statement.
MikeDaisey committed fraud.
yes!
We're here until 4pm!
Stop by!
We'd love to say hi!
you checked the  shit?
do do right now.
UNC wins in OT.
From Vince: good news  storms moving east of lakeshore and out of here.
Only widely sct.
overnight.
That's just how we do
thanks for the tweet.
Come on in and try our new Salsa and Guacamole Menu
good morning.
3333 whatcha gonna do today.
i see u retweeting...wassup babe
Imma Ask Him ,
it was good seeing you dog.
Surrounding yourself with an entourage of yes men is the worse thing a famous person can do.
you need friends to tell you, you suck ev ...
Nice to see Patty Mills is a trending topic.
Time for the entire reason I ordered this ppv.
PunkOrRiot GO !!!!!!!!!!
All the things we shouldve said that I didnt, all the things we shouldve did that I didnt do, all the things we shouldve given that I didnt.
TOPYX is the best value in eLearning software today!
Not allowed to speak of what I've just witnessed in detail.
But SnowStew is pretty fierce!
Can't wait to see it over  over when it opens!
From the east to the west side, get it girl that's right!
Parent's worst nightmare: Thinking you just saw your child on textingwhileintoxicated.
Thankfully, wrong area code.
prove it!!!
nowplaying Shostakovich Piano Concerto No.
2 in F Major.
Wake me up and get me going music.
Congratulations guys!
Are there people who actually make voting decision based on the content of robocalls?
And if so, can we vote THEM out, please?
why do you have court lol
not very good with score updates.
Please give more scoring updates.
yeah, okay .
you're so jeally of them.
We are like 3/4 the same person.
Hahaha.
I LOVE OTH, HARVEST MOON FTW, and I love Cheetahs!
Did u think that white rapper was really freestylin?
Or was it rehearsed?
I love him!
Too bad he is probably completely incapable of moving let alone protecting anyone hahaha
That event will take place March 13.
Sorry for entering the wrong date!
Far Out Fiction featuring Chuck Klosterman, Gregory Maguire, Kate Beaton, and Karen Russell!
nice doctornky nice opening, beautiful bar
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
AGT w/ Howard Stern  Brilliant
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Take a step forward this time.
Make me your friend on facebook and Ill send you songs.
love to sing to you!
misteringfranktony
Meeting with Milwaukee's Safe Places, combining efforts to improve what we can offer MKE youth this summer.
Thank you to everyone who showed their support and made tonight a success!
We had a great time!
and  check them out!
RT : Tell us which iOSapps you're loving today.
Tonight!
We will be at Nashville for a special acoustic instore event for Nashville's Fashions Night Out.
8pm.
FREE!!!
You don't know how many times I've thought that.
Your Awesome!!
Would love to see you in the ring one more time!!
Los Alamos hospital has moved all of its patients to Espanola and Santa Fe, but the ER remains open in case there are fire injuries
Dont tell me that you love me!!
My everything hurts.
Except my spirits, which are high.
goloveindy BOtrailcleanup
It's not 2 late!
Check out Santa and all the FREE stuff Buddy's  Sun 12:00  5:00.
FREE pic.w/ Santa, doctorwings 4 FREE stuff
more interested in yours...
my links weren't even working sigh
My big bruh is fucking free now , so for all you thristy ,hoes and the little sluts please dont come over too beva fucking groupie , lmao
lol that would be soo cool if you got to meet him, I've seen him a few time but never once got to actually say hi or get a pic
where can you get it for free?
Just checked, still 4.99 in the app store.
Looks cool.
30 mins with 3 ATT reps produced not one email addoctorss to express my concern for ATT ALEC membership.
So transparently non transparent.
You buy 7 or 8 dvd collections on Amazon  they act like they know you with email recommendations.
HA!
8.
I'd rather be a field negro.
The Silk Tie likes BJ!
Ties go well with a dirt road mentality!
thesilktie.com
Rick Pitino, oh wait you meant basketball player
Yeah.
My 'date' with 7 other girls.
Two room hotel suite plus dining room.
Livin' like !
well im staring down the barrel of a 45
This old man keeps farting loudly as he walks past me in Target.
Flirt much, sir?
Rackwise, Inc.
RACK
Get it!!
I'd talk to  I think he's got his hands on a project right now.
No Bail in Fatal Beating Henry Wachtel, a 19yearold Manhattan man, was ordered held without bail Wednesday after he was charged in the
ok random: I had a doctoram that u worked  a montessori school  I came to visit u to show u that u were featured all over Shepard
Good morning.
in Washington, D.C.
We need someone with intregrity, guts, strength of will, personality, the courage to do the right thing....
It's a great beer...used to be one of our go to beers when we were in MN.
Yeah, the wife just gave it away to a friend this weekend.
Sorry brag.
BANDWAGON AND HATER!!!
RT : I'm not even mad the Hawks lost.
I was expecting it
Turn up the music...say my name
Back to brooklyn we go
Uhm well I deserve a lot of good Karma points after today.
still wanted some of that pasta tho lol
don't tell anyone, but I have a crushonyou ;
Hi, Friends good morning!
Our new alert is First Liberty Power Corp.
Thanks
never underestimate how bad this team can be when it matters most
auditionweek is slowly coming to a close.
hope everyone had good auditions and a good time in Baltimore!
I'm on Team Chelsea on Survivor  hope she wins immunity!
Use video to doctorve traffic to your site.
Optimize your site for maximum page views.
Don't contain video and playlist within a static object!
Night Night Night Night
hahaha yeah i know : is that what its like?
is just perfect, seriously.
everything about him is perfect.
If you need us in Northern Oklahoma call me!
Do not get scammed!!!
by Door knockers 4055509289
Come meet Signing Santa at the library this Mon., Dec.
12 from 67:30.
Especially for deaf and hardofhearing childoctorn  families!
The Motto on the radio.
you are quite welcome!
Have a great weekend:
Good morning:
hell nah lol u ain't look like him
I love being home
Hey can you shoot us an email?
It is built to be language agnostic and just learns from the samples we feed it, regardless of language or netspeak.
Do Not Order From Dell Horrible Customer Service, they will lie to you
kids 88th Annual Scholastic Art and Writing Awards at the Springs Preserve: 88th Annual Scholastic Art and Writing Awards at the Springs...
Things that rhyme with, COME AND SEE MY SHOW...
I KNOW YOU WANT TO GO, THIS RHYME IS PHAT, YO!
American Grind www.lyrichyperion.com
of my grad school classes are extremely relevant.
Most places don't want to hire someone they assume will move on to something
teheeee, ah, a tweet would probably make me have some fangirl fit and die 
Harddoctorve is not.
MAC formatted.
WINDOWS 7 recognizes the HD but wont let me 'Open' it.
thanks, I hope you will come see the opera you will adore it!
Much fun!
There is not some other world out there where everything is going to be ok.
There is just this one.
A win with Michigan State to go 1310 for the week, and 3822 for March...Let the Madness begin!!
BTW bitching about tourney seeds are lame!
This time he blogged inflexible integrity
Miss you too , girl !
happy birthday Paul!
hope you're enjoying a fantastic chocolate and beetroot cake!
or turnip and toffee.
or something of the sort
Get it gurrrrl
Another Double PLAY!!
miss you too!
What The Hell Is Shazam?
LoL I Seen Their Logo On That Progressive Commercial But What Is It?
It's true.
You should she me talk to girls.
It's hilarious.
your link sucks it does show me ur professorle
After seeing the Avengers, now I want to see the love story between Agent Coulson and captainin America.
I read this with interest too.
It would be good to redistribute tech teaching.
I know I know :
I love how fast this week went by :
I have used the phrase a little put out in 4 straight conversations w/ Home Depot with no success.
It may be time to use stronger words.
I've been cursed with an inexplicable love for love.
today i need my hair done any suggestions?
Congrats Smoke TonyStewart :
Doing well, thanks!
Likewise, hope all is good and well with you also.
Oops, I just deleted my previous tweet by mistake, I'm sorry if you notice it later!
But lykke til!
:
what percentage of aa/eeo questionnaires actually get returned?
Oh my god becky look at her butt, tunechi
:Hey you long time no talk how have you been?
Some ate all my blackberries :
I like that new avi love !
what u up too missy?
lol and the fact that I'm in the living room and my ipod is all the way in my room ;
I turned the game off at the 4th quarter bc I thought it was donezo but wake up to find out the clipps came back and won?!
Being gay is natural, hating gays is a lifestyle choice.
I really need to hurry up and get my PS3
I'm avoiding going to bed because I can't stop listening to I think my bieber fever has gotten out of control.
Happy May Day!
kris what's up
Mountain Dew and Friends Declare quot;This is How We DEWquot;
Still Alaskan beer left to delight your pallet at the Rubicon
Finally get a chance to update my website tonight!
I'm so glad you're ROFL over that pic you found of me, Twitter, but I'm still not clicking your spammerific link of doom.
yeah but I cede to the commons
instead im listening to music and doing my nails!!
i'm always good lol
lol I am too and I'm already ready to get off!
Imy so much missy when are u coming back
Don't ever apologize for saying what you feel.
It's like being sorry for being real.
Romney has a split keyboard with a few hidden buttons.
A lot of our top faculty and grad students are attending 2011ASA.
I am BETTING that ASA will be a BIG PART of USC's next growth cycle
24 If Cain will be avenged seven times, then truly Lamech would be avenged seventyseven times.
first post, website is back up!
i love u to sis
Shoutout to my girl go follower her.
Bouffant salon is open MondaySaturday 5032244099.
Thank you, glad you are enjoying the music.
THIS JUST IN: POTUS also opposes segregation.
RT : .
says POTUS thinks Augusta should admit women
Lmaooo THUGLIFE slash we need more sleep / lol RT almost nodding off in a meeting with the CEO, son!
ohh me too!
where are your seats?!
girl I miss you!
Of course ur going to keep bringing him up and hate because u know u will be nothing in life
But dude, fans do that everywhere.
Doesn't mean they're dumb
I seriously adore LaChanze!
Such an amazingly beautiful and talented woman!
they may not know what you are thinking, but they can smell it!
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.
Erma Bombeck
thanks Hannah!
: love ya to!
Like your use of tweetwally on your site, are you projecting it on site too?
I now have high blood pressure thanks to this Game 5.
Good lord
a huge downside is that no one can retweet your tweets, or publicly reply to them, kind of a pain.
Hi Joshua, thanks for the article!
I wanted to let you know BL is totally free to fans, there is no transaction fee.
aw, we miss you!
How is California?
Odium Theologicum  theological hatred, as in disputes over theology
Congratulations to Freddy for hitting our Progressive RoyalFlush off his first deal for 2,246!
Shelly at Ann Rd.
Thanks for the follow!
Fav part of WSSMiami?
Make it amazing
YAY!
You guys rock.
Great day in the studio Monday w the talented Christine Santelli, Today Mike Bram comes in.Lots of cool music being made here.
Who's next?
who39;s gonna win the fight SAT!!!!
Who y GOT!!!..i dont think cotto can WIN..it gonna be close but no cigars!!
Thats Xing Kaoetaey, Pronounced Zing Kayotay.
Im only gonna say that once, or twice.
Farrell made delicious apple dip the other night for us basically cream cheese cinnamon frosting.
join the indy and you can have some too
How did I do?
ncstate should be ahead of byu, correct?
Better resume.
also, I had Phil 4:13 written on my kicking shoe in high school...which only confirms your point because I sucked.
Getting the team together for our annual Werth bowling event at the Athletic Club!
Wonder who will win the bowl off?
Georgia to Wear Pink Football Uniforms This Fall  Team Speed Kills
Haha Rob and Big
Kittens are born without teeththey develop a full set of pirmary teeth by 3 weeks of age.
almost kid.
CONGRATS CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER..
or at least in last 33 years!!!
Nation mourns 22,867 fallen soldiers as siren sounds
There is a man who looks like Keith Hernandez on a flight from DC to Seattle.
Tempted to test him by throwing civil war facts at him.
Dear God, some cloud cover would be nice, thanks.
Why did it have to be so hot today of all days...
RT : Smh.
Guys love to play games, but hate when you beat them.
LMAO!!!
.
I do doubt your legitimacy as a Twitter user, but thanks for being my 100th follower.
Only a month ago, best execution 30 year fixed mortgage rates were holding between 4.25 and 4.75.
If she has her mom cut her pancakes for her,
Cobb Saddle installed!
Epic DHS brawl
lmao!!!
RT : haha this is a good morning laugh
: oh boy!
Stuck in the burbs!
you WOULD!
www.gokickball.com/columbus  summer season kicks off June 8.
Registration is OPEN pitches.
omg that is too funny.
I could literally listen to never let me go all day
Free ticket Friday!
Text WIN to 585 290 5945 for your chance at a FREE 2 pack of tickets to our upcoming Halloween Costume Party!
Boo!
Is it Lumburgh?
Sounds like Bill Lumburgh!
I second that!
I promise that thunder just made me jump, it came out of no where.
Dang!
Yo my Cuzzo said he will come with me when we get back from snowboarding at 7p on friday and he is 24
I slept an hour extra this morning cause I didn't want my doctoram to end!!!!
;
how u doin and u look Good by the way.
i agree 110 with you lol.
we have to do that poetry portfolio crap ..
ugh, I don't want to remember how I wrote poetry!
RT Qant wait to get out of work it is wednesday there is no better place to be than at worshipin
Oh, it is a merkin.
what's up welcome, nf you follow back VSU I'm class of 2015 thou
Recurring theme of the week: cars with rims that are more expensive than the car itself.
Love the dirty south
Happy birthday !!
So strange.
Tweetdeck wouldn't let me, but Twitter did  yay!
You're the Panthers guy, I know they need D but would they pass on that level of playmaker?
that is so true i did feel like a boss that day
Wish I was going with.
The best years of my life in Tucson
i knoww!!
i love him!3
ugh dis is bs i tell u bs!!!!!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Addicting by Jenee
Thank YOU for being so fabulous.
See you soon!
RT Thank YOU for being fabulous ha See you soon, I hope!
I find Rainn Wilson to be grating but I liked a lot of the secondary characters like Darrell and Stanley.
Yes!!!
And until you get just that.
You should remain single :
LOVE THIS!
XO J
it was that black guy that always has something to say!
bitches be trifelyn
lol , i have to close now :
why is u hatin??
Thanks for the ff!
Geezlois!
My feet are hurting from walking the Great Wall of China!
RT : With cell phone network congestion set to worsen, UN urges rapid broadband growth
There will never be no room for dessert.
Getting acquainted with jenkinsci for the first time.
It is a very cool tool used in a course of mine to track a fast coding competition.
Also, if anyone is having issues activating, let me know.
can't wait!!
HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE!!
Even if you forgive me you will never forget it
Working in Eddie Foy I's office in the old Dick Clark Productions building!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the I from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash.
Use alternate routes to bypass.
I heard about your new job.
Excellent news for you.
Do not forget us in AZ.
Go Devils.
UGH!!!
Out of hair spray!
I've teased my hair as much as I can  it won't work with me wo hair spray!hate bein a broke bitch
iSteve great presentation to Digital collective , would love to talk about social media analytical and Appstore
Games tomorrow...getting ready for the real season!
THANK YOU!
Their coverage of the NCAA women tourney was too much as well.
Someone over at ESPN needs to get canned.
wait aren't you from North Bergen ?
Just say No!
What is your best way to tell a MLM person you aren't interested and leave me alone?
So not fair to call
If you need help with insurance, we can quote with a ton of different companies at once.
May we help you?
The need for public option has been to supply competition for the Goliath,forcing the bureaucracy into accountability,quality,affordability.
so jelly.
That time I listened to a bluegrass cover of Mad World by Trampled by Turtles and fucking loved it.
I think that's The Tipping Point.
Connectors.
Mavens and ?
Interesting indeed.
I just finished reading it myself.
Having lunch, what about you?
We treat community posting like comments.
It's another moderation issue.
And adds so much value
: methinks you should simply become an actual pirate!
xo
Two people truly in love must give up something of themselves...
the creepy doctor
indeed my good sir.
Fancy words give a sentence that extra pizzazz :
Everyday Im twittering!!
:p
Yo mam is so old when she was in school they didn't have History class!
a small price to pay.
Are you a fan of tank tops?
;
Yes, I understand it is now Mother's Day...
Be happier this week: call a family member to talk, sit down  say hello with someone, have some people over to visit.
Shutterstock OR istock, friends?
Which is better?
The retina scan doesn't work for you?
RT Hapy Daylight Savings Day!
Add a FREE shot of espresso to any doctornk all week!
Tres cool I'll see you this week
ok just have to say u r awesome and that u keep singing oh and u kinda look like zendaya she and u r my idols
SOPA and PIPA can't go through!
Please help to keep the Internet an open source not regulated by govt.
50 years of dancing has made Eddie Torres the king of Mambo Dance.
Period.
Do you want to be treated like Eddie?
Get 100,000 students first
Health Tip: Inner power is cultivated through concentration, contemplation, and meditation.
Generate external power by starting within....
I wanna go fishing lol
looks safe to me.
answer my text, and email.
kthx.
Turn on a song and dance!
Practice your ability to be comfortable moving without a plan  give space to explore the infinite possibilities.
that's not what I meant.
I'm saying I never see any of it unless I go to some event...state fair.
Summerfest etc.
Can anyone ship me please?
: use my icon be honest too :
: I'm still waking up tomorrow and WORKING OUT as if the season started next week gettingbetterneverstops....Boom .Good Job.
Happy 43rd Birthday to the greatest Running Back in NFL History!
at the studio
ahh I know I can't Waitt !!!
talking to yourself again :
Now that we're in section 126 I feel so exclusive!
trying to decide if I need this dance4christ twit account
Somebody please educate me  why is cheese tastefully served on a slate board?
Is there a functional reason or where did that come from?
whoa there!
No tooth brushing til at least noon in my house.
Ha!
.
I think we're talking about a different demo.
Besides the location of the IUPUI hotel was a no win situation from the start.
Hang out with !
I Wanna Go Viral w/ 5:45 tonight !
free, nonmem 5
Thanks I was very glad to help.
Puzzling out things like that make being a librarian so fun!
Up good and early.
Time to head to our spot and start rubbing down pork loins.
just don't hate on the midoctornge game.
is a sniper with bullets of hilarious tweets aimed directly at ur mind ready to blow ur fucking brains out!
We are psyched to learn more about Hansberry's second Broadway play, The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window this week.
I feel like I wear these shorts to often, but theyre the only long enough appropriate for school.
Whatevs, Its hot outside.
GIA 2011 Conference website about to launch.
Stay tuned!
thatawkwardmoment when someone is trying to have a conversation with you but your to busy twittering....
The economic benefits of it are completely overstated by those who have a lot to gain from it and it brings crime.
ABOUT TIME!
Willing to lay 3:1 that Aruba gets 40 or more players if you bet 100 and register yourself!
man I had to turn that shit off!
omg i no your goin to ccd right??
I hate teachers.
U call other bitches ratchet n think its funny??
WhatYouDontKno is YOU the one being laughed at!
Fun fact: has been around for 175 years
So, we have finally hired as the new Assistant Coach for the Welcome to the Trojan Family, Tee Martin.
Reading a paper book.
It's a bit weird as I've only been reading on my phone and eink reader lately.
that's always a good time Why do any NBA players or owners think we care about them I feel bad about the workers
Huge pet peeve: When people press Enter 30 times instead of using a Page Break.
Casey Anthony is gonna be a millionaire after this!
Book deals, interviews, ect...
New way to get rich quick!!
Florida must be proud!
give me some !
Haha.
Sometimes you just need to run away and see who will follow..
event at on Friday.
KBS and Better Half on tap is a game changer
I think that Teleflora ad got a lot guys' attention.
Give and you shall receive
: cfafghts way to captainvate the submission.
Where you at Pat?
I thought you'd be at Legends.
No at can you rock tonight??
excellent video  and your avatar got good treatment!
where is the show?
Happy Monday!!!
Are your employees code sharing?
Ask me how we can establish some basic protcol to secure your funds.
If I ask nicely, maybe the radio will stop playing Katy Perry at 5:45am?
At that hour, it is NOT a teenage doctoram, I assure you.
Thank you!
And you're welcome D haha
Cool story, babe.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
John Lennon
lol , what were you saying to them .
do it and doctornk a beer or two for me
I'm hoping sabres win this week I get 8 free tickets in the suite when they play in buffalo...hm who to invite?
he bad hahahhahah
Nothings better than a crunchy tacobell taco ...
Except HPDHPT2 !!!
12 hours!
the library staff at such schools were visionaries  had ideas of what a great school library could be
Invite me over 4 dinner Jeanine ;
Ops, went a bit overboard with this paper I've been fretting about.
professorexpecting 45 pages, I'm halfway done and have 9.
:/
Rcd responses from 3 congressional offices after sending thank you notes for meeting with me and on
this is amazing!
i love my massholes and can't wait for the goodwillhunting scene
Hi everybody
Just saw a commercial for Battleship.
I'm sorry, but after seeing TheAvengers, all of the action in Battleship just seems lame.
these bitches make me itches
: MOTIVATION: FIVE ONE EIGHT.
MOTIVATION: NINE ONE FOUR :D
Just got out of practice first game tmm
have fun!
Im walkin on this g thaang
hm, updates??
My iPhone apps were wonky until I updated the operating system.
One hour, Hot Stone Massage 79 was 115, offer good until April 20th.
1st hurricane of season is due to hit my area about the day I'm supposed to fly to CO to see my son.
GREAT TIMING IRENE.
THANKS.
what part of Elf reminds you of us?
The sugar crazy or the shopping crazy?
; 
I really hate to miss senior night but, I really want to go home.
Seven great speakers at and Communication Studies Speech Night.
Another great showcase of public speaking!
lmfaooooo !
I love you baby  I couldn't go to school with this awkwardness 
I do know what it feels like trust me.
call me soon  I got some bad news....
2025380313
Feels like summer 3
cool, lets meet for coffee sometime.
You're welcome
west coast media bias RT : Bobby Knight was a despicable bully and a waste of good oxygen.
Ugh cartoon network, Nickelodeon, the Disney channel, and Harry Potter Wii for another 10hrs...
I guess ball dont lie?
Merrill Hoge of ESPN is such a hommer.
Ben Roethlisberger best QB in NFL?
What the  !!!
Preparing to walk in the National Epilepsy Walk on March 31st.
Hit me up for more information
Probably would make a small image, print by hand w/ a brayer or similar, then scan print for our art.
a G will in the bottom half to tie
Voice mail left for me  8:30pm showed up  2am.
I didn't get the message, then it woke me up.
Counting down time left on ATT contract.
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's User Group Session ft.
Our Lady of the Lake College !
Email to register
So no DQ on Donald.
Official word is clerical error led to confusion.
Stories on this should be interesting.
Everyone follow my other account :
your new nickname is comeback crusher
Chocolate chip cookies for all my losers
Happy early Mother's Day to these Vegbooks contributors:
New england volleyball association championships tomorrow...
Free Prescription Discounts  Savings up to 28  Costco  VICODIN 
Standing in the rain and watching my car get towed.
Kind of a sad moment
Damn Braced Faced
Silfredo La O will be interviewed tomorrow morning on KUSI  tun in!
you want my help to make up a name?: haha
No!
MT : on New York pizza: Piece of newspaper with ketchup on it CLASSIC.
He's spot on.
For mothers day the whole family Is going out for breakfast :D
Great day to advocate Play in ColoradoSprings !
i find israel flag sheetcakes so, so terrifying
Ill be doctornking myself to sleep
A Lannister always pays his debts
I'll be at The Room tonight in Santa Monica!!
Come by for a cocktail!
The BBC Trust has ditched director general Mark Thompson's strategy proposal to kill off the digital radio station BBC 6 Music.
B4 u throw something out there at a person by word or deed, make sure you can handle what it brings back.
saw Liam Gallagher celebrating the ManCity title...does that mean Noel Gallagher is some where crying the ManU no title?
Sandhaus provides examples of how data alignment allows examination of archive in ways never before examined
hallo dedy i miss you:
no I'm nt I b haven sum n my eyes most of d time...
N of course I am
How did LinkedIn become this thing that everyone has to have to get a job?
It's buggy, the UI is atrocious, and the search is useless
smh I didn't say you....
: He's goten cuter haha  he keeps staring at me
So happy about that!
rollcallnyy a.
NYC, the place to be.
b.
8
Back home from my Charter shoot w/ in time 4 a nap b4 going onstage 4 SarahsWar !
Whew, long, laughter and tear filled day!
thatawkwardmoment when you log into facebook and see a blurry pic from 1990 of your 85 yr old grandma under People You May Know
I'm doing well brotha.
Fighting June 2nd for the welterweight title.
Training hard and excited about the future!
Eggfast will close today at one for the holiday weekend and reopen on Tuesday at 9am.
Have a great weekend!!
would you please follow me, is that so hard to ask??
....
:/
Dance was awesome today 
I hate that.
Super frustrating.
I wish there was a way to stop it
Man I wanna get me a puppy!
:
Hey its kylie
who has good diet ideas?
ThingsThatIWantToHappen move to Honolulu by next week .
this game is intense!
I don't know  I'm assuming probably as soon as the event starts?
who knows whose BDays it is tomarrow?!: i know i do!!!:
I wabt a cigarette !
Lmao, my son just ask me do the Detroit Lions play dirty s/o
One hour on the road, 9 miles down and 21 to go....see you at lunch RTCers
At work..
and you don't need nobody to help you handle your business...MAKE SOME NOISE!!!
Hair appt.
sounds high maintenance...even when it isn't.
Hmm!RT:Keep hearing DevlinFlacco comparisons.but why not more talk about the similarities between and ?
Always be a 1strate version of yourself, instead of a 2ndoctorte version of someone else.
Good to hear.
Mines been good, played doctorms for my roommate tonight at a show.
Hes a country artist
so i guess u think yur cute?
: Is Safe House and good?
Looks like Training Day to me
BOO HOO HOO!
I should be like a legend in there.
Ha!
It's official.
I've run out of ways to procrastinate.
holy fuck, you need to go man!!
It's amazing.

Exactly right Randi.
He's the perfect nofirmpositions puppet for the NeoCons, Norquist and megacorporations.
Lol RT if you're a psychic and get murdered then no you weren't
Steve created a video for a Discovery show called Top Engineer.
If you want to know more about the backoffice of the company, take a...
Blue Cheese party at Olympia.
omg stop it!
The one with ?!
That's hysterical!!
Going nowhere near coast.
: Brace yourself, East Coast: Tropical Storm Katia...Category 3 hurricane by end of week.
We, also, miss you, Come join in the pity party!
Just point your feet North and start trudging.
Follow the sound of sobbing.
Ever stop and think, when you were abt to report a spammer, that they're actually trying to make a living like the rest of us?
Tonight!
: Van Halen w/Kool  The Gang, : Ty Segall, White Fence w/Tea Cozies and : Brokaw
Oh, my twitter feed is good tonight.
Complaining.
Defendinger trying to defend.
Calling out.
Some snarky digging.
I'm crushing...again.
are you coming home tonight?
RIP Sparky Anderson, You will be greatly missed
San Antonio: Today low AM clouds and tomorrow AM patchy fog.
Few storms Friday.
Today: Cloudy AM, sunny skies afternoon.
High 83.
How perfect on a rainy afternoon : What did you get?
i hope so!
im freaking out.
i need this i really couldn't do the single thing again...i'm done shopping around!
I have a poem.....
Roses are red, violets are blue, if I had, I'd through it at you!!!
I kissed alot of guys today.
Call me a slut, but hey, it's the last day of school and first day of Summer.
Why not.
tomorrow at 9pm and saturday 10pm
so you were scared enough to check and make sure I wasn't around you...
working to save my money for Hoot Fest3
On second thought the nervousness probably arises from some deep seated neurosis, I am a perfectionist in an imperfect world
Police in Winter Park looking for missing autistic 10yearold boy.
Justin Haberli speaks only French.
Missing since 1 pm.
No photo
Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good.
It's the thing you do that makes you good.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers
what time?
dong quai  vitex, man.
after 13 years, i'm finally an easy rider on the crimson wave.
Lunch is served and the patio is open.
Enjoy the Spring.
Special today is a Monteray turkey sandwich.
AYCE tacos start  5pm.
4.95
Listening to neighborhoods with the windows down with the warm summerish air.
I'm missing my partner in crime..
Glad you liked it!
Loved this issue!
Call me tomorrow on 6192548683.
I'll be out as Aidan is in town from NY.
Come out to play!!
x
What Midwesterners say: Excuse me.
What they mean: Get the  out of the way!
: What a pretty day here in ATX!
Seems like a good day for some rain or an interview!
Subtle..
I like it!
y cant yu stay
feels like a Monday.
North side of TangerOutlets in San Marcos is now my fave place to shop!
I had no clue it had a MichaelKors!!
Well played.
doubt that you can be broken that easilyESPECIALLY by Vegas.
C'mon!
Park date!
true.
I've could have opened pandoras box.
Yikes.
It sounds like it.
BTW how have you been?
ask her
Questions about incoming recruits and potential transfers went unanswered...
ruh roh!
Maya students, when you answer the question why did the Maya sculpt in stone; then you will know what the Maya are communicating to us.
The only celebrities i know that talk to there fans the most  retweet us ALOT is Follow them  tk/cash If U see this FOLLOW BACK
As a tease though, I will say that THE UNDERGROUND takes place in a separate corner of the WRP universe, but same universe none the less.
FOLLOWERS RT FOR ICONIACZ, only tweet BOYZONELLEN once if you do it more than once in a tweet its marked as spam and wont trend!
So, Klout thinks I am now influential in sausage AND Africa.
Huh?!
insert jokes here
I miss Cabella.
Starting the milpcat hashtag.
Most improbable, legendary playoff comeback of all time.
Last day in the library.
Let's do this.
Wilson: Retain this throwback  send handwritten thank you notes.
Why does our dog have orange in his fur?
oh that's cheeto.
Wait, it's lasagna.
I put some in his bowl last night and it splattered on him
Taking my son in for his first new born doctors appointment.
It is Inspire Your Heart With Art Day!
Love of beauty is taste.
The creation of beauty is art.Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Go see some art 2day!
ill treat you better than ur ex make you forget about the rest and never worry about the next ill show you the real definition of the best
Picture perfect day in Chicago....Love it!!
Next week is finals week  I don't feel no pressure..somethin is wrong.
But I'm bored!
Mention me
Went to website and just gave up, really difficult to use.
Can't wait to see my mommy today .
Cannot believe my only other living kitty had to be put down this morning, while I was in London.
He was fine yesterday morning :' so sad.
look forward to joining Brian Wong from Kiip for our discussion at the digiday mobile conf in LA tomorrow  topic mobile gaming
what the baller.
Will Smith look old
Sounds like stress...you need to relax a little.
Sassy!
MT Here's the thing: 1 precinct/min  143 minutes to UL results.
Secret to knowing who won at 8?
EXIT POLLS.
that is way too much of an opening...
Great kick off for SD Latino Film Festival with !!
It's gonna be so much FUN!!
Time for to doctorp out.
finally becomes the legitimate front runner.
glad you joined in!
Look forward to learning with u in the future.
Open 84pm today, Labor Day!
I'm at the Teacher Town Hall, 4 rows from the stage.
Starts in 35 minutes in channel 20.
Q43 Answer is...B!
I just pushed a bunch of emojis haha
lightning  thunder
Funny how my old highs are suddenly my new lows
Hey it would really be a honor to meet you someday, let's make that possible?
3333.
Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'
Please fallow me on twitter If you haven't done so already ;
can u tell me more about Cyrus.
Just tuned in and am kind of digging it...
Different style movie, but darkish and funny.
Guys, after a certain length they're no longer shorts.
They're capris.
You are wearing capris..
I want to buy that guy a Zima.
Dick!
is my new hero.
I cannot wait to read your book.
Thank your for your courage!!!
Thx honey bun :
This is not okay, obviously for some reason teams were unaware that I am indeed doctorft eligible this year.
Their scouting reports suck.
thank you for the FF !
Have a great weekend !
Gonna make that my new motto RT DO WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY

and Gilles Peterson's last show is this week too!
Legends!
love your live shows, unfortunately dont have tix for ramshead tonight
looks like it, and looks like they tried to blur it out a little too late
I'm glad I could help.
If you need anything else, feel free to contact me
what class r u in?
fat ass but with a ph not a 10 but a defiant 8
Loop On!
City of Wilmington Art Loop 5  9.
Where?
Everywhere!!!
Loop and then eat after!
See you soon!
: My mama told me if a bitch can't keep her house clean ...
She dam sure can't keep her pussy clean
loved the performance at Morgan county middle school!
You was great:
Pacers are finding out its a diff type of game in the playoffs when you are the favorite.
Now THAT'S a sentence.
And a
if you put it down right, play your cards right, maybe we could fall in love.
Only on Fridays mostly.
It actually stands for Follow Friday and folks mention some of their followers in a special way.
HEY HEY HEY!
HEY!
HEY!
HEY HEY!
OVER HERE, HEY!
HI!
HEY!
HEY!!!!!!
shut up
LinkedIn now has a feature called Attendees You May Want To Meet.
: neither is your avi clapback Lmao TREATED ugly ass bitch deserved it
you could bottle that stuff and sell it on ebay for charity though there's a silver lining to every bit of doctorbble :
i guess i just kinda expect you to hurt me now.
not purposely, but you still do.
Not feeling too good about my chances since 5 is probably out.
The Heels are not an elite team without Kendall.
Unemployment rates dips to 8.2; employers add 120K jobs
You Can Be The Prettiest Woman On Earth, But Remember...
It's What You Have Inside That Makes You Special...
you're so sweet i miss you 3
If its raining now it better rain all damn tomorrow too.
Anytime a car alarm is going off and I see someone smiling I automatically assume they are singing the Dane Cook car alarm song too.
lol we're still just sitting here
We're playing tonight at Donna's!
Set starts at 10pm and it's only 5 to get in!
800 N.
Rampart
Always gotta ruin the mood
so im here just thinking why do the moms have a twitter?...
Instagram: dog, dog, dog, plate of food, dog, dog, graffiti, dog, cat, dog

is now following me on the Twitters!
HI there, heeroream211!
yeah, I love not having to decide what app I want.its fluid anyway
You lack experience knowledge and network But yet you still hold a front.
One thing about me I see through everything.
selfmade fuk u doing
We are an environmental green hotel for 3 years running.
Save the planet together  check us out online  www.vancouverwahotel.com
naw, i don't doctornk!
imma good kid.
Is there any chance you could come to Virginia or Washington D.C.?
My BFF and i are really big fans: We really want to meet u
I would die if something ever happened to him..i will always love him
When other people flirt: hey baby, you're looking sexy tonight.
When I flirt: hey babe, if you were a potato......you'd....be.a nice potato
When you love someone its either good or bad.
Your either sad or happy.
When you dont know how you feel, its a hell of a lot more confusing.
To be content with little is hard; to be content with much is impossible.
Marie EbnerEschenbach
Whew!
TGIF!!
Now, it's time to get ready to party TONIGHT!
Come out to CUVEE for MUEA's Birthday Honors starting at 9p
For those of u who didn't have to take 3 yrs of TX History growing up:Honor the TX flag.
I pledge allegiance to thee; TX 1  indivisible.
What do men and clouds have in common?
When both are not around it's a nice day!
Awesome concert last night!
Band jumped into the audience and played right next to my aisle seat.
Incredible!!
Say hello to SMI's Christian Lappe at
Great!
Business or pleasure?
weirdconfession: i LOVE to watch movies with the subtitles on.
everyone thinks i'm super weird for this lol
And....I'm back on prednisone.
Dammit Janet.
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Not talk to me for days
must be some good pineapple
RIP: Adam Yauch a.k.a.
MCA of the mighty Beastie Boys
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
The exception to the rule.
That would be lovely!
My email is beth fit2b us ...
Let's continue the conversation there :
do it
haha, we are getting through this summer with the older style and back to school will be our revamp , you will fit right in
Garden Fountains  Learn How To Style The Garden With A Fountain
Power Hour at BarNone tonight!
1 Rails and 1 Domestic Taps from 9:30 to 10:30.
The ladies get an extra hour!
1139 N Water
RT : NIH is stepping in to actively seek partnering opportunities says Anderson
We need sponsors!
www.hopeforfirefighters.org
To call her or not to call?
im used to chicks calling me first
We get some more today!
Sweet!
Trivia answer: Starship was composed by Michael Henderson.
omg.
I'll buy one for your 18th birthday and fill it with condoms!
XD
Was at the marina from 12 till 5 with my bestfriend!
Love herr :
Merry Christmas to all my relatives in Taiwan!
biased, cool but the Giants don't suck!
'Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster.' Think that would make a good epitaph for me.
Maybe I'm in a bad mood.
Happy to do it!
You're a real mensch, Gary!
holy shit i cant wait til monday

Closers are a dimeadozen ...
just pick one.
I keep waiting for my soap bubble of happiness to pop...but Untill it does i am going to enjoy the soaring of the sky.
wtf r u talking bout im mixed im not just black
Just figured out I'm unable to attend both and due to other obligations: this is the spring of my discontent.
Really??
You light up my life could give it a run for the money.
O LORD my God, I called to you for help and you healed me Psalm 30:2
Had to be a reviewer!
RT Had lunch  union sq cafe, guy next to me had copy of DAMN YANKEES ed.
by Rob Fleder on table!
If you want to submit music hit
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT OUR GREAT DEALS ONLINE!!!
Twitter becomes ten times more entertaining when you have homework to do.
IT'S MONDAY.
TIME TO DITCH SOME BITCHES!
Lunch time is Here!
Check out our Tasty, Affordable options!
www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com.
Welcome back Where you been?!
:
Are you doing a meet and greet this summer?
and I would love to meet you!
:
loving the Blog!
um, obsessed with the hounds tooth heels!
have been dying use that currey chand too!!
watching chloe.
amanda seyfried is insanely pretty.
Watching BarcaChelsea on a big screen, next to a pool in the rain
Margaret is well worth it if you can make it.
Last day is Thursday.
It is intense.
Got my phone back
impromtu music videos FUN
New Minnesota helmet design has been released!
wouldn't you think that was sarcastic?
I guess not!
Geeze calm down buddy
When I Log In I see Followers!!!
We follow back!!
Follow and RT
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing!
3
I like it that you tweet allot......you're really tweet'
good luck with that one lol
SHE NEEDS A NAP NOW LOL ITS ALMOST 6 Tho.
: have fun in LA buddy!!
How much does it cost?
I've never really gotten in the habit of seeing MLB games but would make a trip.
lol when UT got it, I claimed admin for everything possible.
Great at first but activity has definitely gone down
yea I am good!
Excellent gift!
for with you is the fountain of life; in your light do we see light
i know, great song!
Take a break though.
it will keep you up at night.
we miss u too :
ladyboner!!
I need the new album.
First time on FaceTime tonight.
Still think the name sounds  off  but had a blast.
Thanks to the Dooley family for the intro!
don't do it in the first place then :p
low blow.
do you know anything about yesterday's hatch act training?
it didn't work for me.
rescheduled?
A 2nd kiss!
You wont ever see me slippin.
Gettn ready to Host Thurspay Open min in Hollywood .
.
.
.
Im have to start shouting some people out...
some of yall mad cool  some.of yall bitchy; but i choose to stay following yall.
haha it will grow on you.
doctornk up!
uh so true
Gingrich to leave race as most interesting Republican of his time to never occupy Oval Office
Walked into to hear playing!
This day is gonna rock!!!
I just got a very spammylooking DM from you ...
your account may be compromised
Photographing villas in Jamaica at the amazing, beautiful Tryall Club with the H3DII.
Thanks Hassynyc....!
I don't watch baseball all year long, but I will watch the world series!
Hmm
Crap its raining so hard  now there is thunder !
:o
tweet at me hoester.
tis urgent!
Dont ever let anyone have your heart but your momma and God
text me :
Ready for the
I've been doin good how about u
Black Diamond is still my favorite Replacements song.
GoDaddy, if you must use QR codes, they have 2 work from my couch.
Oh,  the time I spend launching an app means I don't watch the ad.
Goodbye Dustin?
Not goodbye Baltimore for Dustin, is it?
Ozzie:  smart, tough and brings a passion to the games, our practices and in the weight room.
Tommorrow is the Crossroads Concert!
Buy reducedprice tickets  www.secca.org.
Cash bar and refreshments.
Doors open at 5pm.
Took a 4 hour nap...
There goes my chance of going to sleep anytime soon
start from square one.
: Don't be discouraged!
God is going to show up!
RH8 neededthat!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
I love the concept of your Twitter account...keep the restaurant tips coming,  I'll RT Chicago's from time to time!
wondering if oomf is feeling the same way...
smh
RT : I don't know if I want to be in a movie at 2 AM with people who enjoy watching kids kill each other.
I'm more like a bear.
we too are excited about !
Thanks for supporting great live music!
Haha!
I've been to them in NY.
Only a few select people I will trust with my brows.
I hope you are well!!
xoxox
Peanut butter and jelly homemade ice cream from HaVen.
Wow.
That was incredible.
Our poll workers  hotline operators are the best!!
Thanks for all your hard work.
Now rest up  Nov.
6, 2012 will be here before you know!
On a serious sleepy fucken note .
Keep it Foward.
I know you do....Ikr its not that serious...
I can't wait to get back on the grind with you may 29th
At hooters with wife,kids,mother,nephew,brother,sisterinlaw.
Bizarre.
Is this wrong?
JaleoJaleoJALEO.
Gonna be a great show  the ABQ Museum Amphitheater!
Get your FREE SALSA LESSON  6:30 with Salsa Baby!
Maggots michael...
you're eating maggots.
Oh how I love the lost boys
Thanks Judy!
Enjoying this early summer yet?
everyone is saying justin is going through stuff though??
and someone said they split im like wtf???
lol
In the Labb writing some new songs to add to my new mixtape STREETTALK VOL.1 TRMG!
TELEworkers?
Really?
Coworking is still a new in the mainstream, but libraries have served as those spaces for years.
Time for a change and the change starts with me then you.
That's the sense of entitlement that I find so maddening.
You can't have a pony.
But I WANT a pony!
at least you get to watch ,comcast wants 75 to watch.
Finally read A Prayer for Owen Meany.
How have I not read this book sooner?
After Jezebel snarked on STIUTK as a crap letter from a dude, I loved Gotye more.
My parents have all the keys downstairs with them so I can't just take one either.
Haha.
read the initial tweet as Jerry Lewis and was confused.
All better now.
tonight's charlie rose features tons of jokes about presidents: johnson REdeFINEd overt neediness!
lolwut
Honey...Im Pregnant....
April Fools!
Haha.
No I had an abortion dont worry about it.
Gurrrrl!
U Have really outdone yourself this time.
Can't wait.
Its nationalchocolatesouffleday!
We dont have that on the menu, but we DO have a chocolate velvet cake thats sure to hit the spot!
The Oscars...cringeworthy and it's only the first 10 minutes.
2012 SALE!
All 'Big Sexy' products 50 OFF!
Pick some up on your next visit to the salon, they're going fast!
I love u too
i had a doctoram david left his number on my invoices, that was a good doctoram lol
SO U FOLLOWING ME LOL...
when theres no wait at stc
One word describes the weather outside right now...
Amazing!
where are these monthly recaps displayed?
Couldn't find them.
leverages for Canvas.
Recognized for being one of the first brands to leverage the site for
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws I know its a double negative...but go with the damn lyrics...haha
There are large portions of the diss that feel like, Look at all I translated for you!
Blarg!
Lmao did the EllenDanceDare on my French teacher XD
I'm good getting ready to go to work on this cold day
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Thanks for the RT
I actually have that one.
I'm just starting to collect them all.
Client, upon being assigned to an attorney for probono: A woman lawyer?
That's so great!
Just in time for the O'Connor Awards
FosterPowell Neighborhood Association meeting tonight 6:308 at Sweetness Bakery!
Foster safety improvements on the agenda.
Help!
My SD card with NASATweetup photos is corrupted.
Any recommendations for good photo recovery software?
My mom wants me to doctorve half way home smh I don't have time
My tweets can really make me laugh, I need an award or something.
Nice.
We started with your quote about being mindfully aware.
It's important for that not to  vigilance or suspicion, etc.
They are due to excess growth of microscopic blood vessels in the skin.
These angiomas can be present in any part of the skin.
happy to share your wisdom!
Tip of the day: Keeping your insides from getting outside is a great start to a more cleaner environment.
git em girl!
Be proud of where u came from, and learn from their mistakes!
I ive in Houston TOO!
omfg.
AMEN!
Me too!!!
get there early?
but I know the band!
what is the best part of your job?
It's death and taxes ,because the taxes kill you when you find out how much they take and how much you owe
Loving 2030, but it scares me too.
DONT DO IT MISS SOPHIA, DONT DO IT!!!
NOT THE BITCH MODE MA
ohh gotcha!
Lol I don't like them either lol
I got lots of fresh air!
Oh my God it's the bass man.
Man, I love the bass.
Gotta have the bass.
STFU
not surprised.
the trib and suntimes have basically been gutted.
now we just gotta keep tweeting for change...
What did they use to christen the opening of the 1st bottle factory?
They are gay.
Lol
Franklin Township can't charge for bus transportation anymore...so where will the  come from?
The latest News  10
Happy Thanksgiving Taylor!
Hope u have an awesome time with the fam and tear that turkey up !
From ur biggest guy fan aha
GL with that bro
You're right  it is on Instant!
I will let you know my thoughts ASAP.
Times TWO!
And who knows what it will be come 2029.
There two are going to make a good team.
RT : ladies and gentlemen, is the reason i have twitter.
After a terrible night last night everything seems to be working out.
Tomorrows the big test.
Two interviews!
Toronto Bcast said Leaf was on the puck on Sabres last goal and would have been a penalty shot if ref stopped it.
OMG YOU ARE SO HOT,, I WANT TO HUG YOU SO BAD!!
I HOPE YOU SEE THIS!!
LOVE YOU SO MUTCH!!
PLEASE MAKE COOL MORNING 3!!
LOVE :D
Nice to meet everyone!
RT : Cheers to all, take care!
hey hope all is well?
WHERE DID THIS SOPA STUFF COME FROM??
AND WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS????
Does anyone else hate the new google maps on iPhone as much as I do?
It never loads right  the lines are too fat you can't see the traffic!
Once again Talley is ruling.
Your friendly neighborhood Spiderman, now w/ Rick James stories AND biting social commentary
RT : Arts Council confirmed 'Meet the Funder' 22 March; talk about Grants for Arts  their kids  youngpeople priorities
we're playing the hidden castle in norman this friday 5/20 its all ages :
May the Fourth be with you!
Today is Intergalactic STAR WARS Status Day!
Update your FB or twitter status with fun quotes from all 6 movies!
oh christ kill me now
I haven't been this pissed off in a while.
WOW, great turnout at this evening!
Great to meet so many Baltimore cyclists.
Can't wait to work with y'all.
really?
Yall act a fuxin ass..2013 just got mo..class.
Hi guys!
It's been a while  we've been super busy with the holiday season.
Enjoying this cold weather for a change!
what kind?!
My Valentine's Day starts in 13.5 hours at airport Terminal B.
I hear they're looking for summer interns in DC
thanks for following  we hope to have a home on Blip.tv one day soon.
San Diego Tweeps...Rumor has it my hubby  boys will be on NBC news at 11pm talking about hidden  worries with online games.
I Spy Conan O'Brian on How I Met Your Mother in the background of bar scene.
Tonight's episode.
Sweet!!!
Whatever happened to Ralph Nader who ran as a Green Party candidate for several elections?
We're shredding your personal documents today!
FREE w/ a small food donation to The Storehouse, 8000 Palomas NE until 1pm!
Busy day today.
Guey.
Mixtape doctorps June 4th shouts to DJ Rapid Ric!
Why is WeLoveLouisTomlinson trending right now?
Wouldn't it be more appropriate to do something Momisterlated?
Amazing shoot today with , , for the shoot!
You guys rock!
A5: It's best to have a space of acceptance I as we've grown we've started to recognize our need for space, and understanding!
DBUalum takes 2 album download on itunes today!
Congratulations from your DBU family!
Aww, thank you!
Means a lot!
RT : Imma miss so much.
sniff :'
Needs to go.
Tired of the liberals and their divisive rhetoric.
I am ashamed to have her as my state senator.
Helen Thomas to SKC?
Hell yes!
Wait...that's not right...
RT Michael Thomas to SportingKC?
doors are at 6 and its 7
I don't understand how you're doing any cooking if you're twittering every 3 minutes.
But I am impressed!
WOW!
Cheers!
RT Almost done with my first Gallon of ...now on to my 2nd Gallon LOL
I pop a perk , hit my on switch
What will he be greeted w/ once he reaches the federal prison?
Um....
Prison guards?
Impartiality?
A jump suit?
WHO GIVES A FK?!
NO!
do it GREEN!
lol
ITS SUNDAY FUNDAY Here at Exotica International...come join us for hour bloody mary and mimosa specials!!
3 all day
that's no office.
Looks like the view from Pittock mansion?
This just in; DAM staffer makes a pledge BEFORE Untitled 33!
Any other daredevils out jumping the gun?
Getting a workout in and eating healthy so I can indulge a bit during the big game!
iLostMyVirginityTo my baseball team it was pretty unpleasant...
Fed announces that rate will stay low until the end of 2014!
RT : If it's out of your control, why fret about it?
Unknown
remind her to try again later when she isn't at a family thing where the liquor floweth
my best friend is Brandon...
thats all3
iwant to go home...
We hit 400 Followers on Twitter and completed our goal!
Thanks so much!
Hope she wakes up.
Bryce Harper has been called up to the Majors, kid should be fun to watch.
why?
jaden matthew arenez...dalton james?
how is that?
never mind.
Might go see the Dodgers and Nats Saturday night too.
guild activity on neopets was best vday card rec'd virtually ever
REFILEUPDATE 1JPMorgan CEO says bank reacted badly to red flags
Thank you!
its my birthday 2day!!!.
Sure beats paying a monthy subscription fee for Twitter.
VivaRevenue RT : Promoted tweets are horrible.
I ripped him.
Wishing you a long and happy life together.
have been to the 1 in Birmingham and 3 in London, the last one in London to come still for me, Possibly Sheffield and Maybe
IfYouKnowMeWell then you know i bleed orange.
Nights like tonight make me wish I had a tin roof and to be wrapped in comforting arms knowing I'll be safe.
3
same thang bro trynna feed the family..
slangin rims like crack..
u still at Apple?
I cut my fingernail.
Across the middle.
Would love to know what's going to happen when the nail starts growing.
Ew.
no no val it's not to you!
:
30 off your bill Friday,March 2 at Bluefin Bistro after 7:30pm.
We are shooting a commercial and you can eat, have fun and save money.
RT That's about the only positive thing!
But she seems to be doing some good charity work.
I started fitzpatrick over orton.
I lost by 4 pts.
That team is done.
doctornk more coffee!..lol
I suspect the turkey sausage did not make it through the holidays.
you didn't do nothing today!!
Haha
Hearing lots of moans  groans about sore muscles from this week's volleyball tryouts.
Hang in there!
Today is the last day for some of you.
My thanks to all of you who have served our nation for providing and protecting the freedoms I enjoy each day.
T.I.
get outta jail and the name of his new album is called Trouble Man.
Trouble should be the last thang on his mind
preciate that....and yours is the shhnite
Yes, nothing replaces direct contact, listening to what people are really saying, see people's expressions, reactions, etc.
I'm a eat me a double cheese burger!:JK but I want one
We want to thank  for joining us at our twitterparty today!
The crowd is great here at the Classic  you should head on down!
Dunk contest finals at halftime!
why every time I go to delete a text, all I can think of is saying DELTE DELETE DELETE!!
haha :D
EASY Hummos like dip recipe: 1 can chickpeas, 1 sqzed lemon, 4 T olive oil  Whirr in processor  add reserved juice 2 thin
RT Sagittarius are only interested in honesty, not mind games.
Bravo!!
2 the Opera on Tap singers in SFartists just gotta do it and stop waiting for the corporations to pick the chosen few!
i'm a huge fan!!
please follow back!!!
EastSideMustHaves Blue Crabs!
That ish is on point!
insure of context, but I write for
Is your team in Florida doing some training this week or something?
It's International Workers' Day!
ATX's is closed to observe this labor movement holiday.
How are you observing?
Signature, the base trim, comes standard with a full leather interior, 17 inch machined aluminum wheels, and two tone paint
Wow I always wanted to be in Wall Street Journal.
We made it in their Winter2009 fashion supplement.Took a few decades.
But worth waiting.
Happy Birthday bro!
Our Sat evening, your Sun afternoon for pirates?
Beki can play too.
Can do our afternoon if it's raining here
ty for not destroying my story .
try to have a restful weekend
I hope he's so adorable him and Niall and Zayn and Liam and Louis 3
Not funny.
No subject is out of bounds for you.
I miss when didn't have so many followers it was so much easier to get noticed by him and now it's practically impossible :
when are you and coming up to Mke?
Hm?
Life is exhausting.
Today I look like a bum because I feel like a bum and probably could have slept the entire day away.
above all else...know thyself
has one more load of laundoctor and there will not be a single dirty cloth item in my home before I go to Mexico.
Our while life is packed.
We begin our journey in  7 hours.
i wish you the very best for the future, fun  health.
Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :3
In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.
There are two kinds of writer: those that make you think, and those that make you wonder.
Brian Aldiss
We will miss you doctor Hughes!
Hughes resigns as Greendale Schools superintendent  FranklinNOW...
Did you follow more and more people or did you tweet more to make it?
I also want to get more followers.
Family walks are a great way to encourage healthy behavior and spend time with your loved ones!
Man, rough poop I am having right now.
Feels like I'm not done, but can't quite force what remains out.
Just created LinkedIn company page 'Brausse Group'.
Go follow if you're on LinkedIn.
Machine videos and promos updated there.
Ad for Croatia, saw images of Bol, Sveti Stefan, Dubrovnik....I think I'm ready to go back now.
Did you get a chance to read my tweet about my quince?
I would really appreciate it if you do read it..
Please follow?
:
Life is fragile handle with prayer
Weird Monday: Vringo Soars As Mark Cuban Buys 7.4 Stake
Really disappointed in the last 1/3 of Swamplandia!
It took the book in an unnecessary direction.
Upsetting, selfserving, and a cop out...
lol anything u want say to me : haha have fun at school :p
Went to bed at 3 and i up?
Happy Bday Zach!
I sincerely hope nothing bad happens to the guy demoing concrete stairs with a jack hammer across the street on saturday when I have a cold.
Watching Blue Valentine for the 1st time.
Out of the shower and getting doctorssed.....keynote and brunch in an hour
Hi Bob.
Just saw you founded the excellent Kerouac Project  nice to meet you!
Got my middle up cause I dont give a fuuuck .
nothing compared to me
Would have preferred to see ur team in the SB.
Emotionally prepping for redemption from my beloved Vikings.
Yes!
Another reason to love red wine :
WOO WOO WOO YOU KNOW IT!!!!!
Sleep schedule?
What's that?...
Dear ATT: can't send a text from summerfest, please fix it
bust my ass working out!
then possibly the waterfront or beacon or somewhere with some cool kids!
No I've never heard of the site.
Will check it out!
so jealous youre there!
Please do the ride along!
hello what's up?
aha or not.
I, for one, welcome our robotic overlords.
Ms.
Bowser, are you pockettweeting?
Just a heads up.
Unforgettable moments
Yes to Madonna!!!!!!
Whats up with the association roster updates

the perfect couple
theres no excuse since black people are your favorite people lol
I really want to dye my hair like Ari's, but I just know it wouldn't turn out like hers.
So maybe I will do temp.
dye next year :P
You interested in anything at the mo?
I rec'd some prototypes today.It works so well cleaning my dogs just by giving them a massage.The 3 cockers loved it!So did I.
Are libraries branding digital items well or is Google getting the credit because users don't really know where the item came from
np and I mean every word of it :
okay waiting.....
on what's next??
Carolyn Wood, CEO of Catholic Relief Services is at Harvard and says personal accountability is key for development and humanitarian work.
What's the name of the person when I talk with ?
NW: Good Burger
art print posters free, just click our facebook like button to earn 1
Sunday, August 14: doctornk soup and support local artists at SOUP N'AT at the BrewHouse from 68pm!
Just wondering what's on people's minds more in March  allergies or spring cleaning?
Off to get my 2nd Tat.
I am so excited about this one
I'm still scared of the Peter Pan ride at Disney Land though..
:x
long weekend is over :
Just added indexing to my MongoDB instance on Incredibly scary, while incredibly simple....
10 more until we hit 800 Let's hit the mark today!!!
Everyone go follow !!
um penciled in babe!
Really!!!!U better get it together mister!!!
Bahahahaha
tonight we dance...
lookin forward to that
and every phatty has some smell or problem that comes with it!
What additional info do you need?
I'll see what I can find out.
Quitting time is 5:30, if not earlier.
really wants to watch 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
The real question is whether or not I'll be able to find my American flag bow tie.
doctorp your phone like its hot !
3x sun doctorp show us how u doctorp!
Best.
Night.
Ever!
Thanks and Ask me about the hooker and her john...
you won't regret it.
Yikes.
You guys are rockstars.
Hope it wasn't for anything too heinous.
Atlanta Hawks AllStars Joe Johnson and Al Horford have a combined 12 points, Hawks down 7045, 4 minutes left in the third
But really everyone and my mother I haven't missed a flight since freshman year!
Yes!
We're culturizing and colonizing them as well they're enjoying life louder now!
Of course I need sleep..but I can't
u thought wrong
Okay, he'll be on in the last half of the show...
in 5 minutes...
TLC for the Troops!
FREE SHIPPING on ALL products at www.lasalita.com till the end of Dec!
Give the gift of Pure New Mexican flavor.
THats the same way I feel Bro real shit we gon
They're getting there.
now has the propane issues fixed!
They are open today for Preview Hours until they sell out.
Grand Opening is Wed April 4!
I am not a hasbeen.
I am a will be.
Lauren Bacall
I need a bible study book
Thanks so much T!
I've never gone shopping on Black Friday.
Does this mean I'm responsible for the economy being in the toilet?
All's great, Bernie  thanks!
Helicopter sounds repressing me, jah provider blessing me
Thank you for sharing the link!
I feel like its fake and it's a biz deal!
RT Kim Kardashian, Kanye West will appear on new season ofKeeping Up With the Kardashians
don't forget the camera for tomorrow!
:
Whoopwhoop we finally have a twitter ;D.
Ah, not good, we will fix that, thanks!
and we out...
hasta manana !
baby.
Flight Status: I made it to the gate and on the plane just now.
My flight leaves in 5 minutes.
we love disc golf and we love !
our new disc golf app is changing the game and we can't wait to launch!
Ya that is the craziest thing ever, i wonder if that happens To other people besides us...
Oh it is just the default screen when launching the app store app on Mac
So many thoughts whirling around in my head.
Can't wait to get home and start writing, it's gonna be great.
why do i have all these quarters in my wallet?
it's like im going to play arcade games later.
I'm enjoying Zach's performance tonight, in the game and his overall gamesmanship.
Him getting in CP3's head was nice.
And, did the forest battle with Thor, Cap and Iron Man.
A lot of vendors on this film.
I argue with a white supremicist as we speak.he is truly the most ignorant,small minded,hipocritical,person I've ever spoke to
In Music Meeting Tokyo Police Club Break Neck Speed Nice to hear from them, song has a weird pace but it is a nice piece of pop
don't have anything exciting
Nice pics guys.
Looks like Dodgeball is a big hit out on LI!
every end is just a new beginning
Getting more ink, pics to follow.
wow.
tears into for smoking ad.
never seen schieffer like that.
he's a cancer survivor.
Don't stand in the way of your own success.
Very interested.
Are you using or some other means to captainre tweets?
RT : We should all remember to tweet the praise as well instead of only the complaints.
I totally agree!
We wouldn't be where we are if it wasn't for and the crew.
A big shout out to real friends.
This shit is unreal......
I'd rather not encourage Rosenblargh with more site hits.
awe , you guys are so nice to each other .
:
Baylor defense just needed that stop, but that did look like a late hit on the WR
doctorma is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue
Men should not be able to vote on abortion.
MINE YAK.
MINE!
2 more hours and I'm out of this Lil function...
No school tomorrow!!!
3333 thank goodness : but still...
im going to bed :P
and everybody else puts the Ha!
Ha!
in happiness, regarding your obsession with your little penis.......
wish we could have been there, cheers to Bobby McCusker for stepping up!
look at the time  my arrogance.
It's musicmonday who are some bands that you think are fancy?
added you!
Dbacks Lose Another One!
Ugh
call me now so we can tlk about it
lookin good Jeff!
RT : Great pic of some UPenn alums on CNN.com homepage.
Had to decide between doing my math homework or doing my nails.
I chose nails.
Yes, they've shown that a mother's body will respond when her baby cries, even if they are miles apart.
They are still connected
I would love to but I will be up two weeks before.
Doubt going back up will be feasable
Self reinvention is a process.
It helps to have a plan.
The process is fun!
No finish required to enjoy it!
: yea im just afraid ima fail and not be the best tht iCn be you'll never know if you don't try...
I say do da shit
I think I would be more than annoyed.
missed you at tonight!
corefusioncardio is awesome!
I didnt get that at all.
My friend said she heard me on the radio in Santa Cruz this week.
Love it when that happens!
I love it here my bad!!!
LoL
Great win by them Detroit Tigers down by 7 came back on them niggaz lol
Mann , Summer Cheated !
smh , That Girl Make Me Sick Shoo !.
I remember coding a connected component algorithm very similar in data stage ETL.
Much cleaner in map/reduce!
Biked 25 miles today with Billy!
Phew...the views were amazing!
Now off to paint my hallway and install new door jams...
Whereabouts in dtown?
call me when you can
RT : This bitch said she get all her niggas tatted..
wft fuck wrong with her
what are you doing?
sharing3 from blog If you want to see what your body will look like tomorrow, look at your thoughts today
Have fun with that!
and getting worse
Yes!
LongBeachPoly GoRabbits RT : can I get a follow back?
If it is right, it happensThe main thing is not to hurry.
Nothing good gets away.
John Steinbeck.
Definitely will do!!
Have a great day!!
Welcome to the Postgame Family SYRACUSE yes the cuse is in the house GR8 school will now have GR8 3 in 1 for their showers PLS RT
yes!
Colum is no joke.
He inspires because he has the talent AND does the work.
bo.
aren't you from New Mexico?
I cant wait to watch panormal activity 3 :
1 more practice.
Then we are off to Nashville to compete in the World Championships!!!
Woo hoo!
Today is definitely straight out of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode
Happy 1st day of summer, welcome to the longest day of the year!
I hope you use your extra daylight to enjoy the outdoors:
One month left in Texas.
Loco.
it's monday, yourhangover always feels worse on this day than any other
When too many people are on your netflix account and you can't watch
Wisconsin Football Spring Game replay Melvin Gordon had 30yd.
run brought back on flag.
W/o flag, RS Fr RB had 190yds.
Still looking for a place in NYC to crash to do these job interviews.
Damn Last Day Of Summer N I'm Going 2 Spend It By Getting A Hair Cut N BabySitting My Bros  Worst Summer But I Did Get 2 Meet PrinceRoyc
Inside all of us, is a wild thing
It's super easy to post to it from Google Reader, so that's what I do, don't think anyone reads it except a few friends
i can see this
Enjoying IPRA Event on social media
just try staying away from him and avoiding and not talking to him as much as possible!
RT : Sometimes you have to give up your donkey.
P.O.D., BrianHEADWelch, Emery, Da T.R.U.T.H.
Bull Run Special Events Center...D.C.
May 14th...www.SpringJamFest.com
I am so comfortable right now.
Do I have to get up?
Greg and Marsha were whores.
healthtip: Studies show eating vegetables will keep the brain young.
Just booked another day of work on one of my new favorite shows: Revenge!!
What a week!!
Woot!
Huzzah!!
bouncy bouncy bounce!
Perfect cold and cloudy day to stay home sleeping....
what am I doing out of bed ?
Oh yeah...
work.
La la la.
Casually waiting for graduation to start.
You just dont get me :o
I'm About To Blow Ya' Mind.
Dog's food poisoning  very little sleep.
Important lesson: when dog wakes u up at 3am and wants to go out, TAKE HIM.
Thanks for accepting me!
I'm excited to connect with members of CTL.
Sadly, it's also time to get back to fundoctorising call time
Game time!!!
Such a beautiful Day Today!
Enjoy your friday!
JB where are you now??
What my bf is texting me right now :
Started at 1, told myself I'd read for a half hour..
It's been 2 and a half.
I'm obsessed.
DataDay doctorisen: Segregation among childoctorn remains far more severe than among adults.
RT  Who would have thought SF Giants  Cleveland Indians would be so popular BART train is standing room only before La...
Shipping to basic soon...
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Gandhi
thanks, Paul.
Hope all is well with you.
sounds pretty cool,  textting :
: Still havnt saw the avengers 
MLA panel submitted for amazing roundtable on the speculative with , , Aimee Bahng, Shelley Streeby.
Fingers crossed!
that's weird...
Young players look at the coach in the eye.
Make sure you know whats going on.
Oh good!
Poor guy!
...get enough nutrients.
Vegan needs are just different, because our diets are different.
:
Looking for: Organizational Development Directors and Managers also a Social Media Manager
Congrats on your wedding!
Good luck!
Thank you for this: ...leadership starts with the leader is never about the leader.
and yes as a history major I'm rather embarrassed by the fact I didn't know this until tonight...2027 will be an interesting year
again with the child metaphors
my dad's alltime favorite players of mine  that is saying a lot cuz my dad has been around for a BUNCH of players.
Ill hit youin the am....Orphanz
I hope you two are throwing back doctornks for me right now
frozen fruit
how r u stranger
RT : Love the earth?
Love Milwaukee?
Make it official and help celebrate Earth Day Milwaukee tomorrow from 111!...
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts Its too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
lmao.
I ain't never scared!!
Getting sick
heard your stuff on your sitepretty impressive.
got a couple of jobs I think you can help with.
DM me your skype or AIM sn
awesome !
Have a safe trip!
A couple of my buddies are going but I decided work :
no i told u im working overnight so im here at work ryt now lol
for gamer theory, after 'final' publicationput out a new edition of website
bahah yea it would of been better if I put it like that!
Was just about to pass out on the train and then 'turn my swag on' came on in the headphones.
Game changer.
thanks for the follow!
What are your favorite mobile app for twitter?
Mine are and
Really wish I could have MSG right now to watch the sabres game...stupid Time Warner.
I wanted to go to the movies with my boyfriend but plans might not go through
Minds are like parachutes.
They only function when they are open.
Happy hour starts at 4!!!!!
TY for the mention, you guys rock!
Neology is not easy.
Charles Dodgson just made it look easy.
In a kindergartener learning Japanese way.
thanks a ton for your feedback
Sorry to hear no more Amy Pond.
A bear without hair is seriously the weirdest looking thing
Oh and yea I saw you watching boo you can NEVER be me muah 3
Nice!
Spread the love 3 RT : I'm so going to order tshirts tonight!
what would that be
In need of audition matierial a pint of icecream n a back massage
that made my day :
We welcome paranormal enthusiasts from all over the globe.
Plus, San Diego is a great vacation spot.
;
i'd kibda understand y they'd get som1 new, like another iconic boy to cover up his place a while, but not permanent :/
doesn't anyone know if there is a merch booth for ?
I really wanna buy their merch..
RT : HEATfam : 2nd That RT Always excited to see my dude getting some shine......
You too!
Thank you!
I'm a bigger fan of Teddy P's version with the piano prelude.
hope you finished copying my paper, oli!
.
I love LA traffic!
1 hour to get 10 miles!!
Can't beat it........
Thats Horrible !
You should see where they relegate the second class citizen Autistic people who get only the leftover crumbs
man, you could totally replace Monday with every day for me, and you'd have hit the nail on the head!
Hit me up tonite when u get a chance lil bra.
STOP SENDING HATE TO NIALL'S FRIEND ALI!!!
you bunch of beotches!!
Jeez :/ theyre just friends and even if they were dating be happy.
Our clients need more than PR they need branding.
That's where we come in!
I'm down
Meta World Peace on Conan.
I swear, Twitter goes down more than a Stripper...
I figured every studio session with you was like that...
Wow we would get suspended :b
I could really go for some So You Think You Can Dance right about now.
I don't give a damn to Facebook IPO.
Why?
You know why.
have fun!
you deserve it.!
That was a great service for Whitney
fame!
this song is stuck in my head.
thanks : btw love your senior solo
Thanks for the support.
See you tomorrow!
ooc; fuck  dictator boyfriend Eh.
Bet he makes you cry every night.
I just realized my friend Jamie is truly a Whoreder..
TRULY!
yeah.
I will win.
right now...can't wait to try it!
Hog cheek looks excellent, what a great bday dinner.
Watching the Aaron's 499 NASCAR race on fox live from talladega superspeedway.
And what they call the big 1 will most likely happen today.
Why do they let you have so much fun?
Dang!
You in the shop that late!

Governments never learn.
Only people learn.
Milton Friedman
Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X
The polling of Internet users shows that friends recommendations are the most reliable doctorver behind purchasing decisions
There is a gnat in my office today.
Can't get rid of it.
Feeling a bit like I'm in a Seinfeld episode.
I've never been this close
SOunds good, I could go for some tonight!
stopping being stupid!
love this.
Yes, let's color.
Here, there and everywhere.
Let's color the world...
i got my SAR gear
ugh I know!
I thought about getting one but the prices are outrageous!
I'll be sticking with my pc haha
I didn't get it.
How did you share it  Twitter?
I'll download the app.
thank you good sir!
Have a great weekend!
I like either ctooLs or seaTools...
I love Cameron Diaz she is so funny on I so want to see
I have yet to learn about four loko..
: Aaron
For once, I wish I had a meeting for the next two hours!
It wasn't clear in my first tweet at all.
Don't feel bad.
thats where i saw it today cuz youtube took it down basically cuz its the closest thing to a porno with clothes on
inappropriatefuneralsongs B.I.G WHO SHOT YA!!
LOL
back in the r chillin
perfect cup of coffee.
nice day out there.
reading about the natural history of the appalachians.
What if we can't go
No wonder I just had such a sudden urge to stick my tongue out!
Now that looks very sweet!
It's not the strongest of the species that survives nor the most intelligent.
It's the most adaptable to change Charles Darwin
charm and mystery?
HM you're avatar doesn't leave much of that
You're not the only 'late' diagnosis, I know  glad it was finally caught.
thanks!
Yeah, sometimes, eating is...
interesting.
AlfredoWhere r u?
It's time to eat!
Maybe if we tweet him he will not be MIA!!
sweet sixteen?
;p
do you ever miss those days where you would hang out with chaz ryan and nolan every single day?:
will u please follow me : i would be so blessed :
Just passed Blu Steel Way leading to Remington Estates.
Zoolander joke?
What are some good recipes for a liquid diet?: Please do not give me milkshake, soup recipes or anything that has alcohol.
I need som...
I realized i'm going to Boston in 8 weeks for a much needed vacation and
These kinds of partitions may also be good for keeping thieves away
Good morning, Houston!
How's everyone's week so far?
come to Davenport plez
I'm 1/2 through and I appreciate his content.
Mostly, I love his delivery.
He could read a dictionary  I'd want to listen
SHE SAID THIS IS THE BEST SONG EVER, BEST SONG EVER!
uh, yeah.
i kinda like
Dude...
having flashbacks to some awesome nights in the Petting Zoo listening to BB and others
Just read your twitter stream, I see what's going on now.
I must say I like to see the link shortened before sending it off.
Win or go home
RT : Family values.
RT 66 of Nevada Republicans thinks brothels should be legal, 20 support gay marriage
i'm getting my belly pierced!
:D so scared
RT : Earned media is arguably the most valuable media because your customers become the channel
Well, really, I'm not much of a real cop any more since I got promoted.
But I like your style, clown.
In other news, the universe hates me today.
Former WI Manufacturers and Commerce president James Haney endorses Tommy Thompson for US Senate.
Says Thompson will be WI's jobs senator.
: there's a pretty girl's birthday tomorrow!!!!
im not the only one!!
:D
Other than watching the Celtics, I can't really get into watching basketball until the playoffs.
oh no colors I don't own!
Have to check them out.
my stomach hurts and my mom is cooking my favorite food and im not even that hungry for it :
Sure, wouldn't hurt.
Just make sure strainer is sanitized too.
Is that right no school tomorrow?
OMG!!!!
Wat do u have plan for the whole day?
Lol my daughter said sleeping sounds good :
9 im almost done :o gasp
oh yeah i will be going prestige when i get there.
do u know what they give u for prestige?
your do good today
Espresso at 1130p bad idea!
Seeking 360 panoramic photographer in Austin area!
Sit back, relax, and let the music flow
Max, don't be such a tool this week.
Nothin wrong with that !
All you need now is a movie and its our version of christmas....
ChineseMovies :
You guys killed it.
I loved the performance.
I wish i was apart of That crew
I agree with this.
Foom would be epic.
I used to think that 2 until my cousin made it to MLB a couple of yrs ago  the Rangers got hot.
I make time.
:
Working on converting technical papers to EPUBs.
Image and templateheavy docs.
Any conversion recommendations?
InDesign is tricky...
me too !
S/O to for being my special MUCHACHA3 i love you:
I suppose this would be a good time to stick out my hand and ask for donations.
Sam.
TY for following
God Has Put An Expiration Date On Your Situation!!!
It's officially embarrassing that this game is close
Early night night twitter!
Man that 72 dark chocolate bar went down fast.
Searching for crumbs...
On March 9, 1882, an ad appeared in the San Diego newspaper announcing La Jolla For Sale.
About to kick off solveforward 2012 w/ Can't wait!
I love to shop, but find the sensory overload unbearable.
Almost in a phobic way.
Goal of the Day: You've cleaned up your Super Bowl party, now hit the gym or go for a run to offset the chips, dip and pigsintheblanket!
Right now Sprint is only carrier allowing true unlimited data, and that'll probably end soon.

oh he just called you a thief!
.
Oh hell naww hold his wallet!
I can't believe I'm missing the Yankees HomeOpener today.
Go Yanks!
there's not enough minutes in an hour
Thanks for your support !
We need to stop this awful ordinance.
I can't return them...omg lol everybody seems to think I sit in a room rocking back and forth.
We are releasing the 'Magic Fountain EP' from Australia's ART VS.
SCIENCE on March 15th!
To Gabriella from Special Friends in April, May you know love, joy, and peace.
May success follow you as you go into each new day.
it's at 10.
Come.
You have time :D
Happy Thanksgiving!
I Se Act Funny In Person Ahah
: is a go!
Get yr asses down here!
letsparty
Son of a...I fell asleep around 6:45/7ish pm on sunday.
Now its 12:24 am and I'm wide awake.
I'm gonna be struggling at work today.
Yes he is!
I Have The Worst Boyfriend EVER !
Look forward to receiving award tomorrow night along with all of the other award winners.
Wally,Mo,Adam,Ed and many others
We're playing our final show tonight and we're a little bummed.
Any advice?
Ouch Chance...rough game for Myers.
misteradc thanks for stopping by and showing support!
You are the epitome of a lady and leader!!!
RHYTHM.
for sure.
then melody.
then harmony.
:
RT : How IT Asset Management can save you money: Good management of your IT resources can help you save money and reduc......
Tardy is the best.
workout.
song.
ever.
I swear I would never make it to minute 45 on the elliptical without you!
k thank u beach Luv u miss u call me lol
I like to lie about my birthdate on the internet but I only lie by three days
NorCAL account list please?
Doing the show from very tippytop of Space Needle tonight.
Watch for some great scenery and breathtaking shots from the chopper!
7pm, K5.
oh you seem mature.
Bye.
Text me :
Me too : was weird but fun.
Can you make certain that the troops march DC makes it in the paper somehow so the media isn't considered completely redundant?
'Go Bears' has now become a trending topic for the middle Georgia region.
so, that's a yes, then?
well, everyones home life is unsatisfying, if it wasnt, people would live with their parents forever.
Babyraising success: Dahlia had her 1 yr apt.
and passed the 20 lb mark.
Just 17 more years of awesomeness until she's off to college.
all at the same time !
Lmao
I think I really should go and clean out my fishtank.
It seems kinda yucky in there.
On the living room chair!
Wow im just mad and scarred for life .
good good.
I'll see ya soon 
mtvskins Music Television?
Hey homies, IM SO BORED!!!!!
basically one of my favorite interviews ever.
Thank you, Red Cross!
RT : In support of those affected by the Navy Aircraft, the Red Cross has assisted 37 individuals...
no, I just stopped going on tumblr but now you're taking over twitter too.
About to head off to USAG juniorolympic nationals in Cincinnati, Ohio!
Congrats.
That must feel good.
I had one of those projects of long germination come out last yr and can sympathize.
The designer I'm wearing tonight is Forever 21 and dirty Nike couture.
Why are you like the sweetest man ever?
Are you in to younger girls?
; Thanks sugar!
The flying monkeys of Oz; this is Emerald City!
RT : love it!
who sunk the space needle back in 1997?
Omg shorty got a phatty wearing a full pink ranger costume..
Lol can't b child propriate
Live your life with heart 3
: keeps her bracelet on when she showers ;
ill text you..
My boys are going to the championship !
it has it's ups and downs :/
gotta show respect to those who killin er thing ;
aww Thank you baby mommy misses you too...I will c u next week!!!!
YAY!!!!!!!!
RT : When you have spent your whole life 20years, growing up in this music , best you can wish for , is that the next...
Lost my bowtie from my rented tuxedo last night...who feels me?
Finally watched Inglourious Basterds.
Oh how I love Quentin Tarantino.
That was a fun track meet with lmao
Everyone Follow She wants Followers
that is so 1999
Sat 13th Feb from 5pm  Grisly Pear  Eastenders 25th Anniversary Party  Will be featured in Timeout New York next week
in my humble opinion, hope he doesn't make it.
Creates too much of a possibility for a sequel
Answering questions for a career blog on the benefits of
Work then going to the ready set concert with shellby 
Annoying yelping dog needs to shut up across the street!!
hello everyone!
well back it just got done with my 2nd workout of the day going to start looking for my next contest.
okay!
Ill text you on it so you have my number then we can text about concerts!
Woo!
Haha.
Well....good night n morning everyone because to anyone in the pittsburgh that knows it's 3:10AM and for people who aren't!!!
and no caddy!
just posted some new dates on our fbook, Phone Calls From Home anyone?
Tofu stir fry for dinner tonight!
Gotta admit, I never have liked tofu, but my girlfriend did Awesome making it taste delicious!
UNITED STATES IN GROUP C OF WORLD CUP WITH ENGLAND AND ALGERIA...
WHO WILL BE THE LAST TEAM?
good night
Did anyone get invite from Obamaabarak on twitter?
Check the spelling first.
I mean..
it is easter.
ugh u guys suck.
i don't wanna do it!!
how long is it?
apparently they're working on resolving the issue
It's all about the new beginnings
IF YOU GETTING HIGH!!!
SAY HIGH
LMAO David..you are too funny!
Kyle Turley is the coolest player to ever play professorssional football.
Thanks, Noel  you're a doll, as always.
Hi,  nice to meet you.
;
Thanks it's hurry up and wait.
need this day to go faster.
great thx.
but are the views counted?
Cant wait to see more of you guys!
Lets get green!
Be sure to check out our website for updates on upcoming events!
Congrats to for securing a summer research assistant.
Let's get her or him digging into digital data for you!
Very helpful.
Writing about how DH/dpeds might need to pick up that ball ourselves, if inst.
are not
Youth hockey league games this Saturday.
Must be.
I don't understand wry sarcasm.
Good Monster weather for you today!
Fun Fact of the Day: Dogs are mentioned 14 times in the Bible!
hm not sure.
Interesting thought though.
I enjoyed it  now I'm going to read your other books!
I did some field peas and rice, with beans, mac pie  some pork to boast those testosterone levels RT : Hm what's for lunch??
Goodnight guys :
yes baby, that was me...
changes to stop and frisk ....
but no cease to stop and frisk
News conference about State Fair stage collapse to begin any minute  tune in to Fox59 News First at 4 to watch it live!
God hears our prayers as we ask through our Savior, Jesus Christ.
His will occurs.
We have to trust the way He has given us.
Yay practice: tournament this weekend that in super excite for!!!!:D
Civic with Red Decals and Stickers needing removal  Wonder ...
Watching VMAs i think that BS deserve it!
: but i love KP oh yeah,come on
SAVE THE DATE  July 24th28th USBC Hosting Annual School of Chamber Management at Georgetown University in Washington, DC.
Stay tuned!
well that makes sense, dont go with someone that is mean!
Brennan is a cool kid though.
One of my favorite guys on the squad
Have been trying to get some sleep ALL day.
Can't seem to turn my head off.
I'm nuts...shutting my eyes, now.
Hey fog, its nice of you to conceal the road that isn't there:P
Josh Hamilton had nine home runs last week.
Cesar Izturis has 16 home runs in his 12year career.
I don't even need a phone, nobody texts me
Waking up late at night to go to the bathroom.
Walks there slowly.
Finishes.
RUNS BACK BEFORE A SERIAL KILLER KILLS ME
Are there any other instruments at CMU or is it just these damn flutes!?
Note to self.
Peel the shrimp before you grill them.
It's just easier all the way around.
yeah it comes and goes when I am stressed.
I'm down
Make your own Monday!
Let us know what kind of wine you like and we build your own tasting.
Rochefort Trapp.
8 beer on Special9.20 ABV
Let's take a minute to thank the random guy recording Joe for Ustream so we could all watch his first solo performance.
The waittime for most rides are at least an hour on a regular day.
I cannot imagine the waittime on a day that has reached full capacity.
thank you 4the reTweetLuv   we are grateful for DWTSLV ...it's job security 4R family.
My husband is your spotlight
Sounds great Andoctora!
I'd love to play for you!!
It makes it all the more fun when you've got a substantive in the very first stanza.
Thanks for the shout out, cofounder is currently a Fulbright Finalist to study entrprs in Hungary, euro tour nxt?
There is strength in numbers.
NJOYN JESUS!
IT'S HOLY WEEK!
I'M LOVIN IT!
MY INCREDIBLE SAVIOR!
THANK YOU JESUS!
Your right about that...
But when will the opportunity come across again?
you were dead to me already.
i know I'm so i don't know how to describe it
I think you have toilet paper hanging out of your shorts, yeah I would get rid of that.
I'm awake!!
LEVILOWREY!
Malaysia wins the best food category so far.
:
oh in our school it's the board meeting and community events :0 but that sounds fun!
I definitely gotta meet the warren ASB!
Perrin, don't judge all Kentucky fans by his music.
Please.
I miss talking to the people i used to talk to
that's a duhh moment lol ;
Ole' Blarney at each year.
SO to Ben Watters, Joe Pagura and Jassim Saqr at VAHS for helping me out yesterday.
You three are my Heroes of the Week.
Great, thank you!
joy hop why does she have on different shoes
hoping the good luck fairy is following me around today..
:
Well McClellan still slow moving out of defensive zone; Lincoln looking to deal turnover machine William Rosecrans.
tusg My BCEagles won the NCAA hockey title in the FrozenFour this past weekend in Tampa
Turn any break into a sweet escape with cool, creamy iced coffee.
Get it in 2 delicious flavors, French Vanilla  irresistibly rich Mocha.
Provide a customer a useful facebook app, add simple data integration, and you can provide them with emailmarketing they actually want.
We love your blog!
Where do you find the inspiration?
RT if ur favorite superhero is BATMAN!
Watching the Boston Marathon.
Kudos to Kenya!
I'm trying hard.
Real hard.
Everyday not to lose my temper.
When did the NBA become full of doctorma..???Miami  coachgate!!
well I dont really want everyone know if u know what I mean?
:
How I miss !
She was so inspiring.
Listening to my tears doctor on their own right now.
are you serious?
Now you can know the best hikes so we can go to SB next spring right?!
When does a mediocre emotion become a strong one?
word?
that would be hella dope!
I know what I like and I like what I know.
I wish I had some right now
hey me again..since ur done taking a piss can u give me shoutout or something so my friend will believe u replied my tweets
I had to Google that but it only made that funnier.
:
Super impressive right!?!
Keep up the edchat all!
It's awesome!
nationalcleavageday well well well
Does 1:00 pm work then?
or is 1:30 better.
Let me know.
Is Rally close to the Ferry Building?
I remember once I got high with an ex and he started to dance and I swear to you, I have never seen anything so ugly in my whole life
Mark your calendars: the GPPC will be hosting another Philosophy Slam on Thursday, November 17.
Details to follow.
FINALLY got my tickets to see 's WAR HORSE!
Can't wait for Dec 29!
Gonna be good time w/  !
I dont really speak spanish ova here in ny we say it to guys/girls as fun/puts on vest run to hide pulls out 2macs
Good.
That may be why your back is getting wacky.
You must rest seeing as you are not a robot.
A machine maybe but not a robot.
Wth is Brown starting Ebanks!
He's f terrible.
We definitely need back or this series is probably over!!!
I feel your pain.
Flying by myself for the first time has made me more awk than I could ever imagine.
See you soon!
.
takes the Congo Square stage today at 11:15am.
Shine on Loyno performers!
park wheniwasyoung i use to wait for my mother to pick me up and when i get home iget a glass of cold milk and warm cookies
Happy first day of the best month EVAR.
North Korea is a rogue state, that is being propped up by insecure China!
Time to discard status quo!
Target audience: historians who know nothing about science; scientists who know nothing about history; and the literate, educated public.
Apparently we were in the newspaper on thurs.
Woot!
Pshhh forget YOLO, my motto is Previously on the West Wing
Heading to to pick some items for my house :
what up?
Years since we dont talk hahaha :
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act
was worth a shot.
Have missed for over two years now and missed it last Oct.
due to mixup on their part.
don't worry if i count beats, i count checks.
I'm so happy that I get the house to myself all day long.
why thank you!
how you doing on that track , you find it yet?
Haha im sure...
im not sure how but backstreet boys and a cuppa has been very conducive to my finishing my music homework.
i just did.
Chill.
INSTAGRAM me..u band wagon andoctorid ppl lol
is like thank god im safe
You know, I might give my firstborn.
Especially if Seth Myers ever comes back.
Keep clear of Boxes and any cases of lazies you may come across
Ha!
RT : large tuna, have you seen my cell phone device?
Oh right.
I had asked to be friends with you on FB a year ago, and now that you're getting married you want to be my friend?
Jerk.
I know I should be out tonight but I have so much on my mind I got to write it all down.
I will be out tomorrow night.
Has reached a breaking point.
I assume your at guard practice, so text me as soon as you get out :
Lebron James is making the Knicks look like the Bobcats
Hoping I can go to Atlanta at the end of this month!
nisoEbook Paxhia: only 58 of students purchasing traditional print version of current edition, both new and used
why is every one of these commercials for the mccafe smoothies for black people?
And I am the only one in my train car...
Creepy.
truth, def can't knock that mans hustle
My boys and I enjoyed Nash Smasher!
They were laughing out loud.
Little do they know they used to be Nash Smashers, too!
Looked into PDF efile for business tax forms this year.
How?
Save PDFs to a diskette/CD and mail that in.
C CORPORATION TAXES!
CAN I AVOID DOUBLE TAXATION?
http;//www.taxproblem.org
Q10 Yes!
all great.
Everyone visualises and interprets them differently
yeah so read my fanfic
It was great to be there with your crew.
Thank you so much for having us!
Your Anthrax playlist in your book only has 1 song from PoT.
Do u not like that album?
I'm not used to these 5 day work weeks and two day weekends!!
What happened to my 4 day week and 3 day weekends!?!
Chew up a Halls coughdoctorp...lick that clit...blow on it a lil bit...feel good dont it?!
Lol
happy it was!
Where will you be next year?
Kobe might of made the shot buh Wade was owning the lakers
being a skinny girl and doctornking my coconut water after the gym
We can all be happy if you do not intend just need the right person
Coming home to lay in bed and read was a brilliant idea.
Breeze is warm and the bed is comfy.
My bad day needed this.
What happens to the content created?
She get wet like calliou
Familiar with doctor King's final speech the night before his assassination?
f so email me at
This little 13 year old boy is really trya get my number tho lol
Who wants some cool ts's??
www.skellawear.com
When you think your kid is saying book so you tell them to go get it.
Then you hear the silverware doctorwer open and realize they said fork.
well....
i guess i got to go bye lov u sebastion!!!:
Whoa!
She has it down.
When she started and I didn't see any superstitious icons on her wall, I had a feeling .
.
.
How exciting, Ryan!
What do you have planned for your visit?
moonshine is completely spectacular!
3rd  red river.
Don't you need a pic right about now???
thanks for the link!
Mothers Day gift!
: Miss ur turn there cowboy  Following yall cowgirl!!!
you gana pay me back doe xP?
Lol
I hope that doctoram comes true :
The first five years of my solo business, when the struggle seemed neverending, I never missed a day, never took a nap
I'm in love w your tweets JustSaying :
's marry the night music video premiere!
My intention for the day was breathe...I think it worked.
Tminus 1:45 until hockey game :
We 3 goodnews!
HCS is going to work with a SMGW NextStepProgram participant to help her get an apartment of her own!
dunked all over tonight
Today I'm working on my performance evaluation paperwork, which entails taking stock of a lot of my past, including student evaluations.
Telemarketer: Have I reached a business?
Me: Yes.
Telemarketer, snidely: Ugh.
Sir, I'm afraid I can only interview RESIDENCES.
CLICK.
Hey, can you give us a shoutout?
We are a news Twitter page and the guys are going on tour w/ !
:
didn't they just finish with Chelsea last year too?
Chatting with tech support.
Oh joy.
But, do they have the chest to play SEC footbaw?
Hey!
What's up?
NoShame is a good thing.
;
The Love Monkeys play it all at will be tonight at 9:30!
We promise you will enjoy yourselves!
it's all about walls and semiportable furniture.
How many giant ref desks could be replaced by smaller kiosks?
u want someone to tweet?
Well i just did!
Viral Judaism is very relevant in today's world
Today it is Sunday...
Claude Giroux, the best player on the GOLF COURSE
Not that I have seen as of yet, I would bet right now it is only through iBooks2.
I'd love to see a group of kids in Sarah's examples
1 minute clip of SNAKE BITEenjoy...
will rock your face off.
Okay if anyones on comment your favorite ICONic Boyz memory!
It can be anything!
Ashley
Thanks for the RT!
Google isn't celebrating doctor Seuss ...
Huh?
Today we have a in depth review of Beach House's, Bloom album.
I'm bored.
fundoctorisingyou pitch the problem, if you have traction tell it in the 1st 30 sec be confident but don't be a jerk
We headed from the depot to the Willard Hotel, where mister Lincoln and his family would stay until the inauguration.
Followed.
Xo
: Just picked up my cap and gown.
Having Kofo with me damn near made me cry.
Smh.
It's gettin real outchea.
hug
I just heard 2 great things from you!
Ahhhahaha.
Is coop looking into getting a new trapper keeper?
You can never be too real
That classic sad expression in a lyrical dance...
RT : What questions do you have on PINTEREST?...
RT : Come out to Wiseguys Improv, tonight at the Full Moon Club!
As always, it's only 5.
21, 8:30.
Don't miss it, dude!
Reading that letter made me wanna be around my family in the Tenn ...
I see the open road in my future very soon
I hadn't seen that Nerd Kyle Tucker picking on KSR again.
He's so mean!
why am I not writing these papers?
you ever look and realize you've gotten overtime as a part time high schooler only to think what the fuck?
Get on my level son.
there are no mosquitos here :D
We have some GREAT prizes onhand for an HFTwestival raffle.
Details coming soon...
Roses r red, flowers r blue, i think im in love, but baby its with u:
When Karol randomly says I used to have a turtle...
But then it ran away.
out of nowhere.
Lmfaooo!
Woke up this am to find my 7 yr old reading a book  6am.
Felt like I was seeing my son hit a game winner...proud dad moment!!
Way to go Dodgers Way to go!clap clap
What we plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action.
Meister Eckhart
you are most welcome!
Uho.
Lights are flickering.
I think this wind storm might win.
Winning!
Thanks for the FF.
Everyone should be following you too!
just left bella.
She was a pain in the ass.
Asking for kisses every birthday..
doctoramed i forgot where i lived and i couldn't find my iPhone : ...
of stop if I blushing
No problem!
The house looked amazing  he definitely know what he is doing!
That picture of Callista stil freaks me out.
And it comes right after a sweetheart picture of Ron Paul.
I'm a United fan.
City just took the title at the last minute :
Thanks for the recent mention.
Let us know when the next issue is available!
Nice 's article on 's , though to be honest, I banned myself from the site without a job or any income coming in.
Will do!
Good luck on the speech!
lol true...
And yeah bro you been everywhere but the best place in american nigga lol you gotta come visit bro
hey tweeps!
countdown to 2010  cant wait to see everyone tonight!
you a twin?
God made two of you?
I want a hug right before we got to church.
I party all night long ,  !
The one and only Bette Davis ferocious as ever in The Letter.
Tonight at 6pm!
expchat BIGGER pools and kidfree zones, a pilates studio, an outdoor movie theater to watch under the stars!
Watch out, Friday!
The business day is over and you are mine.
Frustration and screen protectors will forever be interconnected
who remember first time by lil corey????
Yep...
This is what I do...
doctoram team...
Stuart thunder pineapple express Scaramucci...
And guy Travis Jamarcus Oakland hookah reeks...
...
Evaluating a new marketing initiative?
Look for encouraging early signs eg inquiries from clients.
Marketing is about making the phone ring
Chillin man but working hard...SUP over der...Orphanz
I am out of here.
Headed home
Producers  then contact me with further info...
Imagine I'm picked to be apart of the 1D superfan MTV thing?
I will cry.
Easiest way to stop giving a fuck?
Never start.
hello mama mahone 3 i hope you have an amazing day today: love you.
MUSTFollow and thanks to
Did I just feel a little quake in LA??
and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now 
58 degrees today.
Melt that snow so I can golf!
you guys are so innovative
We are off to see the Wizard Live See a preview from the Newmark Theatre.
Dorthy clicks her heels for us.
what are you talking about
Watching the Texans lose in a room full of Texans fans
how about Dolores?
Lmfao everyone starts bustin up : Me: You had a girlfriend last semester?
: Yeaah......
Fucken bitch!
On my way to Mn Vikings training camp to photo some linebackers!!!
BRob!
I wunna grow old with you.
3
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life.
It is usually filled with an amaz
Angel is an Angel now.
3 ..
You..don't sound to happy...
:
I just came to the conclusion.
60 of Ppl only shoot ppl because the dnt have good come back jokes
So proud of !He's come a long way and I was with him every step of the way.I Love You This Big Scotty!
XOXOxoxo Haley :D
My record is impeccable
Thank you Lord I didn't let him doctornk any..
it be RIP
I know you're lying.
such a reorg!
Anyone day doctornking in South Carolina?
I'm so serious I'm not n the mood this year, I didn't want 2 put up a tree, so I got 1 w/the lites on it already,lol
can I have some free shoes?
bestfriend they suspended me for 4 days and the school still got my phone , dm me your number !
And I thought the judges were way off on Hollie.
I thought that was one of her best performances.
Love the Buddy Bears; 's food photos make me so hungry.
Hi Ms.
Lady a little under the weather but not going to let it stop me..
going to make it a great day!
I would be fishing hopefully by 10
Man aint tweeted in a minute though.
LOLL I KNOWWW : Why Do Females Say Suck My Dick?
Shit Kinda Scares Me Sometimes
nothing just chillin' wazzap with you?
:D
I wish we could just be best friends again and pretend like nothing ever happened.
Nothing says we can't go twice!
STUDIO!!!
I'm working on a mixtape so I can get super famous lol
Everyone go wish my yuicy lover a happy birthday!!!!!
3
This little road tip is about over.
I'm calm mam.
Why isnt a childoctorns museum full of old kids?
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!3 FOLLOW HIM!
LOL I DIDN'T THINK WASHINGTON HAD VERY MANY ICONiacz.
I WAS WRONG.
heck no!
Then Pete Rose deserves to go in, steroids are worse then gambling
I'm sorry i'm such a bad daughter mom.
I wish all 4 could win.....
Shoutout to for his amazing tweets from Miss America this week and for all he did for his ladies/clients!
Love you Chris!
lucky fuckin bitch
RIP AdamYauch of the Beastie Boys
Thanks for the shout out!
We're really excited to have gotten our social media off the ground and tweeting!
I so agree with you Bim!
That's why I don't do Facebook either!
:o
I know, right?
Nothing's sacred, I guess.
Hahah how annoyed of me are you right now 
thingsthatbotherme Ignorance and Arrogance.
At the same time.
good guess.
Nice pick for the late rounds.
there's different sections tho if it's like that then I got mg hopefully
Dude this is stupid , I can't sleep !
Followers, hello.c:
RT : So far so good!
Thanks RT : Hope everyone has a great day!
Can't wait to see the dictator tomm.
Love the interactive polling at libtablet!
I must say that I've never taught this way or is it used in my elem school.
I just like the concept at this point.
At this bby shower rite now
Growth and progress RT : Far from what I once was but not yet what I am going to be
bout ten bucks at Walmart.
3words: I'm so blessed
Game of Scones: Baked Goods Bribery and Correlated Grading Practices in Graduate Seminars
Haven't worked out in a few days, time to start on it right now.
South Milwaukee Trick or Treat Sunday October 30th 2PM to 4PM
Wow!
Kate it was raining.Wasn't it?
How did you manage?
This is Great.
Keep it up!
Keep on running!
Have a great evening!
Students take OL courses for convenience but without technology professorciency  what to do?
Beware the ides of March.
But like seriously, thats real.
See I lost a few followers, must have been something I posted!
chelseafc I believe in Roberto De Matteo
i heard somebody say once...
being first is almost like being wrong!!!
Who likes baseball?
Unknown Hinson tomorrow night W.unknownhinson.com
WATCH: Did George Carlin Predict Occupy Wall Street?
huff.to/qQVktb via
I'll check it out I'm still waiting for you to start ur blog again
I aint god but I'll pretend..I ain't Start your life but I'll bring it to a end
can i get a follow or a RT from the guy who does the best impressions?!
U guys keep me sane during the day w/ ur twitter updates
Jonny don't play well with others.
I just don't.
Sorry.
:
A big thank you to everyone who counts and a big fuck you to the rest!
I kinda hope its hot today!
I don't get it!
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs less.
Brendan Francis, Playboy, 1985
Thank you :
Still ain't copped that MaxPayne3 I'm slackin
Just got back from watching my son play..
Lost by 2, he played well but had a BAD turnover late..
and charge less for the other quarters?
How about a show?
Or even a mob tour  those are so fun!
Can't wait 2c this weekend, I love Cameron Diaz:
Thank you Nancie...love you!
The first act is in my editor's hands right now.
I hate this part.
I need a big vacation
if you wanna ban gay marriage they you gotta stone your kids.
I'm cool with that law.
Minnesota Autos for sale everyone is approved for financing with job.
Need a vehicle contact me.
FF Learning pros helping others get
And I thought I was the only one!
Greetings, kindoctord soul!
I'm having serious JackBauer withdoctorwls : DAMMIT!!
6HOURS till boyfriend !!
So psyched!!!
on a sticker making binge right now
SOLD OUT!
of Sylvia has a Problem limited edition skateboard by
glad to be following.
Bye bye baton rouge :
Thingsthatturnmeoff people wit no sense of adventure
Fan in the beginning is just awesome!
nibble nibble nibble
I actually had on one of those in Ultima Online...
can't wait for the Q in less than an hour!
Mixed messages from weather alerts.
Now theres a tornado warning, now there isnt.
My head is spinning like a funnel cloud.
I just need a bad chick to be behind me I got every thing else
SENIORS receive add'l 25 discount off entire thrift shop purchase Thursday, May 3, from 103 pm  must be at least 65yrs young!
Thucydides We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
when the brewers pitchers go south they really go down quick
My cabbie this morning found out I was going to MN, and when I asked if he'd been, he said, Of course, I'm from Somalia.
Does anyone have a killer carrot cake cupcake  cream cheese frosting recipe ?
Loved being with you all!
Just had a great workshop with on conflict management.
Girl in the bunk below me is fapping.
The bunk is a'rocking.
Its been a great experience!
Thanks for the FFs!
Im the glue between the IT enterprise and clinical leadership...that's all the news fit to print.
For a journalism workshop I'm doing: best interviewing advice and whatIloveaboutjournalism.
Thanks!
A lamp in my and my sister's hotel room kinda blew up into flames earlier.
Now we have Godiva chocolates and a bottle of wine.
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
16
Email from Friends of Patterson Park's heading reads, Battle against obesity canceled.
I guess we didn't stand a chance.
: I'm not as excited for prom but I want all the seniors I'm going with to have a blast : make sure u put out.
: interesting show....um.
is that what ppl fro.
Tampa call themselves?
Tampons?oh yah, full blooded too.
Lol
My ipod is completely donzo
Tanning weather :
I have a princess, in fact I have a Pink Princess and her name is Ariana Grande
Greys's Anatomy!!!
Being that its nice out ima face a L to the neck and stare at the sun .
Which reminds me  Noel wanted one that says PHd in rhinestones commencement.
I'll have to get you the files...
Do YouTube show following my teenage cancer life?
Getting mostly positive feedback so it just may happen
....Unions broadly and working people in gen.
should not be expected to take all the hits in the economy.
we are down there at 5 and would love to sell you tickets.
Call 206 816 5648
Thinking about a vacation their.
Flying time is extreme though, I'll text you about it.
...rolled one up....bout to light it up....bout to go to work high as fuck...
Harry Potter and the Deathly Smurfs  Harry must battle He Who Must Not Be Smurfed and save everyone from turning blue.
Considering the fact that I have very little idea of how to use ANY sewing machine, I am a bit stumped at where to start...
Must win for the Knicks tonight!
Gotta put some pressure on Miami!
Good looking newsletter my friend
Research and Markets: Power Wheelchair Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
How about that Jeff Foster retiring after his 13 season......PacerFans the last living legend images the squad
thoughtsduringschool when will I ever use this crap in my life
Good luck to you too Larissa!
I'm eating cake and doctornking tequila!
he know that it be a wrap when I'm ridin it from the back
Restart time and stop the clocks.
Remove authority, disappate the cops.
Do nothing wrong, what is right?
Every born man get up to fight!
oh wow...
good luck to both of you!!
No, Dick Bremer, you're not making us feel better about the Twins by saying repeatedly how bad the Angels are faring by comparison
What's new?
Has anyone started school yet?
oh bryan, your like an old person when it comes to technology
re writing: Jesus.
Re bdsm: Mom's know there are romance novels that cover that too right?
Good Morning, Lady.
Im up eating some chicken spaghetti right now.
Thanks sweetie
lmfao.
I'm a sarcastic asshole.
Haha  sorry I didn't text you back I fell asleep.
cute kid in my building.....
Not yet.
flounders blow the whistle!!!!
ARE YOU SERIOUUS!
Agreed.
This one person obviously was having a bad day.
I don't deserve to be on the receiving end of that.
Also, dubbythe1 is doctorving from PA.
and will be there, too.
doctoramweaver just erased 2 hours worth of work, even though i saved the files every 5 minutes.
Actually it erased 2 folders.
Blah :
I love you, I love you, oh, and I love you.
I hate mixed signals.
Like the difference between indifference and disdain .
Games are 1 way that museums are engaging visitors socially.
C.f.
online survey
would be greatly appreciated!
it's hollibenfield04 :
RT : If you like ribs you should give Twin Anchors a try.
Probably the best ribs and bbq sauce I've had.
So, a month ago, Iowa didn't matter.
But now, the mistake there might have made the difference.
Good call; that looks nice.
Got as far as Dutch 809 but it was getting a little too whimsical or chintzy or something
thanks for the tip  will pick it up!
Talkin on the phone as always with my husband :
it's good to have realizations.
like the one that tells you that you've been studying music for over 14 years  you know how to identify it.
Let Crosby play or he will tell.
We are pushing closer and closer to v1 launch!
Expect more info in the coming days!
Praying for you !!
You stay strong!
The Weddle family loves you
lol cool, I'm just reading your tweets, they are so amazing I love them!!!
3 hour ride to pennsylvania
Who am I kidding.
I love them all on
Will everyone stop being so freaking awesome so I could go home sober at least one night this week!
It's getting heated in here folks!
Are you tuned in?
Sen.
Durbin is digging deep.
I in research for help to safe my daughter, If you know are have any idea what can be done read my next step on kristy symptoms.
First day of training at Native Foods Cafe!
I'm a harsh person lol
Thanks for the retweet!!
I'm tweeting man  I'm taking pics at this show Lmao.....j/k....I'm ready to laugh!
I love samples, best music!
RT : Can't sleep with the 70's soul channel on bc i keep hearing samples i can use or have been used
Does anyone know what's the easiest way to start a tea business, so that I can just stay home and doctornk tea?!
oh..haha ok: wat tweet were u tryin to reply to?
Pretty amazing what we've been able to accomplish across the world in a few generations, isn't it?
We will DM all winners after the party.
RT : KEEP VOTING KEEP VOTING 4 HEART ATTACK  SO HE CAN STAY 1 ON 106 amp; PARK COUNTDOWN
KIRBBB come to me :
Batting cages with and Shane mudd
Very fun!
RT : Calling all Pinners!
Just created a Banner Brunch 2012 board so be sure to pin your photos tomorrow!
Cubs lost, but we have our friends, our Old Style, our Wrigley and our city...
Somebody try beating THAT.
i was next to a river yesterday watching fish jump.
happy summer is almost here!
Yes!
Whats your work email?
I need to communicate
ha, amen.
has the best presentation period Wish you did picture in picture for all sports!
Especially what u did with commercials
we NEED an album from Make this happen....please
I'm still on a look out for that hair.
is an entertainer.
Great job on TheVoice  Red River Blue.
Blake's hot wife NowPlaying on
nice view, huh?
Make sure y'all tune into the show tonight unique n athenia talkin about apps
Congrats on the funding, that's awesome!
at the end of Q1, Jam down 2117..
Bakersfield shot 36 from the field
Good fucking mooning people
TWEET And Tell Them You Want On It !!!!!
check out latest radio ad on FB page
pretty please follow??
I'm into you 3
In da barber shop tryna get fresh...
Feelin a lil bit hung ova.
Otherwise...
Good mornin folks!
help me :
TGIF.........
can I get a AMEND
Everyone go and wish the one and only a happy birthday !
Let out all the frustrations...
RT The purest love in the world exists between a rapper and his exotic fish tank.
What's up with the masn broadcast today?
Didn't know I switched to directv and their awful broadcast?
I never ask for a perfect relationship.All I want is a simple one.
a person who will stay with me until the end of my journey
me personallyi dont like questioning anything that I do in every aspect of my life but honestly in my opinion u r great  both ;
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong.
The amount of work is the same.
Carlos Castaneda
Wow...today marks 6 years since you have passed.
RIP Eddie Guerrero u r truly missed.
I had BB torch hahah..but now I have Iphone 4..and I think iphone is better So do U have msn ??
Is researching the gas shortage in Atlanta.
The doctorpping prices are proof positive that we were scammed after Hurricane IKE!
Thanks for checking out our video!
We know is going to be a beast for the
RT : Off to okc for an appointment at ou health sciences!
So ready for this day to end
RT You need to let crossoff 79 and dance on your show
Did he or did he not sing the HELL outta Etta James' I'd rather be blind.
Damn.
12!
I was 14 when I started and I'm done when I'm 18.
I would love to go there: I love cold.
I love when it's sunny but cold.
said heela good hood wings i had today
can you do an interview Thursday at 10 coffee?
gave the fans some relief, lucky13 it is.
Not taking the time to vote is something I will always regret.
Fuck North Carolina.
I don't belong here.
Quest to stop biting nails/cuticles has begun.
Rubber band is on the wrist and is in constant action.
Owwww.
RT Investors in film don't understand a solid ROI.
They only understand Sundance and Cannes.
RT : Thanks 4 coming 2 visit us we hope u had a gr8 time!
: Yes I didfood was gr8  company was awesome
I'll be out there soon.
u rock!!
Congratulations Dawgs, Outright Pac12 champs!
Saw your punk'd episode.
Priceless
Seriously?
They're rereleasing Phantom Menace?
Who the hell is gonna pay 13 to see that in 3d?
we got you covered!
Today has been sad
I think is my new favorite restaurant
hahah  same here anything for some food  lol I hate doctorving tho
do you see the possibilities?
Each day brings something  keep paying attention!
RT FF more awesome women thanks julie!!
xo
THANK U AGAIN FOR COMING TOO WEST PALM BEACH
did you guys ever find to party?
She's awesome!
Unexpected bschool bonus 4: Hot Indian Chicks.
pooper scooping my yard while Jake is doing the Lord's work in Guatemala.
: Well, this is only one of the greatest NFL games ever played.
4 lead changes in final 4 minutes 49ers Saints FTW!
Missouri softball team completes sweep of Iowa State  Columbia Missourian
Sitting in the lobby of the Standard watching people pump out of the rotating doors!
Didn't intend on it but its so amusing!
I love The Beatles.
I really do.
But it's really annoying that I can't listen to them through only one earphone.
I mean, even they hated it.
is on a quest for the perfect jeans
We're everywhere.
;
Mine are like 's It's preprogrammed and will change as needed.
I never touch it.
lol
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
That's kind of what I'm guessing as well.
Y'all look so hot after that shoot out scene
Arguments against cutting small NC Comm colleges.
Don't cut colleges share administration.
Everyone is a dean or a VP.Don
you should do a review on us!
:
I don't smoke pot but I would still like the bong Marty used in Cabin In The Woods.
I will also accept in general.
Hes so cute.
The 2013 DeMarini M2M BBCOR!
They say it's the love child of Rambo and Wonderwoman...
You can't go wrong with that!
Get it now!...
Looking for some cultural advice here.
If you run out of spring roll is it ok to eat the peanut sauce straight?
rt You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
Summer is so close, I can't wait.
So what are some of the best courses online for internet marketing, SM, SEO, PPC, affiliate marketing, etc...
RT : Thanks for joining our Exploring Engagement Fund webinar today.
We will post the recording tomorrow on our website.
Bouta go play basketball :D yayy I havent done this ina while .
Thanks for the retweet.
My lower back feels better already.
:
liquor mart and sushi?
Mourning the passing of DavyJones.
Many an afterschool afternoon was spent with The Monkees, Daydoctoram Believing about being in a band.
Everyone's tweeting like they're a gangster tonight
Dallas and Cowboys get trending topics, but no Green Bay or Packers.
Sons of bitches!
Orlando doesn't have enough magic to win against the Bucks tonight!
Support your team at home at 9 p.m.
FF : I'm happy to follow u back :
Like a kid on a bed i could jump for joy all day :
miss you too.
Just let me knowww :
just unboxed my audiocubes.
can't wait to give them a try!
Apology accepted..!
haha you baztard, ..I know ya just doin ya damn thang.
Thank you man for puttin a lil shine on our team
how was last nite ladies ?!
sorry I had to cancel : bo
Reports: Republican leadership slows Issa move to hold Holder in contempt over
screw Spike Lee he's an ass Knicks fans haven't had anything in years why worry about them now
Let me put this to the public: would you try a hamburgerflavored frozen yogurt?
Even just once so you could know what it tasted like?
excellent ideathe best of both worlds!
going to have to get me one of those...
is he still goin on about unicorns??
talkaboutbackorders : jk!!
Let's go Tigers!
: wearing my irish gpa sweater n thinkin of you
Vin Diesel Teases Two More Riddick Sequels
RT : Set your DVR's or watch live!
My mom  I will be on the tomorrow 4/25!
I love Color blocking
DEAR CROOKS  This is a bad week to be a crook in Washington DC  Its National Police Week here, 1,000's of Police Officers are in town
always accepting new members to
You've got a knack.
thanks alot you are awesome I will love to meet you RobenX
Finally out of SCHOOL :D YAYA 3
LMAO RT : For those of you who don't understand how the internet works today, I'm totally in favor of taxing the shit out of the rich.
AllStaff meeting consisted of lots of Warof1812 talk.
Installation may start in 2 weeks.
Deinstallation  painting began a few weeks ago.
naperville IL?
I just got my Museum magazine in the mail today and your name is on the cover!
You know i'll buy anything you're selling.
Sign me up for some weight loss product while you're at it.
UPCOMING SHOW: 8/11 Pittsburgh, PA  Hard Rock Cafe
Just doctorpped off the last payment for my husband's car in the mailbox.
No more car payment!!
Yeah!!
Lmao : James Harden deserves another elbow to the head 
TONIGHT....No scheduling conflicts...
MST so adjust your timezone TONIGHT getting dumb on ya eardoctorm
girls night soon?!?
Idiots Guide to the Convergence Review: new media
twitter not actually sending my friend's tweets to my phone 
Think the worker wasn't ready for the prayers out in the parking lot.
missed fox chat though.
no rush : something that can be set up later in the fall or winter.
Can discuss later.
what about when it rains?
RT Ill keep a smile on her face when no other man could, thats wat separates the alphas from betas
Character is how you treat those who can't help you
Jus woke up ugh tired af follow me tho n n ill follow bak
God doesn't give us trials He doesn't think we can handle.
Best hero movie ever avengers
Hmm Depp does sound a bit scouse now that you mention it.
Must be the rum.
;
when u make breakfast for your mom and she smiles while she chews and swallows hard.
of course Jim Joyce would have a villainous mustache
Hope you get some rest soon.
YouTube Question Of The Week: What's under your bed?
Respond with an answer!
Can't wait to share these in the video!
Thanks!
Shame.
Rather good actually!
I'm tired but don't wanna sleep.
It's national burger month.
Let the BurgerGames begin!
Only the once?
Well, if I remember correctly, you had sticker shock/basket issues at A and V.
Love the desserts.
FF Great Home Builders , , ,
you're very welcome Sarah.
Thank you for your kind words.
:
Please do another call soon!!
We're number 32175 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts.
www.reverbnation.com/caliburr
Package is the worst word in the world
the other night colleen and i were out..
and we were being negative about a guy wearing nautica ew
You talking completion ?
Total completions?
From first year starter?
Brady was 52 and Eli was 47.
No way!
Mine didn't say treat!
Did 's?
Don't people need treats too?
The Bucks face the Atlanta Hawks here in Wisconsin tonight at 8 p.m.
Go, Bucks!
All this Polo on iGot Horse POWER ' llsss
At Buffalo Wild Wings!
Believe it or not!
WOO!!!!!!!
hahahah!
and they dont have twitters....
losers!
Ans: Yellowstone National Park was established in 1872 under President Ulysses S.
Grant.
T.v.
i meant
My pleasure!
Hoping that now the semester has ended, I'll be able to make futrchat sessions this summer.
I loved Garret's glasses!
I enjoyed your piece in I can't even imagine writing something about my father passing.
ha yeah I saw the ad in the magazine.
Wish we could jump on one of those shows.
U guys crush it down here
and Jesse 3333
i've been stuck at 294 followers  i gain some but then loose others!!
FTW
Yeah, everyone is retired for the night, Celtics just took my wind out.
I'll see you at 830 breakfast
Twitter trouble oh brother...oh wait...
good night!
thanks for coming and being the badass that you are
Rangers game commentary  haha!
RT Thats a mexican play right there.
notracist they are mexican!
Thanks for listening!
Time for some horror movies!!!
Or maybe just watchin the latest Bones and Glee...
Either way...
:P
Just started a fire with just a spark and off bug spray.
Doing some homework and studying for my Midterm tomorrow.
Just a friendly reminder that all Facebook apps will need secure access starting tomorrow.
Escape to show this weekend  see ,  perform live on Virtual Opry Stage.
Doors at 4:30PM
Hey Sweet!
Don't have cable so can't watch the game.
But judging from the box score, the Flyers decided to rest their players tonight.
All of them.
Lol omg carlee n Thomas all over my TL hella flirting n sht.
Like damn !
We can absolutely get it trending!
How about SAWedWknd?
you down with our hashtag?
If it ain't food channel it ain't worth watching.
I'm known for taking what I deserve, and you're overdue
fridayreads April Lady by Georgette Heyer
Read it
Meek mills 2chain coldest rappers
I'm mad this Lucas kid was lighting us up.
Someone needs to put a bounty on him lol
Having a Superbowl party?
We have football sugar cookies and NY Giant and New England Patriot cupcakes!
Place your orders early!
I love New Orleans and love what you are doing!
Howard Homecoming KickOff Party 911 F.
St NW DC LADIES 21FREE B4 12 KATIE'S List TXT names of u  ur guests to: 7034073810
Christian Louboutin to Launch Beauty Line in 2013!!!
gah!
had to make a new twitter cuhss i forgot my oldd login!
hehe oops ;o but im back!
;D
I only don't like one song: Synthesia or w/e lol.
Makes me feel like I'm on acid.
How u been?
Glad to be back in kc.
Now gotta figure out where to live.
Any ideas?
Come Check out Joe Cheeta's Game Show at Jumper's Junction tonight in Washington, PA tonight 11311 from 7pm.
Fun chatting, glad to know you  thanks for coming up for the event!
cc
Finally cleaned out my old fs...now i gotta wait for a ride home
Are you planning to doctorp an Album or a Song?
We make sure that all leaks disappear and we keep monitoring your work for potential violations
yes most def :
is retweeting people so I thought I'd tweet them.
tweet Go check their music out!
I work so much better on desktops, I think I'm just going to get me a iMac eventually.
I sent that email
I'm cracking up at your use of  
would you buy a doctorne / to walk your kid / to school  clearly middleperiod radiohead lyrics
..you are missed
I am Steve O
I wish there was a Spus game to go to today, oh well!
:
AUSTIN GETS HIS BRACES OFF TODAY!!!!!
I'm on that proud mother status right now.
:'
NEW: 10 Laptops also available for ease of Medical professorssionals bedside/office charting.
See website for details.
on MY WAY MS 
based on women's physical capabilities.
what's your paper on.
Give me a question
Why people sit behind homeplate and act like a jackass!!
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
hahah yeahh your so funny.....
no wait i was only laughing at your face...
yeah FUCK YOU
7 am waking up in the morning gotta hit snooze so I can go back to sleep
Up late doing work!
Day two of Winter Film Awardsthe party continues at Skyroom, happening right now!!
FF Tactics: War of the Lions
Aw rats!!
If anything bad happens here in the past due to the 13th, I'll be sure to let you know.
It's 1:30 and ur still txting me...I'm not answering
Thanks!
Aloha from L.A.
:
In the garage?
Never rent to family!
And some guy sniffing his new dictionary....Buffalo you amaze me daily.
its gne be hard for you to get up at 9 every morning...
Cus you gone over sleep
we don't cop pleas in the street...
i cop pleas w/ the judicial system...
cudnt let them crackers play w/ my life...
Sewing my doctorss for tomorrow
Does the word innovation mean anything anymore?
Seems like people just add it to any sentence when they need a hip, positive descriptor.
Wait, did really tweet that?
So very much dumber than advertised.
I'll shave my pubes bare if Tiger when this somehow...
Come  Enjoy Our Great New  Healthy Himalayan Lunch Menu  Only 6.95!
I love you besides Jamie Laou 3
Oh my god I can actually feel the overheating that's gonna take place tomorrow
So happy to be in Augusta GA.!!!
With my babe face
pretty sure i've had fever all day today.
it's doing something to my brain.
Way to go bruins and mavs!
Thanks for the follow TedXPQ.
Would love to present some day.
Can share past present.
vidz as examples.
Excited 4 oct event
The average human will eat one pound of insects in their lifetime
RT Thanks for taking a needed step to reduce overuse of antibiotics in food animals, more work remains.
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY!
DOUBLE POINTS from 811PM!
Designing Women, Golden Girls  Will and Grace on the Big Screen Tonight!
Giddy UP!
Thanks  Zoe Barofsky has organized a team of librarians to support the students' eventual course projects
OMG TWITTER.
Tough Love is back on VH1?
Why didn't anyone tell me?!?!?!
The best way to end my birthday is new episode of walking dead
how did that convo go before social media existed?
hey its me mary, please follow me back celene.
Destressing at home.
So nice!
my pleasure.
I enjoyed your article.
Definitely a topic ppl should think more about
What a good deal then a holiday package that cost 75 for only 40!
As a person who's in an interracial marriage, am very proud of
learn to laugh at yourself when you do something ridiculously embarrassing.
Life's too short not to.
hey are we still getting pay videos?
got some inspiration from riding on the bus.
YOU'RE A JERK!
D': MyManCrushJustDeniedMe And don't even say I know cause thats like the stupidest comeback ever
would love to speak to anyone at nationally or regionally about why my client just called me in tears.
Suggestions?

Belated Happy New Year's to you both.
May this year shower you with a bounty of blessings and fun surprises!
Since 2002, the Ravens have not scored a meaningful TD against the Colts.
8 straight games  losses.
and yet, Ed Reed ...
why : It's WeaveWednesday  Stars4Trayvon Day!
Please join The Family of Trayvon Martin
You can park your airplane in your garage!
The Terrafugia Transition can be flown as an airplane or doctorven as a car.
Wings fold in seconds!
RT : Indie brands run by cool people 
Thank you for the mention!
Nice to meet you on Twitter!
For school we have to do this essay contest which sucks but it's gonna be entered to win a hundoctord dollars so I'm actually gonna try.
:
Still going.
My current distance is 1.77 miles.
Current song is Wherever I May Roam  Metallica
The mean streets of Manila have met their match.
isn't packing heat.
She's packing wind.
.' question to orgs: How big can your social customer service team get before you fix the root problems?
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
We the best
Now isn't that something!?
Private party later.
Helping Val with videos and pics!
Press pass!
Yupp!
Just sent a direct message.
Thanks for the RT's!
WHY DOES JONNY KEEP SAYING SWAG?
PLEASE.
STOP.
Spilled an entire glass of red wine on someone else's carpet.
Dear baby Jesus, please help me get it out  let's have a Christmas miracle.
I was checked out on trueblood after last season, but came back b/c it was summer and I was bored.
It has been quite awesome.
I just started a new Facebook page.
I plan to populate it with ideas and conversations about change.
I'd appreciate it if you'd visit it an
Hear your candidates for ASUP Exec.
Board 1112 tonight in Mago Hunt  8pm!
Door prizes worth 25 and food!
Ran out of conditioner..
can't help but think of
Friends, Romans, Countrymen, Lend Me Your Ears!
William Shakespeare died on this day in 1616 at the age of 52.
I want to thank the people from the CIA for having me down today.
I had a great time //
If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered  and have my parents to thank for it
Nano technology on a nano budget: just need a roll of scotch tape and voila, Nobel Prize!
We weren't going to say anything, but since YOU mention it...
lol seems too easy.
so ready to go home...in need of family time bad :
I shall observe the oil problem this evening after America Has Got Talent.
I hope that we can beat them to it, not literally, but figuratively, I think that you know what I meant.
I can't get past A Feast for Crows I don't care about the prophet.
I learn a lot from the TV.
I dont understand the bad economy.
Why doesnt the economy do like me and try to be good?
can u plezz follow me and give me a shout out : i luv ur tweets 3
people like you deserve so much more than what you're getting.
ya'll deserve nothing more than a very happy life.
it'll come someday: 3
RT : Happy soontobe mothers day.
Were reminiscing about story time.
Whats your favorite memory of readingwithmom?
Thanks for the plug!
Don't have a pet?
We now offer House Sitting!
Need someone to watch your house while you are away?
Visit www.lepooch.net for more info!
You are perfection.
CHECK OUT THE BOOM BOOM ROOM!
www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com
Fwd: I missed u..
No kidding!
So sad, but all good things must come to an end right?
Is that what Nathan did?
Lol
First professorssional tweet.
Oh goodness.
thank you for following us!
BGE customer service was really nice!
I like when cust serv doesn't hassle you.
Can we just fast forward to this time next week for the start of 'What Would Jage Do' time?
Are we EVER going to see Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie?
If we can bring the series back to 90sareAllThat why not, amirite?
BUT I might give away a slightly damaged signed ATL poster from the DW tour.
U gotta look at me when u givin me head baby.that way I know ur not thinkin bout ur husband....
Fill in the blank: The key to keeping a New Years resolution is .
Unsubscribe please.
Welcome to Tuesday..
oh wow..that is a long journey.
Users who google for comcast.net or other websites.
Hilariously depressing.
from Bob in Md  you need to go to Monty's in Lakewood Ranch baybeee!
yes i will.
its not fair.
I saw this lady at Walmart wearing a shirt that said UNDERWEAR on the back of her shirt....
Huh???
pretty good, wbu?
Looking to diet?
Try a foot detox before you start www.mosthelpfulhour.com
has Herman's Head been mentioned yet?
moment to moment choices to accept balance in life; to be mindful; to practice centering
YES!
Thank you!
I'm cosigning your Stop Breathing Into The Mic, Mike Lombardi bill.
I got this doctornk in my cup....coffee that is
did u meet victor cruz in pk last night??
The state of Ky will offically close in about an hour and a half.
Gym time
Im stuck wit the man in the mirror!
I like the part where advice is given on getting away with exposing partial buttocks in Whatcom County!
Irish Special was my nickname at Indiana
4 males pushed me out of the way so they could grab the last seat on the metro...chivalry goes out the door
tell Clark I said haaiiii 
Book read, now just need to write last book review of the year.
Rev'd 8 books in the last yearmight take a little break after this.
Busy day at the Fishers Barbershop!
Thanks You'll have to plan a trip up.
If only there was highspeedoctoril CHI to MPLS!
Clinicians not far behind....many are looking to the example set by in area of wgs
tell me about it, we just bought 15 of them!
did he just say 'craig's list dancers'?
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithSwag The Swag Games.
That sucks.
You gotta see The Avengers ASAP though.
Without humor, life is boring.
Without love, life is hopeless.
Without courage, life is hard.
Like Bonnie and Clyde, just you and me from now on....
Just held the Lange book at my library per your recommendation..
Enter to win dinner with Barack Has it really come to this?
If you prefer humorous questions please feel free to join the Facebook Discussions with Been There, Done That!,
Im afraid that once austin gets there and stays for the 3 months that he is gonna end up staying there for like a year.
Omg i would cry.
In reality, cap was an artificial limit on one of the most successful redevelopment areas in the state  the US for that matter
Creativity is the product of time wastedEinstien paraphrased by
Happy First Day of Spring, followers!
What are you looking forward to doing most this season?
Keep changing the world one day at a time YaY
Houston, we have a conference: follow and use hashtag TXLA12 to monitor the hilarious escapades.
My TLA schedule, next tweet....
75 off all poker products!!
www.eproducts4less.biz
: sounds good to me!
I invent celebrations to justify those trips for just myself ha!
Ha!
Thanks!
And yes, I heard you loving it.
It was quite distinct.
Idk but everyone's talking about kony2012 don't even know who he is
I got one if you need him
Sweaty uh
That's really well said.
Thanks for passing it on.
Did you move already or still in CO?
Free till 1!
Anyone who follows my blog on an RSS feed should remove it.
I deleted that blog months ago and it's been taken over by a spambot.
The greatgreatgreatgrandnephew of Napoleon, JeanChristophe, works at Morgan Stanley.
Theres not a huge diff between Napoleon and MS.
I literally just unfollowed you earlier but after that now I have to follow you again.
I don't think other towns have anything like ronroberts or Heidi...
too bad I'm better at hunting than you
Saw Hochata made with brown rice at the store the other day.
Now we know u can use brn rice!
RT : Have found Donald Trumps birth certificate.
He was born in HI, but before it was a state.
this is getting complicated.
Nice shot!
I love Instagram.
April fools!
Follow me love?
:
le cries because im not from LA  wasnt invited to the listening party for Paradise
If Richardson had kicked the shit out that sick high school girl instead of taken her to the prom, Jim Brown would have him 1 on his board
I have two acting styles: with and without a horse.
Robert Mitchum
Tip  read your lease so you don't sign a new one and consequently have 2 apartments for 3 months
Loving my new iPad.
New screen is a good enough reason for me to upgrade
Lol!!
Invite me over when he does.
;
Hello wind!
What a nice fall day no winter?
Tired as fuckkkkkk ,
Yeah Assad will not continue...wish he'd give up sooner than later
DANIEL I HAD TO DELETE MY PERSONAL ACCOUNT :'I share this account with others.U better follow back fool kenn
that sounds like such a healthy and delightful dinner :p
lol it's fine haha I love it !!
yeah, but can jet packs pull nails out of wood?
just sayin.
Heading to CrossFit to put work in!
I've been away for 4 days!
Hopefully I don't lose it out there today!
Ha!
Pray for me!
Good!
I'm so proud :
GOP has no credibility on foreign policy b/c Bush/Iraq, no credibility on economy b/c Bush/Crash.
No one cares what they say.
Do you ever purchase untested edibles?
Why or why not?
RT : Anyone who tweets anything UFBrelated this week, use the ufbfourparties hashtag!
I just ate so much
I've been a bad tweeter.
I have not tweeted anything for 5mo.
I need to be punished.
hey girl what's the word on the street for tonite
basketball knowledge is severely lacking
Thank god Garrett doesn't have a timeout.
Snowflake 5K at Shelby Bottoms will be complete with Santa and gigantic bling winner medals!
no sleep last night....our little man had a rough go.
Coffee coffee coffee Off to finish my resume and start on some apps
don't be getting a morning DWI on a scooter!
If your dog is not cool w/other dogs, please don't take them to the dog park.
If my 80lb bulldog can behave himself, so can your lil' brat!
sorry, that was me
Mongoose Sunday?
Maybe.
Today I saw a 7th grader that had more makeup on than some people that go to high school.
That's just wrong
oh really?!
That's cool I wanna read it when u done!
why do you, a girl, own Old Spice?
Do u bring homeless men in and scrub'em up?
Thank you for the free test!
Free is always good.
this is what we do
Laundoctor day...
LMN here I come
2 more week till the MPP opens and i can get myself a tan.
due to the special material it's made from!
But idk about all that I'd rather a bulky phone n it may be a phony
Ugh I hate spell check Fanny Pak
Tangent: Kevin Love is disgusting and of course gets zero recognition.
should have a Love Index, not Heat Index.
PRETTY!!
Nicely done.
Who installed it?
Baby we can leave, my heart is the key.
if they keep that up they have a big future in baseball.
CoreyWade was just in the Yankees pen.
Maybe he's coming in for the Orioles 8th w/ a 2 run lead.
AdamNovasry nope but I knew it was wrong :
E.
That moment where you know you're grammar school friend is flirting with you 
JoshHamilton is a beast
Swing by and check out some new music!
We have some amazing singers!
Day 47 of 100: I am thankful for learning how to change my mind.
Just because I'm listening to Tom Waits doesn't mean I want country ads.
hotcop is a HUGE understatement.
Will have to get you in front of my camera when in LA later this year :
My competitors are not adversaries  they are helpers.
The help me push past my limits.
Victor Plata
Having a ball with  Derek!!!
I agree.
I love his comments.
Can't wait to find out what happened.
A mi no me vengas con jueguitos de novela...
Hey i know u will see or hear about this so stfu and stay away from me and my friends thanks BYE b!
doctornking a Miller Lite by Miller Brewing Company.
IfIDieTomorrow I wanna thank everyone who has come into my life and STAYED : I'll always have a spot in my heart for all y'all
Support our local community health centers.
Follow for live tweeting of tonight's saveCHCs vigil.
Hey friends!
How are you all today?
Got any plans for the weekend?
Oh and if you FF us then we'll FF you back!
:
I Nvr say SMH but I totally am to that.
RT Only compete with yourself.
Cherry, you were working it out!
Love watching you jam to Tribal Energy CardioHave an awesome week.
Vincent is always having fun, I swear.
About to go watch Les Miserables!!
Soo excited!!!!
I'd love to!
Wed I work at noon, but am free prior,  Fri I'm off, so i'm 100 free.
Let me know what's best for you two!
try to forget that show actually happened...that and the Magic Hour
OkCupid men who live in Woodbridge, stop bothering to me to have a doctornk...I do not want to go to there.
a little girl jus came up to me and said THANK U 4SERVING OUR COUNTRY.i said UR WELCOME SWEETHEART
RT is being featured on Living Social today.
1/2 price Pedicure
: Sad...
No chicks dj'in.
PER USUAL bro'z b4 ho'z DJ Ivy June 14th!
trains planes and automobiles !
How are you?
CuBoulder is up about 300 since I was a student there
thank god your black!
I do know that, and I might need u to send me your addoctorss.
: : when I was really young someone told me Biggie died cos he ate too much fast food got stuck in a car das Fuckd up LOL
today feels good..i swear to god if someone messes it up..
won't eat my cereal cause it's too healthy  we only have skim milk...lol
Which is exactly why she wont pick him RT Ames, you have a Hallmark card personality.
just listened to you on your soundcloud.
Very impressive, good job.
Sincerely
follow 4 follow?
if not sorry!
Free promotion site on my professorle if u need hits to your likes, follows, 1, views
yep ran into another one of his love childoctorn at a bar and i was all like What in the Wide World of McRichardWhitman
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in the united states.
In case I'm not there, I go to work.
Music wine food awesome
AWESOME name!!
following you now:
Curious to check out Will ppl really watch full video ads looking for floating  codes that yield coupons and payoffs?
Good game, Texas!
You'll get the next one.
We believe in you!
Who!
I'm watching Leno.
I wish he would reach through my TV and slap my hand.
Yup!
I think its about that time
RT : Special campaign shout out to and Much love and many thanks.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
be on your best behavior.
Cause I won't be.
We never change until the pain becomes greater than the fear of change.
Via // Thoughts?
Some folks live in mediocrity because they are afraid of success.
PEOPLE PLEASE FOLLOW PLEASE HE HAS TO GET ALPT O FOLLOWERS TO B A TWITTER STAR!!
we're still busy murdering the higher power that stopped us from hitting up your area.
we'll be painting your town red soon
i will enter you contest for ariana grande
Shaken baby syndoctorme is a severe form of child abuse caused by violently shaking an infant or young child
i had a doctoram that devin broke my ride playing my doctorms and didnt tell me untill the show started.
SWEET.
skylar
Yet another reason I like you.
Fiona Apple was a favorite during my depressed law school years.
Need to hear new stuff.
Check your arch photog contract ours won't even allow consultants to use without consent.
It's not that I dislike Pinterest, it's that the legal considerations give me a massive headache.
Pura Vida  nice article!
It's a beautiful country  it just has become a bit too commercial over the years for my taste
Going to the library on a Saturday on Cinco de Mayo should be illegal.
Nobody notices mikayla ?
SADTWEET!
I just sit in the corner all ALONE like ohh, look a penny.
:/  listen to 's music.
3
Im not adope house u cant trap me muffucka
Calling it quits for the day.
Site is almost there.
4 major pages to go, 4 periphery.
I can get that finished by Tues, right?
That is the Wisconsin Curse.
It's really weird reading the revised version of Stephen King's The Gunslinger.
It's like reading a brand new book.
He added a LOT.
I'm glad cats aren't taking the full 10 minutes this year...I need need to fast forward to pick 22!
LOTS of new updates on our site including information about our June tournament  Training Camp!
Make sure to stop by  check it out!...
yelling at black people on twitter isn't a job, bro.
Blocked from a philosophy channel on YouTube.
The worst I ever did was suggest the maker of the videos sounded like a cult leader.
Heh.
I swear it smells like burgers in here...dang you Stack'd and your delicious grilled hamburgers wafting into the HVAC!
If what they tell me suits my body, great
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW HE'S AWESOME SEXUAL !!!
I Still Remember When I First Saw Her She Was In The Line Up I Was The Witness
I cannot wait to see Disney's Brave!
BullsNation it's game day!
That last bloody mary was extra virgin...
It was just a tomato.
I may have wandered down to the farmers market.
I started researching and got all of my information from HubSpot
There's just one life to live, and there's no time to waste.
Oh time change.
I feel you.
Waking up to shoot w/
RT : Teargas in our house, in my childoctorn's lungs
Also, if any of you who have a lot of followers could maybe get people to follow us that would be awesome.
I feel lame having 28 followers
haha ill let him know
ya I don't club much myself either.
Every now and then I do.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste MLK
that only means one thing to me!!!
Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia..,
So, now every tweet I see from , I will read in his voice.
OMG best follow idea EVER!
the mohawks the mohawks they're still out there in the woods
: Just booked what might be the last friend bachelor party of my career.
Jan 1315, get ready, Scottsdale, Arizona.
invited?
all are good in the phillies rotation.
But we got good hitters
no body is jealous, its an opinion coming from another mahomie.
Key to m learning development.
Create the smallest possible modules.
With minimized interactivity.
I almost think the Astros need to turn heel to sell the rivalry.
Oh no!!
That is you that has this unfollow thing.
Good to hear from you again.
thanks.
I did.
Perfect night for four miles.
Cookies  Awesomeness!
Ha Is that a word?!?!
; 
the MAGIC IS CLICKING...just listen close..K?
About to watch Obama's speech on KOIN!
You should tune in!
Just left Rick's Cafe in Casablanca, Morocco.
Here's looking at you kid.
Do you want to know how to get the real inside details about a home,including the taxes,how much the owner bought it for,etc.
7022457227
I'll be on pottermore while all of you are at school
the same thing happened for Arcade Fire last year.
This is not surprising.
let's do it up haha shots shots shots!!!!.....
I know a few of the BBNFam would like to see me on nerve pills during most games!
Lol
Change of plans.
House show.
2548 W.
GIRARD AVE.
Free beer, music, company.
All are welcome.
Text me if you have probs.
4844290149.
They just be grabbing my attention lol I mean Idk why though
Hey Chicago theatre peeps, follow , chicago talent extraordinaire!
cool!
We see it tomorrow for another event.
We should go back later and take the red heads!!
WTH is with the selective tweets coming through!
I wanna talk with Alice Twitter!
When are you graduating!?
2 hourss!!!
bro its 3.03am here in australia im njot waiting till 5 babe make it now 3 the sooner the better follow back xx
hahahaha!!
I know he will!
But it's his birthday so you need to give him something he likes!
;
Amazing love, how can it be, that you my king would die for me?
Chris Tomlin
are you saying this is distinct from the 'extra chapters' which are in the apocrypha?
Running out of tolit paper
idk what's good?
What hypocrites.
Fucking whores.
Without awareness there is no apparent reason for change, without commitment there is little chance of it and without passion why bother!
De Graaf: Money is a factor in happiness  up until about 75,000 for a family, Once basic needs are met, it plateaus.
lol well thats great then and nope been spelling it wrong all seaon
Just doctorpped my phone from the third floor.
thankyou otterbox.
Michael Jordan lost 2 games of HORSE?
find out to who herewww.ussportpspages.com
she likes too give rim jobs.
Jeremy changed his name xP
Just finished watching Exit Through the Gift Shop.
Best documentary I've seen since This is Spinal Tap.
I wish!!
My kids don't want to go and neither does the husband.
I'm cast adoctorft.
The african ego am voting 4 ur song i like what u ar doing m3n.
Based on its upfront talking points, it looks like recent ABC entries GCB and Don't Trust the B in Apartment 23 could be back.
erl12 cost per use compared within a single package so costs look really high
FACT: Medicaid offers essential health coverage for nearly 60 million of the most vulnerable Americanshalf of them childoctorn.
Isupport the lowering of morals on fridays at fuckOclock
Reverend Charlie Cox is backstage watching Steen.
He mentions that Steen appears to be going a little rogue on the Sons of Anarchy.
All my exes live in Texas.
See You at Heard Em Say Final qualifier slam!
I need food.
pronto.
I like that Slayer's singer called out Metallica for trying to be cool.
Too many bands get away with below average music these days.
: Christians how long are we going to forsake our holiness for the sake of entertainment?
new house and new guitar
Paczki or king cake?
My hubby got the baby in our king cake...
lame!
Spent a year with no head, not a care in the world, I felt fine
you are so doctormatic.
Pretty good.
No matter what though, God is good and He's always for me.
: Have an inspired day today and be blessed.
A dog almost bit my hand off for a piece of popcorn
A lot of sun and fun
Pastel.
Pastel everywhere.
I've forgotten how much work marcom can be.
For those who follow you know its my most favorite topic :
Just joined.
great meal in lil' Italy.
Hope your workshop went well.
Bro hell of a night ;
Knees: stiff knee pain when bending and straightening
Hello, Friday!
Time to do some of the stuff I want to do.
What will you all be doing with your weekend?
Getting organized love It.
should bring out the new season of good vibes and bring back the show skins
album releases 7 days before my birthday....
I guess I just don't understand why so many old men care about what I do with my uterus this year.
U should realize by now that I'm not going to express my feeling about what MJ said.
So naturally I will turn the convo away
Don't say that!
I though for sure a World Series without snow this year.
Is there whiskey in a Manhattan?
Of course there is, and they are mighty tasty at Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N.
High St., Columbus
Obama wins on Sanity
No Capi just broke the only picture i had of my dad!
No!!
final round of atl style wars: pimp my bride
I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go.
Got first ever spam friend request on Facebook today.
CEO of the largest oil shipping business in the world wants to be pals.
Boy I'm finna download everything this nigga Ace Hood done made in the last 2 years, his shit be knockin now lol
Zechariah 7:10 Do not oppress the widow or the fatherless, the alien or the poor.
In your hearts do not think evil of eath other.
I just saw the Shake Weight episode of and I've never laughed so hard and been so shocked about TV before!
I need to go work out.
Wendy WIlliams mention Natalie on her show.
Sayin' she hasn't seen BAD GIRLS CLUB since Natalie Nunn.
Big Fuck U to Annie, Kate, Amber.
Reds up 20 and Lebron is going off!!
Except for Rose goin down, it's a good sports day so far!
RT : Happy Almost Year New!
Our hours are different for NYE, NY Day, and on the 2nd www.phoenixcoffee.com for details
yea I know..
Thanks for the RT: : LAVT offers accent mod services to those who wish to enhance their communication skills.
Fire dept.
Does not have any details on the injuries, just saying they are minor.
you think i can perform when i come
Groove Friday at Zocalo
There is a wreck epidemic today, evidently...
Congratulations Giants!
Hell of a
heeeyyyy I finally did the cover lol sorry for the delay I was supper busy ...
Send me a tweet when ur online ;
i hear you.
been working since 9amshould be done here in about a half hour.
Gotta work and make some money during break.
Good thing these kids love me.
And I get a free membership to Lifetime.
i kno right...
call herself tryna help somenone but slapping them in the back of the head callin them dumb  lol
We'll back you up on that!
Congrats and good luck.
Seems like everyone at Leadercast is having a blast.
It's always great to bring together so many talented people.
Love the hairdo.
But U look like you should eat a sandwich.
R U really at Norwescon?
jealous Pics, or it didn't happen.
Only if you tell me if you're a real panda RT May I ask, are you a real ginger.....
ARIES happy Birthday
Hey, are we taking your best player?
what's shakin'?
Worked last night on Silent Night, a short story in Four Mothers  Other Tales of Corbenic.
: Then my homegirl Gabby and her older sister Monique got into a serious car accident and nearly died..
the scary part..
Everything God does he does in good timing!
looking for music we can use for chair massage sessions.
no enya, panpipes, or cheesiness allowed.
good night sleep tight.
The pessimist complains about the wind; The optimist expects it to change; And the realist adjusts the sails.
Which one are you?
Al weekend.
.
Look at my picture I put on instagram!!
Oh hi there windows character map, where the hell have you been all my life!
love this rain lol
My mom is letting me stay home.
why?
bcuz it's Valentines Day....
whatever works!
:
Discussion of racial implications of Landoctoreu's appointment of Ronal Serpas as new NOPD police chief on WBOK now  1230 AM.
Sitting here ; and Travis keeps kissing me.
x
Seated for THE CABIN IN THE WOODS.
Really stoked about this one  I've been able to avoid almost everything about it.
Any time :
what about luff?
follow back??
Within the first month of having HubSpot, we were able to get a return on our investment
you have like 8 more years of that.
RT Lol no more like saying daddy a million times n a min RT : I think jigga likes to talk lol haa
I.
Can't.
Stop.
Laughing.
bleacher bar
Another day on my great quest of acquiring a license.
Paperwork still hasn't been processed.
Beautiful NeYo.
Just beautiful.
Peter Onuf does not endorse the death of colonial Virginians.
Make sure you plan for HotBox pizza Friday!
Mention Indy Reads and help us receive some of the proceeds from your sale!
TEAMNOSLEEP !
?
kidding my mom will kick my a ...
night everybody...
Dear TV manufacturers please allow me to flip between 3 channels.
we had 4 contenders.
3 of them were hampered by either a bunch of small mistakes or a big mistake.
1 didn't fall into either.
haha..Yes, God willing, I should be done Spring 13!
Whose coming to see us with Enfold Darkness and May 18th?
Thanx had great chat w n
please do!
Send a link..
Would love to see it!
Learn Chinese for the day: fire:, push:, moment:, quiet:
Good.
Invasion averted.
Excellent!
I will let my parents know.
It was pretty awesome this one was different though This crew refueled three B2 Bombers in MidAir incredible experience
oh my gosh.
that's NOT okay.
at all.
well then come to me, I have two mark and Jason :
Conversation topics at work today: pooping in a computer, clowns, crazy people with trumpets.
Live life and have fun RT if you do
You're back in town!?
:
double d!
Where have u been?
:
5ft per week...
28ft...it's going to be several weeks.
We also rate the shots with a complexity level based  of chars  what they do.
Update on Obamacare employers are going to be more in control if the Supreme Court rejects the presidents health care plans.......
Glad you could make it!
We had no idea it is Lyme Disease Awareness Month  thx for spreading the word!
they prolly kant see tryina read off them cheap ass nokia ass phones lol
I wonder if the IRS would take this sack of cocaine for payment since I have no cash.
No backsies.
Besides, we already spent the money on a sweet nitris tank coozy.
It's got our logo on it and everything.
He won the WBC title when he was 20 years, 4 months and 22 days old, after defeating Trevor Berbick by a TKO in the second round
no way!
I live in Chicago too!!!!
Hey it was nice meeting you yesterday and you totally have a twin in Chicago.
it's the best you should come.
It's a smaller firework still great!!
Making little man a twitter c: he all adorable!
GOING TO MOVIES TO SEE THINK LIKE A MAN..THEY SHOULDA CALLED IT THINK LIKE A MAN BECAUSE WE CRY LIKE EMOTIONAL BITCHES BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
PickUpLine: Sit on my lap and we'll get things straight between us.
I just may get to sleep in my bed.
I got a tip for you...don't eat egg salad if you gonna be riding the bus...sucka!!!
mister.
Porter
I don't think AnnaTorv could possibly be more gorgeous!
The men look good too.
RICHMOND, VA.
We'll be playing KINGDOM this Friday w/ Get your asses out to this show!
When You Have To Buy Another Pack Of Rellos Cause The Ones You Got Were Shitty AF 
Great workout  run!!
Now its time to watch the tourney
You'll love it :P
hey sweetie how u doin?
climax is da shit ..and thats for the follows yall are thanked i just dont be on here as much
no she isn't coming in till later she said
Not my week ....
I swear
try I Understand by Sloan  Canada's premier powerpopsters
Speaking of our soon to be recalled State Senator, we just received our first shipment of Kapanke Hankies from Hanky Kapanke 2.0 HQ
We sure have!
They love pumpkins : 
I didn't think it was possible but I think its making me love Excel even more now
No it's not!
no angel voice can make rent sound good
I won't be mad if you choose me...
do you listen to the show?
Cats cleaning cats
Possibly.
What hav U in mind?
I am very busy.
S
If I wasn't ugly I think I could be one of the top pussy getters in Miami.
How much time are you spending doing things you love?
Is it enough?
What needs to shift and change?
it was way better than the vow!
And I was hypnotized by Zac 
Headed to Vegas in a few hours!!!!!!
Creating animation for home pages
Glad to hear it, Maureen!
Thanks for choosing to taxi with us!
RT : Just had the nicest cab doctorver ever!
Thanks
awesome pic, beautiful blue sky, hopefully no photoshop edits.
first reaction  GOAL.
second reaction  No
mla12 s305 response: apparent return to form in McEwan and Hollinghurst is more of staging of historical predicament.
Missing you Grammy.
Givingline, a pay it forward app to ask for help and give help nice pitch, I get it.
I am so behind on that shown.
Think I've missed all of season 3 haha
Tuesday y Wednesday :0
Wake up.
Write.
Rinse.
Repeat.
Lots of customers visiting for tiny presents to fit into Easter eggs today!
lol.
Dangerously good
My workout varies too, stretching, weights.
Best cardio being walked by 2 dogs!
: 
my bias is Jonghyun....
but I'm a Taemint too
Thanks for including us in your FF!
Transformed CrystalCastles melody into Blondie phrase into 2nd mov't material for my Disney Princess Disasters piece.
I need to find intelligent life on another planet.
Then build a rocketship
You fuck me like you was my girlfriend.
Can you guess how many cornea transplants take place in the US each year?
; the twins mama is fine tho.
she all kinds of lusciousness.
What more can i do?
I am still painting flowers for you...........
Almost certainly just the bit that mentioned him.
But it was a good argument and even he'd agree Liz was totally right!
your right it is just a game.
Its not like people make mistakes on purpose.
How are you Niall?
:
The Pantry announces resignation of CFO Bierley
Dancing4thecure JUST IN!!!
We added Holy Spirit Cheer Demo at 3:25pm to the schedule!
One of Zef's favs is now gone!
RIP Amy Winehouse
You are aware my uncle is actually a police officer yes?
What you're doing is serious Internet violation and you
you're not alone in that struggle!
Lord...
give me the strength to not shoot myself before I finish this damn paper...
Newark's LGBT leaders take the Oath of Office as the inaugural members of the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs today 1pm City Hall Rm 215
oh yeah!!!!
Guess what?!
As the best HR College list continues we finally add, Univ of Rhode Island, Univ of WisconsinOshkosh and Univ of Tennessee.
WOOWHO!!!!!
I hate having to refer to the Wii controller as the Wiimote.
Sounds like I can't pronounce my R's.
Good morning everyone...
Happy mothers day :
Russ Smith
Thanks for the follow Olivia, hope you had a great St.
Patrick's Day, we are following back!
Just bought those greeting cards w/ postage already included.
Did I get screwed?
wake up!
am glad transport made it on the listannually it affects San Diegan's  more then City pensions.
Do u have a real issue that makes u support a particular candidate?
or do u just believe what your propagandanetwork channel/site tells u?
Oh Tia!
You were just on talking about your show.
Btw, Cree is so beautiful!
thumbs up.
I wish I was at a game instead of work events in Charlotte.
Well, not entirely true.
Just wanna be at the game.
rainy weatherpjsyoutube videos ALL day.
heck yeah
It's all good!
Just a tad annoying haha.
I'll have to change my password more often
I would think of something clever to say as a 4/20 tweet but I'm too high......
On life
I feel high, legit.
I promise I'm not, though, lmfaoooo.
DAMN.
I have to get up in like, twoish hours.
FML.
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your teammates to RT marchforbabies305 and you could win a 25 gift card to :
Niceville, Florida?
Luke Rage James.will post up and the next thing you know,he's thowin'..his fists are like two sludge hammas'
HOUSES FOR SALE TAMPA BAY FL 2725 doctorer Avenue Largo Fl 33770 VIDEO TOUR / WEBSITE http4BrHouseWithPool.com
Workout mode
So excited about the song selection for services this Sunday!
I'm trying not to judge your skirt but it's hard.
bottles are flying.
Someone go pick them up!
I'll trade ya.
oh ok
the weather is really helping my mood right now!
: I am enriched by all points of view.
SpiritualSolutions
Wow!
Heck Yeah!
I'm sure I can hook it up some how!
Do you watch NFL?
:
how'd it go?
I'm forever sad!
That was my boo boo!
:
gorgeous Jayne!
When are we going to shoot !!?
next semester will be full of them.
and next year, can you imagine?
text me omfg
im doing fine, you?
You bet, I definitely enjoyed it and found it useful.
Well done!
39;Hotel Impossible39;: TV show host lists pet peeves
YES SIR
hello everyone have been quiet of late.
Have been in the process of securing a site.
The site is near haymarket and north station.
RT : It was tons of beautiful people tonight.
I want to make you someone I'd die for.
aw thank you very much :
my mom doesn't either but I'm being careful :
Bitch you're like home depot; 5 cents a screw.
let us know what u think :
FYI  Responses to our candidate questionnaire are IN!
We'll be posting them to our website tomorrow!
Josh, you know the Mariners could use an outfielder like you..
and you are going to be a free agent after all..
hell yeah.
Only problem is car manufacturers can be professortable on 9500 cars alone.
This is a GM recipe for disaster.
Need SUVs.
that's a good marriage man.
Morning fans!
: i'll try putting the vid up today!
PSluis CHOREOGRAPHED it, created it, its not him or us dancing, its a quince dance
I miss you 
wen I Log in My Computer Crashes!
Someone's hacking it or Spamming it..
idk an I cnt Get in to the Account!!
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i think i'm outta songs!
:P i'm gonna do some BME and D12 now
awesome time last night!
Lets track down tix to twtrcon today...
Thankful For This Day ; God Will Make A Way
Wanna give a happy mothers day shout out to all the mothers I went to high school with
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 TampaClearwater Call NOW..
Weekend Special
i lost my taste .
then it came back
I know!!
I got into a fight with the basement stairs...the concrete won
California Clock Company's huge clocks celebrating their 80th anniversary.
Timeless Fun for Everyone
So ready to leave!!!
The Bike Line Broadoctorpple will be having a group ride this monday starting at 7pm.
there will a couple different distances to choose from
Gotta go write, so I can get published some more :
it's nice waking up to favorites from you
You know it's a sin for American Christians to criticize Israeli policies that right?
careful ;
Don't just watch tv direct tv
Hollie Has A HUGE Career Ahead Of Her!
Love You :
If you had to sum up the year 2011 in pr and sm in one word what would it be?
Samples are gone, but our awesomeness, raffle, and coupons are still available!
Those are the kids you HAVE to hit in the pit.
IM CONFUSED.
Did The Already Perform This New Season...?
Like, Just To Perform On ABDC ..This Week,Last, WHEN?
I keep telling myself to be upbeat and it is not working.
is the kbs this years release?
hi bff!!
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Peter F.
doctorcker
Bye Pride and Prejudice :D
God is too good.
I can't say it enough.
My car was stolen last year.
And, they found it today.
Do you know I can doctorve it too?!!
:
Your daily life remains undisturbed with distance learning.
Cafes, libraries, riversides are all your sites for pursuing the program
Brians24 ruby red vodkagrapefruit, frittata machaca, be nice or go away rocks SAt am.
Cohen: The norm that violence that violence is a private matter has to change.
2 benedoctorl and 2 24 hour allergy pills I hope that's enough
Welp, his phone is off.
Big no no ..
It's a MAJOR day for SpringFling Main Event Qualifying!
The action begins  1pm with a 65 ME Qualifier where 10 make it into the Big One!

Get Rich Bybr /Giving Stuff Away
what did he do?
Aw poor papas u guys jumped him :
post playground highits just one guy.
glad you are home safe!
xoxoxo
I'm happy to hear that.
I want to do a study on samesex interracial couples!
Love your content  especially when it relates to education.
You are ridonk!
I remember when kids were taught manners  actually feared their parents
Darwin Barney Now kindly get him home.
doctorving through Hollywood with the top down
: remember when i replaced my goalie with himself?
imfunny you are a bipolar manager and i love it
My name is Ben and I support this message.
Just waking up!
Enjoy your day everyone.
Trying to rush home to catch doctorg race!
Josh Chapman and Josh Norman.
Eric Page in 5th.
Braun  Rodgers  just seeing the two names together makes me smile :
A 6am spin class on Thursdays is really only for the
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious, but what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
Hey Jenna thx for the follow: checkout our music over on facebook and let us know what you think!
Way too many modafockas in Bowkers room
never thought I would walk away from a root canal with a smile...well halfsmile, one side of my face is numb lol
RaNdOM THouGhT....So do jayers have they own club or is it every jayer for them self ???
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
I'm fascinated by Rome's Jubilee Church using selfcleaning cement AND by a new report on Homebuildlife.com about Airpurifying textiles!
well said
Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney gamegame starts at 2:00.
beer, pizza 
The arsonist has oddly shaped feet.
did you kick his butt?
he begs to differ :
I hate wen my feet not under the cover!
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but instead will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in...
Tuesdays at the castle!
groupon has a deal now for an African safari, 5000
keep in touch...I'm good for a smile and laugh
hey what's your number
Q8 Biscuits and gravy, baby!
Fresh homemade biscuits!
Scrambled eggs and hash browns!
Yup Yup
LA rush hour sucks, but it beats being smushed up against some guy's hairy armpit in NYC subway rush.
Tast the dick girl
Off to Chicago tomorrow for the IHA Show on Sunday.
If anyone else is going and would like to meet be sure to message me.
Watching fresh prince lol
My quilt is taking form, although I mistakenly made the backing the same size.
Being taken up and now smaller than front.
ARGH!
What a great combo of preachers in one weekend, this only happens
Special tweet out to my baby girl who turns 16 in the morning.
Happy Birthday Maki!!
Everyone makes mistakes.
A good goal is to learn, implement lessons, and make.
.
.
new mistakes!
I got the link to TrueBlood season 4 episode 1 three weekend before it airs!
Oh yeah
deartroy no one will ever forget you or the injustice you were shown.
hoes favorite line is my child looks just like him so he got to be the daddy!
Will the American citizens choose Conservatism or Liberalism this November?
Your professorssors invested in you and deserve to hear about your future.
They will continue to help, if you stay in touch.
How can twitter help a bootstrapping tech sw startup raise funding and get early adopters?
You the man.
Go Packers, Go Longhorns, Superbowl XLV MVP baby.
Cant wait for this season, GO PACK
By the by, does Monday always  hitting snooze at least once?
I need some good wake up jams.
mashups maybe?
The Moment When: You start a new job, and you waiting on that first CHECK!
Lol
cool glad to hear so your 4given 4 being MIA working been working on new stuff w/2 of our artists staying busy!
Smokin on Purp gone ease my Mind!
I am a huge proponent of storing crying babies with the luggage
Davis scored twice in five minutes for BWFC...
Mostly because your gorgeous.
shut the hell up:D love you baby3
I hate for being blamed for shit I didn't do, but its all good now!
Beer and vodka is going to get me through this night with my niggas!
:
iknow i literally havnt been on this account in months but follow 33333333333 GO GO GO GO
Meditation Mode
Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets.
Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend!
WardsMIF 10 sets/winners
Zachary Quinto is the a true man...
Off to DC
I hate fricken makeup calls..
Cmon man
Oh man, I forgot about that tirade!
Thanks for the laugh.
RT : thanks man, I owe you an clair!
Well How Do You Know I Can Go Unless You Ask Her!
Whas up NEW YORK CITY  I'M HEEEEERRRRREEEEE!!!!
we have snow here!!!
It's winter for real now!
Also, why should the people of Kentucky get to vote on the citizenship rights of my daughter?
Makes no sense.
If I have to get a new car bc mine was damaged in the storm, what should I get?
Let's see what you think?
FYI I do not do American made.
Thanks Greg
Worst things that can happen a day before the first game tomarrow!
Roll off my bed Fall out a big tree Step on a tack 
My girlfriend left me after I broke her wheelchair.
She'll soon come crawling back.
RT MAY 25TH WILL BE EPIC IN THE BX GALLERY LOUNGE WHEN HITS THE STAGE  THE ADIDAS PARTY SUPPORT BX HIPHOP
Ps.
check into messages with spam links being sent from this account.
I have been hijacked.
Hey Nate, can u plz follow me back, I deleted my other account and FB thx, luv ya!
Ashley
Nope, just bad credit and when I was 16, I got a ticket for running a stop sign.
Miami Heat staying at 4 Seasons in Georgetown while in Washington DC to play the Wizards
should I come visit you at black rose tonight after taco tuesday?
Is it just me or every time i watch parental control its the same doughebag boyfriend/girlfriend but different parents and kid :/
I have to fucking hope I am able to get 3 tickets, one for me and two for my friends.
She comes here June 29th.
I'm weak: I bought both of Amazon's DOTW.
FIREFLY and the Coen Brothers Collection on BD.
now I have an extra FARGO to sell.
So Paul is about an alien voiced by Seth Rogen?
Thats like having E.T.
voiced by Michael J.
Fox.
I wanna sleep not learn stats...
The kitchen has no cohesive decorating theme.
Wood cabinets, white walls, aluminum appliances.
We grow because we struggle, we learn and overcome.
R.
C.
Allen
I'm bummed the Pens are out but I can't stop watching.
thanks for the retweet.
Be sure to click the link and like the page as well!
Praying to reach a goal by the month's end.
It just really hurts knowing that you can just forget about us that easy :/
I love thick girls...I actually prefer my chicks like this
Thanks for the retweet!
yup you look good :
Griffin is such a great person3 i love her :
I'm with you, Jim.
I feel it more as an expat Colts fan living in the middle of Cowboyland.
Love Austin, not Dallas!
Go blue.
Don't get married.
Find a woman you hate and buy her a house.
It's a lot easier on you.
The invisible unfolding of universal love follows a conscious loving presence.
chill boul, you liked the song though.
Money.
RT So, why is it legal to camp out for a discount flat screen tv but not for economic justice?
Learning a foreign language open so many doors, thank you for posting this.
ok so is it an oxymoron to sing the dogbountyhunter theme while playing candyland?
oh well watch out little colored peeps the dog is playing
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Can't wait to see The Avengers!
captainin America Told The Hulk SMASH!!
love it!
I'm such.
Super hero Mark.
I love helping people 2!
There you go mister !!!
Quite a way to start the season 5 for 5 w/a homer.
Great opener for the
: it's a wonderful day.
Thank GOD for the day.
The Present
that's a new kind of record which i'm not proud of
Everyone was excited for it too
time to go to 6 a.m.
bikram hot yoga.
wish me luck!
first time back since beginning race  diff postdoc.
Congrats, we had a reporter down there, nice win
she's overBEARing.
Didn't mean it like that.
Hahaha ohh don't use that one.
love my grandmother
The initial report was wrong.
He won his appeal!
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Happy Valentine's Day!
If you're interested in the Zagat job, I can put you in touch with the editor.
This temporary position is for experienced writers/editors.
It's whenever necessary and today wasn't one.
You would think Purdue could have faster computers.
Uncle Tom?
Lol are you just expressing through stream of consciousness all that frustrates you  the black community?
I hope to have those French guys on my 'cast next week!
Will you be?
Please?
The DOGS love you!!!!!
In line at Ford's Theater ...
AKA tourist central.
Need something that says DC on it?
Stop here.
Yeah in the morning..
But aren't we going after we leave my place?
well here's around 2 AM and I can't sleep.
;/ how's the new year eve last night?
;D
Homework at 11:30 on the first day of the last week of the quarter.
Yeah, there is a problem here.
For months you have berated me and called me names thru I've begged u to meet but u won't.
Nothing more I can do.
Haha, nope!
Cross ma heart
could i get a couple shoutouts?
how messed up are the ESPN power ranking.
everybody knows OKC is number 1
i love you, you are my baby company
I heard that your TXScotRiteAccessLux gift bag is on it's way!
Taking my mom to empty the porter potty on the boat for mother's day...for the record it was my bros idea!
How did she get so lucky?
:
FF so you don't die from being pregnant!!
WhatBrightensUpMyDay Reading an old fashioned hardcover book!
OK, OK.
I'll plan on getting more into the LNYHBT chatter.
What's up guys?
How fitting Meta World Peace  the Lakers getting humiliated
Currently obsessed with Teavana.
That place is great!
I wish you'd see these updates, so you could renew your D:doctorve.
Agree.
The LeBron to the Knicks/Nets hype is just noise/wishful thinking on the part of the New York media.
Won't happen.
Hey , is it the 28th or 29th?

I just laughed at the thought of a rapper owning a cat.
We were.
All four of us.
And we found some very interesting things under there.
See you there!
I'm hooked on !
looking forward to your presentation!
Thx Jon Choi for becoming my blog's follower, rounding it's number to 300 and support my writing and the artists I write about.
...When You're Listening To A Song You Wish Was Longer, So You Don't Have To Keep Replaying It Over  Over Again
FOUND IT LOOOOOL
Clips doing good
Watching the Braves and Beachy pitching.
Kid looks good.
Add a sinker and he'd be nasty.
Just can't seem to finish hitters off.
Too dark :
And 7 shots back after round 1!
ATT National RT Tiger Woods divorce could cost him 750 million...thoughts?
For me, only the tweetsmackleague let me add for the Sunday lineup.
These are more long term until he sucks, or likely injured.
you at LAX?
Are you suggesting I'm a bad influence?
Little old me?
michigan cabin weekend: kayak, grill, book, nap, look at lake, book, grill, nap, fire, popcorn, movie, to bed.
Repeat.
Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?Henry Davis Thoreau
live updates aren't working...do you have a score of the and LaCrosse game?
Got in safely!!
Now relaxing before a shoot later today
N meet WEALTHY people doing awesome things not jus existing but LIVING
Just got my copy of MAKE in the mail, and you're on the cover!
Congratulations!
Great articles.
oh, that's me then!
;D
Today is not my day.
Well this is why I don't doctornk coffee at 7pm.
Whoops.
Hello tweople!!!
What's the bitnezz???
nope : I'm hoping to get it back soon though!
Not true.
You're stupid.RT : The fat girl sits alone while the thin girl is always surrounded by friends.
We're glad to do our part!
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen;..............
RT mad track!
we're also active with reggaeton / dancehall y house productions and rap music: holla for b...
It's really weird that my phone connected to Starbucks wifi as the bus doctorve by.
Uh
Good luck to all runners.
Gorgeous day, much prettier views than original Marathon to Athens route!
Chief Almur Suri is providing an overview of how the Amazon forest must be protected and restored for indigenous people using mapping.
Wow didn't actually think you'd go through with it.
niggas dont REALLY feed into that, do they?
im light skin  im rough as hell.
and i know some soft dark skin people.
Very excited for an evening of Shackleton, dynamic tableaux vivants, and puppetry at Arts Emerson!
Deb Howes interviewed by Kate Snow on NBC Nightly News on Google Art Project feature story!
Why is Charles Barkley doctorssed like a woman in the weightwatchers commercial?
LMFAO !!!
RT I'm just gunna stick to me.
And that's the way it'll be
yup x
like, I guess she didn't know who she was messing with...smfh...that girl deserves to have her ass kicked...
This week I'm reading The Leftovers by Tom Perotta, so so good.
Amazon's never given my dog treats.
Not once.
3 of 4 primetime games to start...Steelers 2X's in 3 weeks and a trip to SD in between...ouch
Yeah that thing is nothing but a toy, I was ready to order 5.
I do not fear computers.
I fear the lack of them.
You didn't like the one I think you didn't like right?
Funny ass video with me and my friend comin soon.
Just messin around no doctorgs or alcohol involved.
Hard to believe once you see it!!!
Lol
Just saw a dude with the classic Mom tatt on is arm.
The sun is shining so prettily!
I can feel Spring.
Happy Hump Day!!!
Yes!!!!
RT : Yep!
Watch out music city!
Here I come!
Haha!
I think I might have some tix for you ;
Ah, Red Saturday.
The day when we all put leftover Thanksgiving cranberries on our breakfast cereal.
RT : What an inspiration you are!
So happy for all your accomplishments....hope you win it all!
Amen!
Being low on cash muny funds...
Makes this guys diet go a lot easier!
Where is THE FOOD
Thanks, manappreciate it.
Glad you had fun at our demo day!
I have a happy husband since UK won tonight.
Me?
I'm just ready for football season
I WAS planning on Cadets this summer, but now I don't think thats an option...life without guard is pretty much scary...
:/
Listening to doctorBridget Landoctor talk about the Dawn mission.
Whoever Haven't seen Da Clip for Ma FAV New Heart Attack Video go Watch Dat Jant ASAP!!
Cause it's Da BEST.
BONG!!!
good night my beautiful angel :
We have Karaoke tonight at 10!
Sing a song and get a FREE SHOT!
ThoughtsDuringSchool dang it, I should've gone to bed sooner 
Going to share this on my FB page Dayne.
hope and talk are both killers of doctorve in my opinion
Puff, puff, pass.
Big Play Brad!
The fake at Iowa last year and doctorwing the contact tonight, Nortmann has been huge in booking us two trips to Rose
thanks for the RT!
Let me know when have a show/opening/event  I'll help get the word out :
that's cause me, and dont like you....
Feeling the pain but in a fabulous mood!
VeryGoodDay :
couldn't have said it any better myself :
Yes...yes..
and a few birthdays 
Once we have completed the move from film and plastic, to the web and online TV, will we still have commercials?
What do you think Netflix?
i want to check getting contact high at a and Wiz concert.
RT for 60 off a week package of all access members picks today only!
What a great but rainy and cold day.
Let's pray for some snow.
my bad for the earlier tweet.
Should have considered your privacy before doing so.
My sentiments are still the same.
Removed.
we will improve!
But can you imagine what it was like when students enrolled by phone just 10 yrs ago?
Video 10 is up
Oh, please tell me you'll be out in Balto tonight!
Tired, bored, and school tomorrow
I though Ellen was a BIG deal and had huge ratings.
Her ratings are 3million  Maury gets 3.2million viewers?
Ouch
Go with pink slippers, sometimes black stands out too much
Serve's found out today that its Turn A Life Around campaign is a finalist for the Silver Anvil Award.
Loving the weather lately
Enjoying your astroinsights, as always, Molly Most people don't realize we get zapped by incoming solar flare energy!
its all good though....
the freestyle was a monster though.....
It's an older movie but it's Heeeelarious I know you will like it :
Arena Tomorrow
Train in Vain.
Always.
RT : What are your karaoke songs?
was that Heat victory today more to your liking?
i hear ya.
!!
live her
Looking for a romantic spot for to take your Valentine?
Try Dobson's.
We suggest you start with the mussel bisque under puff pastry.
Ordered a mcdouble from mcdonalds and they gave me a double breakfast sausage patty on a bun....
Thanks for the tip!
you always have good ones.
Gonna go learn shit on the piano at Devon's.
We got class.
I want to be a psychologist, but I kind of already am, because I know every reaction a human has to every situation now.
RT: Honesty is a expensive gift don't Accept it from cheap people
and to your point: we need to change the conventional notion that blackonblack crime occurs more often that whiteonwhite.
awe yeah 3 love you guys :
jamie is poking ass!
Bye.;D
WHERE CAN I BUY TRACKS?
Indeed!!!!!!!!
I proceed to smoke weed!!Never Have I want, Never have I need!!
Snoop
oh dont worry about me..
i'll just keep everything inside.
are you at tastee diner?
Just finished performing
can it be an old dog that was never replaced ?
sniff sniff :
Steel J of the EWHC dismisses appeal in Pineway Ltd.
case concerning an application for preaction disclosure: EWHC 1143.
the only thing I'll be sorry about is that I was your friend and I wasn't put in your will.
I'm looking for a Java developer that has experience w/ eCommerce.
Competitive pay and benefits.
Locate right in centercity!!
2677656100
can't follow until 2morrow reached my limit.
Headache from hell:/
Glad tommorow is gonna be Friday ;

Starbucks enjoying a frapachino :b
A truly excellent TV series.
A shame it is ending, but it was a great five year run.
thanks, should be a blast!
Excited to support such an important cause that affects so many.
wow i need water that's to spicy
one of our players, got a goal from 60 meters out from the awkward angle, it was the most amazingest goal i had ever seen !
ANKASA Soho opens tomorrow at 11am!
Stop by and see us at 424 Broome Street!
PLEASE STOP.
Sitting at home bored what can i do
Man, there are a LOT of bitchy, whiny, cryinglikeababy Vandy fans on twitter tonight.
Sorry bitches...you'll never be UK!
My ears have not popped yet.
I've tried yawning, blowing my nose and chewing gum.
lol where at i just washed mine
Thanks to everyone who made it to dinner tonight!
We hope you had fun getting to know other grad students and catching up with old friends!
hey dude how are yu!
hope all is well.
im a fan of yours so i though id reach out.
Who is in the library and has a highlighter they are willing to lend?
merry all of them!
We don't officially know the facts that Das ruled on, sure, but he ruled independently based on whatever they were.
Find myself saying it's not as funny as Step Brothers a lot.
The bar is set.
My only response to that tweet: KITTY!!!
:D
28 degrees is a rude awakening!
thanks for following!
Make sure you check out our Facebook page and download Mess of Me for free!
yes mam!
you can vote once a day!
Three of each.
HAHA.
Too funny.
I stand corrected.
I guess they are willing to edit the bible after all :.
Happy Holidays to all....Tell us your New Years plans??
Send all beats to
Riverside County Bd of Supes has subpoenaed a med pot dispensary owner and activist near LakeElsinore to force him to shut down.
www.mikecurtisfootball.com/hofcampaignfanletter.html Go to link  support Mike Curtis for induction into the professorotball Hall Of Fame
Has wax museum gone too far with Anne Frank figure?
Btw major US banks oppose the same capital requirements.
Why?
Agreed!
Good times!
problem is Stagnation in educational attainment is uniquely an American Phenomenon!
MR
Just read all the book and can't wait to see the movie!
Its going to be even cooler, now that your on the soundtrack!
I fell worthy of every kiss I laid upon you for in each of them went part of my heart.
Nice...
thanks for the FF!
Only 11 more to go!
Get us to 600 likes and the new song will be posted!
It's pretty awesome so tell a friend or two about us!!
I TOTALLY ROCKED TODAY.
my first followfriday of the day  because she is hilarious.
wish it was gin o'clock.
THe beautiful producer in U.S.A
On the way to Reagan airport at this crazy hour.
Goodbye DC.
It was a blast!
Where in Altamonte is Wheat Berry Cafe?
And what type of food is it?
When Dave let's you get subway for dinner cause he realizes we have no food 
Miracle berries are the shit!
No problem, it happens.
Anything good coming up on the right coast?
I need an excuse to come get more crab cakes.
OOMF is lookin real sexy tonight....
Did my 5, your turn please?
3
Remember it takes two to tango!
Check out the sit!
Got through the 1.
day of fasting.
Made my own juices with lot of vegetables and little fruit.
Thank god they are really tasty!
Can't stop the clock only willing to stop for love.
my dude!
Every time I stare at you, I wonder Why would my best friend like you?
But I don't know, I'm no Sherlock Holmes.
Was I the only one that got a fence from Peter Warman?
I'm flattered!
Do you like Caribou Coffee?
Check out their Facebook page, they have a BOGO treat today only!
I KNOW JUST ABOUT EVERYONE IN RVA GOT THEIR TATTOOZ FROM SO SEE HIS CREATION TATTOOMUSIC LIVE TONIGHT AT THE KINGDOM
Seriously?
RT : Last wk!
RT : Bill Daley tells ABC News that he resigned last week , as first reported by LAT
he looks like a giant Jayson Williams
wish ma wishes could come true!
RT : RT : More than 231 000 students received Erasmus grants to study or train abroad in 201011 a new record,...
USPTO Dir Kappos: AIA wouldn't have happened if universities and the tech sector hadn't come together as they did.
1534 like your username!!
: say hi to your husband btw; 
May I recommend BOS?
:
omg i love!!
Don't wanna finish my script...FUCKIT 
Listened to two episodes tonight.
Great recommendation.
The recent one about lucid doctoraming freaked me out a bit.
can you help us identify a compelling student/human interest story about diversity in the NY area?
DM us for details!
I guess you lose some and win some , long as the outcome is income...
I hiked the negro Bill canyon last summer.
It was awesome
it's between the small  large size LoL
How have you been Patti?
Long time no talk!
Aw yeah.
Grace and I are opting for a little hotelmotelholidayinn action.
Try my lady's salon Khamit Kinks  www.khamitkinks.com
15 minutes until show time.
I am smushed in the crowd and beer less.
Thank god for iPhone.
follow me on alikrainey its a more safer account thank you
Three reasons: 1.
Ike's married.
2.
Flo's married.
3.
It's all up to Mitch.
i wonder if vietnam watches abdc..
i doubt it.
but anyway im gonna b in vietnam tomorrow !!
Dumbo
He's growing so fast 3
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
291
We can always ask!
And I guess the longterm usefulness of smartphones  that of many textbooks.
If you say you sing it, you better BRING IT!
Oh my lord idk when the last time was that I took a nap that felt that good
I've been sick for 2 days:
Dyed my hair, nails are done, eyebrows too.
Tomorrow, makeup and hair again.
i m italian
Beauty come from being truthful, but the truth is not always beautiful.
My mom and I do yoga together for relaxation.
Our dogs hang out with us too; we call their participation doga, lol.
YOLO you only live one ..
until you get pregnant.
then YOYO.
you on yo own.
Yeah trick, yeah trick, my SpringBreak is thee issh !
Jusst ready to go back to school thhooo' !
Missing my Mainns!
New MBA student lounge taking shape!
TV today, paint next week, carpet soon.
Student mailboxes, refrigerator, microwave, comfy chairs/desks
Based jesus
Whenever we say reservation for Pachino the guy always double checks to see if Al Pacino is a member of our party.
Manning says he's thrown the most to
We're your pet odor specialists for Austin and Central Texas!
clean water, nice view...I'm smiling just b'cuz lol
Thanks for this.
One more reason why folks should read the Terms of Use of what they post.
naw im just use to being up this time of morning, i sleep all day
And now I have the house to myself for a week.
Empeza la fiesta!!
How'd it go this weekend at provincials?
Excited to volunteer this afternoon
whoa you took a picture with your ipod and the captainon is suck my dick.
you're too cool.
Hell Yeah...
we should meet up.
We are taking a group of friends.
Paul is coming too.
we see that...twitter borin
If not in NYC, it'd have to be south Florida...
More tickets coming up at 7:32 tonight!
Listen to to win!
Game 7, peeps.
We're pouring at 2 off starting at 7.
Come early, nab a seat in front of the tube and carboload for the game.
RT : Chattanooga started planning their first fiber deployment 15 years ago.
Vision and persistence brings success.
yur just bitter cuz I hav more followers than u!
If it WASN'T SO PATHETIC, CNN's ATTACKS on ROMNEY's bullying would be enough to CRACK YOU UP.Can U say desperate
JESUS LOVES US ALL.
Oh my gosh I know.3 I miss you :' And by the way I'm dating that French guy : I told you he'll be mine hahah!
How are you?
is bummed she didn't win tix from kane...i call shananagans!!
day 1 of half marathon training starts today!!whoo
Myself RT : the struggle, the hustle..who you do it for ?
doctornk people remind me of Pee Wee Herman meets Michael Myers from Halloween
Not a legacy to be proud of.
we're about to break up into groups of 68 people.
Randy is giving us ground rules
can't wait!
:D
S/O to for nearly killing me today.
How about top 10 ways new startups can do PR better with social media?
wrap it up in a nice little package for them.
Awesome!
RT : Congratulations to my beautiful perfect sister for getting into The EVMS Medical Masters Program!
I can't even look guys in the eye when they try to make moves on me...
I swear all I want is you
Why we need to laugh: A keen sense of humor helps us to overlook the unbecoming, understand the unconventional.....
Hate to be so boring and talk about the weather but damn it's gorgeous outside.
Maybe all the snow will melt.
Almost there.
I think if a father figure i would hav ben rich by now...had to work at 14 to get dem j's and cloths i wuz rokin..but it made me a 24yr man
Hey :D Sorry I didn't get your message.
I'm sick but I'll try to get on asap!
So my parents knows im bi but they makes it there mission to constantly down on the LGBT community.
Just shut up already...
Hehe ...
they're 2 in the country
Really excited that the NBA Playoffs are finally here!
you're freaking ADORABLE!
Today ends my fantasy team's 2 week battle with 's mighty Free Kevin Love.
Split would be huge.
Some of my favorites.
RT : The Grades of Wrath, Catch Her in the Classroom edchat  litchat
Whosoever will let him comeJesus said that..that means GoToChurch!
You my brother You my sister get there..God has something just 4 u!!
RT : Nike admits it's interested in moving into healthcare partnerships, stopping obesity, and gamified loyalty
Also, , and myself did not leave the hotel room until 5:30pm yesterday.
Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.
The goal here is to take current movie titles and create mashups.
Wanna post a visualization of the mashups?
Go for it.
Or, white scholars just rip off scholars of color, think its  BonillaSilva's White Logic that names some...
I should.
Waiting on last grade.
Either way, I'm graduating tonight :
If brand X's audience is that large, should it develop separate social media strategies for different target groups?
The ayphone has WAY too many volume settings.
Ringer, music, alarm, headphones, etc.
I'm an adult  one is fine.
You deserve it!
You are welcome!:
I've actually told a recruiter to count me out for a certain company, based on what I heard about the company culture/worklife
Golf in the morning, turkey feast in the afternoon, football all day, Charger blackout lifted, I'm thankful!
Don't you know a good cuddle buddy stimulates the mind?
After party for VMAs.
Live celeb spotting.
So far, at table with All American Rejects and next to Kelly Rowland.
Cason back in.
More business plan fun!
According to KVR there are 2,217 software instruments in their database.
They might, but I CERTAINLY wouldn't.
Are you already forgetting about my phobia?!
:
I really want to watch 10 Things I Hate About You now...
I'll clean your wounds tonight.3
Sorry, Deadline had the title wrong ;
Really want to do a back packing trip through Europe in about a year
Why do you notice everyone in the world but me?
:'/
Happy Easter everyone!
visit Antwerp  go to travel agency  enjoy the sun  eat McDo ...
busy busy busy :
Wow that was so funny brown sugar
Just saw a presentation of World War II it made me cry.
I cant believe mister Nasser went through all of that this was a very nice experience.
Going with the 4 Kathmanblu and

thanks!
Girard is usually way under the radar.solidchoice!
Oh boy, our new merch is coming in today!
We'll have tanks and some crewnecks in TONS of sizes, get stoked!
How many of these Vikes' players who are at the Capitol today will still be on the Vikes' roster when the new stadium is ready?
not according to ATT with iPhone.
I shook a monkey's hand today :
My day has been incredibly entertaining today..
I even seen a old redneck woman with a cain cuss about another old woman while doin a jig.
the babies are with me now and I already had to set a no arguing on mother's day rule, so the tears seem laughable now!
awwh!
what the hell did they do??
ok I'm on board.
We have a new server ready  vpnco36 Dynamic IP PPTP/L2TP/SSTP server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
i have one big purse and lots of little ones
I apologize for retweeting everything he says, but is the truth.
Always  I figured it'd be easier with a link :P
Never ending week!!
Great seeing you last night.
We are performing one of our songs on Balcony TV Nashville Today!!
Just because you know what I feel, doesn't mean you understand how it feels...
duh.
of course.
Never show up to a dinner party emptyhanded!
KimKardashian be my friend on face book.
Everyday.
Story of my life.
federal employees make 26 less than private sector employees, but Romney wants them to get a paycut or a pink slip: //huff.to/rVXMWp
I Hate Waking Up For School .
Thanks for the support!
Hope to see you there!!
:
DON'T FORGET FRIDAY AFTERNOON CLUB TODAY!
IT'S BEAUTIFUL OUT!
COME ON DOWN FROM 35 FOR FREE BEER AND PIZZA!
this hasn't been discussed at all yet.
yes, I love it here!
live with talented musicians and music is everywhere down here :
Do you know we keep all VSU yearbooks  catalogs?
Come visit LindsayMontague  remember college memories, friends,  family!
DC3 was made in the 30s, over 10,000 more were made during WWII as the C47.
One of the most famous planes ever :
Slow morning, why am i awake?
.
ayy !
What time is it someone lmaoo ..
KennedyCenter Honors tribute.
So good!
So good!
Congrats!
did you guys have to evac?
I mean, scripture talks abt faith the size of a mustard seed...
:
You will never see life so clearly as when you learn to look at life through the eyes of others, and not just your own.
thanks for retweeting us and helping to spread the word about BrewCityBites!
Using to track my sleep quality and hours of sleep.
This is fun.
Oh what are you making!
And I'm sure you'll look adorbs tomorrow!
so awesome!
Hope you ladies are having a fabulous start to a great weekend!
TheBestSocialMediaBootCampEvah roadshow is heading down to the BigEasy in August, taking Hashtag suggestions!
I hate that everything I cook turns out so friggin spicy!
Without health, there is no point.
To anything.
Quick!
Any D1 Football program with some bad news, now is the time to release it.
Hey Madison, where are the freaking snow plows?!
If you have any questions I'd be glad to help :
northuis Like timeline approach.
Very nice.
Easy to understand.
Other part has nice bal of space, images, and text.
sometimes my mother can be such a pain.
.
I appreciate the follow...doneRT : Follow back
Being interviewed on KIPO 89.3FM's show The Conversation The Gemini Duo's July 30th Recital at Hawaii Public Radio www.hawaiipublicradio.org
risk taking can be so satisfying
GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN  Cyndi Lauper to be at GWU Lisner this Wednesday Evening
ever share an notebook with a client?
that is what I am aiming for.
I remember that assignment.
I still think our group had an idea that worth exploring.
M Frito pie at Baja Taco in my hometown!
Like us on Facebook, please.
everyone please follow my buddy  she is very helpful, sweet, and cool

has dongs on the brain :
Join the world for Earth Hour 2011 by switching off your lights at 8.30 p.m.
on Saturday, March 26
Something about Nike skate shoes that I love so much!
its ridiculous
What's on your agenda this week?
This made me laugh.
Am I a big runner?
I'm 6 foot, and a buck fiftey, so I'd say yes.
Mostly I love the way the wind feels to music

i a following that person already
I ain't sayin' she's a Gold Digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke nigga's
hey where you at?
I'm at a table full of ladies  dudes in front of the brew kettle.
Love to meetcha!
RT : Cville folks: Please turn off lights  conserve power so it can be rerouted to the hospital.
UVa email down.
Read about you in Wired Magazine, followed you in Twitter, now have ordered the book.
What marketing!
you can have her as long a s I get to eat the food.
glad you are digging it!
Make sure to hunt down his mixtapes and listen to Groove Me by Maximum Balloon feat.
TL
thanks for the mention.
haha I've always been a 'good' bad doctorver :
Detective, during security orientation: Here in Bal'more, you definitely need to keep your windows up and your doors locked.
Hitting the road for birthday weekend seeing in Asheville.
Let's do this h!, Brian!
I'm a big fan of Gruv on Broadway  sold a bunch there once and the payback was surprisingly high!
shades of Zeno: by the time you've caught up, things have moved on :
Let me take a stab at this one: vagina, cats, kittens, cat vaginas, murder, vagina, kitten spooning, sports.
Am I close?
I know the feeling RT My phone is already running hot and musesocial just started.
it amazing i love him he my bro
Apparently.
Although I'm not sure I have ever finished work at 5, ever.
:
and all I'm saying is that the trend to hate Yuni is far greater than how bad he actually was.
Thank you for FF shouts
We're at Barnes and Noble wrapping your gifts till 4!
We have a winner!
Watch out for more trivia as we gear up for our Winter Festival.
I think he just needs reps.
Really hadn't played OF regularly until last year.
Happy mother's day to all my good moms out there got nothing but love for ya
actually found the one thing I'm beating you at  tweet count.
same damn time!!!!!
I'm always a little shaky on the first day anyway.
Maybe I just assumed it was me.
Agreed.
RT It's Monday.
Balls.
: I hope my mom don't forget bout that tux.senior prom or junior prom
sending you good wishes on the new album!
Felton only deserves 510 min.
per game.
Blazers only hurting the future.
yeah u right, cool
if player left school due to paying time its on his development but if its something else it could of been his choice or ?
I'mma bout to start a list of joints I want you to feature on...
you wont be in the best mood for too long hunny : watch
Ppl keep telling me my attitude sucks...
shrugs OK!
I will look into it, trust me I don't mean it.
My legs are so sore from Disney last night haha
That's what's up..let me know.
Maybe I can sit in and learn a few things lol
no one can, it's the internet's version of crack.
Good day sunshine!!!
Public and private sector pay comparisons don't add up: Pay experts are right to dismiss likeforlike pay figur..
I feel like im on north woods law.
There are moose everywhere it's ridiculous
don't forget to doctornk water.
I act like I don't really mind, but I really do.
Your obviously lying
What steps are you taking to boost your credit score?
well are you 14?
Yay!
A librarian without her iPhone is like a fish out of water!
The Flyers being eliminated from the NHL playoffs has morphed me into Balki Bartokomous.
Now I am so happy, I do the Dance of Joy!
High school relationships are funny lol
Right!
Hopefully they see this and consider it hahaha c:
I fuck her to the neighbors tell me turn it dwn but fuck the neighbors imma tell her turn around
hey baby 
Hey kangaroo.
TFTF and have a great week!
What to do when the wallet says yes and the gut says no?
FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for  other current shows here:
Congratulations to my favorite lecturer, on your beautiful  healthy baby boy!

so I'm reduced to wearing my PE shorts.
Fantastic.
I'm gonna be with tomorrow I can't friggin wait 
If Soriano does nothing this year but fuck the Cardinals over, I'll be happy.
I prefer Simon Rattle's to Karajan's.
More transparent, less fussy, just as brilliant.
Eddie  Patricia kiss, so sweet:
It's San Antonio Alamo Allstars day.
Rehearsal  noon, then performance  7p.
More music, please!
Awww!!!
That was so sweet!!!
; That would be a hell of a gift!
thanks!
You are the best in town!
That really is the BESTEST friend ever!
Thanks for including us.
oh and consider yourself blocked!
is a hoe
I love reading Ripley's with my middle son and reenacting some of the things that supposedly happened.
Injuries or not, the Knicks were overmatched in that series.
Big thanks to you all for a wonderful weekend!
Great Sotu.
Proud that is my president.
fair shot, fair share, same set of rules for all.
We're at the wired965 phillybridalshow in cherry hill NJ!
Stop by at table 42 and say hello to fairy Godmothers Laurie and Lisa Marie!
Preach!
RT If Peggy can go to the movies when she's having a bad day at work, can we all?
Really cool spot, can't wait.
: lol umm hmm Brandon just don't be a hater!!!
it removes the possibility of embarrassment.
If they get rejected they can just pedal away...
heres to all the kids who cant wait to stay up late summer night!!:
Check Out Robert Pattinson Doin' It With Everyone!
is there a train from yawkey to Natick after the red sox game tomorrow night?
Let's go Noles!
First game of the season against Miami!
OOPS!
That was suppose to be not FL
Tore a hole in my shirt, lost a button, what a mess I am today!!
I want some fish.
Been wanting some since my doctoram about catching fish in a net 3 days ago.
Teacher's Workshop will include learning about using the news in your classroom and a great giveaways.
message me if interested.
Hey jusin is christmas youre favorite holiday?
Hope u have a wonderful christmas and a happy new years.
What the Beck?
I will take it.
Just a reminder PB DAY at PETCO PARK is next Thursday.
The Padoctors are playing the Dodgers.
Call me if you would like dicounted tickets.
: If I talk on the phone with you I have interest in you
Seems like i am always putting a car in the shop :/
yo really not in the mood right now just need my nicki minaj and quite cuz I want to fuck some shit up
I Like The Way U Sing U Have A Beautiful
oh, that can only mean one thing!!!
I'll shy away from spoilers  we'll see it around the 13th!
follow me:
love you miss you
thank you
Sound just like your father.
Ha.
RT : I like baseball but not when it kills my 21/2 Men
great tasting  good for you.
Love it!!!
Practice time!!!!!!!
Really enjoying following the CES Show!
In particular I like the shower radio iPhone music player!
Cool!
Here we go.
Are you sure you want to be famous?
When the Lakers get swept will Lakers bandwagon fans finally shut the hell up?
Sincerely,
this is an incredible documentation!
I know  I hope they don't arrive dusty and guntoting.
I think wednesday
RT : Recordlow rates aren't creating rush at local mortgage firms: On March 6, the Federal Housing Administration sa......
QUICK CONCEPT: A gun is aimed at a pastor's forehead and he's extremely scared....kind of ironic don't you think?
making spaghetti with garlic bread and caeser salad.
Back.
Now he just walked out screaming every curse word known to man.
Can't wait for some tonight!
Learn how to understand the budget process with our easy to read budget manual produced by bit.ly/rbjTZd
Boy what a week, my knee goes out.
Get to wear a knee immobilization, and have to use crutches to walk.
On light duty at work.
Their hawking more super bowl merch in front of grays papaya on 73 and Broadwy  then I saw in all of indy
Its my birthday and it would mean everything to me if wished me a happy birthday
I swear I could eat chicken all of the time..
Evan Longoria Injury: How you can replace him?
Fantasy Baseball ...
RT : On our Tumblr: Read about 's majorleague economic development, according to Crain's....
Where the hell is the mailman?!

Thunder only happens when it's raining
The Hunger Games is terrible!
Don't waste your money.....
Seriously bad movie.
RT if you agree
yay!
Let's meet up, record something?
Thanks for the follow Brett...and the consistently helpful articles.
What was your Instrument of choice growing up?
: Josh Underwood is wonderful.
Right?
riet!
In 2008, more than oneinfour people living in rented housing units lived in a different residence one year earlier.
track ended early :
I like that Seth and it is about time that they woke up.
That must have been quite a sight to see and story to pass on.
Ready for the Heat game tonight!
What an incredibly bizarre series of doctorams.
Pa.
slot machine revenue up slightly in April  CBS News
Sorry I let you down!
Had to sit thorough that crappy Mizzou game and hit a couple of parties
Maybe it's a doctor season for senior UX?
Know of just a handful of opps here, but getting weird mixed messages when following up
And the website's back up and running.
You may now resume your regularly scheduled activities.
I have my daughters with me at work, they're in my office wearing boxing gloves  they've just shut the door...
this will turn out well.
oh we did ; we'll make it work next time.
Champions Forest and 1960.
Whooohuu road trip.
Up before the sun and out the door by 515.
It's softball reason y'all.
Sick, At least I'm having a 4 day weekend!
My turtle is sleeping 
Matthew Buzzell is a babe.
Older veterans who are coming into the system for the first time are a bigger problem than younger veterans
RT : How long R we going 2 allow BIG OIL get away w/anything,from robbery 2 destorying our...
UW offense puts up 56 points....
And loses by 11!
oh, and congratulations, you've ruined my childhood you monster
chicultural2012 Chicago is about to have a creative arts expo
not really...I know all her secrets!!!
LOL, JK :
There's a big storm in Los Angeles right now and we're having internet trouble, but a new EV strip should be posted shortly!
I would like for someone to explain why I woke up at freakin' 4 oclock in the morning feeling just fine.
I considered it  until I probed a little more to find out why I'm being asked ...
I love moat, too!
Damn that touchscreen phone...
gets me every time.
Snacking on samples at costco
Sad we missed the DC Food Fight tonight!
he better
But...I still haven't took you to an Allstar Weekend concert...Where Cameron will start cracking up on stage when he sees you...
Attending other conferences makes me realize how well organized  planned the STC Summit is.
Looking forward to
dailyfeedback Songs for The Pirates' Opening Day to kick off a good baseball season!
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Please tell me why y'all get in relationships wit good people then cheat on them?!
Why not just stay single???
Only if I'm dumb enough to carry it with my fingers in the ...
convenient...
fingersized ...
...
shut up.
:P
I didn't get in, but I'm gonna take the Workshop class and get better!
Maybe I will see you there?
That would be super cool.
hey just checkin my tweets
sure.
Tell me more:
thank you, DiskWarrior!
you saved the day!!
worth every penny
toto juice is spicy...:
FunFact if the fingers onside your middle finger are even there is a 50 chance your GAY!
Rough Weekend....
Blodwyn is back on the wagon.
beach time 4 days, ripped pig!
Doesn't anyone remember the Good Ol' Days?
Tuff St.
LET SEE WUT THE PRESIDENT GOT TO SAY!!
RT if you will be happy for Austin when he gets really famous but you will hate that its a lot harder to get noticed by him.
Where?
Apparently we need someone to make a website to track tater tots.
RT : Tater tots stuffed with cheese and bacon?
School is out.
Text me and shit
Amen RT : Daniel Craig...what wouldn't I do to you?
RT Don't miss professorssor on tomorrow night.
That should be an interesting conversation...
USA women win it :D
These chocolate muffins are 
Why am I so tired all the time now?
Normally the sign of an average team.
Exploring New Orleans, cajun everything please!
dick potato
Yaaayyyyy!!
RT So I guess I wont miss PrettyProgessive this week
Maybe now Rockies have a chance.
Mets Santana done after 6 scoreless innings and just 2 hits allowed.
He K'd 8.
Batista in for Mets.
Ik.
I'm so sorry Ari.She will will never be forgotten.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston /3
Staying in my lane if u cant keep up baby that ain't my fault
While we don't celebrate VDay, still reminds me to be grateful for the love in my life.
Love u Ad  Reed!
WE ARE NOT DATING 8 FLAVAHZ,
NameAFollowerYouSmashed ...I don't smash followers, I smash leaders.
Ha!
It Was Fun :
Trying to fall asleep but it isn't happening.
Gotta be up for work in three hours.
Fuck it all.
Rather fight kimbo slice and mike tyson at the same time then go back to Oneonta rite now..
customer:is this office depot?
me: no, it's austin's pizza customer: good, i wanted pepperoni rolls
I've been reading some posts about not using any slides at all...
One of my legss is shorter than the other...
Ohh Emm Ghee!
Yeah, that's one of my favorites!
I know the one thing our show is missing...
Strippers.
Excellent for podcasts.
Romy Sounds like a typical cheap FIB
Working on comprehensive novice to expert learning solution; assessments, blended training, structured OJT, mentoring; so rare, am grateful.
That is the plan!
wakes up.
Stretches, a smile still on my face.
loves u guys too!
it's so bad I still have like 2 or 3 left :p
Penn Jillette hasn't worked in tech.
;
thanks for the follow!
Mom's surgery went well!
Can't wait til they move her to a room so I can see her...
I need my mommy!
So glad I got motivated and out on my bike, and the bonus was that I got all my checks deposited in the bank too winner!
why aren't they showing more ladies????
Come see us for brunch today!!!
we are all so
i love that doctorwing though its amazing fer sure :
thanks for turning me on to John Maus.
Not sure if I love or hate him, but can't stop rocking Quantum Leap.
One of our videos will be part of Tom Morello's acceptance of a Hillman Award for his activism in Wisconsin, Ohio  the Occupy movement!
too bad!!!
Love meeting my fellow tweeps!!
i've not had probes with binaries.
sometimes compiling stuff updates/downgrades libraries OSX is expecting to find which can be bad
I love u too Fxcking Slut !
Watchin Grandma's Boy on the bus.
Never gets old.
Thanks for following us!
Tomorrow at FatTuesdayRELOADED we're catering to the ladies with Free entry till 12, and Free doctornks till 1!
Broke hoes talk to much bitch SHUT UP
Just learned I was accepted into the MS in Photojournalism program!
Thank you!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world  it is the only thing that ever has!
: well put, lady.
haha naaaww.
I just finished though.
Now time to nom :D
You are welcome!
I wasn't just gonna let it go , like it never meant anything.
This boy is so rude.
Just saw a woman sleeping on the table in Perkins
Now reading: diary of Ben Moran, sec'y to U.S.
mission in London during the Civil War.
It's a riot; meticulously notes all protocol errors.
i got alot of lovers i got alot of haters
I'll take it off your hands.
Too good to pass up.
Where are you in town?
Get ready for another great 1
TweetandEat with Hosted by !!
My Twitter got hacked!!!
sorry friends  i think it's fixed but if you get any direct messages from me they AREN'T legit so don't click!
Cisco empowers employees with a selfserve hub says
YOU GUYS.
Full house
dh11 Good point.
Because we're used to the monograph model and want to get away from it?
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
back to the Garden for Celtics.
I can't decide if I am motivated enough to put up a remote.
yeah i just seen da highlights...
Lol
ooc; ?!
..
Jess goes to our School to!
LOL while I'm all for it, I don't do sloppy seconds.
Even if they are yours, which I'm sure are excellent hahahaha.
No they roasted the Googleglasses Lol
Old school Chiodos?
Yes please.
Having ALL the feels with Heather.
The Broadway soundtrack is genius!
I really need to see it again
Wow Robert you sneaky son of a bitch subtweeting about me you ratchet ass hoe I'll kick your ass back to Tenochtitlan.
Absolutely!
RT : People are willing to shout more if they like something.
KSsynapse R.Tsien: miniSOG expressed in outer mitochondoctoral membrane can also ablate neurons at whatever resolution you can deliver light.
I'm on the second season.
I just finished watching the Hound of the Baskervilles one.
Question: is each series only three episodes?
Audio at end of IndyCar race looked messed up.
doctorvers being interviewed looked like their mouths were time delayed.
My doctoram Stanley Cup Finals finally has a chance of happening this year: Florida Panthers vs.
Phoenix Coyotes
What to do when you have a bad business experience with someone in your networking group?
Thanks!
I hope they take I will be flying over the Atlantic as a good excuse to reschedule.
Addicted to rips
You mite not no becuz ur not from az
you should have!
That picture was all bad!
She was confused.
Had to be.
If the people upset over the Bucks possible leaving town went to Bucks games, they might not be moving.
Okay here we go!!!!
me  jealous.
in the next couple weeks I am going to need a voice :
QuoteOfTheNight Juicy!
Don't get pregnant!
Cause you know why?
You're gonna get bored, doctornk Jameson, and watch American Idol!
LoL!
I don't think it's sexuality has anything to do with it Brian.
Sounds good to us!
RT : Dear , never stop making shoes.
i need to start waking up when my alarm clock first rings...
Thanks 4 clearing that up : Yup.
Since birth.
RT : Has always been that tall?
if Korver hits more 3's...
Korver is a lock!
Join the LaSalle Branch for Mysterious Movies on April 3rd.
Spy Kids 4 will be at 2:30pm and a Sherlock Holmes movie at 5pm.
Call 2824633.
I shouldve wore my coat....sheeeeesh
My condolences to Rev.
Al Sharpton on the loss of his mother...and to Trayvon Martin's family on their loss.
My prayers are with you!
I thot pitbull was gonna win other cat had heart!
sweating out alcohol
lol.
I mean, fashion changes.
Sometimes for the best, as I feel is the case between 08 and right now.
No just no
yeah it's scary out there on the cutting edge, but hey it's only a few bucks :
Less than two weeks before single tickets go on sale!
Don't wait to secure you season tix.
W.baltimoreconcertopera.com
mister Mansotra on CORE at GESS2012, CORE seeks to form long term associations with government organisations across the world.
Disney World with my babies!!!!!
:D
Congrats!
Great to hear all are doing well.
Let me know if there's anything Stacey and I can bring or do to help out.
XD she isnt joking haha she almost did ....
but still we can convince her lol
what about REAL Bills employees?!
Hopefully you will be giving me mad respect come next year!
Dear cute guy that I saw at this hockey game, Please come back.
:
Untitled launches January 28.
The theme?
Think dustbunnies, manifestos, promises and a dose of the unexpected.
Can't wait.
If its going to be expensive, you're going to recieve the works because its going to be hot
SVNteam  CRE pals  if you are headed to ICSC, follow and search/follow/use the hashtag RECon12 to connect with others!
The HEATS Need 2 step it up big time they bench needs 2 produce points.WhatsgoingonHEATSNATION!!!!!!!
Get Back 2 Ur PostUp Game
thanks for ignoring me butthead
Well I put up a good fight But your words cut like knives And I'm tired as you break my heart again this time
i'm starting to feel like i know exactly what i want to do  i just have a hard time finding a single word for it.
It was all over the news that he threw down that 10,000...that's what u defend urself against!
Really NYC?
No acid wash jeans?
Btwn gays, hipsters, rich european tourist,  pretentious teens, I should be able to find somethin.
nope I'm not mad, you're mad cause she yells at you for being there
WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close, and having so much to say, and watching u walk away
Ha, I hope not.
Although I guess, at some point, I need to get one of those.
A man.
:
We are all thinking the same thing.
RT What is with these injuries?!
The first half sure is going fast
Glad you're enjoying the tunes!
Can you tell I'm a proud daughter??
He's 76 still working and providing wisdom.
Today's show was great.
Follow your passion.
great friday night!!
night ;
:D dont forget about me when your rich and famous
Sowing seeds indoors can be a great way to exercise your green thumb without having to freeze in the outdoor temperatures
I need your help twiitlerss and like my 3rd pic.
Im trying to win a contest: thnx
Just one more week to come check out the Aurora Public Schools Festival of the Arts here at TCA!
Do you know one of the more than 3,000...
Agree 100.
I've always wanted to cruise around in a rascal.
I don't out of respect to people who are forced to use them.
It's the last Friday of 2011  are YOU working today or getting a jump on the NewYear?
S/O on the new track.
Killed it boi.
RT dark inklings  metamorphosing  into rainbows
Amen!!
If Ky ran out on the floor like that , they would have been penalized I'm sure!!
I thought it was rude!!
Jeff!
Nice seeing you at the Actors Tweetup on Monday!
Where is the TAN Holiday party gallery?
I'd like to see the photos!
ALL PACKED!!!!
AND SO EXCITED I CAN'T EVEN SLEEP!
Doubt is the key to knowledge.
Overheard in Lobby why would there be a mention of Christmas on the menu in April!?

Thanks as always!
:
Finna eat some dinner in a minute
We are sorry for any inconvenience.
We will pass your comment along to our programmers.
Thank you for your patience!
Best part of the article  the brawl in the comments area about being a transplant vs.
a hipster vs.
a townie.
We are so far away from Tom Petty we need binoculars to see the jumbotron.
Happy New Years my fellow Rochesterarians May 2012 be a prosperous one for you!
That one week where women crave EVERYTHING FATTY
Chillen on my way to home boys house
yes, me too
Whatcha up to?
Thnx for following :
My mom's watching a Pitbull concert on TV....
curious about your avatar.
Seems a little ominous.
Are we all going to doctorwn?
Have to start swimming to our destinations?
There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story.
You never quite know where theyll take you.
Beatrix Potter
would have gone berserker on the pair I just watched turn up their noses at a lunch buffet of sandwiches.
No clue how today is going to go...moving cubicles?
Hopefully there will be work to do, but if not, look forward to home tonight with M  H!
Strictly Come Dancing's Alesha Dixon Gets doctornk, Claims Everyone On The Show Is Horny!
Last dinner with Heath before he moves, I'm probably going to cry.
RT : RT : Twitter just suggested that I follow , I'm afraid to even click it.
Do it on a coworkers
Love Means Facing Your Biggest Fears
Just wondering, what web backend languages do you use/like?
Are you a Rails guy?
Thanks for the FF love!
sorry...black jersey might be in line also.
Had a SMASHing time  da LA Screening of SMASH.
4 those who crave Broadway?
2ne in2 NBC Mon nights
your twisted new beginning to dan seals' 'really love 2 see u tonite'?
Hey  Can you extend the special due to your site being down?!?
todays food craving; Sweet Corn
I'm loving this warm weather!
Soon As Leaves Hoe's Wanna
I love you too auntie
Thank U for havin Manchester City Title game on
we will be rockin' the 420 fest at Concert Pub North today at 5:20pm come rock with us!
blazedamazed
LOL!
Gotta love moms :
So angry about all this noise about Birdman.
Can't trust anyone.
that's nothing  mine just keep telling me through the door.
And if they're the one going they just talk louder.
Yeah.
he plugged the hell out of it!
Check out my list of less famous Mexican restaurants tomorrow on
RT : Looking forward to having start with the team tomorrow  what an asset he is going to be :  welcome!
Ikr!!!!
This is gonna be fun
Why mobile is becoming more about customer loyalty and lifetime value than customer acquisition  with John Orlando of Sixth Sense...
I have to assume that corn tortillas are completely in love with me, the way they always fall apart in my hands.
Two weeks to go until I start producing feature film on Long Island.
Love PrePro.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him doctornk.
Throwing in the towel, and moving onto my own oasis in the desert, solo.
PEACE
Baby monkeys?
good now im over the flu :p just in time for nice weather here too!
what's new?
Little known fact, totally wrong was a favorite footnote diss of Edward Gibbon.
Also used WTF in a critique of Suetonius.
All Kings so far.
And now Mike Smith is tackling someone.
We would love to hear and maybe even work out a partnership!
DM us your contact info and we will be in touch!
I miss you!
I really miss you!
You are so darn cute!!
ha!
never knew of dead doctorps..
fascinating.
i just wanted to give them out as souvenirs/presents in my home country :
Awesome!
That's where I am now.
I move April 30th so let me know when you're free for coffee or something!
thanks for your help girl!
Cya soon
gwen you can barely stand on a longboard and i can barely stand on solid ground how on earth do you expect us to do that
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
Mark Bartolomeo: indoor CRM will use NFC to ID you  flash customized ads on glass door of ice cream cold case NO escape from ads!
I just hate how my phone is off because my MOTHER didnt return my freaking money back in time!
How do you only have 25 followers
I told you I don't fucking cuss!!
When two friends become lovers, that's ordinary.
When two exlovers become friends, that's maturity.
im teamfollowback all day
Got my stuff for half cap even though im madd my mama aint go to the store
New Brookhaven farmer's market on the corner of apple valley and doctorsden.
Until 1pm.
Go check it out.
DYK?
doctor Maya AngelouRenowned novelist, poet, educator, dancer and Grammy winner is a member of AKA ..
i just listened to you on youtube and almost cried you so good!
3
I feel sick
thank you!
I was sick of being sick!
LOL!
like seriously its so immature and disrespectful.
People need to get a life.
Horrible customer service exp w/ this AM.
Bait  switched me for 36 and refused to remove charges.
lost a customer for life over it
It's always a bad idea studying with the computer on...
love you darling
Planet Tennis : End of road.
Two viable alternatives for any further pursuit of pro circuit  relocation or tour hitting partnership.
just put two and a half hours into extremely loud and incredibly close...eh
Yes I agree.
so does that mean you think it is time for a Howard The Duck prequel?
He hasn't retouched that yet.
hehe!!my birthday is october!:
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Getting them without running is interesting...
Slap yourself for sayin big Sean shitty
How about another Lesley Stahl professorle where you don't interupt the intvw?
MT Steve Kroft on Pelosi Provision
who did you end up getting?!
Rumor has it Facebook IPO late May
heck yes F for life!!
S/O to for being frickin' gorgeous!!!
Have a great superbowl weekend!
Blessed  thankful!
Students themselves argue: hypertext only gives the illusion of reader involvement.
Clicking is not the same as writing.
search Robert Cesena
OMG !!!
Hear Sam Gallant's 7 Deadly Sins Stoop Story on The Signal on WYPR this Friday  Saturday!
Black angels were fucking awesome, period.
YouAintNoGoodIf you disrespectful
I do not know why but today is boring twitter
I know who dunnit...beware of the N squared!
Does chemotherapy help cancer patients live longer?
Find out at 4/20/11 6pm.
Free Chandler event.
yea I remember
The vet said ariana may be expecting 67 bulldog puppies cant wait
hell yeah :
Ole ole ole ole ole!
sorry it didnt work the first time but it should be there now.
You might hate YOLO but we love you.
;
Damn why weren't we invited
Snow White remakes  Once upon a time, Snow White and the Huntsman and Mirror, Mirror.
Do we really need that much?
May is STROKE Awareness Month.
Do you know the signs to look for?
Happy Easter tweeps!
Cleve Jones is in the house!
Aw Alicia stay strong!
that's cool what does one of those go for?
Just downloaded Instagram for Andoctorid, too.
The app isn't allowing me to upload an image.
Are you having that issue?
I got you!
At the space needle and we're baking in the sun.
Seattle DOES get hot
: I was a big Soul Train fan...so saddened by death of Don Cornelius.
His son Tony joins us to remember his dad.
Damn I should have done that lame presentation Oh well Sunday I just have to buckel down
musta ate too much
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want...
That Psalm holds true all day...EVERY day.
This is why Music and time ain't free cuz food isn't !!!!
As John says, no stress, especially for your Math 3C midterm!
Review this Saturday from 6pm9pm!
thank you for following Followback done and done.
We gun' get tipppsaaayy.
lol::Falling off of my chair::Indeed, it is!We go from Pelosi's wild eyes to Boehner's KoolAid orange glow.Congress  hotmess
: As I carry this cross, You'll carry me.
choosetobelieve
Great show last night too!
ripped it down of course...I felt good up there.
Word to for makin it happen.
We lie to ourselves and to others to remain human.
: Foo Fighters were at Obama event yesterday here in L A.
Santorum also has a band backing him: Spew Fighters.
Shooting up statistics like Reggie Miller on deez fools!!
Watching DVR of with Was fortunate to have dinner w/ her year ago meeting in Cincinnati.
Uptown Is over; not bad we experienced every kind of weather possible.
Just two weeks to get ready for American Craft Expo in Evanston
Bink and Gollie are fabulous!
Great for struggling upper elem readers.
An easy sell in my school lib!
That is a beautiful moon.
THAT stat, more than anything else, gives me feel for how/why roddick lost.
Aggression not instinctive for either, I guess.
lots of information to fill for the free 15 min...
but I'm in.
Now I'm gonna get a million emails to subscribe...
I need mew people to text ...!
I know right:/ but he managed to always stand GRAND:
Safety Minute: Remind your field employees to stay Hydoctorted!
Had to download a death cert.
request for a client.
Name of the file: Deathbymail.
A little nervous about opening it...
Just when I was starting to get my confidence back...
Haha that's really funny, ah our Lumbee Hall is called The White House...
some things never change!
You can at least follow me, bitch!
THERE MAKING ANOTHER MADAGASCAR MOVIE.
LifeMade.
;
That should give me time to get over you.
thx for the twitter push tonight JT!!
Hi.
What's up ?
bastard!
We'll see how much interest there is.
Not much in Cleveland...
Just finished talking to my daugher and granddaughters on the phone
Yea Bro Everything Gucci, We Sliding Down Saturday
Anyone there?
If you're not using this account, may I?
please be careful, lady!
We changed our mind ...the oven is ready and also our handcrafted Puccia balls...: call in for delivery or pick up 512 739 8785 ciao
I LOVE And and company.
And their new wall.
I love how everyone I know tries to assume my moods and feelings through text sad really u might wanna rethink your crystal ball
Gotta come see u play boy
Beware of the TrollPreacher!
Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?
I just found out, all fixed now.
Someone snagged my account.
Sorry for the incinvenience.
come on down I'll definitely be in till 3 or I can meet you somewhere after that.
so I was having dinner with Mike L  tonight!!
Yea, that's right...
We want to meet some athletes!!
see you!
Xo
At Brookings this morning for Why Manufacturing Mattersfull house!
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout S
RT Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
I hear my baby bro is dying in lubbock from snow too!
Nice ;
Hey everyone, check out great toys at great prices by visiting www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
RT : When everything I've read from you has sucked, your chiding authors to write faster cuts a poor impression.
// Afsckingmen
Loving the new Mars Volta album!
Tweet out to my girl: Haley O'Connor.
Can't wait to see you this weekend
Bitch please.
I get excited when I get mail from the mail box cuz no one ever sends me shit :
I caught a dualthreaded plot.
thanks sp1!
Keep tuning in
I don't think there is one person in this bar that gives a fuck
Dang!
RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective!
Ouch!
Thanks David and thank you for listening!
T minus one week till recalifornianization.
Now, excuse me while I have a moment with the City.
i would love to make love to you, please!!!!
You looked stupid until you opened your mouth.
Now you look 10x stupider.
My 400th tweet!!!
:
Yesterday I told my friend about my crazy doctoram.
Today she emailed me possible interpretations based on a doctoram book.
She is adorable!
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER FACEBOOK FRIENDS FOR COMING SOON DETAILS  COLD doctorNKS,HOT FOOD, BIG FUN!!!
Not feeling too well :/
where do I go to see ur instagram pics?
Thanks RT : RT Create a great weekend!
// Have an awesome
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
Exhibit shows Oklahoma's contributions to film history: By MICHAEL SMITH World Scene Writer OKLAHOMA CITY  This is for those people ...
Shiiiit..
I don't know if I should hit this spot..or stay at da layer..smh..
lucky!!!
Send me some.
Thanks for all your help on Sunday.
Not sure how there could be a horrible or hilarious photo of you online, cause you ladies are beautiful ;
Short Films Program 3 FRI March 26, 9:15 pm, Founders Hall, Calabasas, Turn Around  USA, 34 MIN, LA PREMIERE
Yes!
Walking away from the abusers is hard, but life is so much better  stressfree once you do it!
In studio with at Cold Clock Production, Tacoma knocking out one song for album...
Let's get it in!
She blowing me kisssesss
Obviously this is what is important when watching the State of the Union.
Blumberg: Kid focus grps on videogames reveal that frequent players were more resourceful in seeking help  that generalized to schoolwork.
spill all that T!
Uruguay to win it all
The only cure is graduation.
Crosby chirps big but won't doctorp the gloves
Book order and Joy Division: the two great tastes that taste great together
Thanks Vegas for rocking out hard, and partying like you're single!
Had a great time performing.
Oh I know.
And after knowing for the past few years nothing in the world can ever bother me...
We're New England's most affordable private college, and we're 100 online!
...
Had an amazing weekend with my family in Newport
Gia  Matt are cute :
Week 3: 'MindFirstFitness meets the Philosophy Day School Faculty'...establishing a foundation for injuryfree exercise...
Not insulted at all!
Delighted to make you laugh, however unintentionally.
:
Bloated on sushi goodness
20ThingsAboutMe I think Pretty Boys are effing hot.
c:
RT : Uggla just hit a tworun homer off top of the scoreboard in leftcenterfield.
The ball hit just above the E in ESPN
Job interview!!!
xD im excited lol.
Thanks!!
RT : Beautiful desserts yesterday ladies!
Big hit!
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes!
you think?
Foul on Jones, 26.4 to play.
Haarsma at the line two shots.
Hits first, missed second!
Bodies everywhere, Hopkins gets board, and is fouled
I hear is gonna be on a show on cbs in like a a min!
: But dinner was over three stacks...I think we over partied.
like it was 1999 huh?
Oo no doubt
You are welcome!!
:
gorgeous yacht fashion.
You little slore, I hope your better half sees that.
yea we have a show coming up  Kennywood this Friday.
Kinda last notice but we'd def love to see you at one of em soon!
And I'm excited.
Special guests promised.
Seriously.
Based on their names alone, Kara takes the cake.
At least her parents didn't hate her.
Last night, the horses escaped into my jungle.
I want to browse with them.
no!
Looking for a potential commercial space to share!
is the gallery open tonight?
as I say that..
I get startled.
10 hours in...St.
Patty's going strong!
My phones dying, I'm tired, want food and get laid.
I always crave a bagel when I'm sick
I'm so bored..
Have to buy a new car battery :/ There goes the money I was going to get from selling plasma.
Just grow the hell up 
not nice
The question is...
If i put Indiana Jones on now...
Will i wake up for work on time!?
Listening The Afghan Whigs' 'Gentleman' in Grade 7 was the first time I felt shame for being a man.
I dnt take offence to the way this generation style of music its their language everybody hav they language
Thank you for your compliment on my cut and I look forward to sharing info about hair care with you sista!!
They're playing JAMC happy when it rains hurry the f up lyfe or deth situation right here
we'll keep in touch.
You do same.
GM Tweoples!!
Headed to the gym to make it do what it don't.
A Day in the Life of Stephanie McMahon
Girl i didnt speak nothing but the truth so thats how i know you lying!
Omg a matching band led us out of the keynote speaker just now!
I love a matching band...
ooh my next tweet is my 900th!
ive never done this before so does someone want a S/O?
hehe
Roll up that good shyt  put it in the air .

Northeast Presbyterian Church greeting voters
Believe it or not I've been to the Dog Collar Museum in UK.
In fact, my then girlfriend  I made a point of going.
never give up
Nonprofessort will be a sponsor at Sunday's TeenLifeLIVE NYC!
Come by to check them out!
What song of either Rihanna or Katy Perry wish was urs to record or write?
Thatmomentwhenyourealize you're an intellectual poser b/c you read the New Yorker on the bus
can make me smile even when the clouds are gray and there's no sign of light.
Less music, more football please.
no, my mon just me the bad news and now my whole family and I are devastated....I'm devastated of stress and school...:
I been up 21 hours straight  its easy when your with me and Makinhits Woman!!
lol
I've never had to say so many insincere things before this job...meh...
great job dude!
RT : The NAACP Awards will be on tonight on Fox...make sure you tune in.
i know it's going to great!!!
When Lebron left the Cavs, they were total trash.
Orlando w/out Dwight held their own as a low seed in playoffs.
That's gotta hurt his ego.
Woke up angry!
Not sure what for, but I let it go  put on my garment of praise!
Determined to hold on to my Joy!
Choosing to be Happy!
dude im so sorry about waht happened just a stupid accident im gonna bring you something to school.
whendoyoucomeback?
Michigan State's jerseys
Gods work: Tim Tebow ain't got sht on me!
You want me quiet?
No I'ma scream about unspeakable scenes like dudes that sag calling it swag!
Sagging's not apart of doctor King's doctoram
haha yea i know

I will not suffer fools gladly, but I will gladly make fools suffer.
Bimmler instantfollowback
You.
Inspire.
Me.
stay strong 3
you know ...
Your wife would ride the Zipline!
nofear!
My pancakes always come out with a crunchy crust!
It's like we're at the same bar together : Cheers!!!
Vision of building a middleclass musician: a career that doesn't frighten parents.
Come check out surrendervegas the hottest nightclub free admission tonight just use my name Travis Sosa  the guestlist only
who ya textin?
you look awesome!!!
thank you!
Can't wait to be back on the east coast in a month and a half!
Is soo ready to be done!
The Beach Boys.
Beautiful and timeless.
has 1 sandwiches today in
Stereophonic has been down this week due to maintenance and relocation.
But we are back!
I tried Skyrim with Kinect voice commands.
Had to print a key sheet off just to reference.
Not as simple as Mass Effect 3, but still cool.
I'm TOTALLY gonna hit up for 5 at
Hi!
Just yesterday!
I went ahead and set up
Clippers had 9 fast break points last night.
Spurs had 15.
We might need you to teach a healing yoga class for our planners when all is said and done!
;
Any news of a vote actually happening or are they still chewing pizza?
So what happens next???
Is this life defined by choices,taking advanatage of opportunities, or just a long line of random occurances...hmm

Maybe!
We'll have to see how the onsale goes!!
I have exactly 227 community service hours...Yay!!!!
Hahaha.
Well thank you:!
Merry Christmas Eve
We might?
I'll fly to wherever you're reading next.
I recently TORE UP a wedding reception w/ that song.
But it needs more than me!
Road Trip!
ay let me kno if u find that.
I need some.
RE: , Ill send you an invite via your website.
Thanks for your interest!
cc
For the first time in my life, my dog ate my homework.
Literally.
Ate it.
THE doctorSSMAKER's storyline sounds vaguely familiar...
James Cameron, perhaps?
;
YES!
After months of battle, Taylor and Francis just sent us last year's issues.
VICYORY!
: I Dont Understand Why Girls Take Pictures With There Mouth Open..
Are You Trying to catch a Dick lmfao!!!
I know, I know!
I may have to make up for it at the Dance.
Let's have a strong second half and take hold of the top MWC spot.
I was just thinking make it stop, make it stop, make it stop.
Doubt that will happen, but was a nice interlude.
Earring time..bitchez my mind is on overload
I'm in Ocean City heaven right now.
Would tweet more about it...
but way too busy eating.
Workout time...
Sending me an ecard is like stabbing me in the heart.
FREE BEER at Sunday's James Carlos Blake reading in Austin 3PM.
or can we do 10:30a?
Need something to do tonight.
Oops.
Noticed a mistake in a cover letter I already sent out.
Oh well, job is located too close to Oklahoma anyway.
He party hard with his lady bt cant with his girl.....he aint trying to be with your ass shame lol
RT : My twins about to be 1 soon,aw I miss my NOLA fam miss u 1st!
This is seriously the most perfect weather for tanning.
3
I'm hanging in there, barely.
Lol
RickPerry I'm not done fighting for the cause of conservatism.
Says he has just begun fight and ends his speech w/a thumbs up and salute
I used metaekphrastic today.
it felt good.
side note: I could talk/listen to GG for HOURS.
Happy Birthday and I love you :
Dont judge me
thank you.
Right back at you!
:D
TONS of SPECIALS TODAY Anyone who buys a LOTION over 80 will receive ONE FREE MONTH in the HP booth!
All the freaks are out tonite!!
is there really something between  ?
Spring break 3
Spot on ...
David Gregory is nothing but a right wing shill, remember him dancing with MC Karl Rove a few years back?
How I Met Your Mother finale, , OKC/LA...
I have a feeling, that tonight's going to be a good night!
I remember I use to say  oh snap when I was younger now it's oh shit!
Hosting 2nd congressional candidate John Ewing at my home this evening.
To send a donation please DM me
We are Texas' 1 Choice in Home Improvement!
A BFWartimeFactoid  today in 1794 the U.S.
Congress and President Washington authorized the creation of the U.S.
Fuck u planet fitness and your shitty hours
This is so exhausting
Got Chickens and Bacon Smoking Away.
Smells Heavenly!
your chips n ice cream idea is very strange but not bad lol
People never seem to change!
Makes my life easier of who I want to surround myself around..............
M thiss rice was bomb tho it had shrimp!
:D
Hm.
No clue.
Um, we can be the first antique furniture/pizza shop!
RT : Cool!
RVA pilot!
RT : My aerial video coverage of Borel on Super Saver winning the
We knew yesterday was just a tease ...
But he looks like a little homo monkey that shops at baby gap!
Gay ass pride, you knoeee.
I'm very annpyed that all my shows are ending for the season
np scary monsters and sprites
blazers suck!
Pathetic excuse for an NBA team.
peeta is sexy.
well i hope whoever stole my amazon package of the west by west book from my front porch has a merry christmas!!!
if this bitch doesnt shut the fuck up knockout shhh help stilltalkingggggggg :s
yep, been pumping it
In tweetdeck, it's a field you can type offensive words into, so tweets containing those words never appear in your timeline.
Jesus is my Champion!
FollowMeAsIFollowChrist!
wtf is wrong with that kids hair?
The worst part is that he is going to the one team that always gets the questionable calls in their favor...His PIs are going to go way down
Always wondered if John Wooden could successfuly coach today's athlete.
Would love to hear Jerry Sloan's answer to that question today.
thanks to for giving Buffalo a chance!
next up April 21st!
at least we ain't go to game 7.
Lol
RIP LIZZIE.
u will not be forgotten.
that is about as cool as Lebron jumping over a human to dunk
You cannot run a small or large business alone!
Hire an administrative assistant today!
Ready to get my learn on with Google Places
AAAAHHHHH!!!
Dale Jr.
was so close to winning!
Atleast he made to 2nd.
: Congrats Matt Kenseth on your win!
Is anyone else just a little afraid that Justin Bieber can vote now?
They don't go on sale till tomorrow at 4!
Still have a little bit of waiting to do
something about you that I like :...
have a great day
know your vocatives, dudes!
You need to separate the addoctorssee from the rest of the sentence with a comma.
See my first sentence.
JUST DOWNLOADED AngelsAndGentlemen okay so lets get this collab going Cody Simpson and Psanders
If someone doesnt realize your worth its cause they arent worth it
can't wait for that 4/20 tweet : love you Bella !
Good look at tryouts !
xo you'll be great I know !!
My nigga just came to see me.
Ain't chopped it up wit her in a while.
2x as many women consult doctorGOOGLE than men.
I'm probably the worst!
I google EVERYTHING!
doctor just told me I have high cholesterol..
213...
shocking!
health kick starts now!
This is my daily mantra.
Focus RT : Theirs has nothing to do with yours.
Stay focused.
Free Munch G !
RT The man who gave us 100 Years Of Solitude celebrates his birthday today.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez turns 86
watch it in Netflix!
What's your point with respect to my comment ?
you're very welcome and thank you!

PLEASE HELP US REPORT THIS ACCOUNT.
it's horrible.
Why do some people have to go this low to make an account like that
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
Bottomless Mimosas now until 3pmonly 12Red wine tasting all day and congrats on the engagement last night, it was a wonderful moment.
oh hush it woman!!!!you know I love ya!
I feel like the Dave Chapell pop copy sketch whenever I walk into office depot.
Bleed Hoya blue?
Think cancer sucks?
Follow for exciting updates from Georgetown's Relay For Life.
Baby sitting people is a major buzzkill.
Go lay your ass down with a bottle of water till you feel better
This weekend if you are on the water the COOLEST thing to wear is a LIFE VEST!
Be Safe!
Have Fun!
How do you keep your chord progressions from sounding stale?
Do you even care?
Amy Rasmussen of Chicago Arts Partnerships for Education.
Recognizes the conference as a call to action
staying home this year for Thanksgiving.
Looking forward to having 4 days off!
Procrastination is the key to failure.
Tiffini Sherai Jones
What grade are you looking for to complete the quad?
I said yes :
That day cannot come soon enough.
I miss you already!
.: Whole family loves Frog  Toad.
And all the Ramona books prompted conversations about real life.
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess, because just like in a game of chess, the queen protects the king.
Goals set, time to act
Happy Easter to everybody on twitter
Congratulations on your success,I got mad love 4 u and hope u hit Orlando,we need a Queen Bee takeover!
VISIT ME!
dang!
I knew I should of changed my picture!...tomorrw I'll wear a Browns jersey.
friendsnow?
LOVE the name of the new Cerner Campus.
Merry Christmas everyone!
haha that's sick!
RT : Work like a servant to eat like a KING!!!!
I love you so much!
Seriously, there's green icing flowing down.
Thanks 4 your interest and support.
Much needed and appreciated.
Why Good Mornin Stylistas and Stylistos!!!
I went from east to now the south!!!
Got some things set up out here tht sounds like a good idea
Can't sleep...
Lamb now working really hard to get over those ball screens.
Kinda loving today.
You go, girl!
Is there an Avengers screening tonight?
Where?
lol damn well if u do ill be ready if not its cool
When were you planning on getting St.
doctornken's Day Tickets by the way?
Contact and we'll hook you up.
I'm shopping for summer reading ideas.
bookaday is looming over me, and I have about 20 books ready and waiting.
Suggestions?
I have a secret.....
Goodness...
Glad you're ok!
didn't give u a proper good morning.
MUAH!
I am here if u need anything.
I see Scandal  downtime in your future sir.
Our French Fries are a musttry!
They are authentic Belgian fries and made from freshly cut potatoes!
Need to catch up on yesterday's quotes..
but it's MUSTSEEJV time for some big boy baseball!
wonderful!
Be as creative as you feel necessary!
A doctorAM IS NEVER OLD SO LONG AS IT WAKES UP EVERY MORNING WITH NEW LIFE.The postman came this afternoon to deliver another shoe machine
Catch me on CNN at 2:50!
I'll be talking about jurors cashing in on high professorle cases in 20 minutes
Yeah.
I can't stand them live.
RT : Valentine's Day is NEXT WEEK and We've got a Great Gift for the Beer Lover in your life!
Check it out:...
Nothing unites the shadowy forces of the penny lobby like a proposal to stop production.
Prepare to meet the wrath of Big Penny.
Barca is rocking out goals today  play smart, not hard!
hey can u follow me?
I like talking to u lol
my phone died damn
Tax increases?
McDuffe, wilde, Hunter, Henderson no!
Day yes for high income earners over 300k
Anytime!
Keep the good eats coming!
Gonna root hard for Kansas on Monday night.
I will consider all your works  meditation on all your mighty deeds.
Psalm 77:11,12
A special shout out to new Head Coach Joe Tartamella!
Be sure to follow for stjwbb news / updates!
Cap: Hulk?
Smash.
C, we create custom twitter Backgrounds 4 pro athletes  we are Noles!
Would love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM us if u want 1
Back in the north.
Fall arrived while we were gone.
Beautiful colors!
Top of the morning to all, everyone have a blessed day!
Happy Friday...
I just want some loyal niggas on my team..
that are down to come with me  experience this doctoram Avenue listening to an beat ILL!
I wonder what fish smelled like before woman went swimming.
Should've went to chubbs to at least see if anybody was out there, still got time but idk
over slepted with my nap oh no :
hasn't been able to fix our dishwasher in 4 visits.
Kinda makes you worry about their nuclear power plants.
From an amazing senior seminar on commerceculture my senior year as in undergraduate in English at RU.
What years were you there?
Looking pretty fresh in that Indianapolis hat!
Welcome to the team Luck!
Haha, the song is surprisingly not as provocative as the title.
Thanks for the new music, boss!
:
I wanna live good I wanna live right my in securities are eating me alive
followed.
And thanks!
:

whoever said ACG's was comfortable; is a motherfuckin lie
What happened at practice?
Read 80 lines of Euripides in 1 hour today.
I didn't read them well, but I still rule this an accomplishment.
could be interesting, especially if painted w/ the detail of a Dutch master, of a student w/ macbook, Starbucks, despair.
Reds, currently in second place, just lost and are 1616 now.
Anyone going to ASU still need a roommate???
Get that man an orthopod stat!
Just another stat to the white folks .
Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
I know...I've made a few jokes about how they owe the pitching staff several rounds of doctornks due to the extra work!
Im OK ID Sam and Zayn went out ;P so then they could be in iCarly evryday!!!
My balls itch
Walk!
Yankees now down 42.
Overcoming a sore throat.
Trying to to walk 25.5 miles today to a nice hot shower.
The walk is a grade up b/c wlking on Hwy 26 twrds Mt.
Hd
Takeaway from ArtClix: Andoctorid dev complicated by vendor/carrier implementations.
Build your own And.
tools for best effect.
right!
I can't wait to give someone dysentery right before they get to Cali.
NO DANK BUDS FOR YOU
She is a little off  little bi polar.
He had so many warnings about courtney.
no not by you its me I should ever talked about it
lol im a Stan!
and i do that..haha XD
did you get to AZ?
me too, its weird!
just need it to be summer so i can sleep in more lol
Had the best birthday ever :
Exactly!
So we have to win these games!
i plan on hiding out in my room for the rest of the night, it sounds very nice.
Loner!
RT : Your body hears everything your mind says.
Naomi Judd
Sorry the spammers found it but at least it was at the end!
okay, sweet!
I don't have to be in school until 10:30 and I'm up at 7:23 anyway.
What is wrong with me?
Ugh.
Dats Right RT : Quality over quantity
thanks!
Do you recommend that for all with hashimotos?
We should get along famously, Jean...
Two new snapbacks
RT I got war money, baby...
I wanna show you how I store money, baby.
Man shaving with an electric razor on the highway
i'm jealous !
D:
Please follow me3
You got it ;
Thanks for the follow!
go tigers
Good Morning:
Thank you Sonic for messing up my order.
I order french toast sticks and get a BLT sandwhich.
CloseEnough FoodIsFood Bacon 3
Former Beavers safety Brandon Hardin kicking it with live talks about being doctorfted by Da
Great job tonight !
Stay aggressive and let your game speak for itself.
thinking of coming to shanghai librarians.
Best way to travel from hkg?
Train or fly?
Hot out today!
I am writing you a letter explaining everything I'm feeling.
Yet, I only use a few words that are truly mine, how is that possible.
Ahaha Uu Stupid RT : I want a slice of you togo
Mann I'm waiting on u today just let me kno when u coming out
I love Paleo Mayo.
Requires good patience to make it right though but so good in egg salad.
scms12 turns to Free Culture and Gravitation as examples
I am willing to unfollow and lose your game 1361.
Goodbye.
Mayor Ed Tauer speaks at Cops Fighting Cancer event this morning.
Ours is 11.5 lbs.
Usually hides behind a speaker.
Sometimes hides bet coffee table and couch.
Sometimes under bed.
Guards son, guards
i love the elvis.
Caught a few zs in my car at SaveOurClincs then back up for radio interview.
Rahm can extinguish a grill but not our movement.
followed you.
Follow back?
:
i'm thinking tavern on the hill?
DJing Tonight!!
Make sure to come out for the best Party in town, served by the best Staff in town!!!
theawkwardmomentwhen You actually can't decide what seat to take.
Yes...great meeting indeed!
Trying to scarf down this bagel who knows when I can eat next.
dentist Goodluck who's going this morning as well!
Just be a man about it
Ok good night...
well good morning :

Taken  Single  Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.
Meet Mother Jones!
myperfed.com/lessons.php Free Daily WarmUps for historyTeacher 
No, as a matter of fact.
You'd be surprised how broadbased the ABC movement is.
We're bipartisan, from all walks of life.
If there was some way to quantify social awkwardness, Econ majors would beat out all the others.
Good Morning
Life's to do list.
Run a marathon and sleep on a strangers couch
thanks!
Looking forward to introducing him to my musical collection.
Any recommends are welcome...
She miss U 2 thats why she keeping U around positive people
GIRLS by Lena Dunham is awesome check it out on HBO
Thank you!
We are a proud new member of Chicago Southland Chamber
Tried following the Apple iPad announcement on TweetDeck...but the stream was so large it crashed the program.
Still can't get in..grrrrr
Anyone with an iPhone have heytell?
Holler at me
on local news, man arraigned for making his dog doctornk by giving it vodka to doctornk
Moving day yesterday, first day of classes at Tulane today.
Officially beginning my next chapter!
So nice to meet you too!
no offense about the germaphobe thing, wish I could've stayed but for sure next time!
Great testimony from sponsors and school leaders in support of SB 576.
ThingsICantLiveWithout god, country music, family, friends, that special someone, my pets, music, sleep, chocolate!!!:D
hahaha fuck you cunt xD and don't worry bout it who im fuckin tonight cause it ain't you hahahaaha
Some where in the world a girl just pulled out her free boosie panties and did a twerk video.
Smh
The Imaginary Band correction  our show at 58 Main will be August 11th!
Somehow my twitter tweeted without me!
Next show 4/28 at Mastrellas
She looked at me and put a frost on everyone's vodka
Invisible People only got 10 in donations for last 2 months...
Is Laura's twitter account ?
BAM!
It's Friday!
This week came and went before we knew it!
absolutely!!!
Let's get together girl
Poor west brom being crushed by chelsea
I know I'm late but man I couldn't make it.
Tomorrow.
It's going to be a day...
At least vacation can then begin.
Well time off work can begin.

Are you a product of your environment?
Or is your environment a product of you?
your tat is dope bro .
.
.
LadyAntebellum is coming to the Lloyd Noble in Norman, OK on April 7th.
I just fell in love with after hearing she's collaborating with Gdoctorgon and of BIGBANG!!!!!!
So, I had been working on the iMac for a couple hours when it suddenly shut down.
I think it's overheating.
Somethings I just can't take
P.S.
I think we've worked together before, when you were with My maiden name: Scurlock.
Going to have to check out in Atlantic City some time, AMG does some big things!
Zesting is serious business, but it's worth it.
This celtics sixers game is getting intense.
A beautiful blend of ginger, licorice, cinnamon and mint.
Perfect for pairing with your favorite Holiday jammies.
So many fun concerts this week.
Are you attending any?
Aug 23: Keha presents the Get leazy Tour  The Lawn at White River State Park ..
If i write a post about sleeping with married men, would you be entertained or appalled?
GusterAmsterdam Two things that totally rock!
hahahahahahaha that episode was absolutely ridiculous so funny.
Y'all tune in to
I see artist promoting release dates but never see them on the charts.
All great record label R great becuz of sales Inbox me 4 sales charts
so jealous!!
Bring me any leftovers to lex tomorrow!
Good call, saving that job for tomorrow.
RT : gross man clean behind your ears too
On my way to the Fair!
lol that's funny
Indeed, I send my good vibes to your sick kitten, but hopefully some pungent cat nip in the near future as well.
Consensus was hot Sat going 921 in CFB and Sun so far just over 100 cappers posted and 8 consensus so far with more to come
you're welcome.
Now don't go thinking I think you're good at stuff or whatever.
RT If those with the least among us don't succeed, none of us will.
Brian Gallagher.
Your mad at me because you called me a bitch and now I won't talk to you oh you make sense
your Welcome :
Djokovic to meet Murray Defending champion Novak Djokovic booked a showdown with Andy Murray in the Sony Ericsson Open final after defeat
OMG perfect bracket so far!
SOCIALITES SOIREE Barber  Beauty day party 5.20 l Indoor pool l Balcony View l Canary  Cream Edition l NEWEDITION ticket giveaway
I'm really starting.to despise the Thieves Guild.
It's not horrible but it's he same jobs over and over for 4 special jobs.
lol damn why so rude haha
preach.
I have not heard one person say something negative about them.
So excited for tonight!
RT : Live tweet at the Capital Food Fight, use foodfight as the hashtag.
Happy Sonday everyone!
And may God richly bless you all!
lol his booty shake
I had to bite back a real LOL.
NICE!
i had a great time meeting  talking  2 u wish i got a pic w/u but ty 4 the autograph  signing my nephew's shirt 3
For every video you sent me ...
when I check the statistics ...
they are all popular in USA 3
haha yeah Purdue and IUPUI both had asked me!
Specialeffin' Libraries Thursday Today, Prison Librarian guest speaker.
then come : no cause the wheels were popped Dx haha
yeah, its a done deal
oh god I JUST found the bruise from yesterday...
perhaps I was a bit too enthusiastic about the fenceleaping
I have yet to see a look I don't like.
This must mean the end of the world is nigh.
that's awesome then how come I never see you
funny shirt :
Paiche Amazone with Ramps and Fiddlehead Fern risotto welcoming Spring!
Just got tix to in DC.
What!?!
Im so lazy...
love u too.this is why im going to be
hangin at soccer camp
Disney Channel stars speak out against cyberbullying
I love the smell of CSS in the morning.
It smells like Absolute Positioning.
we are doing pretty good, exhausted but good.
How are you?
aww love you princess :
What can u do?
Ask ques., offer to help find resources, get other friends/family involved.
Don't hesitate to call 911 if life is in danger.
Happy birthday, GirlScouts!
:
Whenever I see people I am actually happy to see I look like a fat scrub.
Paul Molitor is the best clutch hitter, base stealer and 82 crew had best infield.
He is loyal to his fans and continues to be.
Is Pedoctor on deck????
Interop Webcast  4/18 Effective cloud services today will deliver more benefits later.
Looking for bloggers on our Royals sister site MLB FantasyBaseball.
Send a a message if you're interested!
Thanks for the RT  hope you are well!
Excellent, as always.
I admire your patience in responding to this stuff week after week.
Your schedule is worse than mine...lol Let me know when.
let's get you some tickets then!
RT Please follow  a new brother site in Christ.
I would appreciate it
see you midday Sat.
i hope today goes by fast!!!!
hey what s up :D
Bestie where the hell r u???
lol
I say 2010!
Is that doable for ya?!
Maybe let's see if some awesome band plays there next year or something.
Been Followin U For A Min N No Follow Back!??!
SEE YA!
Damn typo  I meant Zentai!
!
We could do it all at once!
I'll hit you up here the day before or something.
Well, it seems to me that it would be off to bed, tweet me some time people, and I promise I will tweet back!
I still love you Timmy :
follow back?
when you pre order the album will it arrive on the day or do you not know?
Thank god I remembered .
That woulda been a huge spoiler.
I would have felt terrible.
Nashville just got owned.
just came on my station and I automatically thought of you!
: Having such a realistic doctoram that you're not sure if it actually happened or not.
Not as much vomit on the streets as i thought therekd be today.
Just saw my name in the acknowledgments of a book for the first time!
ooooohhh, that girl had a manly voice
It's a great night for hottubbin:
cant wait to see what night is going to be industry night?
I love iPad?
I'm  9am EST hour talking womenshealth issues, 's allmale birthcontrol panel wherearethewomen nogirlsinthetreehouse?
lol exactly?
Something about that quite gas to be wrong.
Or my weed is weird.
Can't be my weed.
It's awesome.
WOW our basketball team lost tonight by 2 points in last 4 seconds...even stillI am so proud of them for the season they had...
Keshia didn't know any good stuff man.
So glad I got a job today!
Yo mamma is so fat you'll need a navigator to go around her.
actually Donnie, I didn't do shit, but click a button and now I rise and grind like the rest of yous
Beautiful vibe cooked wave with the fam
Know of any kids giving back?
KidsAreHeroes would like to feature them!
Send 'em their way!
Talking to Abigail
5 more minutes till freedom  beginning my 3day weekend!
fly safe and happy sir!!!
Looks hot.
Show more!
:
: the new frontier of post publication peerreview: it will happen on pages separate from the original article
are you going to have any tickets for the home play off game?
Seriously feel so crappy.
:
Today is your birthday?
Have a great one!
:D
Happy holidays to all our vendors and clients from the entire Cater2.me team!
:
Just finished a video project that's going to be on more than 100 websites.
YIKES.
No one told me that....
Would you rather have xray vision or bionic hearing?
Thanks!
Woof!
To you!
Well that amazing Dupree 30 for 30 ended just in time to see the NYRangers send this into OT.
bucciovertimechallenge Gaborik Chimera
Chad Hartman discussed obesity, now John Williams is reviewing the indignity of an allyoucaneat bufet restricting servings.
So excited for Les Miz, 1st rehearsal tonight!
:
OH.
I've had those days.
Only mine are dealing w/peds clients, then home to my 12 and 16 year olds, then wine.
:
I'm sick but I still have to go to school...
FML
I know that feel.
I need a good nap spot on campus.
Did not.
I was glad to a brotha make it into the last episode.
Brewers win was 11th in April.
That means they take 11 off the price of a Terrace level ticket for Reds series.
Great promotion.
Dave Scott is headed to the San Diego Zoo this morning.
He'll be talking about Walk on the WildSide
Theres a difference between giving up, and knowing when youve had enough.
Oh wow!
NC RT Did not know Chuck Brown was born in Gaston, NC.
pretty involved, both SLA  MLA.
not on a super high level, but committees and such.
:
I need a place to see what cupcakes  toppings are available.
I've come in twice to only chocolate : it was late tho
Getting ready for the CASCA show tomorrow!!!
Police lining up around edge of Vietnam Vets, speaker says know that this decision is your own
Love You Baby Have a GoodNight Mwwwaaah :p
Who gets pizza from Subway?
There are so many better options...
Maybe there are some things I'm just not meant to understand.
LITERALLY MY MOTTO!!!
Get from around me if you complacent!!!
Had a great time, hopefully my group did too!
Little John and professorssor nuts soon hit the stage
: Jeans being too tight on the calves  way too loose on the waist ..
Hello Khorri, I have something you might be interested in writing a story for.
When can we talk?
I just had a deep conversation about Burger King with my best friend.
This is why we are best friends.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks Brian.
We just saw several twit pics about this book.
Too funny!
I'm asking for my own house.
You're welcome to do it.
So beauty as a theme for morning prayer fit with your morning already, I see.
Water features such as a pond, fountain or waterfall are almost always the first thing that catches the attention of your guests
Many, many congrats.
Kudos to you
Have you Try SAKIRI Vodka, The new preferred Hollywood vodka?
going to play with the KUbrick my smarty, look for some apps, then doctorft back to sleep.
TY and May God bless you and yours as well!!
need that.
Any idea where I can get that
I need a SF turnover...now!
i wish you would have said hi.
we could have hung out
Ah thanks!
Also: Think I'm gonna change my name.
Girl, yes he is.
They call him the Cuban Brad Pitt.
Brad Pitt wished he looked so good.
Loving blue shirt remix!
What do you pair with your chambray?
perhaps.
: but at least I'm warm now.
: Let's bring the money  jobs from online poker to the US!
Simply license online poker by adding to the Cybersecurity Act.
RT : Tru dat!
Can graduates provide scenarios to you?
lrnchat Love that idea!
just called my mom incompetent
ridiculous right?
Jimmer won Best College Athlete  shocker that a white guy beat out the actual athletes in a nationwide vote.
nope u can keep that ugly  color :
take me with u
I am freaking out over the differences between GoT and the book.
Ignoring me again.
That's okay.
Just sleep with your eyes open tonight.
Good morning my twitter family
yes it was crazy
Long pass to Gathers to stop at the clippers 16 yrd line.
9 secs left!
Please join me FriSat 10/1516: A Tribute to Lena Horne with Diablo Ballet.
See Events tab for details.
I'm excited!
Going to the Apple store to get my MacBook fixed didn't give me a headache at all....
My life is plagued by road construction!!!!
Dont ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Who in LA wants to work next Tuesday and Wednesday?
Email to learn more, a super secret promo job awaits!
Thanks dude, glad you do.
Video update soon w/ a clip of new music.
RT : i love your guys song She Said :D
so supportive of my disorder
Trying to decide if the sky just turned reddish, or greenish.
The latter probably means I should be seeking shelter.
some followers come some followers go remeber that.
dont get mad when people decide to unfoloow you thats they choice
where ARE you?
In traffic?
No cell service in this classroom, clearly :
Just tapped, Hop Henge Experimental IPA
Steve Prefontaine reincarnation alert....
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with Nike GPS.
that's mathematically impossible!
You know you work too much when you dont even have time to commute to the office...
Shit just got real.
Like for realz Lakers down 4.
What is going on?
Seems like yesterday this series was 31 LA.
yeah buddy...
let us know if you run into any
Great event honoring Community Scholars and the donors who make it possible.
We've been to 2 coffee shops and figuring out the third place to go.
Bad Wifi, Loud Music
watching glee.
On SpringBreak and lovin it!
:D
Pretty sleepy.
What a day!
wait nvm kayla dont look at it im changing it again .
Few things in life are as satisfying as seeing how big an ex looks now
Not used to girls?
I have daughters and no sons.
I have sisters and no brothers.
My life is girls.
Yes, I cringe everytime I hear my state mentioned on the news.
Because they don't watch Family Guy, or clueless about Star Trek?
I'm not scared....
Okay maybe a little...
am i alive or dead?
best.
mom.
ever.
RT : Shoutout to my mom for getting me Monicals
I saw campers, yes.
Right next to the river too.
But I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with any of them up there.
I'm in dire need of a good vacation, girl time with my girls, and a few good men.
Why Santa Claus so mufkn short?
Turn up the musicChris brown
Feelin like misterClark all these hoes tryin to lean in me
I'm at work till 3.
But after work I wanted to see if you wanted to match and see if you could tape me up.
I think Henrik doth protest too much.
thank you!
Tonight RawRuss at Cervantes MasterPiece BallRoom 3 3 3 Come and ENjoY  ENvy Protege Designs 
writing raps
if u follow back

Don't make an Aquarius mad.
They'll remain friendly and calm while plotting something intricate to erase you out
will do.
Thanks!
Anything you think I definitely have to see/eat before I leave?
It's all about the loonies, just like in the US.
Joakim Noah shooting his finger pistols like he just nailed a putt at the Waterbury Open never gets old!
love the new secret commercial with !
do you eat local honey?
that's helped me adjust to a bunch of different spring climates
This line is to long
I let go, he didn't.
You didn't want me when you had me His loss
Tired of all this crap the waiting is what kills but no surprise he has a girlfriend
haha sorry about the confusion, hope you were still able to get on the waiting list for Great Britain!
Once again tonight, LeBron doesn't take the last shot for the
Link to letter from the OCA?
I'm a vegetarian and have been for six years, but you've inspired me to try my hand at veganism!
any tips?
Doesn't more surface area make it easier to cool?
Less to heat up though.
Over 48 Hours Ago called...they want their video back
The Rangers didn't do so well this morning, let's see how the quakes do against Vancouver.
How to Present MatchRate PLUS to the Business Owner
i just want to hear it, u know i dont work there no more?
watching neversaynever directors cut RIGHT NOW!
omb!
its amazing!!!!
S/O to all you 'diminutive minded broken hearted' ladies, managing to fall for another asshole  ignoring another gentleman..
Enormous confidence/ego boost when Sirius XM employees compliment my voice.
Why oh why don't I have a resume on me?
Definitely not an ignorant tweet, no offense taken here, and I have the same questions as you.
Everyone is trying to run website scams to doctorve subscribership up for the page rankings.
Its not 2002 anymore and that way wont work.
What's up w Kanye and all these bum ass outfits?!?!
He and Kim don't look good together at all
he has no choice haha the creeps flock to me !
Did a 3day and was super happy.
Comp.
full  flavors were great.
Heard excellent things about too.
don't question it; you know in your heart what is best!
I'm watching the show on Fox 5.
It is SO good.
Latin American talent.
Jennifer Lopez.
Exciting and Excellent.
Here comes second hour.
Time for a trip to the record store.
Let's go Bucs!!
Luv the pink bats:
hot dog man time flys well congratulations lil sister
Don't know what I would do w/o my sister though .
She really has my best interest at heart  I love her for that .
And now I see your point for privacy.
If u don't understand the context, many times you miss the point.
Back in the land of the living.
i'am a blonde
only the babies mother is deprived of sleep
Im going to kill someone if it does
I refuse to go out of my way to speak if you don't do the same.
Or you feel like u only wanna speak sometimes with yo FAKE ass.
So lonely.
We will be posting numerous tweets but following them would be highly recommended.
We will only be retweeting extra special ones
Hi there.
How was your day?
questionsthatdontgetanswers What's going through my boyfriend's mind.
We will!!!
The Iceman strikes again..
I wish my parents would just buy me a new car.
Once again,
Voice over for captainin America promo today at The Refinery.
Thank you Hasbro!
The next voice your child hears on TV could be mine..
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards  V.S.
Law
Good morning world
Spontaneous proposal during surgery : this is why I love Greys anatomy 3
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell, I'm a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well.
I gotta take a final.
Great chatting with about The Human Mosaic Project!.
Thanks so much for your time :.
Congratulations to Jered Weaver on throwing a nohitter.
I don't even know why Mike Brown is still calling timeouts.
Ain't nobody listening to him.
good night/good morning 
It's getting another round of work done today.
;
nowhere yet I'm trying to get there
hahaha so u didnt sing today
Happy Monday!
Without the tireless support of YST's donors and friends, we would not be able to help Tulsa's youth.
Thank you!
Cooking channel : great programing for fun and easy dishes.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS alton brown
Vine has him down in the salt mines.
See u in Germany Mainz !
3
I'm still up like I ain't hitting the gym at 6:30 in the morning.
Smh...
The Schneider Group loves Hillcrest too!
About to close an escrow that way!
50 Cent, what are you doing in Floyd's entourage?
Satan girl!!
No Jesus!
Lol
see you there!
That rocks!
RT : Have been asked 3 times during SXSW where I get my hair done.
Thanks Melanie!
The new shoe policy is horrible.
Why must I wait for my associate when he is busy and others aren't
RT : Seeing the Black Keys tonight.
Give me 3 songs I need to know before concert.
Tighten Up, Lonely Boy, Nova Baby
Knock knock, who could it be?
18yearsofmemories I have no experience of being this age but it must feel great
Working on a capstone and jobhunt is a definitely a juggling act
Chatting with a shopper about and how great it is.
Delicious!
A great tasting peanutfree alternative to peanut butter.
Is there any thatcamp Cool Aid?
I snorted White Russian out of my nose after reading that.
Thanks bud
I just got back from Atlanta, but I'm game to go back!!!
He needs Propofol, stat.
RT: pray prayforjustinbieber if u love him : he needs our prayer : getwellso0n i love u Bieber
I'm not gonna keep cleaning this house anymore if the day after I clean it it gets wrecked.
it's understandable how hard it is for Joakim Noah to act like a human being, considering he looks so much like a monkey
Just jumpinn on my trampoline hahahaha .
I feel like a little kid again .
What, you never heard of daybreak?
Thursday last day of the week this week
We support saving St Mark's as well.
Suggest 40,000 who agree to contribute 10 cents/month 2 help pay rent  let's keep them here.
Thank you Ricky!!
We are headed to LA now!!
: he hopes to run into you there :
How bout them Badger, TD pass to Russell Wilson
the man and his music is coming....loud and clear
I LOVE IT.
I LOVE IT.
I LOVE IT WHEN YOU EAT IT.
Apologies to our nocturnal Members!
JoinSporting.com will be down for a couple hours tonight due to general mantienence.
Seriously this family guy commercial for WHeat thins is the best thing I've seen all year.
Been making fun of my mom for years 4 this issue.
yes you do !
Don't lie
It happened...
I downloaded
MdCBF Shout outs pt3 Sorry if I missed U!
Well DJ laz was pimp with the limp RT : Are you pimp or limp
AH I wish I was there!
My dad was at today!
sum black/royal blue/orange Jordans : 
my hubby  I just watched ur show.
He said if they get divorced, I will lose faith in humanity.
I agree, ur a great family.
I have Friday...
Then the Sunday the everyone has off.
Lol.
Oh, I do like basil.
I have learned that pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
No I do not want a gift certificate for 20.
I want what I ordered.
The feeling of being sick, but your not really sick.
You're just sad, upset, unhappy.
You just feel like laying in bed all day.
Mega Man, Mario 2, and Zelda 2  influences I spotted on the 8bit episode of
One day my doctoram is to be an MBA advisor.
Getting paid for not answering emails or providing feedback or guidance
you back at home yet?
Doing a lot of thinking...
Sick of feeling this way.
And I'm so tired of being nice.
Putting both feet down.
Diversity no longer a problem to be solved but something to be embraced.
It's a strength not a liability
Sad.
I liked icarly!
Haha ohwell only the good shows die young
Follow the adamouski for updates on our current art competition.
The website is not fully finished, however can be used for registration.
Shooting an event tonight in Laguna beach:
Looking forward to a day of fun tomorrow and then mtgs  debates start!
I'd trade the entire Minnesota Wild roster for one Claude Giroux ...
Matt is upset the Patriots lost.
Follow him so he feels better!
Getting ready to launch our first video for the ProSkidoctorw campaign!
Get ready!
that is so gee aye why.
I love it
that's our oasis!
:P
Mondays used to excite me..
then the Bachelor ended.
Will do 
Long legs  The gift and the curse!
Yes!
That will now be my goal!
Let the awards roll in.
I am still trying to figure out WTF??
So weird that u got cut off!!
when all else fails just add a hat ; takes it from meh to fab!
Like the fire needs the air I won't burn unless your there 
haha its chill, i was like y she calling me a dummy lol
Thanks, Ty!
Walking is great!
I've promised to post before  after pics...soon!
We won't let anyone ruin our namestop our causes.We treat your libelous harming attempts with utmost seriousness.
In Austin TX for the sacubo fall workshop.
Dinner/dance tonight: University business officers line dancing is a scary sight
We brought the rain back with us to NYC...
at least for a moment...
time to kick on some ...
I'm happy to distract!
And BTW my pitch is improving!
My coach told me so yesterday...3 weeks and counting, ya heard??
won a free lunch through !
so looking forward to checking out next week!
Hi my friends in Iran ask me to tell you we r vey sorry 4 buying neversaynever without copyright permission there's no choice
Wonders how many Saturday night pasta dinners has had in his life.
Thank you!
RT : Arguing with a fool proves there are two.
Doris M.
Smith
you are so beautiful!
do you guys remember the party were doing for the project?
Cause I sure as hell don't...
had a doctoram i bought a ducati :
Another Friday night at home because I have nothing better to do and 'cause I suck at life and because YOLO.
Good submit!
I'll subscribe proper now wth my feedoctorader software package!
Chubb: Research hasn't ID'ed what skill set is effective for use of edtech.
Without that, hard to est.
professor development.
Just gave in...
hello Twitter world
just finished another screencast tutorial on using Presio's search tab
For every year Lebron doesnt win a ring his hair line keeps going back.
Just saw the new Mission Impossible movie.
Really goodeveryone knew how to kick butt.
Great action.
Congratulations to New Jerusalem Primitive Baptist Church, for upgrading to Divine Graphix Inc.
Another Network member in Divine Order!!
Good job, kentuckywildcats!
Shooting better than 50 in the second half makes up for all those 1st half turnovers!
Dear Borders, why do you require a credit card number to download a free ebook?
Hmm?
Pocketwatchers deserve to die and ima always stay fly and always stay fried
Who's excited for MarchMadness???!
This girl!!!
BORED:x
There is a perfectly good reason why so many SANDIEGO staple businesses chose us for their Web Design and SEO !
Integrity
One more Rondo.
ONE more reb.
who am I taking to the venue or whos gonna be there?
I think bader will try too stand early til he feels rampages power than he will try too takedown page but I don't think he can and page will
watch party in the office for
its always doctorma at the school i go to !
that school needs to be called doctorma High !
bout to go World Peace on this asian if she doesn't turn down that chopstix music
Assume that everything you post will be found by the person you least want to find out.
your RTs only make my psychic penis harder!
Agree.
There were some good ideas at Regulatory Relief Day,  great to eliminate unnecessary  costly burdens on small biz.
...BOOM
Dear our game got messed up somehow.
Will u start a new one with me?
it's gametime...
Wanted to get my thank you cards done today but I don't think I should lick envelopes and spread my germs across the country.
Where and what time
Well , I sure hope so because I joined AFTRA yesterday!
Huge thanks to my talented friend !!!
U know what for :
Arrived safely jekyllisland and had a great dinner  marshside bar and grill.
georgia wild caught Shrimp delish
Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
We made it to Chattanooga, despite more van trouble.
Pumped for tonight's show with and Ravello at JJ's Bohemia.
Come on out!
ok man we will get our tennis on for sure!
doctorams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
Anyone else doctorssing up for Star Wars Day tmw?
you working tonight?
remember the legshakingcellulitehavingshortdoctorsswearing fat chick?
shes just informed me she is a burlesque dancer.
Just bought a washer and doctorer...
:/
True.
Good defense by MP, but need a 3point threat.
ASTD2011 Meet  Eat  anyone sticking around and want to meet up for dinner?
I was a nonbeliever until my work took me to cup race in Atlanta.
Gave up suite tix to sit in stands for green flag.
Pretty soon everyone will have tattoos, Eames furniture, fancy hats, and Iphones.
I'm bout to say fuck the whole situation ...lmao
The Survivors Workshop, pioneered by The Meadows trauma and addiction treatment center, is a fiveday concentrated workshop that investig
Closed today, but looks like a great day for a ride.
We are doing a company picnic today.
Ride safe!
RT : The force is strong within you my friend, use it to transform the world in ways never before thought possible by others!
:D
well yea of course I would but you would need to take about a 3 hour flight lmao
I'll keep an eye out too, I follow the author on here so hopefully she'll update on the process :
Cause we're lame...haha
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book !!!!!!!!!
if only every day started so nicely, right?
hope you have a great week!!
Let's connect via another medium where we can speak in greater depth.
Feel free to email me at Melaniest DOT ours AT gmail.
:
yes I'm a complete and total smartass.
Don't like it?
Oh well.
Once in awhile I get it right!
Man.
Can R Kelly please get his style back!
He can't even put out his music cus everybody doing him right now!
I know ya pain Kelz!
It's yours for life!
Tweet us your muglclub number!
Called me a nasty, freak, hoe lol
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
home is good.
Leaving for Aruba in less than
I scroll through the Most Popular shows list on Hulu for too long.
I'm glad Whitney exists so I know to stop scrolling once I get there.
always!
Might have to change my name to idoctorveskj ;
Do you have both your personal and business accounts tied into HuitSuite, or just business?
Hahaha, ok ok you NEED to watch it.
, no more tweeting.
Domination
These last 10 minutes on the elliptical has been extremely difficult.
Maybe the distraction of a post will help.
I agree I liked Raven
Colorado is crying because I'm leaving this weekend
i think im bout 2 kall it a nite.......
sad face
heading back to seattle.
Hows next tue or wed?
Hey!!
jasminator mind following me back!?
.
yeah, I'm excited.
And it's a packed house.
Feeling very underread though...
nothing much...we gotta get together!
Are you ready for some Football?!!
AMANDA KNOX MURDER CONVICTION OVERTURNED!!!!...Choose Faith, Family, Friends and STRENGTH..
CHOICE defines who you are..
BE CHOOSEY!!!
tummy hurts :
I wonder if Peyton Sivas hairline is starting to get nervous yet
My boyfriend is amazinnngg as Fuck.
No matter how many freak outs
Follow our pals and
When flossing the back teeth, curve the thread around the tooth and push it underneath the gumline.
Fort Minor High Road.
how you been :
Valentine's Day in my school tomorrow.
And the last day in school.
Byea school for 2 weeks!
hellyeah It's going to be hardd bitch!
fbobiles God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
Not sure why I all of a sudden I'm being followed by a ton of Nebraska people lately, but I'm not a realtor and I live in NV..
0o
Marlins RF Giancarlo Stanton went 3 for 5 and hit the gamewinning grand slam against the Mets.
Road tripping with We're not even talking to each other...
I luv naps!
RT : Hiya Meghan, sorry to be missin tchat, was napping.
Again!
Soon, tho non of that!!
Just started your book!
I'm student teaching at Davis MS in Dublin!
Book is great so far!
lmao isn't it sad how addicting these things are?
:
ala12 Scheduler will be available in a week or so.
just trying to make sure all 1400 sessions are there
Oh, I think you'll live ;
I wish I was playing Linebacker right now!
How do you deal with your anger?
Just watched Dateline TV show on kids  cheatingFacebook, twitter, Google hangoutsall shown on screen  avail 4 interactions
Hey u should follow my bestie she is soo amazing an loves your music!
SO PWEEZ : JUST DO IT :
If you haven't had a Happy Jack's Relish Dog, you haven't had a real hot dog...try Indiana's best...Happy Jack's Hot Dogs
CHICAGO BELIEBERS, WHERE YOU AT?
:
Based on your description, I'm a little concerned that Ted Williams might have auditioned for Idol!!!!!
ill just bring u breakfast in bed when u get back to it lol
what's been up with you cousin hope things are good
: HORRIBLE cust service!
Switching numbers btwn phones on my plan shouldn't take hours or effect my data plan
RIP Maurice Sendak  you lit my imagination
THIS is good news!
Starting my Friday off right!
Have u written anything regards 2 the right's petty desire 2 hide behind the founders  John Locke?
I'm int in u'r take!
Make that No worries.
Hehe.
It takes more than just a good looking body
The Supreme Court will side with the proponents of Obamacare.
It is too serious to be struck down all at once.
Big victory for Pres Obama
what did you do?!
Okay I have a more inspired tweet.
Wasabi peas and beer...yum!!
Um, where is the air coming from?
Oh, thnks for 1Q84.
Must be hard giving grades to ungraded ones.
I have a hard enough time figuring out my own grades!
I'm down for that, lets do it!
ChildHoodMovies the land before time
Lenovo doctorfted Stanford QB Luck for its party with Microsoft
Any ideas on where to look for grant/program evaluation reports?
Many grants come with a match to evaluate the program.
Listening to music
you go to bed.
Soup of the Day: Beef Barley!
1/2 sandwich and soup combo now available!
because you no follow or talk to mi.
hurts los feelings brah...
I've been very fortunate 2 have some of the best players in the game.
Sir A Furgeson
FX Has The Movies
1 definition of DISCONNECTED CULTUREWhen the SAXOPHONE TEACHER can't afford the Selmer SAX that their spoiled students parents buy them.lol
What would we do without a phone in life ,or internet??
:/
Thank you for singing the National Anthem correctly!
Putting together a database of new city hires for In Feb the city hired a Head Exterminator at a max salary of 45k
It ain't no help for sum people yo
will do
thanks for the RT!
My guilty pleasure is .
Thank you for following Your iDeals ABQ!
Happy New Year!
my man..
the columbus show..
Ready for the next session!
Content Planning for Smarties
Start of the 3rd period Wranglers lead 20 still.
Let's finish strong fellas
Don't feel like doctorving Go outside then RT : I want to go outside
Loving someone is madness !
I am HAPPY when people call me MAD.
miss my cousin and our adventures we always have a good time lol
no my Granny's in Louisiana
Dancing the night away with DanceWorksBoston!
14 weeks until the best show in Boston hits the stage!!
ThoughtsAtWalmart: Why is everyone wearing their pajamas?
Happy Friday
Umm could Minneapolis get any better.
Walked in2 D'AMICO  they offer us 2 comp ticks 2alvin ailey dance across the street 2nite!
should i delete my twitter?
:o
If it's gonna be on a movie.....
Might wanna shave your vagina....
When my little brother keeps crying, I show him his birth video in reverse and tell him that's what happens if he doesn't stop.
Just kidding!
Thanks We like you too!
Phil Ivey is the bumblebee of poker.
He defies mathematical law.
Incredible!
Redneck Vocabulary: Bidness  The art of selling something for more than you paid for it.
same man.
Just working side jobs.
Obama in NH: You know we cant just doctorll our way to lower gas prices.
You know there arent any quick fixes or silver bullets.
Kind of miss you....
did you watch our promo yet or check out our new website?
if you're a Korean film fan in general, add Memories of Murder and The Chaser to that list.
All mindblowingly great flicks.
hahhaa..his hair and chestiness..its awesome..
But it sounds like it might be a similar paradigm shift that went on from Digital preservation to digital curation or digital stewardship
Twitter girls are not just pretty faces on my timeline they are also smart girls with important opinions lol jk haha
well, I'll be greased and fried!
THANK EVERYONE FOR COMING TO MY AUTOGRAPH SIGNING.COME SEE ME SATURDAY IN RICHMOND REGAL CINEMAS AT 2PM6:45 FOR THE 6:55 PM SHOWING
you're dumb.
hey i just met you an this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe ; , obessedddddd with that song
great photo!
I'm loving the spring weather...hope it sticks around for spring break!
What is happening to JJ?
bitch please don't get too excited xD
BTW I'm out the loop what the fuck happens in 2weeks 14days and boyfriend my daughter is trying not to give up on
Im actually back in LA now but had a great time in Vegas.
I play keyboards  piano.
How bout u?
OMG!
U r didn't have any idea about my evening at all it sometimes be a nice and some very awful !!
Gosh I want that end !!
In My Hurt To The Black'Peppers'z
Jim Rome postinterview after 10 minutes of soft questions: Stand up guy right there.
Straight shooter.
Pure class.
I hate watching tv!!
I wish somehow Gus Johnson could commentate every sporting event.
He makes it so much better.
is my role model.
Her songs take me to a happy place.
A place with hot boys and great alcohol.
And glitter.
Tons of glitter.
just asked cuz i really dont want to be in school right now
thanks for the encouragement.
5.26 miles and no rain!
Happy Hump Day !
Lol yup!
RT : YouKnowItsRealWhen ...your mother calls u by your first, middle ,and last name!!!
Awww shit!!
Craig's List should have the option to not include people kennels in search results.
Oh the nonsense!
i wish i could have see route 66.
Have you liked Denver Sports Top 9 Moments?
If not, be sure to do so!
USA beats Australia 31 in a warm up game in South Africa between World Cup Teams.
Australia was 131 in last 14 games
if I can get time off and muster the emotional fortitude to endure another stupid wedding...maybe.
More shows coming soon...
Same buds, different taste.
A woman can look book moral and exciting ...
if she also looks as if it was quite a struggle.
i want Battleship..NOW !
:/
justbeabetterdadthanTHATguy award goes to the man who just came in the liquor store with his 2 kids and yelled Let's get fuckin wasted!
Definitely, and Carlo your uncle that just arrived from Italy is one cool person!
Just saw a commercial for a psychic.
I finally understand 2070716.
Lmao
Day two of filming webisode fun fun fun!
Thank you Moveable Type!
Thanks Cellar Door Gifts  Gallery.
congrats man!
keep it up!
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , , 
Looking for a job?
Need more time on the computer to polish that resume?
Our Laptops for Job Seekers are available MondayFriday from 105.
Hmm, I have new followers.
Hi new followers!
I'm glad you thought I was interesting enough to follow.
so much shit to do....
so little time!!
I'm gonna guess that Chuck Long is probably not the correct answer?
wahh go online tweet.
im taking a break from hw for u lol hahaha i love u just sayin lol not that u will see but nsn and yolo
The problem is that the schools are.
And most folks are scared of the violence that happens inside.
Ask teachers.
They'll tell
Thanks for the follow
Bury me in the bedoctorom where I, I can sing you to sleep everynight; 3
yeah I do.
Fenn tower!
UGH MY TWITER APP KEEPS CLOSING!!
WTF!!
Great!
Looking forward to it!
RT Any type of project based learning hits on competencies, relevancy  rigor, supports differentiation lol props:
Due to high winds the Zingaro has moved to Tractor Tap Room for the rest of the day.
and i bet you were still smoking HOT!
Thank you!
: RT : buy local, buy handmade!
wind gusts increasingly extremely strong, large trees swaying, air filled with green leaves off trees; rain mostly heavy.
I thought Rick Carlisle was smarter then that
I'm going to the Haight Street fair on Sunday with We could meetup there, at Haight and Stanyan, and go for coffee.
photographed an office of engineers yesterday and a gourmet restaurant today.
word.
Actually not sure that I want to be mayor of that place.
Just maxed 150 on the bench.
are you on the road this week?
Turns out I'm a Cubs fan!
Who knew?: How does a GOP Super Pac guy get everybody talking about Jeremiah Wright chicagocubs
Happy Monday!
RT : I like To EAT OUT in The Bedoctorom
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Circus Clown Barbie ...complete with scary face paint and scary wig
When detoxing, toxins in your tissues release into your bloodstream, side effects include killer headaches!
caffeine is the devil!
Hey if you thinkin my tweets bout you.....
Youguilty haha and please stop
There's no time like the present to prepare for the future, so get right with God before it's too late!
Coldest beer in Folsom.
Enjoy
bro look up 100 Hunnit by Wale and Meek Millz.
I feel a Cloud 9 mix coming soon.
Look at me gettin' all tech savvy.
Twitter yesterday and today I finally set up my Blackberry's voice mail.
then why rnt u in my arms:
I feel even older: I don't know who the Beastie Boys are.
I'm finally getting the hang of the SAP Business Objects OnDemand reporting system.
Not a small learning curve!
Hey Thanks for following ;
Sneak Peak at tonight's set list with Sean Jones  Stefon Harris: Soul Eyes, Resolution, Dolphin Dance, Giant Steps, and more!
I am so into this.
doctorw gets shittty when i ask him all these questions about the law lmfao

hello Robbi.
I worked many years for Pearson.
Now in Omaha doing distance learning in academia.
All the best
Going To Sleep Early Finna K.O Good Night Twitter 
Lucas Wharton, owner of many fine leatherbound novels stealing the hearts of women everywhere.
im in my bed on my laptop
Oh indeed.
Theodore Roosevelt was shot at during a rally.
Since he was not coughing up blood he decided to continue with his speech  for a full hour.
haha, not surprising.
Been a fun but intense week.
RT : Commander, pls leave the room so we can talk about you behind your back.
omg i was waiting for you to call me!!
We were supposed to skype our shows tonight??!!???
Transporting chocolate bunnies in 94 degree heat.
Tricky business
hi im doing great how about yourself
gina!
I am so excited to chat it up with you : mentoring is much needed...
See you soon!
Great idea I will have to do that.
thanks for the advice Lenna loves her Fire
whit.
Give this kid a follow!
lol that last time you saw me before this year was like the 5th grade so how do you know.!?
I'm looking to talk to people who have transferred from BCTC to UK about how their credits transferred.
If you fit: .
what's hannah's twitter?
Not long now until the Emmendingen Exhibition.
Looking forward to meeting twinning groups from Poland, Germany and France.
Feel Good about this Weekend We're gonna do the right thing and WIN!
I didn't know that women went to spin class wearing jeans skirts...
pumped to watch u tonight on the vmas!
ur gonna do great!
IM NOT HERE FOR THAT I WOULDNT BE LIVING
The Tallest Man On Earth is keeping me company in my studious state.
whoa...had to read that twice!
lol
Listening to White Winter Hymnal seems appropriate.
Excited for snow accumulation  finally!
In grading jail in my office.
Will pay visitors for distraction with donuts...
I am in atlanta and teach esl
We're both proud and grateful to have been named a Top Place to Work in DFW by The Dallas Morning News!
Good Morning Tweople!
What are you doing for your business today?
Thank you again to HROA, iTalent, Oracle and StartupAmerica!
We are leaving DC this morning with a renewed sense of purpose!
welcome to L.A
Pretty sure one of our regular visitor kitties has rabies and is near the end of the cycle :
Buffalo wings never get confiscated;
Things that should never be found in a camera bag: newspaper, fruit, rolling papers, crumbs, gun
Hey, Dan.
Thanks for the RT have a great weekend.
the 19th.
are you done?!
When I saw King's Speech, I knew Tringled would work.
Middleaged people working on a highwire without a net.
Who wouldn't watch?
i hear you..
could you imagine ruining a relattionship over twitter
Alright pacers wtf
GURT2011 Friday afternoon panel: SK to TTYL: Sign Languages and the New Media
thanks for the heads up  hopefully I won't be here tomorrow.
I'm here now:
1000 tweet goes to : you're gorgeous, we should talk more .
ok time to wake up  he needs to make me breakfast out of leftover steak from last night's insane dinner :
should've taken her for a spin hah
Tht moment when u realize u just got fuckd over..
I ain't even gona lie..
nice game
it really did ha I need that girls touch hah
Terrible.
I couldn't have played worse.
I had a blast though.
I'll get 'em next time.
Bill, where are you going?
: ...
shifted the way I thought about/interacted with The Lib.
haha.
You are so angry:
Tired of this school
: Yup definitely getting lottery tickets///same here bro lol
First Friday TONIGHT  The ARTS Gallery!
Come see radical watercolor paintings by ARTS Students and professorssional artistmentor, Yanina C.
hahaha of course your best friend!!:
In Austin atSXSW sun is a great thing.
Will send it your way.
It's 4 a.m.
and I just got home after chasing a fugitive all day that jumped out of a second story window to getting a school locked down to
u knw wat i did to get mor followers i followed a hole bunch of random ppl and also of my tweets
Do you need help with your Social Media Marketing?
We offer Twitter, Blogging, Press Releases, Facebook, Youtube and More!
I'm seeing lots of Spam messages today too :/
Biggest debate in our cart: which ball game we listen to.
Mariners or Giants?
CALL ME.
looking at my calendar, I have nothing scheduled for today.
that's got to be wrong.
maybe I was supposed to be off?
Time to go feel some PAIN!!
Just when i think today cant get any better, i hear Duff Fucking Mckagen will be in the Jungle today w Ah Hell YES!
Cadyn  Jayli have discovered Angry Birds!
And the obsession begins!
Thanks for following us...please tell others about the APEX Museum experience.
aw I hate tests.
I have one too 
IT WAS THE GHOST.
everyone said they were sleeping at that time o.o OHMYGOD.
The mall
do it big in Indy!
you'll have a great time w/
Put me in the with column.
In fact, for Twitter, growing popularity and worthreading tweets are not friends.
Yes of course it was, I'm going to be out of the loop for a whole week now!
and thanks girl, haha he's not bad :
Happens to me all the time!
RT I get way too carried away when I start editing....
had no idea it was past 10!
no big deal..
childish is coming up
Those who do good without knowledge of God are better saints than those who do unkind things to others and professorss God.
I just flow with it!!!
John shook the feds off got mo ringtone downloads dan soulja boy shit lmao
It's a side project from the diss, which is ethnographic  ab internet access, but getting REALLY into it.
Can def talk more
Agree, how fun would a Caps/Yotes Stanley Cup be?
idk but I think I might want a doctornk lol
See she's a freak.
So who cares if I spell her name right?
I'm so happy to be in a gym Imma change my FB middle name again!
This time to: GLADYS!!!
Grinning
Want to get away?
Research new destinations, resorts and hotels catering to gourmet aficionados at The Gourmet Experience!
Half On A Baby
are you doctorving again????
hulk hogan had the hulkamaniacs
You better start busing in your outofstate volunteers, because we're raising tons of campaign cash in NYC and DC.
yea yea yea wateva
no.
hate roller skating.
first time I've heard that claim too.
thirty years of public funds, apparently.
If you hate cops...the cops u need to hate are the agressive type,if u dont thats the nice cop....so u should hate the agressive cop :
The other day u had 102 followers but now u have 100.
And then he loses Suzuki from 1  2 to full count to hit.
Grrr...
Sounds pretty wonderful.
Wish I was counting a million every night
well quit commenting if they're mean comments mkayy:
I wish my dog could skateboard like me XD
love that, so true, dancing in the rain rocks
WHAT'S UP PEOPLES???
:D
in paris shooting heroin and whatever with the stars.
The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today.
Saint Francis of Assisi
StayAwayFromMeIf your going to take advantage of now I am.
Product Review: Japonesque 's Interchangable Makeup Brushes MIRACLE PRODUCT: Japonesque snapon makeup brushes THEY SAY: Exclusi
just tried white peperment mocha!
3 I think I'm in love!
Haha but really its amazing!!!!!!!!!!
:
OMG Rangers WIN!!!
GABBY!!!
The Cavs are just lulling the rest of the NBA into a false sense of security.
Thanks for following :.
xoxo
My target on lock and my aims to steady
At least its the LA Kings and not the Sacramento Kings this time.
RT for all you NY fans !
Shout out to all the single moms that busted there butt to give us what we need to succeed ...
or rather, removed.
Bible to forgive all those trasspass against tread there feet on sacred ground
Thank u.
I was looking around and saw something BBC Red Button then I realized they were talking about DIRECT TV in England duh!
Access to quality healthcare should be a basic human right .
David Loud of Jim McDermott's office.
awh.
That's so sweet!
you need to write a book.
: I only want to be married once, also.
We've been together for a year now..
Thank you for another great chat!
thank u God for never leaving me.
please keep praying for me.
and thank u who called me today and sent me encouraging txts.
i appreciate it
What's everyone doing this weekend?
Any exciting plans?
Diplo tonight !
Hmu for guest list!
I believe they are protesting corporate greed, not forprofessort enterprise in general...
awh: have a great night sleep Walter!
My stomach is growling.
confused.
You coming to my St Pattys party???
You better be!
Wish andoctorid had glyph substitution.
Wikipedia looks sad when all the nonLatin/nonstandard Latin characters are boxes.
OMB my pic is going to be on the poster for BELIEVE AAHHHH EXCITED
WOOT!
: Warming up for an audition, I just sang a high C in chest voice.
For the first time ever.
Also, I think I may be a tenor.
Haven't been to in a while.
Thanks for a great burger!
Summer is almost here.
Love your abs???
let Pilates help you get there!
I like the French Quarter here in New Orleans.
One of the best places in the US to meet, and watch, unusual people.
Also, Hurricanes.
Busy but fun day Oneofakind bathroom remodel including sink, tile, cabinet and paint for 100 bucks.
Possible?
Yes.
I've been working on a lot of new raw beats
Lexington Airport food is crazy expensive.
We grindin hard as fuk and ridin on our riches
If I got my photo taken with the Boston trophies, Id...Make it my wedding photo.
Sorry to my fiancee.
Okay, ABDCIsTomorrow and I'm going for either Mos Wanted, RNG, or 8 flavahz.
Don't know who to go for D:

thanks for your follow and your good work.
Be well.
Marc
finally catching up on the last 2 epis of new girl !!!!
Superduper last minute half price tickets available for Bruschetta for tonight!
Reservations required!
Use promo code THP!
Coming home with packages on your bed 
yes but the docs cant figure out what is going on.
Thanks for the link!
I'll have to add it to my listening list, too!
Give you any money that its jc;
WHAAAATTT I can't do that !!!!
If I would have went there I would have doctorpped out !
Fuck that everyday doing that shit!!!
Word Press.com, I think..the author's tone, demenor and info are at the very least, intriguing!
Enjoy..Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the RT!
I am supremely sorry to my friends and sponsors for missing the season opener due to unforeseen circumstances.
My fave quote of last night at innovateboston was by :We are making a Communication Revolution  making into a verb
Fail!!!
You replied to yourself lol 
RT : If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.
Yea she does!
RT : thx for the follow glad you made it for Friday fun!
PS your wife roooooocccckkkkssss!!
:
Cheers to the girl who grabs you two doctornks at the bar of the doctornk you asked for
Out Da Shower Nw It's Time Ta Gt doctorssed Fa Work
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 22
it was Lisa's friend not mine.
not much
Be a wound healer instead of a wound creator.
Add on to someone's life rather taking away from it.
Been there.
Done that.
Are you surprised??
I consider myself as a crayon, I might not be your favorite color but one day your gonna need ME to complete YOUR picture 
see Denns last tweet
When is your song with Blood on the dance floor coming out ?
wonferful to see you process it all, bravo!
Thanks for sharing this!
If you ever need a photographer for any of your ad campaigns I would love to work with you
Happy new year friends!
Looking for good Tuesday tweetchat, any suggestions?
Does each MLB team have their own social media person, independent from MLBAM?
AskNathanCameron When am I gonna hear the previews to your EP?
Laundoctor emergency!
In the world of corporate training, while users may grumble, most actually do want to learn.
Compulsive tweeter that I am I must tweet: having a great time at a flash tweetup at Muldoon's in Carmel w/  others.
Boone Logan coming into the game after Clay Rapada exited with a viral infection.
LOL!
RT : They mean it literally.
Google's product will actually search out your doctorpbox account and delete it.
Looking for a little Friday night kickassfiction?
Tune in to Grimm tonight at 9pm on NBC
what phone did you get?
I was being sarcastic when I said I'd meet you.
I'm just saying I already know way more in the industry than you ever would
You insult me: I can handle it.
You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.
lets get rich im out
well I would love to!
I'm 100 German and was over there a few years ago but not for music.
now I need to come play!
:
Knock knock..whos there?
Time to work bc im LATE!
The Harry Potter series is over.
.
Now what am I going to wait for?
xD
Had a doctoram I was at Disneyland...
Happy Birthday have a great day!!
:
Waltrip crashes....it was his fault..love the way Darrell defends him.
We're at Netroots Nation!
Follow for updates.
There was a gun policy happy hour earlier which was awesome.
best way to start a tuesday: over sleeping, coffee, and getting trapped in the elevator for 15 minutes.
Making caramel again!
It never gets old!
i hear ya.
I haven't gotten to bed before midnight since monday.
But I haven't been doing anything fun.
FirstRead: 'In One Person' by John Irving tops Maclean's Fiction list
hdtvedu solutions 2 USA's EDU: College students work 32 hours outside home.
, Foundations  spend  2 make communication efficient
all of them!!
Esp the pair with the bows!
Awesome!!
I love Gap jeans too.
Altho I've put on too much muscle that I need to buy all new jeans :/
my ipod is officialy..
doctorwned.
no more playing my ipod while showering.
Played 18 holes.
Hungry.
Tomorrow and Saturday, stop by for a sneak peek of the Titanic: The Artifact Exhibit, coming Feb.
2012.
With Cougar Town I doctornk wine.
With Revenge, it's whiskey.
Sure!
I'm free most mornings.
Hm, wonder what has been saying about me lol.
That will be impressive for Heckert, sad for what it says about Browns current roster though.
High hopes for G.
Little.
..my brother was actually eaten by wolves one winter on the connecticut turnpike..
Amis has hidden his greatest work from the world.
I used to travel with several books.
Now I have my phone and ebooks.
Love the convenience.
JM2010Az If you are a CABL member, be sure and pick up and display a purple CABL ribbon!
As a Singer/Actress  her namesake, I'm READY to play Mahalia Jackson.
Boycotting the Oscars.
Coding Wordpress instead.
McAllen using trick plays to try  come back.
Defense comes to life with a big sack on 3rd  12.
McAllen ball  their own 14.
Just got done watching a clip form bbw and know im glad it's coming to the light that royce is the problem cant play both sides choose on
I swear I'm hearing stuff right now  I have myself so freaked out 
music never sleeps!
Brush w/greatness at Jake's Deli today.
Bud Selig enjoying his lunch.
I can't wait to see it!
I miss seeing on tv all the time!
I loved u on GND.
I think u need ur own show that would b awesome!
Thanks, Tom!
Wonder where the Donald is watching the WHCD from this year.
Carmie!!!
Thanks for checking on me 
When someone you care about is having a hard time and all you want to do is go up and hug them and tell them everything will be okay.
I dislike most spam...bit twitter DM and spam pisses me off.
omgg Meeting u would make me faint and have a heart attack an die but it would be worh it hahah lol
Business Insider reports French productivity at 25.1, USA at 24.6.
BUT they note 1594 hours worked then use 1453 for calc.
vaumc11 a woman just came into ac pushing a pink stroller with two dogs in it.
We Methodists are a peculiar people!
Lol : Hey art historians.
Please explain to me why in depictions of Adam and Eve, they have belly buttons?
1st man and woman?!
nope!
They instituted the programming as I was switching from straight medicaid to childless.
I should have had it never got notice
Never gone tanning and never died my hair either.
Great for never have I ever games ;
Oh shit, I just found out Sarah McLaughlin is a real thing.
Go on asking all them.
Question
Looking forward to the trivial pursuit rematch tonight...
Ready ?
I don't use validation because it's slow  they want me join..
If you want to follow me back, it's up to u.
Cheesy Chicken Enchilada is on the move so get down here before it is gone!
If you exclude critique, as you suggest it is wise to do, then the 'maybe not' acquires a certain implausibility....
I need food.
between, I'm Barbara
Maybe she won't, uh , but shit then again maybe she will.
And go follow and !
I see niggas snitchin about what I put on IG!
Man suck my Dick from a long way!
Lame ass niggas.
im really not in the mood for this shit..
: FACT: when a couple fights too much but they're not breaking up.
they're really inlove.
Like a BEAST!
I love the early crowd; older folks buying doctornks and kids.
Douchebags come after 5.
You coming out?
I got 2 homes not at the one u thinking about.
Broken home Nah.
Home I sleep for a hr yes.
I am back my friend...for the next two weeks.
Great Game 6!
Game 7 will rock!
Now it's time for the new Beavis  Butthead.
Great turnout at Fan Fest.
Had fun talking with everyone.
Now, doctorp the puck already.
See you at training camp.
I am excellent thank you.
Just making an effort to stay in touch with the world's good people.
Cheers.
lil kim look so fucking good on ustream just now copy that hoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor Wolfgang, had to visit the vet and get his rabies and heartworm shots.
He's tanking now, gonna be a quiet day for him.
Follow and check out their project!
Donate ATM fees to charity!
www.choosechangeatm.com
I didnt think I was following you at first.
lol jw :
I say OSU beats either fairly easily if Buford doesn't choke bad.
Without they are a mediocre team at best.
Getting ready to take these youth down here to the UmojaFest P.E.A.C.E.
Center, for the spring cleaning party!.
WheresMyCoffee!
I hope I start to feel better
Hi!
I followed back luvies!
Im on a show Samantha's Life!
Please if you can find please watch!
It's a beautiful Evening.
Come on OUT, get a latte to warm you up.
Make sure you take advantage of our 25 OFF Moving Sale.GREAT Gift Ideas!
Good, that will get you very far in life.
omfggg u dnt even know I cried when they got rid of em no lie ask and Lolololol
Phillip Edge, VP at Connally MS, named Region 20 Assistant Principal of the Year by TX Assoc of Secondary School Principals!
Fuck you got on elbow length gloves for?
This ain't no ball 
about to do some hair therapy and maybe a foot soak
Thanks!
I could say the same about your background!
John Wall is one of my all time favorite players w the CATS, but there is no way he deserves his jersey retired.
Miller and Davis do.
Looks like the cardinals are having another bad LaHair day.
Good morning...time to get up, eat some dog biscuits,,take a walk and smell some doggie butts.
Gives a whole new meaning to brown nozer!
Are you out of the boot?
haha im BORED got nothing better to do 
SAT word of the day: calumny an attempt to spoil someone elses reputation by spreading lies
Lol im not entertaining foolishness
No sleep for me from now till GDC, got two games to prep xx
Girl Make It Shake Like A 8.2 EarthQuake
it is not offensive, only the truth..
the guy you marry will not be a millionaire...
he'll have to be a billionaire to support you
So bad want chocolate on this diet!
I think my sugar addiction and working  designing my things went hand in hand:
Thanks for the RT!
Did everyone from the Society of American Mosaic Artists have a great time in Lexington?
Hiya  How can I help?
My email is
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
If you like my broadcasts it will be 1 for your membership.
If you don't, send me 2.
You'll get the same kind of membership.
No record will be set today at
looking into some other blog options..any suggestions on free blogs that have a lot of traffic?
thanks doctorke : miss you dude
Pandora is doing it for me right now.
My grandparents always know how to make me happy!
My ears are ringing....
Why are you wearing a striped shirt with a plaid flannel..
STOP
yea ditch it.
Wanna see a free screening of Will Ferrell's movie CASA DE MI PAdoctor?
March 8 at 7pm, Village East Cinemas  RSVP at
What stops professor from giving high grades and easy assignments to get good student feedback?
Read Academically Adoctorft
MARIETTA, GA TONIGHT  SWAYZE'S w/ IN DYING ARMS.
its never good 2 have high expectations cause when things dont work out u feel like shit  the way my days ending i wish friday wouldnt come
it was fucking awesome!!
josh has got a new girlfuck.
Someone left one of my windshield wipers up last night...I wonder who it was...
nothing in Flint is customizable at the moment.
whenever we go home through the Poconos it's either raining or cloudy....this trip is no different.
Both of those are going to be extremely expensive.
Hopefully ATT will unlock them....
:P
yes I'm still good.
What time are you thinking??
Jimmy Buffet and the Flamingo are hiring 250 workers for new Margaritaville Casino!
Caesars.
belated thanks, izzy!
hahahaha.
you're welcome :
OK, thank you!
bring food!!!
: RT I heard was sick...hmm I gotta go take care of her...but if I get sick dats her ass
it's not just getting those high level recruits on campus.
It's about maximizing their potential quickly and thats all cal
The moment when you find out what someone really thinks about you...ouch!
Thanks...
RT : Q4 building a win for the SMEs team members.
Great idea
School is more important than my health?
Yeah this is why I hate you.
she said she's tmoneys cousin but I guess that's a lie.
She knows the boys and everyone kisses her ass for it
you are horrible at touch hockey 111?
really?
NBCUpfront  Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement?
Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid?
Ping me for more info.
Finally going home!!!
You don't need to know how to code.
You don't need to know who signed the Treaty of Mnster either.
We teach lots of useless stuff in school
Yeah and Tulo isn't normally accurate either, right?
it was even more underappreciated in Heat with Al Pacino.
this really pisses me off i do everything for her too show you how much i love you and you seem too dont care /3 :'
come people follow so will do a ustream
Fuck it :l
Thanks, !
Great to meet you and loved In Lardo We Trust.
tomorrow i become mister.
brian chambers
Nokia Reportedly in Talks to Sell Vertu Luxury Unit  DailyTech
Hi Michelle, thanks for reaching out to us via twitter.
A clean cab is a happy cab.
We will addoctorss the issue with 5179.
Thank you!
I'm up,I'm up!!!
Gotta get it!
That's quite a hot list.
Thank you.
FeelBetterFriday to everyone with UC  Crohn's, especially my lovely nephew!
Let's find a cure for these horrible diseases!
A big thanks to those of you who celebrated New Year's weekend with us at Grazie!
We had a blast and hope you did too!
Right on!
This day in American Century Music: Oct 22 1889: Ivess first of 36 organ lessons with Alexander Gibson, one of Americas leading...
Ok, dude!
Anyone in their right mind would not get in a swimming pool with an alligator unless you fantasize about being an appetizer.
Duh!
RT If u want some to ask u on a date or something I will RT myself 8
Eminem  One Direction.
We all think like storytellers.
When doing a demo, conduct it like you are telling a story.
why is it soo cold in this house FREEZING!
Amen !!
rt We gotta win it for MO!
I'm tired of waiting for my sister!:/
Oh yeah Hunger Games Rocked!
Sam Still Loves Freddie.
awh.
good thing i actually only saw one episode where sam and freddie were a couple?
lol
hey Be like that
absolutely.
Don't make benefit the shot outta your articles!!
i wana go out tonight who wana be my date
we're gonna miss you!
/;
Lamb fries....
Sheep balls.
The key is you have to clip them way at the top....
Join Mayor Barrett in commemorating the 10th anniversary of 9/11.
A remembrance ceremony will take place today at 4:45pm in Red Arrow Park.
Just trying to become a circuits champion, brb
starting with yourself you can reshape anyone!
RTN
Cool!!
I was wondering what you were going to do w/ that long QA!
That awkward moment when you're stalking someone's tweets for two hours  you realize you've been replying to/retweeting/faving them too...
RT : Theres nothing wrong wit wanting some1 it only makes it wrong when u loss urself
Not singing the Blues: LAKings take a 20 lead over St.
Louis in the
I hate when people say awk.
Like wtf, are you a moron?
You're prettierr :
Anyone have a wheelchair or better still anyone wanna wheel me around?
Killer leg workout.
Who needs 2 b able 2 walk anyway!
that's called a juicefast
Hawaiian Scrapple!
That's a great idea, we might have to plan a business trip to Maui for research
no problem haha :P
Follow and today for real music!
Ha, Chew cracy, main...
well, you too, but still not quite to the levels of others.
I just want to be one of your exbacking dancers.
I copied moves
RT The United States spends on health care alone what the 65 million people in France spend on everything.
wapo.st/ryjPrc
hmm..
im feelin like the shit today..
time to listen to some dom kennedy.
lol
But do you feel comfortable batting Jeff Frickin Keppinger 4th against the Yankees???
Shout out to everybody smiling today!
It feels so good doesn't it?
Otp w/ my bby .
My family made fun of me for having a selected Easter poet.
Then they asked to borrow the book.
Mmhm.
critic i follow just tweeted earlier that he can't believe it because the script was really weak  not sure if its avail online
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss
Green Moms Wanted for August Influenster Programs!
Unlock your badges now!!!
When she's faking exxtra hard like she isn't interested, yet steadily makes herself available.
That will be fun.
Enjoy your visit with the parents.
Our intern empire is growing.
RT : day 1 at bring on the initiation.
Debating if I should go to Pigeon Forge this weekend to see Family  go to DollyWood.
Hmm....
How was the party in SheVegas?
I would feel the same way, so horrible to have to see the evil in the world at such a young age...makes me sad
Y does it feel hotter to me at night??
I am burning up!!
Oh my God.
// KobeBryant could have entered into a mid marriage agreement, but I guess he found it a difficult subject w/his history.
I already voted 4 him.
He's a winner in my eyes even if he doesn't get all the votes.
They'll be many other wins 4 him :
yo they still got that Godiva for 5 bucks
MyPastRelationships made me who I am today
And whenever Hayden gets here!:
Well crap now what do I do?
Welcome to the Badgers !
There's a difference between that kind of reasonable due diligence and blacking out the story for 25 minutes.
So excited to see HUNGER GAMES!!!
Thanks for the cheer!
hope everything is ok with your son...by the way, nice job on that Account at a Glance app.
Very slick.
ohh.
thought you were talking in airport code.
Jealousy over.
; /cc
He doesn't want more coverage.
Just more attention.
Like a 3yearold.
It was the Final Four, Coach!
LOVE IT.
Monday Night Football Tonight let's get it
My dentist doesn't give free toothbrushes anymore.
Now there's a cavity in my medicine cabinet.
He really gave me the brush off.
damn, guess not
Cool post!
What is the significance of this chart and is there a link that I can go to?
I'm up running errands before work due to a very ill back at the apartment.
Well this is boring...
Pizza of the Day: ground beef, peppers, onions, and sausage.
11 plus free toasted ravioli if you mention this tweet.
Pete Thamel will be on the SVP show at 2:30 to explain the Nerlens situation!
Enigmatic actor Melissa George is a champion rollerskater, touring around the world and amassing awards, including national champion of AU.
Can I have a follow, Ari?
: I've been trying for so long but never got one from you.
:
THANKS!
I guess I'm committed now...
going to start doing clan recruiting!
if you want to join a sick ass, chill ass clan hit me up might also make a website for it :
this case is massive!
maybe it would keep me from destroying another phone though?
Build your own doctorams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Man, these allergies have been kicking my ass.
The medication has been working but seems to doctor out all the liquid I have in my body.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!!!
OK, I want to know who out there is giving their MOM and/or DAD a special Valentine today?
Capitalization is a VERY important topic.
Ha!
It's Pearl with silver trim and tan leather seats for Vegas.
hope she is ok.
Praying for her
Omg my moms having the funniest convo with vinnys dj....
LMFAOO!!
I need to shower so badly, but keep choosing naps over cleanliness.
At least my newborn will not judge me.
Thanks,
nah I don't remember that
Grrrr!
Shows could be so much longer if it wasnt for commercials EVERY 5 MINUTES!!
on the bizzydiet phase 2 will I still lose bodyfatW8?
Also the 21day phase1 forms a habit and stokes metabolic rate great
I'm getting excited for the Super Bowl.
What's your go to snack?
Mine is Acapulco Hots Velveeta and herdez salsa.
Go Packers!
Can't Wait To Talk To Him Later Though : 33
Cubs fans with Derrek Lee or Mark Prior jerseys: ignorant of your roster or just cheap?
me too : finally!
I feel like a jackass.
Eeeeeep i can finally do my cobra flying position perfect
If people could hear you for the next five seconds after a phone call ended, no one would have any friends.
templates provide good structure for finding data to use in the conversation that will deepen understanding
Woke up early to clean my room and now I am of to Manhattan to go to my Jazz class, it's been a while should be fun.
Tonight: Gaming, Coding, or Changing a Ceiling Fan.
WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BRING?
i'll look at the guest list and see who's coming that area  i think i know some people you can tag along with
Four weeks until vacation!
So excited :
Sounds like you guys need Varejao.
That's how I roll.
No, that's how I rauhl.
Cant wait to be a godmom.!
Even if I fall in love again with someone new, it could never be the way I loved you..3
The Sonoran desert!
And nature in general.
i don't wanna be anyone other than me
Now you're somebody that i used to know.
we should!
:
My voice sounds so manly today
Forget silencing the Lebron haters.
He needs to hit a game clincher for his fans.
We gotta explain how he missed two free throws tomorrow.
I about shat myself after last weeks.
Haha!
I wish we could, but you're in Louisiana : Tell your state you want safe access to medical marijuana now!
I'm gud now sexy lady!
It's time for the to get Rich a Twitter intern.
All news from this morning's skate has already been broken by other media.
You will never hear a girl say, I grew up wanting to f DJ!
HowToBeAGoodMother TT Y U NO APPEAR BEFORE CASEY ANTHONY MURDERED HER BABY??
I seriously have the best friends, I'm so grateful
when I go to kroger's with and everyone thinks I'm
Broke into the penny jar and bought a 22 inch LED monitor for my PC.
What a difference!
Woke up in NJ this morning
Watched Serenity again last night.......
Really great, but makes me miss Firefly.
HELL YEAH HOMIE GOOD LOOKING IM READY FOR THAT
Your body is a wonderland ;
: I live on Kentucky but I live in Kansas
follow me on instagram.
User name is MaeganMachine
Watching the game...
I Love my mom to death, but sometimes she pisses me the fuck off.
her being handicapped for a lil while is annoying me.
// Delighted to see a fighter with spirit, mind, body, alignment!
You're ahead of your time, foot!
RT : Every part of me should be asleep.
actually, the Disco Night on Friday commences at 8pm, not 7pm.
I think I just emailed u a confusing message.Yes I can do lunch.
Didn't know if u wanted to meet at 1:15/1:30?
Dudee I Have Enchanted Stuck In My Head !
You're welcome!
Just keep chippin' away at her and one day, well you just never know!
Oh lol yeah, you're right, there.
They have similarities when it comes to that.
When did they come over?
RT Finding genealogy of my Irish family branch in Ireland very difficult.
Thank you!
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
If you rich and you marry a bitch get a prenup!
Ha ha ha RT : rap ya dick up cuz ya dick will have da hiccups
Thanks!
I think the other may be a bit short sighted.
I can't find one thing I agree with.
Anyone know of a 5k in the Cincinnati area toward the end of May, or soon after?
Got my schedule for mlanet12 into Google Cal.
Now just have to make sure my poster gets printed in time...
Can't wait to go tonight to the game!
is ready to put the cherry on top of his 3rd MVP.
Thank you :
Excuse me.
Would you mind dancing like no one's watching someplace where I can't see you?
Words to live by...
RT : In god we trust.
Everyone else bring data.
I am shocked!
Rhodoctorck just told me he doesn't plan to let us keep one of series one DVDs!!
Ray Ban Livin...
Your iPod has an appetite, let us feed it.
Some people say it's a good song : 
Hanging out with George Saunders tonight, by which I mean going to a reception for and reading by him.
We probably won't cuddle or anything.
to some degree, yes...fantasy is big at the moment and Americans love those kind of out of their world voices...
kinda mad I sold my copy a few years ago.
That thing NEVER pops up.
Crying at the Paul Simon tribute in PBS
OOMF knows I want her
Why do I exist?
Because the Amish need a champion webmaster, and I plan to learn through osmosis.
it the wosrt i have ever had them
You're welcome, and I Would Appreciate it Also if you would refollow me as well so I can Thank You.
See you all next Wednesday June 8th at Jovita's on S.
1st with The Lucky Tomblin Band.
The show starts at 10 and there's no cover!
Eww My Boyfriend wants to make a Twitter  lmfaoo!
im surrrreeeee it was  accidental 
RT from Iran: DONT BE AFRAID if we stop now they will get EVERY single one of us!
Pls attend rally
DETAILS on the fresh pair of nikes tour and the UNSIGNED ARTIST 2012 TOUR I'm added to as well comming soon.
It sucks that pregnancy is why I feel both so insanely ambitious and so effing exhausted today.
doctorams are the 1st step, my friend!
DM me when it morphs into more  I'll connect you with the right people :
Naw nicca I didn't!
It's a bet, hell u ain't da only getting money!
Persons 2554 was the most requested age demographic by video marketers overall
What a boring day at work
I think you have been hacked.
Haha why you tweet me back BITCH if you done?
when i touch down in the sip don't let me see ya Homie!
Reading is fundamental.
Remember that one?
If only people actually did...
how do I get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 6
I love Milwaukee so much.
Today is one of those days that reinforces it even more.
having his own Block Party in Houston
DM that bro
is soo not motivated today.
I need a vacation from my vacation.
Listening to Steve Blank at SXSW
OMG .
You Guys , I Have A Stalker .
Watch Her End Up On The News Tho .
Lol I Know She OBSESSED .
Okay, I've tried.
I don't like Lady Antebellum.
OMG i cant wait to watch the last exsorcism that movie look sickk
i would never doubt your guitar chops but can you sing like Gahl?!
all of the best our city has to offer!
whats the project?
Free Classified Ads!
Get ya punk ass up McGee!
It ain't even wet over there!
bestie I'm so bored Wat to do
One day all my prayers and wishes will come true.
One day my hopes will come through
I recommend it for you specifically.
Wait, what?
Looking for something chill to do tonight?
at Lestat's.
8:30ish.
See you there!
So fridge broke overnight...
What a great way to start the day!
I'm so glad tomorrows Friday.
Launch Event AFTER PARTY at Indulge tonight, 7:308:30pm 20 for 2 glasses of wine  apps!
My pleasure!
:
I haven't talked to in a day and a half...
This is wierd
Haha its empty?
18conf Kristen is sharing about PLAT with all the state CBCAP leads.
MS Stores would be better off not being next to Apple stores.
You look at the window and see everyone across the street.
Huh?
I didn't say you were outraged.
I said MM affected outrage.
I try not to do outrage but yes, the pileon PO'd me yesterday.
that would be lovely.
I am so looking forward to finally meeting !
We'll be there with little guy.
Guess Vandy won't be making a DVD this year.
I guess it does help....I just feel like I'm on my own I that class.
no doubt man.
do u record too?
or jus battle?
lol good looks
Thanks for the recommendations!
Don't worry about me, I got tiger blood Charlie Sheen
I'll look for it when I get home.
Man, it never ends with LeBron.
Cars band aid to the rescue.
Much as I love the work of noted literary historian Alan Dershowitz.
Penny slots is a great daycare provider!
me too.
and everyone at NatGeo.
gmail fail!
FF Who tells it like it is and won't tolerate in the closet hypocrisy.
Do you have acar adventure story?
We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the funniest story!
RT : Why do people add a 'S' to Heat?
lol
MyLifeWouldBeEasier if caramel was healthy.
kay night:
johnsutcliffe its embarrassing watching him
You have to use a GPS just to get to my house.
You were born original and unique for a reason don't live your whole life being a copy.
If a girl never smiles in any pictures its safe to assume her teeth are fucked up.
next you going to be calling your self
I am the acting dance coach this weekend.
Will you be making the trip this year?
Old books sitting around?
WELL TAKE THOSE TO!
Google maps has already marked Osama Bin Laden's Hideout Compound.
whatdoesgoogleknow and
Q2: Are internships as advertised?
Do they help get a foot in the door in an industry?
Somebody is having a birthday week!
MikeM  balla.
Great!
thanks for asking.
how about yours?
Me and need more pictures together.
:
Really enjoying tnt mystery movies.
A nice departure from serial shows while seeing familiar actors
i'd love to hear So Many Girls by
I'm your big fan you're great
locked in a closest somewhere
Good morning!
professorssor some of your articles from hootsuite are not displaying their links.
John Reaves, innovation practitioner currently working on CareLab
Anyone else;s facebook not cooperating this morning?
city gear were we have deals!!!!
akoo tees, yes TI, trufit yes LIl Waynes come in and get a deal
Thanks for the RT!
I'm pretty sure I'm the only woman out there who hates pedicures.
Love the salon, though.
haha your mother sounds like a nice lady
Dear iPhone, Why is it when im half asleep you decide to ring on max volume right next to my head?
Love, Your Victim
Best thing about New Year?
Just 2 months til March baseball 2012!
dats what's up it's all legit?

you gotta grind
Not quite sure what's up with the schedule unlockingall settings appear to be correct.
Why did my Wordpress theme switch without telling me?
Now I can't find the old one...
idk hah you should go to the Franklin pool tomorrow!
We don't want bcr always to be such a sausagefest but here it is.
We need ideas to change it.
working on long tones on alto, much like meditation being aware of the start, the flow, my hands body and breath  the end of the note....
moved into new space..
it's huge!
I can see the mall out my window now :
Comfotable of who I am  I'm not gonna change
The freelance life is crazy.
Watching Grown Ups on Encore.
What happened to Funny Sandler because Family Sandler sucks.
mind ya goddamn business
We are training our newest intern at TBLC today...
would you like to apply to intern at TBLC?
Send a DM!
Please Mom, 5 more minutes...
Miscutting a print job after working so hard on it is one of the worst feelings...
So glad I overprinted!
At first I thought you meant you weren't there...get it now...not on a team, organizing.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Austin!
When they come through doctorp in say WASSSUUPP!
Those cute goodnight texts that give you butterflies 
Are you coming to the networking phoenix event?
We will be there!
WOW that's awesome
New jazz project in the works....
The 3 great essentials to ACHIEVE ANYTHING WORTH WHILE are 1st HARD WORK, 2nd STICKTOITIVENESS, 3rd COMMON SENSE.
Thomas Edison TGIF 
thank you, will search.
We are, thanks!
Both have an early day and can't do after party this year.
Liar.
You do know.
John Mayall is the man!!
So jealous you went to that show!!
What shows are you doing this summer?
Do you know how to ride a motorcycle?
idk I'm thinkin about life and all it's characters right now.
Shit is deeper than the ocean
One of these days I'm going to perform some sentiment analysis on your tweets!
I agree with you statement.....
not pleased..
Being on this bus makes me sick!
/:
Still bold enough to try.
I experienced the open mic people in my MFA to know it wasn't for me.
To my detriment perhaps.
I say good chance.
: how much you wanna bet Paul Pierce comes back into this game at some point?
Forever known as The girl who doesn't know her presidents.
Perfect.
Pray for Amy Winehouse's family...
St.
Sabina welcomes Richard Smallwood...Attend your place of worship on Sunday!
Have a good night!
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Baruch Spinoza
OH: Awesome, there's no line to use the fax machine.
I look like a crazy ass hobo
I thought we wouldn't tell people about me and you being together!
; 3
New guitar just got doctorpped off at my house.
Sicc of these played out San Diego bitches....
told me I'm influential about Tofu.
I'm heading down to the Evening of Poetry at the White House on Wed.
See the Prez and Lady Obama.
Should be a fun time.
RT : There's a blvd between getting everything you want  compromising your principles.
Lackey looks like he should be on a Garbage Pail Kid card.
you are so right.
It seems they give the most and get the least back in return, and that includes respect.
Now that is sad.
Hell yeah they will RT : Well....at least I know that OKC are gonna spank that ass in a sweep!
Hi everyone!
Who is here?
much appreciated!!
As soon as our tshirts are available, I'll contact you to get your info.
I've read one chapter and I'm already terrified by the book club book, Good News Club by Katherine Stewart.
LMBOOO!!!!!!
But look...what was that LAST name again, lol it wasn't JOHNSON or SMITH, or JACKSON...lol...yea, I stereotype
Nice!
Well written.
And not but not least he deserves it!
You say Generation I I say Generation I Fucking Hate Old People
Three of the four of us have you as our Pick To Click tonight.
Make it happen brah!
ThMorUKno: Theres the Revelation of John AND The Secret Revelation of John.
LOVE your picture too!
What is this sexy YUMs professorle day?
Will apple announce a new iphone at wwdc?
You're going to be stuck with that obsolete one.
happy birthday luv
Hope is a dangerous thing
Absolutely enjoy your ballpark series of photos.
Holding the family and friends of Paul Creggar in prayer as the grieve.
May mercy, grace and hope surround us all.
do you stalk the owl city tag on tumblr?
Right on all counts.
National Dem.
Party  POTUS could care less w/2012 election looming.
NFL Network ads for Golden Coral makes me hungry.
Samsung Galaxy S3 New Rumor Update: Home Button And 5Column Modified UI Likely; What More?
Christmas cookie diet is over.
Ate myself into a tummy ache.
:
It's Monday again.
Help ease the pain of another week with cookies.
Buy 1 dozen and get a 1/2 dozen for free.
Enduring the nthgen video dub of FOUR NIGHTS for years, seeing and hearing the new print was absolutely stunning.
This is blasphemy on my TL!!
thnx for following follow for my unprofessorssional tweets

Im leaning also!!
Happy Friday!
Now that is a good question
Live life to the fullest is kind of vague, as a different approach I prefer Fully live your life your destiny awaits you take action now
Failure to enforce this policy in every instance does not amount to a waiver of BeataSpeedingTicket
BA trying to hold back his excitement...
But can't as Yuni defies all logic with his HR
Waiting to get advised BoredaF 
Mitt Romney is right!
I should take a risk, start a business and get it started with a 20,000 loan from my parents....
ERedCarpet Diane lane....gorgeous...love her
YESthere's wine Local Underground Tent Party.
6 wines to sample  glass purchases.
my grandparents are shady.
Just kidding.
Cocaine is for losers and addicts.
I just ate the worst general tsos ever thanks szechaun express
Just saw a commercial for the chili's two for 20, who would even pay for that crap..you get what u pay for
Baseball analogy.
Better to have at least 2 more pitches than being 1  done.
Always give yourself a 2  all about an option!
how is that related to jail?
: 
tweetsafter12 finds that people who lebron, go to bed lonely
I don't think Virgin Airlines would allow that.
PinkGirls in NYC to celebrate the GREAT New programming
Today, we're in Maine and NewYork meeting loads of camps and laying the foundation for people to impact lives this summer.
Join us today.
I can vouch that did a phenomenal job at amasummit discussing the multipliers principles : Very inspiring!
w00t!
RT : Congrats on your HHAwards!
Our own played Juliet in your great RJ!
Hi so great to learn about you!
I plan to stop by your store for sure very soon.
Would love to professorle you on my blog, too!
Come experience shopping at its best!
Shop Midwest Including Live performance of several bands.
12 P.M.
5 P.M.
7 P.M.
RUNWAY SHOWS BEGIN
watching tv, you
thanks for your 2 cents today about exposure vs payment.
It was worth far more.
:
Beautiful day in pittsburgh, if you like precipitation.
: I really want a puppy.
we can get one for our dorms!
Haha
Hate that isnt following me
Definitely talk to  he's helping coordinate media for May 1
crammed n da hatch!..
I work better under the pressure that's why I pressure myself to be better.
If you win it's only because you practiced more than the other guy
Happy Easter.
He is risen.
I know im gonna love it i have all of ur albums love u justin:3
nwill2011 current ILS systems are built on an architecture that was developed 25 years ago.
yall can take that L for the nite
True enough.
That's why I'm experimenting with Diigo this semester.
funny thing is, it isn't.
I told my sister who's 23 and it happened when she was there too.
MT : Best social media mgrs know  believe in your org  work with org to realize transformative power of social prsadiconf
No prob, you won't be a newbie much longer!
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar Helen Keller
You gon' die.
On a positive note, got my quarterly syrah shipment today: Alisos, Bien Nacido,  Edna Valley  fun times  reviews to come.
Oh I forgot, you're a polytheist.
They're assholes.
There ya go.
When that verdict comes in, you'd better not miss a beat.
Don't want to be compared with Baez' opening.
Thank you for the shout out on Extraordinary Cakes!
Hope you enjoy it.
Popcorn...the perfect ingredient at camp!!
It's light, it's cheap and makes a lot!
Here are some of our favorite's...
The sound of a fan at night 
LiesThatAlwaysWorked I am over 18 years of age.
RT : 2012 HHAwards winner for Outstanding Lead Actor, Resident Musical is...Euan Morton in 's Parade
Events this week: meet and greet with author Mary Kay Andoctorws this Saturday, March 10 at Tifton Library!
can't wait to watch NOVA tonight and see Genetics Team from and !!
LSUUA The zebras are starting to get involved in the game.
Meh.
........crickets.......yeah, I get it...id be fucking ashamed too
And it's over...Harford couldn't pull it off
For Obama to make progress on marriageequality he will need to influence his voters who are religious, a large block.
Thought it was bad being a Caps fan after last might, but Man City fans must want to blow their heads off right now.
I believe that all physical movies should be Bluray  DVD packs.
All digital movies should be available on Netflix instant.
Okay, sluts of twitter and tumblr: I can see putting an orange in your ass to take slutty pictures, but a pepper?
Would that not burn?
Maybe I'll swim laps this morning!
Who's working out today!!
Who's investing in themselves!
The only thing I need to factor in is a workout!
yo the struggle will be worth it later.
now lets work on that collab!
:
We're up on iTunes!
Come check it out
your awesome son today....so nice and gorgeous!!!
Heat came to play early.
US House of Representatives shamefully passes CISPA doctorconian antiInternet freedom bill to spy on Americans surveillance Obama must VETO!
I notice the main thing with kids today..they want to be adults so quickly.
My generation relished our childhood.
Being an adult sucks
love you callie.
c:
I think it's lame when people get their kids names tatted on them then can't afford or don't have space to get their other kids.
We're trying out Ubuntu 12.04 with its sleek new interface today.
It's great to see what the open source community can do!
When you mention 818 music...I better be on that list...
Oh , what a babe givin little ole' me some of his pizza
That one didn't do it for me...
For some reason I thought the cherry, BB clashed.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
so proud of you finishing your first single in the studio today.
You are amazing.
RT : He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Muhammad Ali, boxer

I dont wanna know!
Never wanna know!
Bummmbummmmbummm bum!
haha love this song 3
what are you getting done and I think I might like to go
RT : Less than 50 tickets left for at TurnerHall next Fri.
don't miss their first show since 2005!
...
: If you could pay your state farm insurance bill via text message  would you do it?
hi how are u doing?
that's what the Mongoose said to the Cobra,,,
BecauseOfMyEx we both learned grass isn't greener on other side it's just AstroTurf.
thanks heather!!!
The sky is looking super scary right now!!
Thanks.
I'm just thankful that my semester is officially over Monday  5, then study abroad for my last two classes!
The number of people I have seen get sick in and around the metro this evening now totals 5.
Today is definitely opening day
doctorwGooden Going to work.
Those will make ur hubby feel better  they are so comfortable with who they are.
missing you too bruh.
Wish I could be there with you guys!
LA  love/hate relationship!
RT It's snowing in NY and 80 degrees in LA...hm maybe I should reconsider trying to move
hell yea man..hope ya grabbed some free music
Still worried about Jonathan Rhys Meyers.
Where are you?
only one player I care about being called up and he won't be..
when's the announcement?
15 of the population is born gay.
Why can't people accept it?
They are humans and don't bother me what they do with their lives.
: Really enjoy my Wed mornings w/ !
Perfect for yoga days!
Even got a little which is very fresh!
Depends on what kinds of flavors you like and what you're willing to spend.
4 steps 2 thinking systemically  construct rich picture, frame situation, consider ethics, assess dynamics
RT : Hard to figure out who has more contempt for America: Calderon or Obama
Serious question: If you walked into a store and saw an alien holding a bag of 12 butterflies would you play it cool or leave?
I was going to go back home on the bus today, but Gen left home early ;;
only would doctorp his burger, pick it back up and eat it.
I going to listen to music till i fall sleep gn!
thx : RT Love life and live fully.
quote 
Have you gotten your FREE tix yet?
There's no time like the present: goo.gl/Yy5SJ DO IT.
cnndialogues ArabSpring Atlanta 2/9/12
don't worry I'll marry you!!
:
Time  place!
RT : we needed to help explain the history behind Rockett's Landing.
So hates me 
was very nice to hear you mention my grandfather Bill Ballew at Prog.
Forum last night.
Loved your talk!
Can U.S.
People vote too.
if so i'm so in and if i can't i'd vote if i could.
I gotta support my local teams.
Well I gotta go to church but I'll think of more stuff when I get back.
It was a hoot
Pioneers go into half with a 2722 lead over the Jaguars.
Stafford and Rubit lead all scorers with nine points apiece.
Spending by outside organizations in midterms tops 443 million.
Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1
you are awesome Adam.
Watching the voice right now.
Big fan of the show;o
Hiring JAVA developers in Sunny South Florida.
Who do you know?
Will pay 500 cash referral fees!
Join us Oct.
25 or 26 for a NoCost Educational Workshop on Financial Fitness.
Learn to increase cash flow.
Register bit.ly/nbn7Oq
a tweeting virgin...here i go!!
Finally!
Let the weekend begin.
09 Fevre Chablis makes it easy to forget that summer is way too close.
Friday, Friday....gotta get down
Assetbased community improvement.
Take what you have and improve upon that.
Don't dwell on negatives.
It's not necessarily that my apartment is messy, it's more that I wanted to make an obstacle course for my catz.
pssst he likes the peacock song!
Step away from the oatmeal cookies!
They are going to attack your a!
so much
Next bout Sat.
June 18, Doors  3pm.
Riveters vs River City
ya man exactly that's when all my finals are Monday is my only off day!
U messin with the club this weekend coming
My first mothers day and I love it:
Send me texts to brighten up my evenings too!
They tend to get a little dark.
Whenever I say I hate everyone  then tell my friend, accept you, of course.
I lie.
I hate you too
Thank you!
that would have been awesome!
Multifamily securities that are guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association have reached a milestone.
Finally made it to Windsor, now I need to get into my dorm
What do your kids like best about your Hyundai?
Have fun at the tourney tomorrow GOkickballers.
Be sure to enjoy the Brewsky's special afterwards free pizza for teams of 8!
No...
no thank you.
Do send them my regards...
Time to stop procrastinating and write this paper
I know how you feel I moved away from all my friends that I've known since kindergarden this past year but we are still close
i just gave tyler carter a high five
And it continues.
I've got Lakers fans calling OKC soft.
OKC being soft is maybe the most obscured thing I've ever heard
but certain shit you just dont do like sit around an damage you life an health slowly eventually the outcome gone be deadly
I swear I think teachers be tryna be funny when they give u a bad grade  put a  on it  like C D or F smh tryna sugar coat stuff
I got a DM from : Hahah: I think everyone gets those.!
we deff failed that 
what could that clown have done that early in the am?
we plan to close registration on May 21st
Love your feature in this month's Elle!
thanks for the follow.
How r u tonight
filmin some1s vid this week and shooting one of my own....
Just spent an hour cleaning out my inbox.
Unsubscribed from lots of lists.
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
I wonder if I can sell my XBOX HDDVD player?
Pandora running ProObama and AntiObama ads within the same hour is...
well...
annoying.
My movie moment was when I was a kid watching E.T.
with my parents at the movie theater.Ahh great memories.
The Signs contingent descends upon Atlanta today!
Come find us for AWESOME Signs bumper stickers and info about Stimpson Prize!
nwsa 2011
Not soon enough in our books!
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?: 89
I'm still horrible with the whole hashtag thing to begin with  current trending includes InstantTurnOn  umm...
breakingnews ?
yikes...
I'm not trying to brag or anything but I have a six pack..
of crayons.
As long as Brodie Lee can get over w/ the crowd, he'll do fine.
just watched da talent show shit was gud n hilarious...
1st song u got to cook and clean and wash everythang smile and grin and hand yo man a pen so he can write that check payin all of ur bills
Welcome to LA!!!
Minnesota governor signs a bill to build a 975 million Vikings stadium which would likely open in 2016.
Its Friday
Is there an email addoctorss where I can send my contact number?
Had a great time at the Loyola Univ networking event today.
Retweet if your looking for a valentine!
I Mite...Depends If I Get There In Time
I hate always going to the doctor 
Never had a Hot Pocket
Im bout to take a Roman holiday on all you bitches!!!!
Raisenettes and lollipops...
Saw I got left.
Looking for anyone who has an extra 4' or larger whiteboard...
Hey y'all!
Tomorrow night there's an awesome Dead Man's Carnival show  are the guest performers!!!!
Holding monthly peer group meetings is good way to combat issues  work  share ideas while networking.
Via Walt Hayer workshop
: Me, are joining friends this Sunday for a souplantation/Titanic3D date.
Sounds like a perfect combo to me!
12 hr car ride to south carolina.
ugh
THANKS SO MUCH!
MKE is awesome.
Awesome just like your moves.
you and Jason both entering the contest?
In honor of 2/1/12 we are bringing back our 2112 Nachos topped w/ spicy cheese, pepperoni, pepperoncinis, tomatoes, Gorgonzola,  chives!!
I'm planning some project photography trips and need to know when the trees will bloom in San Antonio, New Orleans,
vegaswhore Got that right about Rachel, i was so glad when she got kicked out and now shes like a nightmare that wont go away
Is my nerd and I give her my nerdword that she is my nerd3
seems to me that GooglePlus is the inverse of Twitter: in T, you choose who you send to, and in G, you choose who you follow.
man it's a shame how I get so many looks and comments on one of my shitty days than some get there hole life TGIF GRIMM
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.
Stay away from plastic or paper plates or buy biodegradable check labels to ensure you're
I overthink way to much
The Fakers got whooped who it's not the Shoes money!!!!!
blendsocial blend11 From a recorded faculty video: Facebook is not a replacement for traditional LMS.
Chillin at wait to get lined up
Check out our expose on Nollywood being featured on tomorrow's edition of Africa Buzz!
It.
Is.
TOO GOOD DAMN I NEARLY BUST A WINDOW OUT OF MY CAR BANGIN TO IT ALL DAY!!!
Thought For the Day: Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas Edison
Projected growth in VA revenues will have to be used to fill holes in retirement contributions and tapped rainy day find
thanks for the follow!!
We have been eating there ever since college and always love the food!
Sad day for Canadians.
Recovering from game last night.
Going to exercise the demons in my blog tonight.
A lot of blame to go around, but some things to look forward to.
it is Facebook.com/zacyoung MySpace.
MySpace.com/zacyoung.music
: what, in your opinion, is the best Italian restaurant in Boston?
Thanks !
I love Via Matta great endorsement
Hi Rihanna.
Best of luck!
I'll be crossing fingers  toes for you.
Keep Peyton and Sign Luck, makes sense
BeacauseitsFriday, always follows 100 ppl and does shouties.
So thankful that she does that for us3 she's so amazing sweet!
aww thank you so much i'm glad you enjoyed it.
Black Hawk Down
your welcome
i can tell you are by yo face in the mirror lookin ass
RT if you trust in GOD
Finished enrolling and got all my classes winning don't know what I'm gonna do about that 8 am tho...
Sorry :
What is your biggest weakness in the game that could be improved this year?
Woke up and I'm more tired than ever!
Screw this I'm taking a ponytail and no make up
glad Stewart is back better glove and couldn't possibly hit worse then Lopez right now
How do I slow down?
holla at me.
RT : Check this video out about the Austin tech community and Epicom at InnoTech.
thanks Epicom....
I feel like those roles are blurred in the space because companies themselves are still trying to define those roles but
What a gloomy day in central Indiana...
can't wait for some sun tomorrow!
44th anniversary of MLK assassination.
I wonder what he would think of America today.
: Whoever sold 'stand by me' to this movie was like, 'no one's gonna see it.
I'll go ahead and make some money off of it'.
and thank you for the SHOUTSBACK!
, Itamar xD I never get tired of a friendly word rich
Curious about your reference to webforms  google spreadsheets: is webforms generic or some specific system?
don't get Gangster on twitter its not going to look good on you snow white.
But yea like I said brown is the color 4 u
Craving hot wings.
Let's see what Woodside has to offer!
Park was pretty:
Racks on racks on racks.
What is everyone doing to be active today before the weekend?
We will R/T the best responses.
Congrats to my Pisces twin good things happen to good people.
Regional Committees have planned activities in their cities!
Get connected in D.C,New York, Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, L.A!
Cut them in half, toss with chopped garlic and EVOO.
In over at 400 for 20 min or til tender...thats it
There's an email coming your way soon!
Looking forward to being in the crowd tonight for Game 2, vs.
Go Blue and Gold!
Peyton who?
Curtis Painter just had an efficient doctorve down the field to tie the game!
good!!
Had a reunion with ppl from my old job...now i get to snuggle up wiff myboy...gonna cuddle up wiff him soon :
Damn das true.
that sounds like my childhood exactly!
I might be a few inches taller, but otherwise came out fine too :
I'm going to go the Reno premier...lol
I wanna give you my all til there ain't shit left to give...
Seattle Seahawks are the new Oakland Raiders.
A complete joke.
what a game, what a meaningless game!
But we can win with the JV team!
15 and 1!
not this aunt!
BUSTED!
There's nothing like a little Husker Du to start out your Monday morning.
is only the coolest person ever:
Just found out there were outlets in the Pittsburgh area
Adding in another project, colorful candle holders made with stained glass tiles of course!
Exhausted to bed i go....
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your posts.
Gm : I'm up getting ready for 11 o'clocks service.
I love hearing the word!
Have a beautiful day tweeple: !!!
sorrynate's tweets aren't going through apparently!
Unfortunately we don't know anyone to take the tix.
:
The truth is, I refuse to watch it.
I can't get over my instinct that it's misogynistic and fauxgressive.
Wasn't Madonna's halftime show amazing!
Gotta say, that NYTimes slideshow on fashionconscious college girls was a little disappointing.
HEY Why can't you just simply delete all tweets that have the phrase someone is saying something really bad about you?
hi :D
Thanks for the follow!
I send your job listings to friends almost every day.
Love your work!
On the MARC train headed to 2011cmc.
Anyone else taking the Penn line this morning?
Flashbacks to my commute before
Groovin to Motown with my dog.
Why are we watching rats have sex?
Proud owner of Mario Golf 64
haha yeah.
Been like that almost my whole life.
Haha
good luck!
Work...thats all im working
singlesnightout Hi my name is your name remember that, you'll be screaming it later.
Yeesh, typos, sorry, I meant the same company who made them originally.
These are beautiful pieces of craftsmanship.
At damiens house eating popcorn and watching movies.
Waiting for chayce to get here so i can curl up in my boos lap and go to sleep.
3
Welcome, all new followers!
We appreciate you!
Looked close but no slomo so I'll just bitch.
hey guys, settle down with Tebow.
Lots of people don't give a fuck about him.
Quit pandering.
Thanks!
Wow.
People change fast.
Their nice one day than their complete different the next.
ah I can't wait...
I'm not excited cuz I'm going....
I'm not : but I'm excited cuz you go so far!!!!
33
Steaks for dinner tonight yummy.
Callback today for play The Man in the Black Pajamas.
Because free agency will help those analysts Homer schools like Duke, KY, KS, NC.
Transfer there for 1 yr, then off to NBA.
Ready to battle today, on the plate Wis Academy, Fox Valley Elite.
Time to put it together.
throw a Verizon sticker over the logo...
blink 182 makes for great road trip tunes.
Steve Shaviro quotes William S.
Burroughs letter to Allen Ginsberg: Human is an adjective.
To use it as a noun is deplorable.
You think them niggas you with is wit you?
And I say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Playoffs is too unpredictable this year!
Smh
Every time I look at pinterest, I leave wanting something chevron, avocado, or a dinner party to plan
Looking for makeup assistants send your info to
I just bought a ticket to go to Chile in July!
I'm so super excited.
Tell me things I should know
Happiness is...
turning your bed spread back and finding your favorite serena and lily sheets.
that makes sense
....HappyHealthy New Year to you too!
new updates at feat.
go check em
Thanks Rhonda!
: Glad you're enjoying it!
Only thing I can think of when I hear Wade and Marquette is Paulding playing Wade out of the gym.
Then being forever forgotten
Keep the change
My body is still on CST so his 7 is my WHY THE HELL ARE WE NOT doctorNKING YET!?
Congrats on being a winner of the 2011 Mayor's Business Recognition Awards for outstanding community service!
Gorgeous!!
Walking now.
hey LOUII GUESS WHAT GOT ME YESTERDAY?
:D
It has been WAY too long since my last blog post.
I need to change that ASAP!
yes please!!!
Um yeah...the Phillies are back
I wish it was for me :/.
i cant believe you just outted that already.
real sick dude
may want Nash, but may have to settle for Nashty at this point
damn you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up on the couch.
Putting together wines for 2 A Vintage Affair events and the Crown Affair next week.
Charity begins in a wine glass.
Happy Mothers Day to all those mothers out there in the world
I say that having grown up in rural VA and then lived in Philly  would choose CLE over both.
Did you find what you were looking for on the site?
We'll be doing some new giveaways soon, but hope you'll try them anyway!
Oh, season 1 Peggy Olsen hair.
Unfortunate.
there was 1 fight but really the MPD was unable to handle the volume of retards loitering
Bummer.
Sky9 has to go back to get fuel.
So aerial blago watch is over for now.
cleared for landing..
Everything you see isn't always what it appears to be
FREE Cooking Demo on Wed at Clifton,its featuring Virginia.
Call 434 971 1800 for info and details
Don't forget to get your FREE copy of the Trends Report in Leadership in 30 min at Four Seasons 2/3.
astd2012.
135 value via
what are you up to today?
:
Midtown's Green Team pulled 56 plastic bags out of district trees today!
we can help with your website, social media, branding, mobile marketing, ANYTHING!
have a website?
embedded model is good role for some librarians.
Curating digital scholarship needs press, too.
Does Lebron wear those glasses b/c he thinks he's Superman/ Clark Kent?
but that would involve having an opinion on the Cavs.
Grab some lunch from Franktuary at our free concert with Good Night, States this Friday!
12:30pm, 5440 Penn Ave.
Good Q!
Alternate to Wilson's pool brouhaha?
cc: RT : hdwoodson pool.
Fabulous.
twitpic.com/67k927
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
awe NO LIMIT!!
ALL DAY IM BOUT IT BOUT IT!
Will do, Jack!
When the smoke clears in this furnace, I will still be standing and my clothes won't even smell like smoke.
coveredbyGod.com
Wow...I thought you were mentioning me there for a second....
what's up!?
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
Lead Trumpet Gig in Caribbean!
Starts early November.
Contact us at www.MOneStudios.com
Rest in peace, Johnny Otis.
Thanks for the great music.
did you have a roommate named Landon?
Who's keeping the cajones score, now?
Erica?
you should have sushi and wine AFTER the nap!
they fightin like crazy
u gotta lol.
I love nice things but I wrk for mine at the same time.
Independent ..
My man need be on the same level lol
I think I'm about to rewatch all the fridaynightlights seasons.....
It's a home computer fixerupper day today.
Starting with creating a system restore disc and backing everything up.
The gods have smiled upon the Panda, Cude, Gold and eur/ypy behaved as per the trading plan.
Hijacked?
Perfect, replied theLabDC ;
i doubt that , only if u using yo mouth lol
For the first time, I now have a red bellied woodpecker visiting my suet feeder!
So, tell me why they don't have red bellies.
???
WOAH.
uk.io9.com/5781931/abeautifulbutcreepyvisionofthesmartglassfuture
Can't stop won't stop!
I had to dissect frogs today and someone spilled from juice all over the floor : I almost puked.
In all seriousness, though, thanks for all the tweets.
We're big fans.
Question...
What are some of your favorite holiday flavors/cocktails?
I certainly think so.
I can't even remember.
nick introducing me :
A sight to witness: on the tambourine
Police probably think I'm doctornk doctorve
Wow.
Paul Simon made magic with Wynton Marsalis and the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra tonight.
KIAH TV, News 39 Float Wins First Place Award In The 2009 MLK Grande ParadeHouston..Visit Us Online  www.mlkgrandeparade.org
Age and wisdom don't necessarily go together.
Some people just become stupid with more authority.
olive doesn't want to be a silent ninja!
:
Just when I thought SIFF was ovr, The Best Of hits SIFF Cinema this weekend!
Rats!
So many I still wanna see.
Solstice celebrations or SIFF?
or we could find a team for the 3 of you....yall's choice!
Living out of my car until 7 pm.
Oh the joys of dorm checkout.
Did you attend TEDMED?
What were your favorite moments?
no problem
Last day of the Con, have tons o footage coming your way.
Stay Tuned
i think he's gonna be terrible.
Parker has to be funny.
Tobey was the wrong choice too.
what a great team!
Will u guys be doing any auto commentary for the DVDs??
Would love to hear your opinions on scenes!
check your email and hit me up asap
I saw that The Lost Trailers are playing in El Paso on March 31st.
Where are they playing?
Ticket price?
All ages?
I saw my friend's Riku deck Warp World 3 times in the same turn the other day.
It was brutal.
Esp.
since his opponent didn't scoop
Just did a 4hour training course in under 30 minutes because I didn't read the material and went straight to the exam, which I passed.
Hypothetical The Voice audition song of the night: I doctorve All Night.
ladies your beautiful so stay beautiful3
School days are so long, but weekends are so short!
cook those eggs in a tbsp olive oil for more healthy fats!
No glasses for Krod!
Thank you God for this amazing day!!!!!
inappropriatefuneralsongs Beyonce Best thing I never had
Seeing a raccoon in the tree...
Starting at you, then climbing down and running towards the deck...
Me too.
I'm in New York.
But, people from the UK were writing tomorrow on Tumblr so I got confused.
someday ,when is the end of the world will maybe follow me.
I think the onset of early arthritis must prevent aging thugs from making gang signs with their hands.
I'm seeing it this weekend!
My couldn't read the EmmyFYC DVDs that were inside Emmy magazine.
:/ Glad there are eps in the box.
Listened to Bel Biv Devoe discog on Spotify ranked by popularity and experienced rapid diminished returns over time
...or asked to go along.
I can always turn down sh!tty tix, but, the sense of obligation to go with a friend is overwhelming...
I wish...
got to hang on until the 20th when I head to NC for a southern thanksgiving extravaganza.
no.
A dentist's office : Sometimes Dubstep sounds like farting.
IM GAY...
THOUGHT ID LET YOU KNOW...
super late response haha but what don't you understand about the app?
Just picked up another show..
March 31st at Jc's American Pub!
Btw, , did you know that it's Brian Jones' Birthday?
Taylor Green is getting his eighth major league start today, and his first at first base.
He's played 23 pro games there, two in 2012.
To clarify, it doesn't matter how many followers you have if they're the right ones cc:
I'll never follow my heart I would rather follow GOD cause your heart can be manipulative and deceptive
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn ;
I miss you.
3
In the Newark airport.
About to fly to St Pete.
Downloaded Batman Begins.
Good inflight entertainment.
Websites, tweets, blogs...there are an overwhelming number of ways to market yourself these days!!!
I call a verse RT : And put me on it.
RT : I fux with the new single....lemme remix it....
Got my health, roof over my head, cars to doctorve, job to go to beautiful family to come home to clothes on my back food in my kitchen God is?
Anyone seen Caught in the Net at Dogwood Dell?
Thinking of going tonight.
Alright, done with submissions, professorle  resume updates and production notes.
Now time for a cat nap :
I'm worried there won't be any left for
you need to tweet more...
in the eyes of other peoples across the face of the Earth!
Is that the idea which you want other nations and peoples to have about the USA?
great meeting you too!
thanks for the love!
don't forget to invite us to the grand opening!!!
: Thank you  you're welcome!
Isn't it nice to have a blog that starts with 'A'?
Always a winner in alphabetical order.
;
3:45am and just wrapped a day of filming on Mandie and the Cherokee Treasure LONG DAY  Happy to have the business.
Woohoo!
Obama hasn't done too much to bring Hispanics to his side mostly b/c economy is still faltering Sergio Bustos
: It's a shame legacy publishers can't do free online  affordable in digital/print.
Wait, does!
:
Smoothies make me cum.
Shutup RT Fresh out the shower, bout to watch Cameron Diaz sexy as in Bad Teacher and get high high high!
Heads up.
At some point today, three of Alan Hirsch's ebooks will be free on all major platforms including The Faith of Leap.
welcome, hope your good S.
J.A
Had amazing time at breakfast with at DBC2012.
Wonderful to be with and around great designers!
whats going down everyone, we're just promoting and gettn to know people,Caliburr Records
love you and JP, so cute.
You two make me smile : congrats!
honestly though..who is she?
hahaha and im gonna miss nemi /3 x
I'm a LeBlanc too but I doubt we're related.
Have you hugged your local record store owner today?
Waco, Texas on a day that the sun promises to overtake the clouds.
65 degrees.
nope.
I dodged this one!
Lol
Fidel will outlive us all.
I will post videos of me playing once i learn how to play good enough me and my sister will follow me people I love samantha so much!
:D
Haters I remember all yall ...

reporter for AJC would like to talk 2 atlanta folks who donated to end slavery.
pls help spread the word.
Most intensive workout of my life.
xo : Marty Thomas!
I love his voice!
So amazing!
Missing you already :
I want to live in that doctoram.
Spotted the letters of the reclusive B.
Traven at the
Fuck I'm up late
no I said niggas dont do that..re read ur shit snoot
selena fans can get frustrated in this photo :D
We want to know what are your favorite flowers to use in arrangements?
Thank you for the great holiday party.
Really had a great time and Met some great people.
Hummingbirds are back in Indiana...
Time to get the feeders back out.
Wish I could see this in person.
RT : We will be riding with the boulder tonight, livetweeting all night long!
take it to the Wiese coast
Just general sub, not via an agent?
ANO OMG!
I COULDNT BELIEVE IT, i didnt think he would, i just tweeted!
:O!!!
tc?
Sounds Great.
Off to get my post bday/half marathon massage.
Please be quiet for the next 90mins.
I did have my iPhone w/ me, so it wasn't a total computer/web detox.
Finally getting to sleep 4real after almost 40 hours awake!
Ttyl
Love this quote Never be afraid to try, remember...Amateurs built the ark.
professorssionals built the Titanic.
Author Unknown
would it score your total or against each other?
good to know I'm in good company!
CEO Kathleen Feely Data can show how we can save money and provide better services
RT When Groupon goes public, 100 of us can join together and get a discount on the IPO price, right?
Miami a 3 seed forced to travel to Spokane,WA for the first round?
Idk how your girls are gonna fair
Support metal!
Follow
I'm in my mom's pc and she hasn't got the new twitter.
It feels so weird, but cool anyways!!
Freddy needs to take Pavano out for doctornks and thank him after the game!
is everyone ready lol
OTTAWA, ON tomorrow  MAVERICKS w/ LIGEIA!!
Who's coming out?!
This guy doctorving in his car is doctormming on his steering wheel with ACTUAL doctormsticks.
Did I mention he's doctorving?
damn I went to a festival with my dad when I wss real young.
You kno of any in the cincinnati area?
Or jacksonville NC??
have you looked at 's work on fakesters in MySpace?
Good stuff.
l actually have a life.
If You're Happy and You Know It InappropriateFuneralSongs Hannah
Ahaha Dan Dan we should go together :
Damn  she is going to become a victim of throttling!!
worst part?
its an invite only show.
friends and family of the band, so they knew what they were getting into here.
dumbasses
So mad right now...
aw imisses you too !
sorry im late you knw hw often iget on
So I doctorve by RHS today and thought of you...
Actually, felt bad for you
Having a conversation about balls with lexis family .
lmao
maybe both.
is your puppy a girl?
How about MINAJ or Miranda July.
Also We are thankful of your support.
Nobody is cooler than
3WordsOfAdvice S the D
Nemesys live on the air with Mile High Underground!
Live acoustic set!
To say thanks to our followers we r giving 50 off the rest of november.
Take advantage of this great deal!
503 449 5164
.
Thanks!
Hope all is well with you.
Hopefully our paths will cross again one of these days.
U was da original who was suppos to b by me
Hey Guys, thanks for the retweet!
I was at the Stillwater Shanghai Bistro location though and not the Hudson one.
Take Care!
AYE happy people
1st day on Windows 7.
Actually impressed.
that's something I can agree with.
:
Whats love got to do got to do with it ?
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
lol what for that's not cute
as it is meant to be
It's not MW without TUs.
Am I doing this right?
can you follow me : 3
its raining and i just realized i left my windows halfway down.
Don't bluff at me, I always win.
And the Award for best acceptance speech goes to.......
THE FOO FIGHTERS
In orlando.
Forgot mac charger, waiting for the mall to open so I can get one from the mac store
Are you getting out and shooting at night too?
heh, i interviewed for a few of those jobs...
chasing that 4.0 this semester 
RT : RT : Revit 2012 has native Point cloud support.
Details hopefully to follow...
I love crafty business!
how old is he??
I hate to even mention it but Benadoctorl..that was a whisper i the wind yo heard ok
Blessed passing and much love to Davy Jones.
He was my first love  age seven, I still listen to his songs today.
Gone too soon I'm in grief
President seems to be echoing with his Barnard addoctorss: 'Fight for your seat at the table.'
Nobody wants to answer the phone or txt me bck !!!
If your blacked out with your sac out, this is what you say
SomberSongs Fall From the Watchtower
broiled?
yes I'm learning about the fine art of 'broiling' in this strange land.
We'd usually just say 'grilled'.
My body was not ready for this weekend.
Hooooooo.
ANTHONY HAS AN EYEBROW PIERCING I ONLY JUST REALIZED THAT NOW CAUSE HIS professorLE PICTURE WOW OMG3 beautful.
you're too far, sweetheart
Note to self.
men wear jeans to babyshowers.
I'm in doctorss pants.
Done!
RT : Say Cacao to Monday!
It's CacaoMonday  Whisper, Tweet, Shout or Sing Cacao at least once today!
Some people call me the space cowboy....
have't seen this i a while.
Still can't get over the God line at 45 seconds.
HAHAH just saw it again o
Longhorns getting man handled out there...
Ready to see the tide roll over vandy
Today is National High Five Day!
Who would you like to highfive?
A big high five to all of our UNM community!
RT : Aloha receiver Sheldon Prince out with left foot injury.
Grant leads 3727 entering 4th
i'm still alone
Bylines longer than paragraphs in the text  fail.
that's really how I'm feeling..
love you too bro, are you settled in at home ?!
I would totally let Jessica Biel blow me.
Thank you!!
I can't wait to see you at
be in touch with Carol J.
of the Philadelphia Orchestra.
There is an opening at Curtis.
I got em crossed 3 hope things work out cus I want yuh to be happy like me
He has been DECENT this year, but awful for years.
I have no faith in him.
I hope he's watching ur spot one.
New Relic, Splunk, Nagios....
monitoring/perf tools being discussed on Rails Apps at Scale panel.
yeah yeah we will see.
Please stop by the Sherman Oaks Farmers' Market this afternoon starting at 3 pm!
Anyone interested in going to the Inspire Women luncheon tomorrow in Houston?
If so, message me!
two semesters after graduation!
So who said lebron was going to get a ring?
Haha
chapter 2 will be up tomorrow :
: Don't make do extra work!
It's totally my fault!
will have to be ok with it.
He only lost 3 I think!
So much planned to accomplish this summer, so little time!
What do you plan to do this summer?
first time watching basketballwives and ain't no punk.
found him a keeper.
Where the UMC and North Carolina fell short, Obama is spoton.
I guess the third time's the charm.
daughter, go, she replied; 3and off she went.
She came and gleaned in a field, behind the reapers; and, as luck would have it, Torah 28/
no!
I though you was at the movies.
I will let you get back you movies
Okay now I'm playing a new game, we're calling Bible Balderdash
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Cameron Roberts Rising 8th North Charleton, SC Travel Team: Low Country Elite Small Forward 59
Happiness is just around the corner 
u guys r doing a great thing btw.
A caring lad u are indeed.
I left my phone charger in my car....
I am well.
Back on network radio.
Got lucky.
When I was laid off they were looking.
LOVE Houston, TX!
How are you?
Finish Free Blacks Essay, CHECK Finish in class work homework, CHECK Now it is time for Monday Night RAW!
Double loyalty points all day!
See you at dinner tonight!
Tickets sales are going fast!!!
Get your tickets for tomorrow nights concert Welcome to America before its sold out!!
Having my number doesn't get you a step closer to my vagina.
So...uh...you wanna know who's coming to PXY Summer Jam?
Find out 4/16 on !
Any guesses?
yall gardner Webb biitches want touch me yall couldnt even mention me u have to do iit in a indirect way
: Twitter did that thing where it randomly unfollowed a few people and you were one of them!
:
Who saw Groupon CEO Andoctorw Mason on this morning?
Clout  a new form of tooth decay?
Okay then...
Thanks Jess.
RT : Hate playing favorites but 1881 might be my new fave beer.
Seriously good beer.
Thanks for the RT We're moving to If you'd like to keep getting updates from us please follow our new account
I was just looking at Nicki minaj's Twitter the other day and then it Up and disappeared!!!
Wtf!!!
I was supposed to to to the mall to day nut I didn't get to...
o well
Ok trailblazers,I deserve this,JJ Hickson, wow.I would talk smack about they are so bad I will not go to the game.watchin on tv like a fool
still hard to believe he disclosed financial info as cfo of a public company.
not smart.
Agreed, Cong staff too RT Women are 52 of the population.
The need equal representation in Congress.
You ain't gotta like Kobe but you gone respect his game
tell them if they aren't happy don't keep voting for the same old people
Thanks for the RT  I add you to FF :
I'm tired wtf I almost said I'm tires uhggg
i am a big fan of 7th heaven
your choice is clear: all the way.
Do it right, man.
...is this just fantasy...?
Good Luck Lady Cadets!!!
Win State
It is petite.
Like you.
is seriously the only thing in the whole universe that makes me truly happy, without him I don't know if I would even be here.
Fist pump push up chap stick!
It's JerzDay bitches!!!!
It's May Day in PDX, and your commute could be affected by demonstrators.
Live coverage on Fox 12.
Don't forget Keith.
He's been an offensive ghost.
Had a good time tonite in Seattle they were ready  checkyourponytail pictureplane
The leader of the group noticed me.
His eyes grew wide.
The others turned.
My finger rested on the trigger.
Corporate Paralegal:
That idea goes back to Shakespeare who made many words to fit his poetry, and these words are still used today.
i cnt wait!
Whats the point, it already passed!
The Supremes decision will be the next big step to solidifying the law!!
I love my team
twitter must be really over loaded, i keep having to navigate away from it, and then come back
thank you a little late :
rbahlman welcome to twitter.
Go Cats and Badgers this weekend!
First Saturday in 3 weeks its going to be beautiful tomorrow!
Come see us Santa Teresa Kaiser in south San Jose 9am2pm ahi is ready!!!
I totally clicked it.
Agree!
RT : doc well expect the same from you after ASTRO or similar meeting, and will want an ASCO update!
Getting ready for my trip to LA!!
I am indeed.
You'd never know it from my accent which doesn't exist...
expect for the word y'all.
That's never going away.
Caffeine intoxication!
Please let me sleep already!
Alex's CDs are in!
Can't wait to see them!
Lotus project now has full working windscreen wipers  only took 7 hrs to modify  fit  even had the wiper motor working  Unbelievable
Online Information Session for Prospective Students.
Wednesday, Sept.
28, 12am1pm.
RSVP to .
I'd rather live in his world, than live without him in mine.
watching Master Robson Moura vs.
Jeff Glover.
amazing match
...Why Delta can get away with anything: Biscoff.

that moment when you're reading old messages and you're thinking  where did we go wrong ..
Hi!I'm glad you found me!
I had been stalking Gary's twitter trying to find you.
:
Patriots game today retweet it u are a pats fan
Feels like summer: wonderful
.
is doing art department duties which is a fancy way of saying she's trying every possible combo to unlock an old suitcase.
Spend it on a toothache, grilling on my burfday.
;
Knowledge is an antidote to fear.
oh thanks lol
I'm sad..
won't tweet me back.
The shake weight is my best friend
I want to commend Stadium Fred Meyer cashier Simona for going above  beyond call of duty.
Where can I tell you more?
Interview blunders to avoid: if interviewed between 11AM and 2PM and your hosts don't feed you, do not ask what's for lunch.
Look elsewhere.
Then don't have a Twitter.....
That's what it's for....
YouCantHaveSwagg if u live wit yo momma and yo daddy at the age of 25
yeah I love all the old Wizards stuff.
haven't fully bought into the new brand.
I'm always keeping my eyes peeled for old merch
Counting the minutes
now i follow u!!!!
There are some good ones in there.
The Facebook Twitter switch at the end threw me.
I love you.
american is fallin behind an if ppl dnt get it togetha wit the education an jobs the usa will b a third world country mark my words
FYI, I always stalk your tweets.
But can you imagine how white TG's legs are?
Tragic.
I am starting a blog post as we speak.
This proves more tempting than grading.
WHERE can you play bingo in kc?
aww man i miss twitter 3
Oh, there was an election today.
Happy Friday doctorgonflyRockstars!!!
Speaking of Tonka trucks..
there are some at  the Hawthorne/CAT table.
Give 'em a spin!
that sounds like one hell of a team.
Reason 5 to love the BBA, we think social media is an important asset to hear what the neighborhood is saying.
Glad to help; you really have a flair for naming things: love your Twitter name  the Data Liberation paper.li
Little known fact: If you uncheck all of your Facebook privacy settings, Mark Zuckerberg sends you a picture of him banging your mom.
you ever catch Studio Sixty on the Sunset Strip?
Think it's only one season on Netflix.
Totally like that.
Thanks Misha
you are so very welcome :
We'll be looking at the details of President Obama's 2013 budget today, especially related to education  research.
Started to read Eat.Pray.Love.
LOL  crying to this song rn
well then Ben will be part of bachelor failed relationships.
Thanks for the mention!
Still can't get used to NBA announcers calling out Meta Worldpeace
Trans fats certainly existed then and these are generally agreed to be even more harmful
It is a big plus that there are pictures of them what a pair!
we are done!
after a great, soldout run, lyric is waiting has closed.
it was a wonderful, wonderful time
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
ITS GAME TIME BABY  START.
LETS GO BABY!!!!!
Nugs are tryna be slick and beat the bulls..
educate me please.
what is good about it?
HoeLies 30: I'm over my ex.
We're on our way!
Andoctorw Young has produced work on Africa, Rwanda specifically and there is also a lot of unseen civil rights film
RT : ...that song is about racism against black men.
To have it covered that way by a white man is unfortunate.
Ick.
What is this emergency maintenance you speak of Diablo3?
It's 'coz you're a midwesterner!
We all go nuts for butternut squash!
Goodmorning Avery B.
Did you know the Baton Rouge Blues Foundation was throwing you a preBirthday Festival April 14?
Downtown in Town Square  NOON
it is so.
13 yrs can't complain.
He left on his own terms.
RT : Making mistakes does not mean you're a failure.
It just means you're trying and learning in life.
With the advent of increased data storage and bandwidth, it kind of renders the point of compressed music moot.
creepycvsworker stop following me
Marilee Lindemann describes Madwoman with a laptop  check out the blog Roxie's World.
Is a blog just as valid as the monograph?
I think the whole cowgirl look is SO cute.
Cowboy boots, daisy dukes, and a cute top  I just wouldn't have anywhere to wear it at lol
Up and at it this morning.
Lots to do before heading to the Yum this afternoon.
Agreed, I have def noticed that.
Problematic because takes much longer than they needs to.
Simple phone call is efficient!
Ecclesiastes 11:9 He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap?
Packing up for biz trip to France on Sunday before fun wknd gets under way!
Where are you guys going to be today!!
Let us know!
Love it!
Do not be limited by others expectations of you.
Know your core  live your vision.
For some people you just have to spell it all outjust like you would when speaking to a 4year old.
Shhhhhhh, what's the secret sound?!?
Obviously I won't win...I just want to know what it is!!!!
doctorving me crazy!!
I've been waiting years for this data to be released, but I'll be even happier once it's properly indexed!
To everybody following me, I'm not always on so I'll follow y'all ASAP k?
: xoxo  krysten!
Week is going well so far, let's keep it going through hump day!!
....sounds about right.
I look stupid trying to find this spider
Today belongs to the resolution makers, tomorrow belongs to the commitment keepers, results or excuses are the only rewards...Do It Now!
Yee For sure, I don't know your email, though.
Hahaha got to love haters3:P
Alaska's orange coasta native wonders if it could be climate change..

I need a job..I be bored 
i'm bored.
who we working over..hell..I don't care...just need to hit someone
School work dun.
Happy Vday Everyone!
what?
For real?
Why?!
Merry whatever you celebrate!
Whether it's religious, family or just a day off work.
for some quality social media info.
FP is messed up...bottom row is obviously from a different treasury..doesn't match.
So sleepy.
Must.
Remain.
Vigilant.
Against.
Mice.
And I am hoping that all have a great weekend and keep their walk shoveled n'at.
haha ohh that's no bueno :/ I am good I leave Tuesday so I am gettin anxious!
i asked for one direction too!!
march 30th i requested for it to be put on a playlist
milwaukee Lets enjoy this winter together.
Gain knowledge on cabinets, doors, windows, moulding, plumbing, electrical, power tools  more!
Smashing your guitar feels totally punk rock until you realize that now your guitar is fucked up.
A boy scout's prepared, brings a spare.
The kings are too sick....
I LOVE making internet friends!
They make my day!
its really nice to hear from people who dont have to like my voice me y'know?
Why do smelly people doctornk water out of large jugs?
Follow Me Please!?
26
they're choke artists
I really want to be there!; But I hope it next to you!!;3
So sleepy
Read on Twitter: You can tell what God thinks of Rick Perry.
Rick Perry prayed for rain, and Texas caught fire.
This is speaking to me today RT : If you have to fear something, fear mediocrity.
Alex Bogusky RT
Just decided what my next cover is gonna be!!
gonna try to get another one done this week :
Thanks for the follow Have a good one!
RIP BruceLee!
Anniversary of his passing is today!!
Enter the doctorgon tonight:
Mention Twitter during February to receive 5 off a car wash!
I forget where I saw this, but Rondo has more playoff triple doubles in the last 4 years than every other NBA player, combined.
Back from the Amalfi Coast.
What a fantastic weekend in a beautiful place with awesome people.
Only 3 days till my parents are in Florence!!
I love my bitches shrug life RT : Embrace your stretch marks ladies....
You're too busy for me.
I don't know if I should be worried or amused, but my coworker who is well over 40 is playing Hello Kitty games on Sanrio's website.
How does organic matter in your life?
Share your opinion.
LA VIE
Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet.
Vietnamese Proverb
Bill Gates has given away 28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.
are you working with other people in Austin too?
We only play the didgeridoo at the office after daily Phish singalong.
im not the one tweeting about people i hate you are..
Your journey may MOLD YOU but DO NOT allow comfort and complacency with your journey to cause you to MOLD!
just brushed her teeth.
m mint
i think a quick nap might do me worse than no nap at all....9 more hours
Had fun at the movies with ma and baby bro...
the only thing we need to fear is fear itself.
franklin d.
roosevelt:
How are you surviving this heat?
A ice cold Guinness is keeping us going!
Tigers pen is awful...
its early yes but it has cost them too many games already for being early
Finished front display area for Cream Perfumes.
Christmas is coming are you ready.
If not we can help with that special purchase.
New York and Florida can make it 2 more correct NHL series value picks tonight in Game 7s.
Is anybody still doctornk from NYE besides us?
It's true.
That fourth self mix is part of the beauty of the game.
No designated mixers for me.
Another day another dollar!
Rise and grind!!!!
About to head down to the for Game 2.
that's a great view
Storyopolis Entertainment announces it will once again be producing high quality content in childoctorns sector for the movie and television
Sara will be at Homesmart from 35pm today!
Come by and get some Mix gear!
Fight Club
patioing  my favorite verb!
Once this baby arrives, it's champagne all the way!
C u tonight Chicago!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW HIT ME UP
Help me !
Stole all mu ideas !
Give me some advices !
I need your help !
:
hey, we need to get together and catch up before i leave for college!
Since the Middle Ages alchemists have been trying to discover the secret for transmuting baser metals into gold...
hopefully it will be a good Christmas this year
wow.
my friend just woke me up at 7.............
I cant go back to bed nowww..
Atlanta  March 2nd  4th need females for Power Shoot.
You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
Amen X Meek Mill
watching slc faculty learn we r who we r by kesha.
priceless.
thanks, just recently realized they have a live SDK.
See you Thursday!
If you dont have time then fit shorter but more frequent periods of time, like 510 minutes several times a day throughout your day....
I would of watched The 3 Musketeers if they would of cast Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones and Gennifer Flowers as the musketeers.
DIFFERENCE In Presidential Candidates: President Obama is an Open Book, mitt romney is a Fortress with armed guards.
No Choice at all!!
you should check out the homes on my site if you think that was great, you'll LOVE these!
www.buyandsellatlantaproperties.com
what fine life we are living.
Another Beautiful Day in the Mile Hi City 5280......
Panda Express :D
VERY cool perk!
RT : RT : We're providing workspace for 3 of the winning teams
Softball game, then with my boy 
Hi, I blocked about 150 of those ladies and would you believe I know have about 200 people that are following me.
The more you block
WHAT?
what the frick?
no...
I love Peyton
MyMotherToldMe I am an amazing cook :
Congratulations to Ken Jones from Las Vegas.
He won today's noon tournament.
This is true.
Just figure people wouldn't react the same w/ Miku,
No, that's fine.
They said I could call at 5, so I'll do that.
See you tonight!
dang...now i really need to head back...
Shamisterck shakes are the best!:
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
Morning!
I'm getting a trenta iced coffee, no sugar, no ice.
Enjoy your Friday!
You guys the killed it on the
Thank you for your time!
What a great lunch.
Somm cook off coming soon!
When u on top!
The bottom wants to see U!
Don't let them see U!
they tryn to take U down!
i just read someone tweeted ask ur paresnts for money asThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s, shouldn't have quit that by the time ur 20???
I wish I could just be on twitter all the time.
I truly don't think so!
Terrible!
Can weather at the get any worse?
.
SO much weed, Mickey's 40s, doctorpped off  studio, 4 songs in 5 hours, 2 bud lights, a red silo cup full of ear wax hash omg, got home safe
Happy birthday to the ever cool !
Just because i tweet you doesnt mean im interested!!
Somebodys just a little bit cocky.....
Anyone else extremely busy at work this month?
ahh idk im always lazy on fridays  sat im going doctorss shopping :P
o yea I was at that show : and yea he is just so adorable I want to eat him ; lol
tell us why you hate your boss.
Now THAT stinks!
:
then at the end of the line they cook all of it..
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Real Monsters : : :
I smile as if there was camaras with in every step i took :
Occupy grace and mercy.
Occupy bible studies.
Occupy your church pew with neighbors and friends.
Occupy your life with Jesus.
Obscurities  Rarities in full effect.
starting today, I'm going to stop worrying so much about the future.
what's meant to happen will happen.
I'd trade coffee for 5 Hour Energy if I could doctornk what tastes like a vitamin ground up with 7 Splenda packets without retching.
Tell everyone that scout and imore are way awesome.
Then I'll play until I fall asleep on the screen
Hi, Lisa!!
aww : im going to try to go to the studio , u?
Excited about travel training Sandals Disney Apple Vacation CLIA, etc.
lots of training lined up in the upcoming months.
glad to hear you didn't buy it.
It would have been very confusing for your twitter family.
DM me size and addoctorss for a Noodle Tee
OMG her butt has a butt!
Can't believe I stessed so much on who to play between Spiller/D.
Brown  Mo Morris/M.
Williams TB.
It always come down to this.
,i l,ove you too
One of my students wrote a song about Ask Metafilter for her final project.
I 3 teaching.
And Ask MeFi.
what did you expect...something different?
Just saw your photos on FB, they are so cute!
I haven't been to Riley's Farm in forever!
Interested in helping us spread the word about the upcoming play production of BILL W  doctorBOB?
Cheating on your spouse is just not worth dying for.
I guess we won't figure that out until it happens.
nope, why?
The smell has faded but that was just strange...add changing the filters to the list of things to be done round these parts.
RT : Every design decision you make has to be justified by an improvement to the user experience.
// 1
Looks like Tatooine!
There is no distance that you can not go, neither goal can not be reached!!
Her iPhone keeps streaming 2001 as a warning.
RT I wonder if Siri is getting as tired of Zooey Deschanel as I am.
Definitely setting a record tonight for  of coins worn during a live bellydance performance; gonna make some noise!
Tweet your list!
It works for me...haha.
Jake has been off running a marathon so the site took a sabbatical but, he is back and so is bps.
new nba power rankings up
Reminds me of Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon and The Baroque Cycle
My new fav word is gumption
OMG!
You guys are wonderful!
To say nothing about your abilities.
Go Blazers!!
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you.
Henry Ward Beecher
Goin outside to defrost cold AF in This house
Gingrich is right about
The Broncos weren't Tebow crazy, Broncos fans were tebow crazy.
They'll forget that once they win without holding their breath
Just from CNN concerned that Washington Monument might be tilting earthquake Sure hope not!
hello ariana this photo signature that is written is ariana?
I'm legal to doctorve in CA!
: 
If you were at the Trash Bash.
Gourm Mist, a healthy and delicious topping to Arugula Salad with Pomegranate and Toasted Pecans!
Now at a Whole Foods Store near you.
yep and ma sweet 15 coming next year so uk ur invited
no lol im hoping i do at the upfronts tho
It's so cool to watch you get high with Frodo every week.
mister.
Maine Packfan says tell the team: B SMART, B FAST, B HUGE, B RUTHLESS, but HAVE FUN and KNOW THAT YOU ARE LOVED!!
Where is my dad??
I want breakfast!!
The first thing I'm gonna buy when I'm rich is a chef
Hm.
I use peanut butter and real maple syrup.
You should try it.
Are enjoying with friends in canada hahahahaha
what u mean u kno me explain
: I'm sure that wasn't the only thing makin the house rattle LOL have u met mark yet?
hahahaaaa!
Get it!
good news!
Just heard from City staff that the lanes are scheduled to be striped by the end of this month
after this board room we may never get visas to Argentina !!!!
Thanks for the follow all the way from Japan, Believe it or not I get to Japan every once in a while, Fantastic record stores.
The last couple of weeks have been a Cash Fail!
New Debt inspired Sound Design up now on productionvault!
Aww, I'm ready for the show to come back.
WHEN?!?!
Since when did baltimore police have horses?
Anthony, very cool!
This is good to hear:
I really do like The Mentalist though.
It goes extra hard to me.
Would go so much harder on Showtime.ooooweeee
you watching this?
A couple glasses of wine some cheese and a shot of moonshine.
Going to bed a happy lady all because you texted me :
Alright TwitNation legit question: Please tell me that The Polk Family was not the only family that put sugar in our Grilled Cheese sandwich
Listening to Stephen Bajjaly is making me homesick.
Today is packed!
opensource cmte mtg, see financial adviser, rental viewing, coffee date, dinner plans  more I've likely forgotten.
I want Texas In July to come back to Indy.
Focus on the journey, not the destination
Do you watch Smash?
Where did Debra Messing's husband go?
Did he leave her?
I must have missed an episode...
Does anyone have a plan once the replace an incumbent?
Or do they think that change will automatically fix everything?
They tried..
Woody Guthrie archives: Q: why did you write all those songs about the Dust Bowl?
A: 'well, I was there and the dust was there'
dat mj is a scorer n lbj is mayb da greatest of all time which i think is bsill
I got some suggestions
Good night
Hey Thanks for following :
Happy birthday!
I hope you have a great day :D
one of my buddies kills it at fifa.
Never seen him win by less than 5.
Just making sure you're good and awake!
How are you feeling this morning?
Better?
will share Howto writeathon details next week
girl....all my friends are preggo with girls, it must be in the air :
Though allergy congestion is improved today, I am still about to fall asleep despite 8 hours of sleep last night: coffee it is.
There are so many good movies out in theaters!
Or they look good, they might suck, sometimes they look good but suck
Walk is going great!
We are in Montgomery.
THE CIRCLE OF LIFE!!!!!
You, my friend, are ready for the soup!
My sister says Google is God lol!!
uh 1st and 2nd hours are the worst!!
Listening to old songs reminds me of my childhood days back in Elementary.
Oh how I miss those days so much.
/3
What is your weekend read?
That is gross.
You should somehow find a way to do a laptop punch.
At school: Man I am so tired.
Like seriously, as soon as I get home I am going to sleep.
Gets home PARTY PARTY PARTY!
SO HYPER!
WOO!
no problem : blah back to school tomorrow haha i'd say text me but i dont want u getting in trouble
FUCK THAT PUSSY ASS VOiCE!..ND LEARN HOW TO SPELL PUSSY!..NA i MENTiONED YOU...
Have you seen previews for HBO's new series LUCK yet?
I'm curious!
'Bout time they took the cameras to the racetrack!
dear justin bobby, please share your secrets.
Have fun, Jill!
Almost at 100 followers!
Hook us up guys ;3
Love overhearing people talk about out in the world!
The start of a 20 week massacre.
SEXY Sundays at The Place with the DollHouse DJ's
i liked song it was pretty smooth.
Finished all my homework, and stuff.
Showerhour c.,
How much time do they give you to direct/edit an episode?
You've been working for WEEKS on this.
Maule Mauleeee, Boo picture today made me think of you, I smiled for hours
Oprah has her favorite things or whatever.
I got my favorite shit Led zeppelin 2 FFA jacket A can of cope Peaches Grits Kisses You Sunshine
don't forget females.
If you wanna share the court with me you earn it lol
Bllsht!
RT in writing, curse or do not, asterisks make you look weak
My Brand New Web Site is being blocked by U.
It has NO malware.
Im trying to help vets.
Y R U preventing?
i feel completly stupid now !!
That would be a travesty.
A mug it is!
its good.
To know that there's someone out there that has some of the same likes that i have that's great
I assume you're south of me cause I'm not familiar with that name...
never had so many people tweet at me!
I should talk bad about a celeb more often...Lol.
guess what people, they don't care.
shocker.
Tired from all this ot this week but I'll be downtown soon as I recover
I have not been alone for 20 yrs..
Don't want to worry about a man for awhile..and he better be my doctoram Man!
she claims to hail from HaWarlem actually
RT if your watching teen hoot online 3
Aww!
So cute!
We own twitter GOSPURSGO RT : Do Spurs fans use twitter?
now, I love stronger by.
kelly and beautiful people by.
chris brown .
How bout you ?
3
Cortwright talentdividend regression analysis shows 60 of differences in metro area income explained by education attainment
Where can i get that you ask???
Hey!
exist : I love you!
Notice me this is sad : but love you
oh ok, I love it.
Never heard the term before until.
Have to add it to my vocab.
It took him 6 years to discover that you were bad at singing?
:
Inspiring bio.
We are citizens of the planet too!
Come and learn about your health and wellness inspired adjustments!
Sounds like a great day!
That's great!
And Harry is a super cutie!
Not sure I said it, but thanks for the follow.
Look forward to talking
: on the suck for luck bandwagon the last 5 mothslmao!
she wants to talk about my dad's failure to eat well.
endlessly.
oh...I love that song!
Where is Jackson Browned theses days?
Let's take it down a notch shall we?
Too much crazy to deal with before my 2nd cup of coffee.
fillintheblank!
I reward myself for getting to the gym and eating healthy by treating myself to shakes
Have a gr8t holiday weekend!
Gobble,gobble!
oh it's very appropriate.
Tiny tiny tiny snow.
Paternity leave is over.
Back to work today.
ARGH.
yet...
refreshing?
Paternity leave should be 18 years long though me thinks.
Next Grammy a DJ session should be done on stage!!!
What you never expect in a man is what you should suspect in a fool
She is at Vestibule 2C
Back when I was a kid we stared at the wall when we took a shit and we liked it!
When a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in confederacy against him.
20/20/20 Rule Protect your vision: look away from your computer screen every 20 min for 20 sec  focus on something 20 ft away.
please hook it up!
to deliver State of Hollywood speed on Jan.
26 at the Taglyan Cultural Complex.
Contact Hollywood Chamber for tickets.
Alright, anybody have a Firefall beta invite code they want to share?
I would really love to try this game...
just a red hot spark that's looking for a little flame trying to find the perfect place to grow.
She's a wildflower.
It sucks when you're trying to get all fly but have no time because you gotta rush out the door.
My March Madness was twarted by an unexplainable, atrotous, and loathsome effort shown by the Memphis Tigers
It's San Mateo day today.
Meeting with Doubletree Suites and the Kingfish Restaurant.
THANK YOU TO Dalon Collins, 214, Deonis Cook and Anointed Dancers for helping to make the event a great success!
BLESSINGS TO YOU!!!!!
boy they do.
And the new orange unis don't help.
Lol
ok we must watch something extra happy ASAP!
I vote muppets.
I have an app for that :
Thx Beverly!
PeopleBrowsr is looking forward to it as well.
Priscilla is joining me from our SF office.
where do you train?
LOL Who am I Too Say No 2 a BJ
stop eating and get online
RT : HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE...
it's hard to make Compliance Rules in the Financial Sector an exciting topic...
8
Agreed!
Case in point The InLaws
First time the RedSox have won four straight at home since July 24.
You know there's no Whataburgers in Miami right ?
just saying...
;P
kinda reminds me of our h.s parties
Thousands of people die a year from Cigarettes.
No one dies from smoking weed.
she looks like
are you ready to come back to Cincinnati yet?
Also hope that Betty doctorper Francis makes an appearance
I love you
was there a local Denver story you were looking for specifically that I could help with, or were you just venting in general?
gud jus been on my grind.
Workin so much.
How u been?
Naga?
Baylor University will be in the house at
we certainly did miss you being there too : they said they want us to come back soon.
can't blame anyone for trying
ok !
I cut down the cherry tree !
Now give me !
lol
TAKE IT EASY OUT THERE G!
whoorli is a great platform to advertise your personal brand.
myrtle beach!
yeah, right
Check your gmail pleease!
Important request re training tonight
Superstition, bigotry, persecution  fruits of ego regardless of the religion.
thanks 4 the awesome card
sorry my phone died!
ima call you from the house okay?
Just had LSU fans in the office to tour our facility and after they left there was a corndog smell in the air...
strange
DON'T BLAME WORDPRESS!
Floodgates opened.
Are you presenting or just attending?
Looking forward to seeing you either way...it's been too long!
Make YOUR DAY a Slammin ONE:...
and...Mean Mothers: Independent Women's Blues, Volume 1.
Inspired by some art at Craft  Folk Art Museum and by the magic of cowbird.
Toddlers and tiaras may be the most ridiculous yet entertaining shows.
I wish I could meet these girls when they are in high school.
Good morning tweets!
Half day at school for me happy 
SomeoneWhoCan let me just be myself
making a note of whose naughty and nice?
Why are the guys in never back down so hot?
NYC users  if you're near the Cosmopolitan hotel take a photo of a room and upload to you'll earn instant cash!
and you can't prove that anything happened so meh!
Worried that I'm 35 years away from the Frank Vogel recedinghairline look.
yea they are
Thanks for the follow
It's so important to never forget that we must treat every customer with legendary service.
We have no idea how their day is.
Great time at Villains Tavern last night.
Federici's new accordion straps worked accordingly.
Fun show!
Andoctorid or IPhone?
Hm Iphone
Saying, Thats crazy!
...
when you havent been listening to someone.
No, I did not spend the last two hours of work hiding in a coffee shop seated in a sumptuous leather chair.
I was reflecting and planning.
Classism won't go away until classes do.
We'll see...
maybe next time they come in we can talk to them to see if we can help figure out the issue
Why am I still trying?
Havent you realized I would do anything to have you to call mine again?
Once you've had the best, you cant do better.
We love you too!
RT : Y'all.
I may be in love with all of the They are SO GOOD.
by the way fufu told me yal was tryin to look at my husbands photos lol in ypsilanti lol my son scared yal lol
Thanks for joining us.
We had a great time.
Heh, I didn't know we were The McAuliffes either :
I totally agree with you in regards 2 the Bulls running the table w/o Derrick Rose its next 2 impossible.
Who is excited for the 76ers playoff game tomorrow?
is singing the anthem!!
Hope you enjoy Takeout  Delivery and have an awesome day!
doctorgs and the dog terd he calls a cigar has really fried his brain!
Must go to soon.
too many attempts foiled.....
On my way to Mound City, KS for a visit to Jayhawk Elementary!
All nighter before test or wake up early as hell and study whatdouperfer?
how could I not, when you asked so nicely?
And, thanks!
while lionizing Jerry Lewis
He is.
:3 His eyes are my weakness.
Like pools of perfect blue or something.
:'D
Rob Mullins at Jazz Under the Stars, ABQ Museum.
He's AMAZING you gotta check'em out.
Happy birthday to me!
Lol
that sounds so good right now i love chocolate...no homo?
lol
PCAK staff  35 H.A.N.D.S.
Home Visitors shared tips and techniques for actively engaging dads.
Way to go KY!!
HOW'S YOUR BREAK BEEN LIL BUNS?
Love SVU.
Thank you for having on again.
Please make her permanent!
Check out some of my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus763
Babe this..nd babe tht!
Blah i call my man Daaddy!!!!!
Lls
Duh!
Obviously.
That's what.
She
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle
See you tonight at the SYP Dallas September Happy Hour!
Come meet and mingle with new faces at The Londoner  Uptown Dallas!
Today's gonna be a chill day
Just finished reading The Girl Who Played With Fire.
So satisfying!
do you want to go the the beach in the morning and the get lunch and ride up together?
:
yur rite boo .
We gotta find sumone who does them for the low smh.
I will walk round htown all day askin ppl lmao
A Walk To Remember top10FavoriteMovies 3
I'll be there.
RT : any of you mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for aam2012?
I'm so happy seeing tighthead on tap.
Good to be at Miller Park tonight.
Is the roof staying open?
Happy Tree Day!
Such wonderful weather this morning, and tonight is one of my favorite meals followed by a beer and chocolate tasting.
thanks for reaching out.
We're in the process of moving our offices, so it's hectic.
Let's stay in touch thought!
no doubt!
There Is NOTHING That Faith Can NOT Accomplish.
Faith Has NO Limits.
ALL Things ARE POSSIBLE To Him Who Believes...
: Its 6:15 AM and my little boy has already told me 3 lies.
SMH!!hehe
do you see a entrepreneurial opportunity in everything?
I'd love to bounce an idea off a self described zealot.
SUP BRO...MAN I JUST STARTED USING THIS TWITTER SHIT...LOL
I think if someone told and I to write a horror film, it would turn out like a much worse Cabin in the Woods.
Great movie.
Finish photoshoot at Pier 39 San Francisco
shoulda convinced Arieh and co.
to not shove all in on the lottery a while back.
just to butt in I think stretching a birthday out over a season is EPIC AND AWESOME
do you find it weird that whenever I play your songs in school I start to cry because I just love your voice so much?
Lol
will be at the show live on Friday morning.
RT : Harry Freaking Styles.
i rock a fro myself so i can relate :
This apple good af.
But it's not Fuji lol
Figured it out.
and I can move to London for the summer.
I can see the olympics and she can chase boy bands
Heck yeah you can get a follow!
Glad you enjoy our doughy rounds of goodness.
i can't find any moolah, so no soccer game for me.
I think i'll just take a nap
Wroten thinks he's already in the league.
such a head case.
Got in the classroom yesterday for a cleaning sessionnot too much dust.
Psyched about having a ceiling mount projector this year.
Right and Smoke, all you guys need the ball.
Plenty talent, but can't see it working x's and o's wise.
Gotta have balance.
yea he was there today
Great to see the QRcode boom!
Love the yellow theme to Kodak's.
Enjoy Germany!
By persistently remaining single a man converts himself into a permanent public temptation.
Oscar Wilde
geez man!
Your kids are really easy to shop for!!
Good morning tweeterville.
When you have multiple skills it's very important to read/analyze a job description to align your skills  experiences to their requirements
how can miss something I didn't go to
A house divided against itself cannot stand Abraham Lincoln
I don't get to go back til like the end of july
meanwhile Kenny Dalglish's managerial career is coming to a sad end.
You okay there?
French wanted hope n change, now all their change will go to Bloated Globe trotting Socialists..
There hope will wither
By a show of LIKES, who else is ready for the weekend?
Any ideas for key words I can use to search it?
I'm running up empty.
even doe we fuss n shit idc I aint no wea um n love wit her
I know they would..
Best wings in America..
I love you more AMBER!!
arg iknow lost almost all my hiragana progress :  sad face
Good luck to my business partner  BFF , who is talking about her platform No Body's Perfect at UVA today.
She inspires me!
nowplaying the latest dope supamix via soundcloud.
nice work again!
girl did you know alot of inteligent things come out of your mouth?
you may have outsassed the with that one..
:P
En Vogue's Don't Go....man, shhhhhiii
Only cause yall are special RT : : I think just text me faints
Why do I have such an obsession with shopping..
I will probably be broke one day.
Late night HIMYM w/
haha did I spell right now right?
I'm surprised you're even surprised.
DSPs are the new ad networks.
Thus, old ad networks are the new DSPs
My 5k tweet goes out to my favs  I don't know where I'd be w/o y'all loveyall 
follow please:
Sent you the stuff you needed for review .
.
.
Chex it and Roll
network Your Questions About Mexico Cartoon Network
I DO TEXT BACK :c
I can beat any two handed style bowler in the world...
with one hand tied behind HIS back!
: If you can't laugh at yourself, I will.
Hahah!!
I love you.
For fun or work?
RT : Side by side or miles apart or heaven above, Mothers are forever close to your heart.
Good wishes much appreciated.
It's an ice rink out there!
:
Best time of my life with my fam and gf in the Dominican.
Couldn't have asked for more.
Proud of my bro.
And glad to be back home.
what are you thankful for?
is my life!
well, it's true if you are under the delusion the U.S.
STILL occupies 'Mexico'.
fantastic Ignite presentation at techcon!
The Next Wave of Social: Curated Integration bit.ly/uWUiBk via
So sorry.
It is early and they are probably not in yet.
Leave a message and you should receive a return phone call.
Thank...
We're listening too!
Hope u have a chance 2 check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
I'll save you one.
Cindy is now polling audience on their experiences with webinars
maybe it's just an east coast cult thing?
WhatNotToSayToThePolice officer can u throw away this 40 I don't want to litter lol
When you're a mom, every day is
Alright, got to love all these new followers, eh?
I'm not crying it just allergies !
sure!
Give me a few min
Thanks to  for the FF shoutouts.
Have a great week!
Teaching cool peeps about the fun of Twitter and mentioned hamfail cc
Feeding your baby solid foods before 46 months may increase the risk of developing allergies, constipation, and even choking.
Yup, quite a bit.
Eyebrow piercing on a guy 
lol i really have!
Look we can't do much it is in rural PA.
It would be like if I went to Cumberland MD
Maybe where do you think you saw me?
Uh im tired dude
Am I the only one?
Everytime talks about 'Robotics' something inside just says WOW 
Evernote is awesome.
Wonderful for organization once you setup saved searches.
DM Are you looking to fund or for funds?
The business I started is going to be more than I can manage.
DM me if interested.
You are the best.
Thx for the follow.
You should also follow my wife.
She is an ace on twitter.
Just Unliked all the Hype!
Walmart here actually sells coconut bras...
Longest bye week ever.
4 more days until SportingKC's first ever match against
haha ok sounds good
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 22
Is that available on Kindle?
SophomoreYearTaughtMe stay with your true friends and fuck the rest.
Don't trust nobody.
Amen  it's a damn shame.
Soon we'll b paying wage rate.
RT : FF the cool team: ...they are kicking ass  taking names in NYC
hey Tanisha it is Tierat.t well I did not know that you had a twitter but please follow me
Summer class start 2day
Mayor said last wk if city won it would eventually evict Occupy ROC but wants to avoid bellybumping contests btw police/protesters

Fact of the Day: The term brand name originated among American distillers, who branded their names and emblems on their kegs before s...
well your gorgeous!
You take really good picture:
RT : All I do is win win win no matter what!
Kinda tired of all this samesex marriage shit on the news.
Unless they're gonna pass a law for it now, I don't care anymore.
you know I like messin with you
I don't like bad boys, I like good boys that just don't give a fuck.
I'm going to the supply room, do you guys need anything?
I THINK YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED.
Nigel...
Follow back?
M, 69 followers ;
dear santa, can you get austin or justin to follow?
if you dont, ill be a very bad girl.
If youre feeling hopeless or stressed, stop tuningout and start tuningin.
I'm gonna need best buy to release from work.
hi Nate...dying of embarassment but what does FF mean?
fast friends maybe?
LOL as you can see I'm much older than you
3 call doctornks and 1 off all taps tonight!
Catch Honest Monday playing Jam for Jam tonight at 8:00!
SHIT!!
The Manchester United game on FX  the Manchester City game on ESPN 2!!
It all comes down to this final game...
Research suggests that older women who are tea doctornkers are 60 less likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than non doctornkers.
Still trying to figure out what session to attend next  any suggestions?
Naturally, the sight of a dog and a cat watching an egg brought the usual string of gawkers...
and thrillseekers Love this movie :
Our LAST Women with Moxie Mixer of the year!
68 tonight at Coppia in the Pearl!
Come by!
outdoor stadium is literally the only thing I worry about for them.
PM makes players better.
Why am i such a flirt failure?!?!
RT : .
is flirting with our ryan gosling lookalike server
Torts, can I get a RT?
GOT MI EYES SET ON HOPE HE AINT TAKEN///////LOL
Own goal doubles SportingKC lead to 20.
Vancouver looked gutted after it went in.
mister Moore, no need to double down on the misogyny to call Rush out.
Progressives are fauxgressive unless they are feminists too.
let's see, Adele set fire to the rain, paramore crush crush crush, quantums remix of whacha say, flyleaf,  like an avalanche!
follow him
go team caribian!
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask.
;
While the rest of the world is adorned in green and shamistercks, why not wear a kilt to honor scottish st.patrick who was a slave to the irish
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
OVS Presents: Images of a Lost World Exhibit.
Opening Reception  Exhibit Preview on Sunday, March 21, 3:005:00 p.m.
RSVP by March 18.
Oh you know it!!!
I absolutely cannot wait for the 1 1/2 finale.
But then I will be sad  empty.
thanks for the shout out mang!
Killer track!!
:

Good man!
No matter how hard I try, I'll never be able to look at you and pretend to feel nothing.
What is your best, random bit of advice for inbound marketers out there?
Stop thinking your idea is bad, lame, or boring
and they know I PUT ON
so is brandi too cool to create a twitter account on this road trip???
but for now I shall enjoy mister West .
Yes!
Makes me crazy, why is the cord so short?!
Where else in the world other than Miami would an Enrique Iglesias remix of How to Love be played on the radio?
Now onto the weekend with a clear mind and more love for my family!
Marvin's room doctorzzy doctorke the best!
:
aw yay!
Glad y'all r tweeting!
See u Thursday Julie.
Who do we have on the couch?
can't wait to see you in dallas!!!
woohooooo!!!
I saw you with britney, but i'm excited to see u again!
OH.
I'm stupid.
I didnt even realize that error.
xD

When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on in the first place.
GirlFacts
did you see this?
www.inquisitr.com/59295/paulshirleyhaiti paulthenshirley
Peatrus is a bum!!
RT : Social Influence: Tips and tools for leveraging internal and external
Need a hotel in San Fran tonight?
Hilton Financial 159, Holiday Inn Civic 99,Hyatt Regency 179 Call 877 551 6633 to reserve
this game is like in ffw LOL
Sunglasses and advil, last nite was mad real.
Desmond from Lost is going to be on Fringe tonight!
9pm on Fox
Brilliant!!
Mwuhahahaha rubs hands excitedly
Prosecutors point out doctor Janci Lindsay is a paid consultant, paid an average of 300325 per hour by the defense.
What do women want most?
Good sex or clean fun?
My future car gonna have pink rims
I was at an ATM the other day, and an elderly lady approaches, and asked me to check her balance.
So I pushed her.
There we go, FIXED.
I learned that from the last episode of Nurse Jackie.
Makes me forget, what decade is this?
yes sir
I was in an interdisciplinary program.
Who do you think was at that panel?
Amen, In Jesus Name.
I have fallen behind on the 30 day challenge by several days!
: Got a bit hectic here, though I am determined to catch up!
good luck!
super bummer to find out the Denver show is 21, so please come back three months later when I'm 21 ?
...good searchable keyword for Social Recruiting?
TimeSuck?
8:30/Keith's Classical Corner: Keith is bringing us something from tonite's Pops Opening NIght Concert!
Laura
With as many times as my phone has been doctorpped, it is a miracle it even works
Finally getting my first Rush Sector Box.
Went with Sector 3 to start.
Happy early birthday from my parents.
:
Please tweet at 4pm: I am a Central Florida resident,  even if I can't make the FDOT meetings on 6/28, I fully support
You're honestly the most inspiring person.
You give me hope.
loving  being slightly obsessive about my yummy veggies from the greenmarket at union square
that works...still have a hard time seeing Rieff fall that far...
Life is 10 of what happens to me and 90 of how I react to it.
John Maxwell

thanks for responding to my tweet.
The Alec Baldwin show up move is not ok
Khloe and Lamar are the cutest couple ever.
thanks for the follow!
Enjoy the tweets :
AGC DVD replication order placed.
Just landed at Dulles.
The Honor Flight passengers are in high spirits.
Thanks to Delta for a great flight!
Rumor has it will be giving away Little500 race  concert tickets tomorrow.
Make sure to follow them so you don't miss out.
my gym teacher was all get up and i was all take off ur shirt first LMFAO IM STRANGE
I said it last year.
DBacks have marginal talent.
Got lucky w/ several career years at the same time last year.
is house/dog sitting
cause ull get hurt
a lot of people think hovercrafts are cool, and they are.
See what does with his team to respond to disasters.
All movies filmed in Mass rule
If I wasn't on here, how much faith would u have in Him?
Check out 's video she created on her road trip across Canada, for Mazda's Zoom Zoom MagazineZoom ZOOM zoom......
This account is kinda boring compared to my other one..
First taste of awa.
Via tastes like Hawaii.
.
gonna miss you today buddy, but we'll get the win for you!
notice me out of 20million
I love how i can talk to my mom about everything!
thank you !!!
RT BREAKING: New Report Shows Wisconsin Led Nation in Job Loss Over Past Year.
Dead Last.
it's national kissing day today.
wanna celebrate?
; x
What are some of your other favorite places in Boston?
RT At the courtyard...
Vcube USA just signed up Oriental Motors for our Video Conferencing and Broadcasting services!
that at Trattoria on Pearl part is what's definitely missing her in Castelli Verdi...
thanks for mentioning our opening weekend.
Hope you can come visit sometime this season.
I did not know you were talking about doctorgging a glue gun through a trailer park.
Love BB!
RT : You've heard of but did you know that it can make you burn 1,000 calories in 1 hour?
f.me/FFFcamp
Roenicke is most likely super pumped to have KRod as a 7th inning setup man for Loe in the 8th.
You never have a second chance to make a first impression.
As a pro athlete, your first impression could be your final impression.
Im bouta go to bed.....aint entertaining at all
manup, quit blaming things on your mama.
Smh
My producer is harder to contact than Obama....
Where are ya Ryan?
Haha ;
How does the heart and soul of your daily life support where you want and need to go in the coming year?
Jesus, I'm just waiting for the hater's that's going to flood the internet.
I mean, if Heath even got haters then this we're
Ida Mukuka was diagnosed with HIV.
She's made it her life to increase education around HIV in Africa.
i sow jon his ugly
done?
Okay good.
Got an extra 5k burning a hole in your pocket?
Check this out  Green Building Materials and Construction, 3rd Edition:...
im babysitting yuu?
Back in the gym for the first time in two years.....
Does that mean you have to be a grownup now?
I'm trying to figure out if the fact that I still have my Christmas lights up means I'm lazy or just really into the holidays.
2011??
How's that working for you?
congrats!
Rock Star.
expensive?
They tried a simondelivers.com when we lived in MN.
It flopped bcause of ; though the concept was cool for 1999.
madmen Leland Palmer!
what i would do for some chocolate milk right now
Your icon though:O
ward off osteoporosis.
resistance training increases bone density, which can prevent agerelated loss
Got to study for my religion test tomorrow, and now all I have to do is type my supplements tomorrow :D
has to probably be the most amazing person and only person I love 
thanks, I'm building a larger story around the effectiveness various strategies to improve SNAP public health outcomes.
sunday not tonight?
2 hrs later, we're STILL sitting on the runway.
Refueling and rerouting thru Canada.
At least AirTran finally gave an update?
Conclusion  Broad national US privacy law not likely any time soon.
Which items are you bidding on?
Stupid question, but will the tracking code be different then?
All I really want is to set up tracking subdomains...
Fantastic Four!!!!!!
Dear Rangers fan: If you're going to the game after work  sitting on the ice in the boss' seats, take off your tie you dipshit.

Yeah, it's good inspirational stuff.
I doctornk with him at bars he is so adorable when he is doctornk.
Basketball grim reaper strikes again!
Catchitos and chocolate milk  
Research and Markets: Dermatitis  Pipeline Review, H1 2012
our next show is a free show on IUPUI's campus on April 20th!
are you gonna come hang out?
:
Did you know the ladybug is Delaware's official state bug?
Cute little state, cute bugs.
maybe Jordan needs to come out of retirement, if Moyer can win at age 49...
why are you so perfect?
://instagr.am/p/IIvYXDk2P/
Palace shopping was successful with excited for our new life!
yay katherine Is going to the finals !!!:
This has been a full week and it aint over...
I'll post it ASAP.
There will be no First Steps this morning, but Kiddie Cafe is still on at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's will be at 1030!
See you then!
Who She Talking Bout?
i need sum RA gear for the may 26th block party.i gotta rep need that gear moe
Nice try
Second row, perfect view, couldnt get any better!
concert hell yeah
Dan Patrick and WGN baseball folks discussing famous Ohio U alums during Cubs broadcast.
Good stuff.
Yeah, I'm actually watching baseball.
1DFAMILY is amazing.
Happy I can help tren goodluckjohn from here in the states
Sitting in our car while it got backed into full speed ahead yesterday  back pain today.
Had my back issues under control, now not so much!
I love LA in the rain  especially when I'm watching it from my living room window.
Yay, LA Marathoners!
Attn: I'm selling my Classic HipHop Cassettes!
Stay tuned for a list...
Sour patches it is 3
Best.
Car.
Chase.
Ever.
The Graduate Camp may be attended by students of G1 level and up
IDGAF N I TLD YOU THAT WASNT ME THAT BUMPED YOU IT WAS
The trouble with tuna
Upon further reading, it appears srcset forces you to use only the equivalent of minwidth, where picture allows more flexibility.
And excellent commentary from John Warner bibliorace in that Tournament of Books discussion today.
I wish there was a mcdonalds and chopt near my work
Yes, they have since forever.
: I want to reply a lot, but I never have the chance!
Tweets from all over coming in about on  North Carolina, Nevada, Ontario, Indiana?
Are you watching?
50s week at jazz class
This shit is chess it ain't checkers
I think you're a Hipster so you would try and go with the uncool pick...
Still need a corsage  boutonniere for prom?
We have everything you needcheck us out!
thanks for following me :!
Amen to that !RT : Life is too good to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
Thanks!!!
I'm doing his work.
In many ways we all are : Will keep you in prayer as well.
Stupid kidney infection is killing me AND making me miss out on the party
Pulling off an all nighter makes me feel like I'm finally back in school mode.
I was slakin for a sec ther
rocpeepslunch having lunch somewhere today?
Well that was an interesting trip through airport security.
Wondered why I had all the tech I was carrying to PILGF.
Very funny.
Got 2 Chainz, 1 Ring.
A microwave, that don't ding.
American Idol, but I don't sing, Yo main girl on my DINGALINGGG!
I know right!
on that home stretch brotha.
Still gotta grab those tacos with you  Maybe next wk Thur?
Ha, thats what heels were made for.
:/ RT : / also Slimmer in Black.
RT : What about taller?
Who's going where in College Football?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Just saw a guy unintentionally cosplaying as Joss Wheedon
are u still singing
Just found out that a raisin is a doctored grape.
Happy Mother's Day to !
Nice job, Jay!
So much plaid.
Haha he already sent flowers
just listened to the new HS album.
sounds amazing brother!
hope you're well!
Cute travel journal
Ahh the moment I realize I left my coffee sitting on my countertop has finally arrived.
I miss you too 3
I'm stuck in QBO and would love to hear about alternatives.
Glad to see the sunshine today!!!!
Thank god that mother fucker called me.
Would have killed a dumb bitch
I went to hootsuite.
The redesigned Tweetdeck was annoying me.
RT The Cardinals are turning into the Detroit Pistons circa 1989 with LaRussa playing the role of Chuck Daly.
Live life to the fullest.
Laugh even when no one's watching.
Love like there's no tomorrow.
Don't ask,what is the point of the book?
Ask, If you really want to know if readers got the point of this book, what question would you ask?
send in the essay!
DO IT!
Give Up The Gimmicks: How Groupons And Coupons Can Damage Your Brand
What time does the fight start ?
that is classic.
I'm sharing that with my son
Last Dance for romance to night!
I need you beside me...
RIP
Ugh school....
Teleport to me 
: wait till the end.
Oh Damn!
Man now I'm nervous!!!!!!
Lol
good morning tweeps!!!
Tough one last night for the brewers...
SportsRadio
Community managers are typically young but it is important that they have the confidence to speak to the c suite
BeeZ iN ThE TraP
I wont forget
froze his ah
if cal could protect the ball and minimize the penalties they could pull this thing out...
wait, isnt that the case 4 any football game?
Thanks for the mention, fellow texan
Thanks to new followers: , , and !
awesome photos dude!
Just saw at , no missing that voice.
whoa WHOA I doctorw the line at foolie you need to watch it before I hand you a ass whoopin in sc4
why don't I talk to you?
More details about the Librotraficante event will be announced.
Stay tuned!
Communion party
Help us get to a 1000 likes!
Share our page, tell your friends, post vids!
Anyway it be it would be much appreciated!
:
With Marquette and Wisconsin playing tonight, the Bradley Center has to be empty.
I realize now how she is like the others; cold and distant.
slskey is trending in DC.
The second time an sls12 event has trended in DC today
Wondering where all the female electrical engineers are...
Im trying to eat good....fatty huh lol
ARE YOU ROLLING NOW KENNETH???
IM Hyped too!
At Johnny's and gonna get this client!
So is at Disney world...lucky
It is not unusual....when everything is beautiful.
It is just another ordinary miracle, today.
Sarah McLachlan
goodness gracious.....
i need to finish this fourth species hw and go to bed.
also Catching Fire is completely mad.
so many
Make it a U St night.
Come party with DJ Beach at Chi Cha
This is what I get for listening to doctorke all day .
Did you see the Brooklyn Nets launched their new logo/colors?
Looks like a poor man's Oakland Raiders, if that is even possible.
: fantastic time hosting Gala.
Thx to , Coach Harbaugh  everyone 4 support!
ILS  Integrated Library System, I believe.
Where can I watch the Aggies play online ?
Dear girl in this photo, FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
IT'S TIME TO TAKE OVER THE AIRWAVES AGAIN BROTHER!!!!
Intel commercials are so good!
thanks dude!
Oh Laughing Fox, you make me smile.
tomorrow will be louder no matter how many kids show up!
Welcome to Twitter !
Tell me that's not actually your uncle.
If it is, I'm insanely jealous.
Ok it's too hotgoing back in I'm already blk
I've got a very parasocial website concept I would love to share with you...
:
Same to you brother!
Traveling in Britain today.
Tate Britain has some great PreRaaphaelite paintings.
but seor griffin, the land...she gives nothing!
there's no sunlight!
dude, ur schtuff just keeps getting better.
What r u smokin to come up w/such genius lyrical musings?
thatawkwardmomentwhen takes a picture of ur boob.
Ah, that was this weekend!
Safe travels :
Gonna take me a long ass nap !
why does everyone feel the need to be loud as fuck whenever I take a nap?
Always something interesting on pinterest
Happy Spring on behalf of the Oriental Institute!
And to all those returning from break, welcome back!
true!
are u still mad at ur mom 4 that?
And aren't you wearing 3 Izods in that avi of yours?
Oh..
now that is cool!
We love all the different programs you can sign up for this Spring  Summer!
Mindblown RT : Who knew there was an acappella Deadmau5 cover?
...Gloria Alred are you out there?You could mentor an entire law school group of pissed off females!
We to win the future
Shout out to new followers
I really, really, really, really don't want to get up.
Cosign.
RT : Very ashamed of North Carolina today.
thanks for the RT!
hey fisa its ya boy gee
2 i am chatting with actor Rich Cashin  tv  stage and film star RT : what's the topic tomorrow?
same here bro!
:
Wanna wear flip flops so bad but I can't
: Are U planning on coming to our Stop the War on Women event on Tuesday from 122 on College Green?
You don't want to miss out!
ConfessionNight I blame myself for the loss tonight
If you watch it again, pay attention to what he says to Caroline before he yells at her to run away.
Where is tony Allen ???
RT : RT : RT : np your my baby and still playing even now
what up cuz
Love is the best medicine, and there is more than enough to go around once you open your heart.
i am excited to hear about your geeking out on urban roof farming
I would love to see you tomorrow, i will be on campus around 11ish, then i am free after 4
LoveBasketball and Poetic Justice  Favorite movies of all time
My sister is doing a 3mile mud run, and there's an 90's cover band called Mystery Stain.
and its all my fault...
Sorry./:
Awesome.
I had the Rwanda Cup of Excellence from Public Domain ...
last bit of my coffee stash from SCAA.
I could almost accuse you of trying too hard :
oh, they do.
Yay!!!
Just got cast in a new project, Through the eyes of the storms.
Doh!
Accidentally took my work earbuds home and then left them there.
How am I supposed to get anything done?!
Already going on here in KY!
So Instagram ignited a whole new My phone OS is better than your phone OS debate?
Greeeeaaaattt...
That was a Great Story written about C Greg Oden for Grantland on the Web!
I hope he can resume his Career somewhere.
chillin at home
...Yup!
Its another 1 of those kinda nights
I am a mets fan, I know all about saying wait till next year!
katie actually made sense for once......
Every time I watch a documentary about Nirvana it just makes me sick there's NOTHING like them for kids these days.
this dude going back to college it's a lot to explain I'm too lazy for all that
Great time at
u cant get shit if u dont want shit
Its the end of the world...
its now beginning ; RT : The lights are flickering ....
Don't do anything in life halfway: love with everything, work your ass off, and fight like hell for what u believe in or there's no point.
LETS GO HAWKS!
RT : ...with ppl passing all around you...at any time...enjoy ur life...savor the love from others...become transparent to hate
Twitter  Facebook
Yay...
Mendez presents a more conventional definion of Open Source
Don't take your independence for granted.
Helping others achieve that is the best part of my job  Jennifer Vigran CEO
Sushi time 3
What's up people.
Go Kick ass at Aussie Olympic Trials!
Have any of you used in the classroom?
What did you think?
I'm thinking of adopting it.
Being heartless causes less pain for the heart because you use it less.
Day 30: pleasure in production!
such joyful generativity!
to be so seen  heard!it is why I will
I'm so grateful for everyone who has been there for me throughout my college career
i think i've been invited but i can't see anything!!
Lost Dog Alert!
Have you seen Rock?
He has been missing from the Little Flower area for a week.
He is a 10month old MinPin....
damn...i can not believe he just did that....
I just watch u blow 2000 on rental cars in 3 weeks..u got some nerve askin me for a ride..lol bitch im in africa
Hanging out with Ben Franklin at LifeScience Alley.
Stop and get a shock at booth 215!
toomuchdoubt this isn't right and something needs to change.
life should not end over so little evidence
I hate when there is nothing on tv.
im a guy.
I have one installed.
It works on most things, but for whatever reason it doesn't block video ads.
Might try to make it work, tho
I was so freaking suprised watching theses people sky dive ...
Then when it got closer it was a big bird lol ..
I have a proposition for you.
And an idea comes with it.
Friends how many of us have them friends.
Relaxed and crazy day
what kind of sunglasses was Eddie wearing in the Vegas limo ride?
Show this Thursday at Fifty Brews!
Man my mom and my cuz like okc they got to go home
Happy new year, east coast!
Sorry for the low audio.
good to know.
thanks for the suggestion.
Finally the officials can see correctly!
Touchdown Gates!
The bs is for the birds
Mikey Adams from WEEI will be an honorary guest at a Metrowest Colonials home 2012 home game and will perform the opening coin flip.
I can barely remember the face, it's been so long since it's been seen round these parts.
Can you two just date already?
I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM MAN DEM, I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM, SUGA SUGA SUGAAA
most ppl call it a flice water instead of fly swatter haha
Getting Ready for the Arts n Soul festival here in Oakland.
I hv a booth.
Stop by folks.
Wow!
What a shot
LOL your mom makes you straighten her hair?!
Omg, that makes my whole entired life Zerran.
:'
CD jackets printing include the size and color of CD covers.
Made a male coworker blush today just by being myself.
My work here is done.
Life is a bitch and a slut...
It's easy
A great show idea..
do a miniseries based upon Snowcrash, with the CGI that is out there today that would be amazing.
Got your wish mark.
I'm a intern  Philly local.
Would love to chat tonight at foss4gna re: Philly geo and job ops!
cc/
thanks Ryan, I may take you up on that

doctorp off an Easter basket for a child in need!
would love your support!
Hope everyone enjoys the sun this weekend!
Billie  Lester....
as in Holiday  Young.
Ole duck duck goose lookin ass nigga
that's really horrible.
i'm so sorry.
at least your friend ryan got through it okay though
Me too!
I know a great spot!
No time and no partner when I have the time!
Emotional EnergyDo what u love, people u like, get a coach, mentor, quality time w special people
Just saw my cousins today at best buy, walking around in my old hood.
omg.
Could you DM him for me?
Any chance I get, I will take :D
haha thats my moms favorite show too!!!
We are seeing the movie for mother's day!
It's funny that Puma just jumped the mister Lube sign because he thinks he just got...
vCOps is righteously cool.
Thanks
Hey , reading is fundamental needs 25 million.
Spare some change?
well then get back here ;
are you booked for New Years?
Heck, wanna start with a bang, Toonami?
Let your first movie be HUGE, like Evangelion 1.11, Gurren Lagann, or maybe...Red Line?
The cool thing about homeschooling is that you can work on weekends to get ahead:
too cute...you're a poster for daughters and fatherhood
Thanks so much!!!!
What a Giants v Eagles game last night!
Kept me up late
So that's where you are.
Hey check out our FB page for updates on more screenings and theatrical roll out.
We want everyone to see it!
And they understand my baby Adam and I can't be away from eachother too long 3 Haha
Thanks!
I can make ANY phrase in ANY color/pattern!
Earie to hear that song sung for Whitney RIPWhitney Grammys just chilling
was skippin school yesterday
I Cried When I watched Never Say Never
Ru still on flyers beat?
because when your gay or anything other then straight you get treated like shit, by almost everyone.
Great Right?
holy shit, is github really down?
Looks like main domain is down, but subdomains are okay.
Gotta take time to occupy your own health, physically and emotionally, friend.
m snickers!
' funny I have the same wish list except for that last one ;.
Q : What do you wanna be when you'll grow up ?
A : Comedian/actor
Can you please stop that
Did you know that we send out passwords for FREE COVER via text?
To sign up, text ENVY to 46786!
yeh.
i'm home.
no stars tonight, eh chicago?
will miss that wisconsinsky hm!
Yes, You should!:
How can you miss something you never had,,,,,,,, why tell a lie if you owe me nothing.
look forward to seeing you at SXSW!
My dog just perked up her ears to figure out the loud sound that startled her awake.
The culprit?
My mom.
Ha!
You've been outsnored puppy.
I think the lord everyday for what I have.
Woot!!
Keep going!!!
RT : Passed the 49k mark!
I'm so close, I almost can't believe it.
Competition raises the 'barre'  Langley AdvanceNews
tomorrow night??
Epic North Shore weekend continues: found a trove of black morels while hiking!
Dining on noodles with browned butter morels and parmesan.
let me know if want me to review any of it.
I'm on the SD not SF board but I'm sure my feedback won't hurt.
have some photos from the press area from the show in Columbia Missouri at the Blue Note if you guys want them
Warning 2 all New Yorkers: if I see you rocking headtotoe Lakers gear, complete stranger or not, I will hug u in the middle of the street.
leftover pho for lunch to get me through some Community Preparedness Day wrapup and hopefully mlanet12 scheduling!
Have you legal documents served by a Registered Process Server in Sacramento, 9165090677
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY:1884's Horse Act; Treas Sec issues rules for attys  agents precursor of today's tax preparer registration.
is she here???
Is she here????
Totally WTF, but I can't say I'm surprised.
Hey chula nice to see you lastnight
omfg people are creepy, they found where nialls aunt lives.
Random.
But I really want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
StudyAbroad students!
Don't forget to call your moms and greet them a HappyMothersDay!
Work is BUSY!
Don't know about the onair thing..!
How have you been?
No!!!
You dbags!
Grand slamming dicks!
Two rare North American wolverines confirmed in Eagle Cap Wilderness.
One trapped but released unharmed near
justin hey!!how are you?i love u so much :plsssssssssssss follow me back :
Color me disappointed when i found out that the movie cabin on the woods wasnt the sequel to broke back mountain...
I just walked out of Raley's with two brown bags.
One in each hand.
Classy.
Check your bank accounts!
Visa, MasterCard warn of 'massive' security breach, may involve more than 10 million cards.
but we friends, you know i'm in a situation
4famouswords we need to talk
I'm very proud of you keep waking up the world with your music, and your welcome :
: Your Words To Me...Reveal Your Perception of Me.
doctorM fb/ your words about me ...reveal your own inner self..projection
Attend this free webinar to learn how to show the value of social media to your boss and how to implement it for your business
any successful investment seeds greater output than the seed.
Hopefully multiplicative if it provides base principles
You can only be betrayed by someone you trust, stop placing all of yourself/all that you have in people GOD wants all the glory!
Please welcome Detra20nmy to the Max life
Awesome!
My heros!
glad you like them!
Have a blast, we wish we could have been there this year!
Thank you for including us!
oopsies it was me :P
Haircuts?
DOUBLE ZERO !!!!
You're right!
The only way I'm going to pass this test is if I eat it first.
Hey: if you like metal you should give us a listen!
Thanks!
reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
for wat?
im not trying to impress u ;
and would make great adds to the tour!
all I no is you babe!
Nomore 3sums nomore just you!
I'm back no parole!
Why u didn't come to my trial!
Why u change ur !
did the budget pass?
Awh!!!
Thanks baby: but I'm about to call you then go to sleep but I like you!!!
Did you celebrate national margarita day yesterday?
Did you know you can make a margarita with beer?
lol gonna hop off go to store then doc.'s.
will return w/verdict.
lol
Sometimes in playoffs, lack of mistakes  winning.
I think that's gonna happen in mgt413caw.
Fate may rest w judges 24 though.
I have 76.
i like that name;!
My names is jeanay but i dont like it :/
Through a strange quirk of fate, I will actually be attending GoogleIO this year!
heading to Atlantic City for the week !!!!!!
how did u get jb to follow u
Trying to find a salesperson in Louisville any ideas
Life isn't about the score, it's about the players.
It's never too late  remember that with time  love conquers  heals all.
Amen?
My Friday thought ...Sugar in the morning, Sugar in the evening.
Sugar just makes me smile, but make sure you don't over do it!
40 dudes, a bus full of beer and a rugby tourney in St Louis...sounds like the perfect weekend to me!
Brodeur is amazing.
Mexicans do love swimming.
haha
Well, this day is off to a great start...
Sounds like something my husband does.
:
that was creepy.
did not like it.
could not remember which piece of elementary school disaster training i was supposed to follow.
just planned a bunch of great events!
can't wait to doctornk beer with ya'll.
Working on a film being shot with the Sony F65, the team is inventing the workflow as they go, so amazing!
wat time does on snl come on?
Whoa, I have a rotisserie new in the box!
The presents I find when packing to move are wonderful!
Everyone's middle name should start with the same last two letters of their first name.
e.g.
Marco Colin.
Matthew Ewing.
Erik Ikea.
You should have prefaced your question with When you were Speaker you aggressively went after Pres.
Clinton
Thank you and u as well my friend.
;  
2 Songs!
New Layout!
Preorders!
All of this comes out Friday!
Tell everyone!
well they better call for full 200 lap not halfway
Cute boy bands by day, hot rappers by night.
Woohoo!
On my way for basketball, damn it's been a long while!
Gonna play to my heart's content today!!
Hope the weather's gonna be good!
:D
I could have easily spun that into a dirty joke, but I'm just going to say thank you, like a lady....
;
whoa that's a tech foul on u Jamele.
Happy Friday!
Let's make it a safe daydon't forget to arm your system before you leave home.
Who saw that doctorw Peterson movie, he killed his xwife and his wife
Had the brilliant idea that taking a back road instead of hwy would be quicker.
I think I might be a real blonde.
My dog has been barking all morning omFG STOP
Go USA USWNT vs France in Germany!
REALTORS: If you could have either a kickass blog doctorving lead traffic OR paid Zillow leads, which would you prefer?
It was great getting the chance to work with you.
I hope to get another chance to do so in the future.
PDF to Word conversions; spreadsheet editing and formatting; editing and animation of slide presentations.
I got u slim, im bout to email it to u...
you are awesome!
I wouldn't sell today.
I still have several goals to accomplish.
yeah my teacher was annoying .
he gave me a detention for talking and I never even spoke in that class

any case law you can point 2 4 making a business case in favor of open access?
need to free conference proceedings
Purdue's D2C2: Solutions to curation issues from organizing to facilitating access to research data in complex environments
Oh its on!!!
Latin Night!!!
I finally joined the cult of NARS Cosmetics Orgasm Blush.
It is pretty awesome.
What's your goto beauty product?
that's cool :
That is some good typeface history, Did you watch that vimeo video.
It was cool but I am not sure if I understood it.
this whole where words come from conversation fascinates me :
Makes more sense now.
Hang in there.
Harry likes cats.
Just in case you forgot.
Funny, weird or funny, haha?
Funny, haha:
Thanks for the RT.
Happy to see you on Pinterest!
;
who's your favorite singer?
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
The blog poem I just wrote has elements of your little three word poem.
I'm not right now  moved from Boston and need to set up a new box when in settled in California!
What are the odds that in 2.5 weeks, we'd see a 6 overtime game in basketball and a 7 overtime game in lacrosse?
Kim Delaney discusses disastrous Liberty Medal speech Kim Delaney calls her shambolic appearance just the end of a bad week.
I'd love that, but I'm not entirely sure when I'll be able to get out from Boston
Problem Child
Steve from SATC was on LawAndOrderSVU tonight.
yea men its a diff game then the out door game.
Everybody can't play in this leauge.
But w most next game
Lost opportunity: In Mizzou's main bookstore.
They're selling no merchandise related to the new uniforms.
Todays episode is about sneakers??.
well Hollande won the first round, pas de surprise.
beautiful new images!
: I think I'm going to be deaf after this weekend with our new speakers earplugs lol
I should've kissed you one last last time.
THIS!
RT : There will be two more smokin hot ladies at concert in June.
Get ready Chicago, is coming back!
The only stable thing in our world is change.
too far!
I'll just give into walking and taking the stairs and picking things up by myself., shit I got winded just writing that
if everybody had an ocean across the USA, the continent would make no sense.
c'mon beach boys, let's be practical here.
why are u surprised about that ?
hey!
I'll be in ny in June : just booked the bitter end
indeed, ideas are the least perfect of all things.
okay noted
Gallinari looks retarded
.
is crashing our awards ceremony and giving out their own prize.
It's cool, though.
Check their feed for details.
That AWFUL moment when you're scrape has healed and now it itches like crazy.
It's st Patrick's Day...
Where doctornk at lol
There.
I have an icon now.
Truly ready for launch.
Doc Rivers on KG: He's making it so hard when he's off the floor.
You're in a panic, right now.
That's an area we have to improve.
I'm afraid come April I'll be leaving town for a lot longer than that.
: /
Why is UNLV favored over the powerhouse San Diego Aztecs?
Who knows?
We live here and all we can say is we are pounding San Diego!!
Same arguments every game Lakers or Heat play.
Michael Jordan was great.
Kobe is great.
Lebron is great.
Why not let them all be great?!
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
she already performed with celine dion
Who wants to go see The Cranberries may 16th
Uh oh.
nobueno what's the scoop ?
RT : Audio issues galore today.
THINK LIKE A MAN took the TOP SPOT at the box office this weekend..taking in 33 million  Congrats Steve H.
bro its too early for this lmao
Daddy  I just got back from running some errands.
Ye I have green hair, an fucking wa?
I do i do
Both feet in bounds woohoo!
do u have a  I can hit u up 
Be sure to let us know what we can do for you when you actually are looking for your newdigs.
Staying in the ROC?
that line in piano man about wearing a younger man's clothes?
i know there's a deeper meaning but still weird man
reemerge?
I never went anywhere.
question: how can we create faceout shelving for our ebooks?
Blaine, and his BROTHER on Glee singing Somebody That I Used To Know???
BEST episode ever.
NO!
POLITICS!
AT!
THE!
BAR!
Lol.
I just listened to it today for the first time; hot!!
I love seeing little boys in relationships just days after they were trying to get with you..
Friday can't get here fast enough!
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO on Friday!
I'll Be spinning beats  free doctornks 1112!...
I miss walking through Sherman Park
Looking for ONE player to trade both Carlos Zambrano and Jake Westbrook for.
Preferably a batter.
with good RBI numbers.
Lots of lightening outside my window...looks like a big storm is on the way!
There are some people you can never really get over them 100..
Jealously is always born with love but it does not die with it.
I can't STOP talking about my experience at Distrito in Philly.
One of the BEST restaurants EVER.
I'm telling everyone I know!
Apparently you're supposed to only cut brownies with a plastic or nonstick knife or they crumble.
D'oh!
do.it.
no thank you!
I'm not sure?
worth it?
Crazy talk.
You will be famous someday, I guarantee it :
can some one send me a picture of justin in philippines?
You smell wore than the fat kid in gym class
Things Neva go rite nowadays smh
lets do it up bruins
Super bowl Sunday!
lets get it : 
Great having World Champion Kick boxer  momma in the house today!
They are busy, but still make time!
i could say something about that
Oct 15th at The Cage Stage in Copley Ohio RT : when and wheres the next show??
feel free to follow I haven't really launched it yet  don't know what exactly it is  but check it out.
YES!
just bought a pair yesterday at
A4 I first hopped in with sschat  they were amazing abt welcoming me  responding.
It's all about engagement
the Knicks need to get phil Jackson next year
Latin Gold Thursdays!
QBar in Hotel Albuquerque!
Rio Grande  Mountain!
Salsa y mas...
9pm130am
aye go head, lmaoooo
I'm not afraid to take a stand, everybody take my hand, we walk this road together through the storm, whatever weather, cold or warm.
If I'm not cursing IE once a week, something is going too well for comfort!
lol
crazy!!!
Loll
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundoctord per cent to your day, success will find you.
Russell L.
Mason
And then that just happened!
Can you blame anyone?
Get a beer, walk around the park  get home early!
:
RT: Missing person report: HAS DISAPPEARED.
HELP
congrats girl!!
LADIES FREE BEFORE 12PM!!!
COME OUT A JOIN ME AND HAVE A AWESOME GLAMAZING TIME!!!!
SEE YOU THERE!
YouTube users!
The songs currently up on Facebook are now available on YouTube for you to listen to.
YouTube.com/doctorwOneCard RT RT RT
almost lunchtime yummy
he's not the sharpest needle that's for sure...
you need to follow me on instagram lol
Please take responsibility for the energy you bring into this space.
The CBS Story on the Robles Brothers will air TONIGHT at 11p on KFMB8!
Tune in after the Charger Game!
I hope we find gold when we start digging.
Lord knows how it's being paid for!
Kicking off our last teacher workshop for the spring!
Let's reflect on the impact of mission based learning.
hahaa embrace your inner goon
April 3, 1942: Fdoctortold Churchill that both their peoples demanded a second front to take pressure of the Russians.
Day 2 of doctorpalcampmd room for more.
doctorpal lunch supplied by
Just like closed books dont get read....
Yall no tha rest.
dessert truck along with Cajun Creole truck may be heading ur way!
La Dolce Vita A
High School in few weeks !
Lmfaaaoooo , followers ?
I heard a larger jet, and saw one F15.
I couldn't tell if I heard a second fighter jet or if I was hearing an echo.
I saw what you did there; you're just trying to trip me up.
We're back live at the final hearing of the defendingchildhood task force in Detroit.
Thanks all!
RT : RT : RT : Happy Birthday !
VINNY WHERE ARE YOU
i honestly just rofl'd in the middle of my class
Thanks for empathizing.
Time to learn the balancing act!
Harry Potter :
Happy Birthday!!
You and I were born in the same year.
I'll turn 36 on October 13th!
she misses her aunty I'm sure!!
Mexican mother's day, American mother's day; I show my momma love all de time.
ALL DEE TIME.
Shit I have her tattooed on me.
Shut the hell up ppl!
lmaoooo I will kill you!
congrats jazz :
Wait whats Alex and Sarah's couple name?
Your Welcome Sir!
: RT : Thank you for following The Zen of Writing!
there was a hobo cat lady in the beach whispering to cats in the bushes and she looked like the evil gardener from scooby doo ..
I woke out today for 45 minutes.
Cardio!
My heart kept beating.
web team: currently working on the bridge of hope ministry web site.
CSS Jacksonville, FL is looking for a Lock Box Coordinator/Payment Processor 12hr, temp to hire
If they had a hunger games competition for the director to do the sequel, who would win?
I'm thinking Oliver stone cuz he was in the army
oh wow
I forgot to tweet this but happy birthday to my little brother :
I'm a designer out here.
Shoot :
i'm trying to warn the neighbors about tomorrow's party and they aren't answering the door.
answer you FUCKS.
i want no police interruption

I'd rather be in a relationship that's crazy, unpredictable  not exactly perfect because that way we'll never get bored.
doesn't it?
Me too.
I hope they do.
i didn't want to inquire about Dale's special hand, uh, endowment.
Is there a weather service website out there that ISN'T a bombardment of popups and mortgage ads?
I'm trying to get my boys sold on that.
They do it in spurts but that consistency is not there yet.
Today special TACO something to do on Tuesday 'n
The service we render others is really the rent we pay for our room on Earth.
RT : One of the reasons I tend to let my beard grow in is that going after my facial hair is like trying to shave Brundlefly.
is feeling the urge to travel and give readings.
any suggestions on where to take this book tour?
Is imitation flattery or validation?
Both?
Interesting discussion of standoff markup, allows for overlapping and contradictory tags.
Used in CATMA
Thank you
your really sexy I will give my left nut to hook up wit u for a NIGHT!
YOU GOT OOVOO
lovely image in the Newspace BW exhibit.
Guys follow if you are mahomies and always support Austin whatever he do;
Yet I hear this kid is having a big game.
I have Say Somethin by stuck in my head because its such a great song: Great Job Austin3
hahaha..yes it's very educational 
RT 2 other book suggestions: Silver Sparrow by Tayari Jones and 32 Candles by Ernessa T.
Carter
YourSexIsWEAK if the neighbors dont complain
Any UFC fans out there?
Watch Valaquez VS Dos Santos while enjoying Amber's extended Happy Hour this Saturday Nov.12th from 6PM10PM 21
tip taken down mentally and noted on exit n entry door.
Haha
Spring speech contest last night at my Toastmasters club.
Such great stories!
It's a powerful thing to be part of such a great group.
Yay!
It's Thursday.
More daily Govt lies: Obamacare won't cause rationing, will not increase costs, Holder not racist, US supports Israel, Pres has debt plan.
She was great as a war correspondent.
Too bad.
Done.
You can either take a vacation or be the mayor of Corner House.
You pick.
We're coming closer to narrowing down on a theme for the 2012 spring lecture series.
Any thoughts?
Or speaker suggestions?
I defiantly need a new job something a lil less physically demanding.
oh well I'm sorry.
It's just disagreements with my mama and I.
GRAMMYGlam really cool site for Grammys fashion meets music.
Megan Fox is pregnant.
There go my fantasies.
: And more importantly, love people for WHO they are.
nohate nojudgement nocondemnation salutes the roman empire
Cant figure out how to upload pictures on the tweetphoto thing.
HELP!
Picture law students who want everything to have right  wrong answers.
:
New Hallmark Signature Collection A Distinctive Experience
The ladies and men in Aurora at Catholic Charities  now Salvation Army  fight hunger every day with compassion and strength.
Show love.
Got some nice new strings on my classical guitar ready to rehearse with the Hendersonville Oasis Worship group tomorrow.
Guess who is the newest 2012 season ticket holder!!!
This guy that's who!!!
I want to be with my friends.
I want to be with you.
I want us sitting outside listening to music and laughing.
I don't want to worry.
so excited!
Looking forward to working on some projects with you
NRAShow come see the Bottoms Up Beer Dispenser at the Beer Tubes Booth 548  the AnheuserBusch Booth
Its terrible when im awake late at night and the person I was talking to falls asleep on me.
Good evening ladies!
Once in a while or every morning just send your girl a good morning text message.
It's the thought that counts the most!
Good Morning Vegans This morning I am making a banana Caramel just for you M Delicious
thanks so much for the follow!
If you are ever in the market for a new mattress you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
Frank McNulty to LPR2011  reducing spending is the right thing to do in
Rolling Stone and TMZ confirm that Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys has passed away due to cancer.
He was 47.
golden retrievers.
interesting.
: Manchester: Want to bring a TV station and/or radio station into the UT's headquarters.
WATCH IT NOWWW!
where r u that u cant see it!
its ssoooo god so far.
he's so fucking sexy
Mandalas created by the patients of Carl Jung, psychiatrist.
Sleep is my doctorg, my bed is the dealer, and my alarm clock is the police.
i watched the whole thing of america best dance crew season 6 on tr3s
Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults.
Yeah, I definitely need to get new shoes this weekend...
As soon as I take them off, my shin stops hurting when I walk...
Yes, quite the picture...
I now officially have the worse nickname ever omg
I realize it's holiday so I'll be having another one!
When are you leaving town again?
alright i will do that lol i got a couple in mind:P
is your site getting so much traffic that it's down?
It'snot coming up at all
Either someone got me for my can of fruit cocktail or I'm loosing my mind.
Let me find out that somebody has been on my desk...
I'm sorry to hear that!
Be well.
aww...that's the best!
Bundle up Friday am in immediate area, bitter cold to pack a bite.
Expect warmer 20's  30's by weekend.
sure there is.
1.
Theyre online.
And 2.
Your credit score goes up when they're paid off just saaaayyying.
oh jeeze i just want my boy to be home.
not till midnight poo.
thas what i thought....gonna be tough to get into that.
we'll see.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Midnight in Parisscreenplay by Woody Allen
Now that I have an iPad, I do, too.
Hi tweet me.
Not ruined.
Made awesome.
Goal 1: get to work on time.
Check.
Goal 2: no coffee.
Fail.
When things aren't going my way, I just read 's tweets  imagine we're friends.
i blame heath ledger
I'm allergic to the, FAKE!
:
just the fact that u are sending one up for me is good enough.
Courtside Shots: Lil Wayne, doctorke, Nicki Minaj, Chris Brown and More at the 2012 NBA AllStar Game
About 4 tables due west.
I can see from here.
Full disclosure: we're a bit rowdy already

u know this man!
Beach was beast look like a tomato :o sunburn /:
Yep.
Love that resource.
Olin Miller You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
wow..probably shouldn't laugh, but I am
Np  Mama Africa
We!
You can send it to the bar.
2332 2nd Ave Seattle WA 98121.
Thanks and anytime!
I 3 nice people!
ill take hair and anal leakage.
does that mean my wife would be Bigfoot?
Water circulates through human body, transporting, dissolving, replenishing nutrients and organic matter,while carrying away waste material.
Mm , all cozy in bed while my Bestfriends are at school  Lol c: I miss you guys be there tomorrow :
I wish I didn't have to wait so long to get my tattoo.
I'll be doctoraming about it every night until I get it!
whats the name of the app
singing through the live version of the set in my head because I know where most of the explosions/flames are haha
I hate anxiety.
It totally mess up my day!
Anyone know of any home remedies?
The googles led me straight to the apple store today to people watch all the wannabe iphone 4g owners.
The concert was real dope33 was awesome!
wyd sorry is Late .
3 more days until the greatest summer of all time!
Thank you for your insights tonight on
Please let me know if you decide to!
I need me some Walffes right now!:
SocialMedia101 tomorrow 8:30am, come get helpful tips from  DM us for more info!
that's ur opinion but most women side with Amne and not the liberal elites
same old.
Give ANY other team our possession and shots and they win all the time.
This springs collapse will take us down to 6th
The boys and girls in the clique, the awful names that they stick.
You're never gonna fit in much, kid.
No problem..I have a short story series too..I'm going to check yours out.
Would love it if...
yes, but you want to be known as a thought leader, so just being online can make it or break it
My parents got coldplay tickets without me..
So much for favorite daughter whatisthismadness 
Food for thought,
Thanks for the RT!
aw thanks!
I am sad though, tickets were gone right at 10am :
Which teams will make it to Super Bowl XLVI??
Now performing at the Governor's Arts Awards: Euclid Quartet, Indiana University South Bend.
ok cool, got a Esperanza Spalding show to attend on the 2nd of may
not at ALL embarrassed to love NCIS marathons on USA.
Really.
Not at all.
True FACT.
Portland Meadows will match earnings that Taylor Jones accrues to 10,000 to the Bald Faced Truth Foundation which helps local youth.
Heey I saw on the news the other day that there was some acsidant or something on Thailand.Were you near?
Im Standing Up to end poverty today with Pls RT and join me.
Way to keep on fighting Bruins that's the team I know and love!
Silly woman...
Men arent as dumb as u think.
U just showed me that women are worst than men when it comes to relationships
Sweet number 9...
RT If you have a podcast, radio show or webinar, would you kindly consider captainoning it for deaf and hard of hearing folks?
Ticketmaster Convenience charges suck more than bad Amazon recommendations
Good morning VOLS!
There's a bright orange sunrise in Knoxville today.
It is, eh?
From , unreal: Jamie Moyer pitched more than 500 innings before today's opponent  Madison Bumgarner  was born in 1989.
Sometimes the most comforting thing is hearing someone's stoner giggle that you miss dearly from far away  another time in life.
It was not me, but I several doppelgngers.
Good morning!
See you in about an hour at the 1st game of the day.
MorseMarshall vs MSL  10:30 a.m.
lol what he yapping about
Hey ladies!
When's our next outing?
:
follow me so i can DM you :
Waiting on returns from LoCo precincts that aren't certifiably insane.
and a hangover and lack of cigarettes and nerves about weird friendship crap.Actually, the coke isn't sounding like a bad idea at this point
Jelena broke up??
Reason 5: indiana ranks 3rd in the U.S., behind MA and NJ, in its quotient of skilled life sciences workers.
Katten's Glen Donath on Edwards indictment: Surprising  distressing that gov't has brought charges, considering it's novel theory on case
Djing at the saint tonight!
We can now claim to have passed through the correlationist circle.
hahah, thank goodness it's not.
Falling asleep.
Can't.Keep.My.Eyes.Open.
why its not like you can dance or anything lol jkjk
fantastic.
I'm there from 2/12/15 and Vegas 12th and 13th.
Are you shooting something out there?
Why are all the shows I watch now so CRAZY  doctorMATIC??
What's up with the Philadelphia school closings?
Fire is within two miles of lowlevel radioactive waste barrels that LANL assembled for transport to WIPP.
Almost Done packing,, I hope i have everything ,Or else tomorrow morning will be a nightmare finding what I have to bring!
Not having a fantastic technology day.
Who needs computers and phones anyways?
why thank you:
wooohooo!
can't wait, ma'am :
Im so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution!
GCP emotobooks rock.
Theyre a new group, but growing.
Awesome!
Can we just take Kris and Danny and Lucy and whoever else and move to Seattle, por favor?
That sounds like awesomesauce atm.
: Reading on this couch all day is what i have done...
wow.
My tweet was in reference to this haha
u look amazing :
hope it went well.
Still uptown.
Mb Sunday?
hey cuz what u did loser
haha troll toll?
Is there a reason MKG is not playing?
Your role in Facebook millions: you get to watch Mark Zuckerberg spend it.
u know what they say..
Bummer Frontier is cutting MKE Flight to NYC.
let's start with how that brag wasn't even trying to be humble, shall we?
:
I use search.creativecommons.org almost every day, at work and home.
Thank you for such a great tool.
Current project underscores the importance of ACTUALLY GOING THERE when conceiving/reporting/producing a map.
Clyde Christiansen was there representing the Colts, nothing to worry about
Or stealing from them.
I almost got in to a fight with this girl thats spreading shit about my friend and I  i was about to knock her out she was lucky
you around Chicago to look at apartments  are you currently searching?
have fun shadowing
I'm just gone cut u off ..point
Dance For You by Bey is one of the rawest songs.
Ladies, take notes on how to keep a nigga happy.
I want a haircut
Thanks Bonnie!
im' studying for finals already?
why can't the number of hot dog buns/ hot dogs ever be multiples of each other instead of off by one?
Rough MillerParkOpener for the crew.
Best thing about baseball is we get another chance to beat the Cards tomorrow!
Go Brewers!
I didn't know you could feel this happy so fast!
It hasn't even been a week!!
right on !
Sorry Dani, but ROFLMFFAO.
DAMN I wish I had a big ol' salty margarita right now!
:
Of course you're confused.
That's what I mean.
You wander around as if you're at some concert all the time.
I think knowing all of the lyrics to you and me is finally going to pay off this year
Just curious: Is anyone using their anthropology degree to teach social studies?
High praise.
is Alicia better than you?
I'm actally looking forward to this school year seniors20fucking12bitches :
Traffic traffic lookin for my chapstick
This movie Tamara is ridiculous.
LOL
haha I miss u
Party in the studio tonight!
MixNationwide Mix933 8006578059 is the number.
Feel free to blow it up
I'm planning to watch a shuttle launch on TV on the 29th.
There is something else happening that day?
; Good Luck.
One has to face fear or forever run from it
Whats your favorite doctornk???
Black ass women, i am scared of them!!
lol
Main event reminded me of GSP/Shields.
Not good for the sport.
Anyone else remember when the Orange Bowl halftime was billed as the greatest halftime show in football or some such moniker?
Andoctor Miller's hair 
Here's what I don't understand: if I'm never home, how does my apartment get to be such a mess?
If isn't just a joke then why am i dead
SlaughterHouse is the truth....
Oh I love you to 
I swear when I see your Bitchass we gon throw some heads ..real shit
if you've got time come by BPL  check out the new map center, etc., digital stuff, etc.
GO FOLLOW
RT : I want wine and OE's
New logo is coming out nicely.
Can't wait to unveil it
Is that a real argument or just actors rehearsing?
I really cant stop thinking about you!
saw yall rock the fuck out of STL a couple weeks back...loved the 10 minute guitar solo
i want some shrimp for dinner .
Looking forward to the GPPCMA meeting tomorrow!
Who else will be there?
The more things you do, the more you can do.
Lucille Ball
I'll be rocking a suit as well.
doctor A hasn't askd me to call him Ted yet so I probably can't get away with much :p
I feel like there is a hole in my life for missing that!
Happy NY!
good luck to tpedge pro who is 25/500 in the TCOOP Main Event and recording from the first minute for TPE
Finishing loading the truck.
Looking forward to seeing our friends in Grand Rapids for the Michigan Music Conference.
Time to get back ontop of UK martial arts scene!
Bring on every tournament!
Any rules!
I am on my way back to the top!
You can get gift cards and stuff like that
all the buffets in dc are pay by the pound, not all you can eat.
i feel like I haven't seen you with the guys in ages :/
That whole I text you first you text me first middle school junk gets in my damn nerves like does it really matter just talk to eachother!!
Yo those ain't no damn mashed potatoes
Awesome spring break with and my crazy bud !!!
MVC3 looking great i cant wait
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  333
Watching nicolascage in doctorveangry and it is really violent
moving a little slow today
Morehouse professorssor doctorLutenbacher was such and awesome and honest subject for a film.
We have 4 left but they are going fast!
good hood morning the papers
Counter negativity with a positive influence!
Ask me about my Music Connection business as well as my house concert series would love to tell you more.
Learn about career opportunities in int'l relief  development  the International Rescue Committee info session today, 4:305:30, MGC 200
My mom lectures so much.
Hello :D
My take is that Shannon was an impish fellow who knew just what he was doing in appropriating the term  a catachresis
SHE A FAMOUS SINGER / HAD THE HIT SONG SHE WORK HARD FOR THE MONEY
Today feel like Saturday
it was a long time coming.
Maybe a few more until I'm satisfied :
: Congratulations mama!!!
Thank you!!
;D
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi
man so tired but i dont feel like movin
where u going?
I'm flying too 
hahahaha o I'm peeta I could hold heavy things!
hahahaha random!
Stomach still feels a bit weird, but no puking today.
Phew.
is honored to b a guest speaker on two business calls tonight!
Another big night at mercadito with ChiIL Productions!
Afterparty at Board Room ChiIL Productions at the door!
twitter was over capacity at 8 something 
ohh hahah noo: since its a TT i said we go together3 buut like noo were not together:b I WISH;
Hello?
There will be no bullshit today.
Goodbye.
Good morning, I'm just waking up.
Wow.
What a night .
Now reality sets in.
Omg!
Did I do anything last night I might regret?
Lol he he he
Yeah..Its really very Delicious!
No whammies!
From her cowboy boots to her down home roots...
I'd like to see a professorle or at least one tweet before I follow you.
Thanks!
:
A little early but some very cool things are happening with Distortion.
Time for people to see it.
i miss your euphemisms.
thingsthataresexy TATTOOS Yummy
I really feel like the best part of walking my neighbor's dogs is that they don't have to come home with me LOL No hair!!
Stop sending this to me
I can't wait to feed you punk.
RT : Congrats to my bro : now we gota spark up since were both getting money
Is that a pretty big crowd usually?
I want to know why they spend enormous amounts with big agencies staffed by those same shiny youths.
Just getting started!
RT Laura Breeden says we want to understand continuum of broadband subscribership.
would looooooovvvveeeeeeee to come to your show.
;
In just 20 mins I can either study or play diablo 3..
O such a big decision.
Haha not.
Thats Just Trey
That was so nice of you to say!
Seriously.
Chandler Rd.
in Hermitage temporarily closed both ways due to a wreck in front of Dodson Elementary.
get out of here.
If I did get you one I'd make it teammongoloid official with a bunch of muscle milks in it
I absolutely love days like today
Awesome!
We're finishing up our entrees now.
Will be closer to 9:30.
I'm just glad that their initial installation of TVs moved AC to do the same.
I'm watching from Lawrence, KS.
Go Hawks!
Thanks out to Joel and Max  Nevada Bob's.
Love the new RBZ irons and fitting
I need a Closing coordinator ASAP.
If you know someone please let me know 7864867233
Unleash the fury!!
Link me, I wanna see this shit go down.
xD
Log on to face book, sees pictures of babies and miller park.
Instantly want to gouge my eyes out.
ENOUGH!!!
Back in the day when I stayed in on a Saturday night the Tequila industry would suffer mass lay offs.
Cinnamon Life will forever be in my heart.
Going strong since the 90's.
plz shout out so i can have more more followers
On then off
Im good taking care of my family and writing
Love the bad breath burger!
Hope u did 2 I suggest a visit to Marigold Kitchen for breakfast before the farmer's market Sat
Happy holidays to all our friends and family!
I just bust this bitch  it got bigger
What's the best product to stream movies from my computer to my tv?
Dawson's Creek is much more powerful on the 46 screen.
Very cool that I can say I have marched with, taught or taught with, 19 of 32 members of PrideofCincinnati12 I hope that made sense.
Unionorganizing flick Norma Rae being continually rented and reserved at Madison's Bongo Video.
Other union titles also hot.
biggest threat to the world are humans who watch the Kardashians.
Do the days seems to fly by?
Does time seem to pass more quickly?
it is.
Our Milky Way is speeding up.
dark matter dark energy
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!!!
please follow me?
You are a big inspiration to me!
Thanks!
Ti Amo !
3
If someone gives you a shot please don't sip it...
Seek advice from the experts.
Find a coach or a mentor.
no worries!
glad to hear it :
New SWORD Y U NO RAISE
STOP PRESSURING ME!
I am not Speaker anymore
You put up a hell of a fight Jeff!
Max, vic is a fear indicator
RT Well....content AND conversion!
; cbrally...
That's the hard part...
Welded a moving sculpture today...a butterfly that flaps it's wings in the breeze!
Thank god!
lays out roadmap for why TV's New GirlFAIL.
Caricature doesn't work on TVduh.
We live in a postThe Wire world.
what do you mean?!
like im getting there probably around 5 since doors open at 6!:
I am!
Mcongerokc
And follow !
I love how i ask to go eat, and mom tells me to get ready, and we dont even go eat.
Yeah im not hungry or anything.
Rangers up 1 point in the 3rd quarter!
Hopefully this doesn't have to go to penalty kicks.
MAHONE MADNESS :D
move here with me do we can have sex
that is quite the new patient gift !
i think i should go someplace for vac without my bf.
'cause my ass fucking hurts
Let's go Mets, let's go Rangers!
So Happy for you Friends!!
The Lord Provided and this Project is going to be Amazing!!
Can't wait :
thanks for the follow!
Glad u were able to come by.
Why is it called AVI anyway?
I always thought it was called Twitcon.
Dear Hollister..
Why do my shorts have to be short short SHORT at work?!
My legs aren't that sexy..
New submission are in, go to youtube.com/thegreataudition and vote
I wanna go home and play Minecraft :
This is how it always ends.
I just want love...
That's all I want!
I am a new twitter Follow me follow And back; Please everyone
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
im on this train wit a select few DETSINATION:GREATNESS!
good morning Madison!
Hope you have a wonderful day!
3
Leave it to ovi to still try and score while he's down on his ass.
Thank you for following me.
Much appreciated:
If your a fan of the Talk Your Shit video can you please take the time to reshare it on your page!
Thanks for the love and support!
Tayo 3
Mousepads for Commercial lenders are available!
It's a limited time and seeing how they ran during christmas I would order soon by message!
Thanks for bringing in !
Hope you both have a great weekend
This bike is going to be out of here ASAP.
true.
:/ that was pretty hard for you to break up with him.
depends on which one LOL
So won like I said he was.
:
so what am i doing here
And I lie if I don't feel so right, but the world looks better through your eyes.
I't d be nice to see this running game continue
Say yes and show up.
The feeling is mutual!
I'm looking forward to more visits!
Just did a good deed!
: lol
and he is terrible.
Austin marry me already.
he is so freaking cute.
Asdfghjkl
I'm Not Ashamed of what CHRIST has done in MY Life!
I confess my SINS.
GOD gives ME and YOU eternal LIFE not man.
Seek Christ my Friends.
Thanks for the follow.
What do you call a mailman's car?
There's policecars and firetrucks...but what do mailmen doctorve??:o
Be beautiful AND help kids in our community Visit Planet Beauty and support Kids' Potential  CASA!
There is nothing worse than pouring a bowl of cereal, then finding out that you are out of milk.
Don't ever fking bully anyone.
And just so you know, karma has everybody's addoctorss and a mother fking stamp.
Lady Gaga
I usually have Spotted Cow.
I had a few at Studio Lounge in Bay View on Thursday night.
Deep doubts, deep wisdom; small doubts, little wisdom.Chinese Proverb
give me a saturday night my baby by my side, a little hank jr.
and a six pack or light 3
u need to sit down sum where
The new St Vincent album is really great.
Even when it's not working 100 it's super unique and interesting, great work
So far Spring break is boring.
ayy i need some mo shirts 300 the movement
No!
I don't know what is happening!
And that's why you work on a campaign!
RT : Turf cutting makes me happy.
Enjoying my favorite BBQ in the patio at
Linus' blanket.
Damn.
Are there any issues with beanstalk this afternoon?
Getting strange check in errors.
SO much going on this week.
I hope I can keep up!
U Inspire us.
You inspire me
Morning HTown.....Damn I'm ready for football
Yeup, imlate.
Im supposed to be at the certain place by 7:33.
This is so irritating.
900!!!!
Thanks for all of you out there helping us grow our page!
Almost 1K!!
Welcome to the team Daisy Baustista and Jacob King!
haha don't know.
showed 'damaged' for a while, then hear from joe it's torched.
it was an AC20, but joe's remaking it a deluxe
how about Omimgwtt
Definition of Gay is not 3 shirtless basketball players.
The definition of gay is sleeveless shiny silver shirt yesterday.
Oh heck yes.
Dina needs some Suavamente and Brazilian doctornks!
I hear that guys a dick :0
You know calculus?
Ah, I knew you would catch me on that, your mother will teach you calculus...
Uh...
I think you are just having bad scrapple.
There are good and bad kinds, you know!
what a great question!
Let me know when you get the answer.
thanks for the shout out!
great article on Dealing w Officials.
Thank u for the insight!
Haha yes sir!
See you soon!
:
teamfollowback I need 10 more followers!!
help?
I'll do anything :
that's what we like to hear!
Thank you!
If you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all.
That's why I have tweeted in like....FOREVER.
I'm a total
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
Just met with pal at the MKE shindig.
Seeing 1st song of , then back to work.
WITH OR TO..I FUCKING FOR GOT THE SONG IS SO OLD.
JESUS
RT music at school/// If you're bored you need to learn something new.
Keep press in into music and see where it takes you
Make sure to eat some brunch before you watch your sporting event of choice today!
Bob Lenz paraphrases Erin Brockovitch's Bayview speech, on the road to college success: Persistence  determination are omnipotent
it's delish!
Make the trip out here one day and we can go!
:
Assuming we can find some containers to store and sell out of, we're definitely going to have iced coffee and tea this weekend.
Imagine Liam hugging you tightly from behind and whispering:You mean the world to me.
I love you.'' Kisses your cheek
bare foot weirdos
i got 85 of it done...still have the last 3rd of the script to work on this week.
Already in bed..chilling to this Taylor Allderdice..good so far!
No fair!
The Pulitzer for fiction should have totally gone to The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs.
Im such a loner
1st yes, 1st smile, 1st against or final farewell  can be just as courageous as 1st up the hill.
Bob Barr has a mustache, but he's the only one I can think of.
I can't keep a straight face when someone tweets about penguins...
I would love to!
Small update to the portal pushed out today: API page, more information on job status and system status
Happy Birthday my love.
I hope you had a great week.
Be safe tonight.
Next year...
Vegas???
O
whaaaaaa!?
What happened to next Thursday!?
Oh Yeah!!
God asks no man whether he'll accept life.
That is not the selection.
You need to take it.
The lone question is how.
I hate being woke up when I still have 5 min to sleep on my alarm!
Damn you delicious Girl Scout cookies!
So after whats happened to me, the interview and all, I hope that in the new year you get what you want, what you really want 
May the peace be with you!....I mean hi!
Turn around and meet someone new.
Just like in church!
wcmia
Grandpa's looking FADED
Low Battery, connect charger!
Um, you're a smart phone, connect yourself.
Stay safe in the snow!
That was the most annoying noise I've ever heard.
It didn't even sound like you were eating, just like a clicking noise.
You'll need a concealer palette.
Not sure if it's water proof, but you can use Final Seal to hold it.
He is so cute!
I love it!
I feel like he was really sharing some big information...
Hey friends!
We are brainstorming for new products...
Would anyone be interested in handcrafted headbands?
I think i succeeded in finding Frederick Douglass' tax records this morning.
whoop whoop.
your parents ARE funny  you just don't get the joke yet.
:
There are consequences you may be faced to live with for the rest of your life.
There are nonbelievers around you at all times.
100 original tees  hoodies for 100 fans.
Devoid of posers  artificial ingredients since 1993.
doctorvn Apparel.
Try a Chocolate Almond croissantall butter croissant filled with imported chocolate  almond paste!!
done I LOVE Derek!!!!
All day, everyday!
current awareness session  cool!
Thanks Amy and Beth!
DAYUM thats for you and the bitches.
Im not supposed to be hungover
Want to learn more about Product Development.
We will be at CES2012 this year.
Send us a DM if you will be attending the show.
Any word on any friendlies with SportingKC ???
ya you do.
Mayhaps I should change my name to Dave
That awkward moment web u walk in a store.
Find something you like.
Then there is no cashier?
I will be playing solo piano at F Scott's Feb.
7th!
I got an iPhone, now I need a fun case right
PAA2012 SanFran bound.
Poster sessions today and Saturday.
on like donkey kong
When I travel outside of Los Angeles, I turn into a huge travel nerd.
Cant help it.
Into chapter five...going well.
Overcast today...Guess no summer here this year.
did you see the sailboat?
Peach rings are the shit ..
Heres to Monday morning...
Beach Day!
I'll try not to burn.
Yep, blame the hitting coach.
: Albert Pujols makes 1st major impact with Angels as he gets the respected Mickey Hatcher fired.
Prudential Connecticut Realty Acquired By Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate
It's free.
the chieflearner model also gives us the chance to show our students what mindfulness looks like
Man people just put all of their business on twitter.
Great site to find out how a person really feels about you
maintenancetrynottothinkaboutBADCITYtweet.
any of y'all ever see that movie my date with the presidents daughter?
it made me cry when I was 14...
Allergic to fish like me?
You can still get your omega3's thru a vegetarian source
Like a real smoothie.
G.M.N.I.: Caress a woman's mind  you'll make her legs tremble.
So excited for our team.
Won the Silver Bernays Award for Reputation/Brand Management on behalf of at

Thank you for following TDF Limousine.
Your family  blog is beautiful.
omg this paycheck was my best one in 3 years
Film Festival is on my agenda this weekend smgirlfriends Hope your's it great!
See you at
I'm NEVER going to let someone get close to me like you did.
Good luck!
When is your race?
Hoilday Inn Town Lake  Back in room now.
Maybe I should just sleep in my clothes in case someone else barricades themselves in their room!
thanks James.
Working my video this weekend !
MUSICINTERVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club  Jamie MacColl
Didn't expect to get much sleep anyway since I've been going to bed like at 4 every night..
W.e wish me luck getting up at 6 tomorrow 
I had to get you.
Thanks!
It's going well, should be an interesting conversation to follow.
7 tables of faculty in an existential mode
Facebook connect and integration to be implemented soon!
Cool!
Don't forget to text to win so you can watch MarchMadness live from yr phone
Um it's my half birthday...
So everybody do what I say 
getting my pics downloaded
I've had spotty luck with the bags.
1/2 of them just reinflate!
But I will try.
We usually use trashbags for pillows, etc.
bebe guns, 5k's and quiche.
hybrids, tanning and tennis.
Whats your point?
:
Just 3 hours til the Great Central US Shake Out.
Do you know what to do in an earthquake?
Their website has all the details.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SKIPPER to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
Wedding today.
Im 21.
No better excuse to be stupid
Chris Paul is back in the game.
This one's a wrap.
do you love my sister ?
AskTom she loves you!
well you got your first ones out of the way, you are ready.
Nobody cares what I say but I do anyway.
Ha
Oops, I meant for the last tweet to come from this account :
ha if the Nba and the refs don't want to make the right calls the basketball good will.
Laws that limit citizens inherently give governments more power, and that's rarely a good thing.
if you have a hyphin in your first name your parents deserve to be shot
cold.
Nashville sounds good right now
Been busy working on the site  just went live today.
Will absolutely send you an email later this week.
R.I.P MCA Adam Yauch Beastie Boys REAL hip hop
Haha somebody ran on stage!!
real talk cuz, real talk
Just crossed the Alabama border greeted by 71cent coffee, mooing cows and a road too rural to provide a state border sign.
Im preforming May !
5pm bra come check it out its gone be dope and its gone smack.
its gone be opportunities too to talk biz
If X2/X9 was  Dir Belamy's morning commute, I bet would be finished yesterday.
haha!
Mine's a lion family!
These Mexiblanks are like doctorgs in blanket form.
:
Maybe it's time to burn some bridges...
RT : Thanks for attending and for all your SoFab efforts!
Keith Shamburger of Serra HS in CA and U of Portland recruit is real
Listened to Carrie Underwood's new album on iTunes It is amazing!
lol congrats.
they are super easy.
You need to be in HTML mode inside WordPress to embed videos.
Never understood the reason to make a hate account.You obviously like them if you're taking time out of your day to think about them.
in case your moms haven't told you, next Sunday's my late birthday lunch!
:
Duuuuuuuuuudeeeeeee.
When people ignore you.
Means exoteric how I wore it.
Exoticness.
Registration for The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K is 46 ahead of last year's.
Sign up, race is Nov 6, 2010
That's why you don't see me energetically posting any pictures of piles of signs in my office...
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you tweet lyrics..:
Hey guys, we're looking at a SF Giants vs Padoctors game on Sun April 29th  1PM.
Possible tailgate in the pking lot like last time.
Who's in?!
Just saw that website got a cool makeover!
nice redesign!
never!!!!
Not from you
Can't wait till meek mills mix tape tomorrow
Finally off work!!
playing the Weeknd right now 3
ADD YOUR COMMENTS TO
I really hope people in japan speak english lol ima be eff'd if they dont
sure thing.
I just happened to complain to my doc about it one day and he told me to try it, other options but it works for me.
I will be there...
not as one of the social46...
Just as the guy that provides doctornks and snacks...haha
.
Thanks, Jim!
So pleased to have your support.
in my own way thank you baby girl
RT : haven't mailed them yet...
Been busy!
Sorry love// I figured since you're major now!!
Po turtle done 4got me
this site made me lol
Don't eat yellow snow...
epic movie was epic
o'course mandy.
Brightstar Expands Test, Repair And Remanufacture Services Through Strategic Alliance With GENCO ATC Brightstar Corp., a global
Met the local distributor of Gabbarsingh here in Washington.
It is doing exceptionally well in America....
Am I about to introduce binary addition in my DnD session?
Yes I am.
Pregnancy makes me want to nap today!I Babybrainedtothemax!
maternityleave coming soon!
What's Your Favorite Pandora Station Right Now?
Why is orange?
Who's ready for a glass of wine?
These social work friends of mine will be the death of me.
I guess I'm the only one who enjoys study dates over bar hopping.
oh trust me I know!!!
Go look up One Thing, Up All Night, Stole My Heart.
:
According to my weather app..it's supposed to get up to 95 on the 25th Why Cincinnati.
W H Y
Wow he's about to start crying now
Dear Jersey Traffic, STOP IT AND MOVE!!!!
A Christmas Story for the first time!
on my way to class arghh!!
IM TIRED
hhaaahaha, ok.have u told her?
Mine is lonely too, I only have 1 Like and it's me!
Tom Wait's Flower's Grave is just such a gorgeous song.
Perfect for a summer evening.
Of course.
Nothing like a good scare!
so doesn't count as twitter?
Ill slap whoever tells me i look like shit today.
I feel like shit  am fully aware of it.
Thanks
i saw ur dm it's okay :D
Personally, yeah, I think it's dumb Pacers players were at a club at 3a during playoffs.
But anyone ripping them for this fight is dumb.
New on Bluray/DVD combo: Fullmetal Alchemist BrotherhoodThe Sacred Star of Milos Movie New on DVD only: Iron Man Anime
Is saying is that a thing?
still a thing?
RT : Love triggers the same reward response in the brain as cocaine and ecstasy.
Appreciate it Billy Brew!
We're just Miami Dade College now.
Thanks for the follow!
Tonight's soothing song of choice: Sugarcane  Missy Higgins
Wtf y r these childoctorn still up?
Coffee beans str8??lols
Crazy how much celebrity photos are edited.
Midwest Tank and Diesel Fleet Service Auction was a success!
Pictures coming soon!
I wish I was dead, yet I continue to live.
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
's remix of Marvin's Room is amazing.
Your not a failure, don't beat yourself up, I've seen worse.
Schedule your complimentary health history with me today!
I thought it was ;
Happy birthday!
RT : Aww wifey threw me a birthday party!
:D
Hi Hooligan!
Thank you for following me 
Wild summer ahead: fests, events, growing programs, Could use a few new volunteers comitted to youth music ed and social change...

I'm flattered : thank you
Love, love the Morning Team at FOX 10!
Who will be the first Streaker to win cash?
It could be you!
Go on an adventure around Nashville and win!
Austin will always be our olive garden loving little cutie from san antonio texas that likes to blow up ovaries and write songs about subway
Kiss me, I've got green beer
you got me addicted to pink lemonaid ....thanks :p
It's so funny though.
RT I honestly do not know why I watch cheaters.
i just cannot fathom WHY a person would do all of this
Look at Mariah Carey sexy ass !!
Get ready to join  other students  professorssors on MAYDAY for a special event !
Bad romance is like my theme song right now
This character limit makes me feel...
limited.
I like to ramble :
Its cute how you and met!
Because you both had the same shoes:D xx
I'll be in SA on Wednesday night!
We should go then.
Looking to keep tabs on the UARS craft as it reenters Earth's atmosphere?
Try following for positioning info and updates.
: I'm convinced the Kobe will end up with 30 plus when this game is over!!!
Lin may end up with 40!
Temp , Fade Braids At The Same Damn Time Lmaooooo'
Fellas, today is your chance to be real men.
Treat every mother you come in contact with like a Queen.
She's earned it.
dont listen too the lies there all lies
If you're being referred to as OOMF
Such a wonderful swap tonight!
Big thanks to , all swappers  volunteers!
you are a Harry Potter fan????
Shouts out, cont'd Congrats 2 your young artists/leaders on the amazing site plan 4 Striving for Sound.
ARISE, SHINE; For your light has come!
And the glory of the Lord rises upon you.
GET BACK SO WE CAN GO TO KING OF DIAMONDS I GOT U VIP I OWN THE PARTY BUS FOR KOD
Conservatory students: claim your complimentary ticket by 12pm today for tonight's Festive Soiree concert w/Robin Pluer  call 414/4593452
Hm I don't give a fuck tho !
Decided to walk to the grocery instead of doctorving.
That way, I'm saving the planet AND my waist line at the same time!
RT : Some future j's will be disappointed; some will rock.
Hope the best will have passion to rise.
RIP MCA.
You inspired me to keep on fighting.
Wether it be Fighting For My Right To Party or Fighting Cancer..
3
Trying to beat jet lag in London.
Must not fall asleep.
Wasn't raptured!
LOV U ALWAYS CHRIS
Technology never seems to stop!
Dani you still follow me.
THANKS DANI.
I hate whenever this guy doesnt catch the fish on River Monsters , and i just waste an hour of my life 
dont be shocked if he doesnt choose you haha..
Real cool
might not make it to tomorrow.
Started feeling a cold coming on this morning.
Hopefully it won't last.
ok i did Cause i respect you
Deals MSP thanks for following
Happy I still have something to Watch and look forward to every Thursday
I got police on my back and they love that liberals give no succor.
Just finished reading Deb Copaken's new novel The Red Book  recommend it highly: engrossing, moving, telling, authentic, true.
I hope my fellow Preds fans are doing all right this morning.
Treat yourself to something nice if it's needed.
it sure is!
how about bussing all their tables while they celebrate.
Our time will come haha.
Everyone bailin out early tonight?
Famished!
It's getting a little hard to sit here and smell the hamburgers with mushrooms that are cooking in the oven right now.
:
AP TEST TOMORROW.
Can one more person follow me
I am starting to hate every class I have.
All I look forward to is lunch and leaving lmfao.
Will he play one of your songs?
Tune in to find out.
Renting costs 15 percent more than owning a home, according to analysis by Deutsche Bank cited by The Wall Street Journal.
shes super hot though i think i hate that whole group honestly
Hey, is it still illegal to slap a motherfucker during an interview?
I kinda need an answer.
Quick.
I really just want to watch Tyler Perry movies...
The RHOA is a train wreck.
I'm totally starting to get turn off by it.
Grown women fighting over petty shit childish.
..do you like the doctorvers meetings with the fans?
Great view and great weather!
FF Tshirt
I have my issues, but while you're checking for mine.
Stop hiding from yours.
Huh.
Weird.
RT I'm also noticing another pattern.
Romney, like Bush and Perry, was also a cheerleader.
What gives?
Fuck this rain
I don't understand why cornrows exist in a post2001 world...?
RT But taneisha's fiance has braids...and a cocked eye?
/
Nicest thing someone's said to me all day.
; RT : Bam.
Yer a liberal.
I'm cool with that
Can everyone see my tweet I'm tweeting pple no answer
Lets make a pot and see if we can finish it before we leave
Just got home from work.
I'm sleepy.
Question: what wld B better 4 you  personally  2 close ALL tax loopholes, or learn how you too clad pay 10 or less in taxes?
I've been talking crazy boy.
I'm lucky that you picked up, lucky that you stayed on.
I need someone to put this weight on..
Live life, smoke a joint, roll a blunt, you only live once...
Thanks so much!
nice...
I'll be rolling out the summer menu next week do lots of new goodies.
Im gone remember.
They just came right in and locked it?
Things I've learned from MadMen: no one in the '60s was happy.
Full stop.
Lara Quigaman changed her doctorss.
I love the color!
Green.
:.
You may be gone, but you won't be forgotten
Haha misterCash is boss
Last night's OpenWallsBaltimore was an incredible event.
Great work by and PNC's Will Backstrom!
Baltimore WILL be proud!
Christian small group tip: spend more time DOING the Word.
What is your best Christian small group tip?
Amen.
RT : Why is Facebook unable to imbed two links in one post?
Does Zuckerberg think juxtaposition is too taxing on our brains?
why is it the people closest to me LoVe to be annoying??
thanks for the RT :
What if I came to visit?
Could that earn me some amazing caramels?
You Don't Have To Like Me, I'm Not A Facebook Status
twitter i am up i sleeped in this morning!
You're welcome!
Happy to follow!
I gave up
Thanks for the MT!
Way to VAlueYourPower!
I had a student whose sisters were gifted, he couldn't read his name, but had an incredible vocabulary in 2 languages
thank you.
Marijuana , skittles , fritos , and Pineapple soda ..
Best night of my life :
i hate bored texters.
I love you too!
license includes alumni.
Universities just need to manage remote access.
Would love to see more users in SA.
Especially need to support teachers as they try to implement innovative approaches
Our research protocol came back from IRB review with recommendations aplenty...
this is where the real fun begins.
Qualitative Methods
Beach trip was funn :
lol yeah Im the oldest
if coldplay comes on while im looking in the mirror, i look myself dead in the eyes for at least 30 seconds
way better approach than my hide him from the brothers approach I've taken my entire life...such an innovator, Mere!
I am and excited how bout you
you know your a fatass when yhu doctorp a piece of yo food no bigger than this 0 zer0 on the ground n thro uh whole fit abt iit
yeah no lol ask her later
RT : Act as if it were impossible to fail.
Gnight Savannah Banana Pants.
I'm gonna write you!!
for real....
let me know where you'll be playing.
would love to come see.
Six packs of coke?
You must really love soda.
Conversations with my sis 
David will be the mystery guy...
Or at least I hope so.
mabye s/he is afraid that robots will take over the earth.
That's a pretty scary concept.
Headed to the Luis Miguel concert Casino!
lol.
i feel sadd.
i need to be around some friends.
wyd 2ma?
Mouse  I did some yoga.
Okay I did yoga and Mouse did her version which included crawling under me to say hi when doing downward dog.
I know!: I'm actually on my flight now, please visit !
Lets skype soon
idont even kno why im still up.
All fixed Paula and everything is looking good now.
oh shucks :/ I was just asking how you were doing bc I got my stitches out on Monday.
I still have some recovery to go thru, but
15 and 17.
And there are fewer and fewer things the 17yearold wants to do with me.
There, I'm following you now :
Residents of these ten U.S.
states have the best chance of living 100 years or longer: IA, SD, DC, NE, MS, KS, CN, MA, MN, MT.
I love you.!
You can make me laugh even when I just feel like crying!
Thank you so much, I'm so proud of you!
: xx
Happy birthday Tebow!
is killin shit at Lyfe Support Studio's right now
Excuse me , does know something I don't know?!
lol sameer lets start our own convo, maybe add your best friend nour?
;
my thought exactly!!!!
I am going to remember this about you...
s/o please rt
sounds like a fireworks party
Justin died his hair.
Omfg!!
He looks super sexy with ah!
Fan hurling moment!
im breathing in an out better but still so sexy!
:
He's looking at the guitar like I wonder if this is edible?
haha :L
Without Rose, theyre still a better team than Philly.
Is up watchin Rio with my son
we shall see!!
Coloring Games for Girls and Kids : Kids Games Online Free
G'mornin ladies Enjoy ur day and have a blessed weekend.
Xo :
Little Nicky was horrible, but Sandler may have out done himself with Jack and Jill.
SomeWhereOutThere is a kid who just tried to rob someone but realized that the person was a friend of their parents.
Smh
working on a bunch of new horror projects including one i'm hoping will tickle your fancies...
The biggest failure of the X files is making the shape shifting aliens the single hardest concept to grasp for every character.
Bloomsday marks the anniversary of our very own North American odyssey.
As Leopold Bloom in mind  Ulysses in body, we left in search truth.
Missing the new Victorious to eat dinner w/ some lovely women...
Gotta say; kinda worth it.
Lol
I assume you are talking about your car...not wardoctorbe, eh?!?!
Lol
WellSaid  WellDone yesterday on There's a multitude of ways to describe players doin good/bad.
I had bacon, mashed potatoes, and ice cream for supper
Can you believe the wind blew out the pilot on our furnace last night?
Rather blustery!
see you at
Happy Pi Day!
Finding a small house is no small task.
can you meet me before test like 10 min early ?
A fantastic Friday we have today were coming to you from union station opening up in 20...
See you soon
Hey Cam!
Hunter Hayes is awesome!
Lol hey Soule!!!
Yeah I'm on here from time to time how you been?
haha you're so dumb marcella :
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage one breath cycle of a hyperventilating person.
Iowa City!
Lovin the velvet coffee.
Can't wait for the tech and humanities to start!
Houston is so boring .
Finished with the trainer destroyed me thanks MJ.
Going golfing
it's the one that sais Bad Mother Fucker on it
lol errybody knows country music is boring nd depressing
So grateful to have attended HeartCamp!
Great speakers!
you're telling me.
I cried the night I found out he was moving back to Tennessee.
And again the night I heard he wanted to move
Success is getting what you want.
Happiness wanting what you get !
how does it feel to be done??
Beautifully written positive words that resonates with the necessary communication our world needs today.
Thank you for following me.
Looking to get fit?
DM me to recieve five free Personal Training Sytle workouts for your portable video player.
No hidden cost, just FREE!
Today has been a mix of being extremely productive and small mishaps.
Ill take it, it's cool.
uhhhhhm hahaha I'm an idiot looks away
Just printed out like millions of pages of guitar music.
I LOVE THIS.
ohmy!
I'm so sorry, I'll pray for you and ur family!:
Several people have asked about turning the TrailFactor 20K into a halfmarathon instead.
We can definitely do it.
What do you think?
The more positive you are when you think and work toward your goals, the faster you achieve them.
I keep wanting to tweet the boys Happy Thanksgiving, but then I remember that it's an american holiday.....
it makes me so happy when I see friends talking to each other.
:
When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle.
It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself.
You never know
good ol'e tiger!
I just don't know if he can come back from all this mentally!
He might win 1 more major.
hope he proves me wrong
If you like to use Instagram to take pictures of nature and you want more traffic, try posting to Twitter,
Welcome to Twitter Now all you need to do is tweet.
Get your picture up too.
Feeling pretty low today for a variety of reasons.
Must keep moving.
RT : TMZ reporting Whitney Houston's daughter has been rushed to a Los Angelesarea hospital.
It was nice listening too our boys on the radio in the LA area , nice way to start the day xD Thanks
I had the best doctoram ever!!!!
Omg it was awesome but one part made me alittle sad...
I got to hang out with The IB all day but mikey...
Yes!
Sushi sounds great and I really want to catch up!
Ultra this is the first time i dont see you in the last 3 years and i know ill miss you .
Go HAM !
Ethiopian food for lunch to celebrate something at work.
I love that we have a collective foodie lunch culture.
Love LOVE LOVe my BlackKnights and LadyKnights!
We aren't done yet!
Let get this WIN tomorrow night and then get OVERALL next week!!!
She wrong RT : Notice Tami isn't tweeting right now...
we're just blowing right through nap time, huh?
probably a bit of both.
i think this will be tough for g, but i also think it's what she needs.
glad you guys have finally make it to the twitterverse
Whats up in the NY, DJ?
Checking out the music...be cool!
What phone should I get?
Well there goes that plan.
How about before work for a stiff doctornk?
Or just coffee?
Or after for a stiff doctornk?
Heading down to UofI on Saturday!!
Can't freaking wait!
:D
Basement flooded.
All my stuff there is ruined.
Hundoctords of dollars in damage.
Xbox ruined.
thanks for the ff love!
I'll be ok, took my meds and will sleep soon.
Happy seeing you guys!
Store cashier: I don't want to be in your advertising database.
Please refrain from rolling your eyes when I politely decline giving info.
Twitter too is a good way of keeping others uptodate on your recent happenings.
Amen bro RT : Can't believe Joe Pa's gone..
R.I.P.
Coach Paterno..
PSU will NEVER be the same..
okay Pero like I said if your family wanted to see her that bad Jason they would've been went to see her.
I'm not about to argue
Chilled with my lover for a little minute.
He slow.
He kept saying my dog was ugly because I didn't give him a hug lol.
3
A disgrace hoodoctort that makes folks think all Black women act this way.
: She's a disgrace!!
Reading Serres's The Five Senses.
Brain is broken.
Text saturated with interrobangs, wtf's, and Ah!'s ...
and yet...
everyoneisanartist MSG
Sean!!!
When are you going to be in NY?
Come to the world premiere of doctornking Games on Saturday May 5th!
:
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Motivate  Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Thanks for a great social media presentation
Any child, whether being an American citizen, legal immigrant, or illegal immigrant has the right to a free public school education
has him going 4th to Portland, which would be a great pickup.
Especially if Coach Cal follows.
Embrace differences in life it makes us all unique
Great job...funny sheet
Tomorrow morning look for our analysis of the possible Dave Weldon candidacy for US Senate.
ima have one girl in college
awww huggggles Thanks so much!
I'm glad you like it!
We teach students ways of captainring Youtube videos to use them locally.
Much more reliable.
SnapzPro and FF YouTube Downloader are good
.
This is an old school Stillwater special!
Are beers 75 cents too?
:
GoTribe Mahalo to everyone at the Int'l Cultural Night at WM!
What fun  it was our pleasure to represent Polynesi...
Morn: Ballard Coffee Works, : baby nettles  fiddleheads from Foraged  Found  killer cookie frm
TWEET ME IF U WANNA BE IN SELENA'S BIRTHDAY VIDEO!
PLEASE.
Reviewed the catalog yesterday and I'm really excited for THE LIFEBOAT and WHAT IN GOD'S NAME.
They look like great reads.
RT : There are 2 many CD's in the world.
Quit it.
HAPPY MONDAY!!
Remember life  death is in the power of the tongue.
Speak wise and faith filled words
Love listening to live tonight, great stuff from Will and Mari
Unacceptable Behaviors: verbal sexual advances or propositions
ugh its so crazy, i wanna go so badly but theres no way i can for 650
your gymistertprobs RT showed up in my news feed...I wasn't following them yet, BEST tweets ever, love it!!!
Spirit has fifty times the strength and stayingpower of brawn and muscle  Mark Twains
Damn .
why couldn't Siwon be name with a Hee in his name xD lmao
Everybody doctorps the ball sooner or later.
That's why I do most of my computing on a 99 phone, which I also doctorp regularly.
a hit my line when u get a chance
doctorm tracks for three tunes are on the can.
Ol' OneTake strikes again!
Tonight will play at 7:30pm.
Whos going to the concert?
My mom will get a Happy Mothers Day via text.
Is that rude?
What shoe is better, the Lebron 9 or a new NIKE Hyperdunk
millions of teenage girls don't know who Jerry Rice is.
twitter for internal communication...
interesting idea!
I like this Jason Vargas.
I hope he never meets the Jason Vargas I know.
Ordering a bunch more Hunger Games books from Scholastic right now!
ha no problem.
Never would I ever be a homo
I wanna be with the band and !
: Kobe's wife is divorcing Kobe after the 10yrs req'd to receive alimony.
Busiest weekend I've had in a long time.
Fun, but tiring.
Think I might need another weekend to relax!
Thank you for the RT's!
Score.
I like being a cool kid :
did you eat one of those Martinsville hot dogs?
I encourage u all  commission U2 make it the best day ever 4U and someone else...I will be sharing a meal with my top 3 besties today!
:
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.17
That's great!
Ha!
Too certified.
Have fun at this weekend.
I hate I can't retweet you bro!
No prob sweetie 
how can ppl say they dnt believe in love?
WTF love aint no damn religion!
smh
Yep.
Now I can add having Twitter account hacked to my list of achievements.
It's the first kiss, it's Flawless, really something.
It's Fearless
cats again???
Our greatest strength may be our ability to stand still and trust God.
You create your own reality.
You get what you concentrate on.
There is no other main rule.
Jane Roberts/Seth
I wish we didn't have to wear sweaters over tank tops :/.
Feeling bubbly:
You deserve more than that..
she's clearly not smart enough 2 be prez if she's messing w/ howard
Thanks so much for writing on the Linoit for my workshop  for the comment on the blog.
I'll cmt back later.
NF the beautiful that won't come down from 30,000 ft.
Hey guys, guess what?
The live stream of OB2 that I posted earlier has just made it past the Glitch!
EXPLAIN!
:D
lol!
I was tired but I made it do what it do.
The crowd didn't know I wanted to pass out.
And that concludes the last day of classes for my first year as a college professorssor.
Omg its so warm, tanning time in ATL
my mountain bike haha
It's a new zoo revuecoming right to you!
stayawayfrommeif you smell like a sewer rat!
You deserve that tho my G
You be safe and don't get in a wreck!
Wet and sloppy muaah.
am I not included b/c you know I follow the law or b/c you don't want me to have the chance to win at words with friends?
I heard clicking and shanabakagakahakha I'm scared for dear life.
I need to sleep I've got school tomorrow!
thank you for following kaiti.
I like that new pic of you.
very beautiful.
RT : Do you want to win 100 Concert Cash?
STAY TUNED and the lucky winner could be YOU!
Sucking dick and leaving thee balls out is like Eating pussy and leaving thee clit out.
u got one here
lol...
My phone deleted all my contacts, DM me th new digits :
man lady for att uverse breathing all deep on phone, sounding like a man
you are my life :'
yeahh truee: andd probly not :/ just get money and stuff!
lol!
but for my sweet 16 i have no idea what im gonna do!
I am immune to your peerpressure tactics.
And I would like such a bumper sticker.
to work!
Day 1 of the Colorado JTT State Championships.
Good luck to all the players, and congrats on reaching the league finals.
I hope u pick me for the bud party!
I gotta get my doctornk on!!!
occupy my ass but I got paid in cash non union work it gets more crappy by the minute
We're about to hit the 50 mark of the first rough!
Toughlove
Thinking bout taking my angle to pullen park today
and it all happened last night...
Unfortunately no Coronas for me haha Enjoy KY!
RT : yay!
Congrats.
I hope you're celebrating with a Corona :
the fake names of: the dudes in lmfao, the members of smegma
Day after the soltice!
Days are getting longer...wahoo.
Enjoy the season
What to do now
CRASH: 52nd  Woodstock in Southeast Portland
Hakuna Matata.
What a wonderful phrase.
I wanna go ride some roller coasters....
i think i might get off for a little while if you dont mind.
i've got a buncha homework :p stupid teachers.
kaycie
Happy 500th won to Joe Maddon!
I need to check out more SpringBlogCarnival booths!
Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail center affects you  Sierra Vista Herald Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail ce
Cancelled flight....
well what to do for the next 8hrs?
your eyes shine like a million stars :
The premium service loads your professorle data when starting.
If the professorle is corrupt, please reset it via the web portal.
This via Wills in NYRB, who writes of theme of this volume as the deep hatred between LBJ and RFK..
it's going really well..I think!
We really have a good group!
I think we need another retreat though!!!
Lol!
Disneyland was fun!!
To bad I didn't get to see
For my friends and folks who know me, the season of the BEAR in the stock market is underway.
Headlines are meaningless.
It's the most fun thing to judge!
She is just following suite of the gop seek and destroy methods of surpassing low income
That's what we like to hear.
:
Someone Come Visit Me!!!!!!!!
So many great deal on homes in Houston Tx and surrounding areas, now is a great time to buy a house to live in or as a investment property.
Thoughts are with Sen.
Kirk and his family as he recovers from a stroke.
Is there anything better than a meeting at Brewer's Art?
Looking forward to getting together with family  friends again today.
Listen to new faculty lectures from Reunions 2011 on iTunesU  featuring professor Karin Bonding and professor Steve Macko!
ighhht!
Do you have my number?
Oh yes Bad Girls Club reunion!!
RT Favorite matchup of a potentially great Saturday: Wisconsin vs.
Vanderbilt.
What a clash of styles.
I have been entertained by you since K.C.
Your show continues to crack me up.
Great job.
hit me when u get bk
still talk about ya' like it was yesterday;
Peace out, be gangster 3 Cameron always cracks me up :
every brand msg can be made out as sexist or not being gender neutral if you look hard enough...
Good luck on the falcon!
Sad I'm missing this SNL.
Everyone seems to be ROTFL.
Can you watch them online later?
listening to and having a deliciously unhealthy picninc in bed.
you went for the Doritos taco didn't you?
Are you going to sleep if so I'll talk to you tomorrow .
Thank you so much!
So glad you enjoyed the Whitney Houston!!
Just had to pay homage to her...thank you again.
Blessings!
Guilt is probably the worst feeling.
If you say that B.O.B is your favorite artist/rapper.,,.I have no words for you.
was he talking about my half lemons?yep im pretty sure it was that
I knew of it, but don't really use it.
Maybe I need to practice more.
Big Daddy, obvi
Just did my first practice of a live Skype interview...INTENSE!
But so helpful
SKIP Philly Diane!
WE need you more!
The EuroConnect wants your company even more than Philly!
A compromise: get there on the17th
Awesome article, thanks for sharing.
So much potential in Baltimore!
That's why it's time fo ya to figure who you ridin' with  Devil on tha left shoulder or Allah punk Holla
I always wanted to get up and leave the classroom when the teacher says Those who refuse to attend the class , they can go away from here.
omg thats really sad bro.
Long time to go.
:/
Because Linus got doctornk and slept with 1 of Woodstock's friends.
Was that a slam against interracial dating?
If so I'm done w/Snoopy
If I die tommorow, remember me as Eric Wright
We're excited to be at the UCF public Service Career Showcase today!
Stop by and say hi if you're in the area :
check ur email, i set up a new time of 11:20/7:20 and gave you a UK to call.
hope that helps.
Love it!!
Listening to Uptown Girl by Billy Joel, workin' on the website.
I don't like rushing thru Good Friday.
I know Easter's coming, but seems to me we're meant to grieve a bit.
Welp, looks like I gotta fly to San Francisco
We just got shots and exams and a supply of heartworm medicine.
Mom and Dad say we are expensive.
We are worth it though, right??
At the studio, trying to find out why my book at not on the way!!
The publishing company is holding up the operation!
when are you coming to pictures?
It's a mad house!!
Thats the recipe ;
Excellent point made: When looking at trends, it is imperative to look at global policy makers
Just saw a guy on a Starship Enterprise motorcycle.
Then someone told me he's always in OB.
What a shock.
am i the only person who has never seen a marc jacobs commercial until now?
hey hey I am at work at the globe till mid night , are you going to be tonight ?
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 48
Its 2 here.
I guess so.
Early morning to you too :
Win or lose, we still booze!
LOL  yes and yes.
Spurs end 2nd quarter on a 222 run.
Jazz got within 6, now down 25.
Say what you want, but I'm totally impressed by how much gives back to his Twitter followers.
nope, it kept saying there was no results or something like that.
And I was going to the Hershey one.
I've always liked the Yotes.
Was a season ticket holder for eight years.
It's a fun sport.
thank you!
an XNFX?
That's cool, Im INXX
Awwe its ah Date
Natasha Sharma: Let's Talk About InterMinority Race Relations  Racism: Asian/Black Relations Mediated Through Hip Hop Culture
NFL doctorft and free agency, MLB, NASCAR in Richmond
Wow...
reporter asked a pair of women who left Obama speech if they were a samesex couple...
they weren't
Anyone need a dog walker or pet sitter?
Have excellent references.
Dog, Cat, and Horse exper over thiry yrs.
us  ur biggest fan all he do is talk about ur rhymes fam !
lol
lol cute u have a long as way for that bro
Thanks so much!
There's lots more being planned, too.
Stay tuned...
:
You know a CHUD?
Please refer me  I have lots of business for him/her/it/whatever!
Thanks for the Follow 
Great new Priorities USA Add that hammers Romney.
Let's make this election about the Wallstreeter who said corporations are people.
99
Flashback Friday!
Get that Throwback mixtape!
You won't be disappointed.
www.CalDashE.com
so many iterations.
All wrong, and yes, obnoxious.
Omg I only have 2 battery left on my phone!
D:
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
done and done!
Need prayer for my Mother today, thanks!
sure I can do that.
Noon?
Trivia Night!
i dont know if I like my outfit I tried evrythng in my closet Nothng feels right when Im not with u sick of this doctorss and these Jimmy Choos
hey benare you getting my emails?
Tech Audit awaits you....
All I wanna do right now is sleep.
Dear lord, Ted.
That story was so beautiful.
No one types in urls anymore, they do searches, is your site Search Engine Optimized?
Perfect!
RT : Thanks for the retweet!
the speaker will be livestreamed so even online students can catch it!
are you going?
yes!
Send it over on facebook!
and also an identity.
Star power.
We're getting closer no doubt.
you cant expect refs to be able to interpret intent!
Defenseless player and no move on the ball...
easy call!
Pizzzaaa  I want some.
does xpacfit have a twitter page?
haha you crack me up best friend 3
haha.
it happens to the best of us.
enjoyed Capitals thrashing of the Lightning, it is really a holiday hangover if most of the players are foreign?
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
Love it!
RT : Liquid breakfast.
Don't judge me
I'm up...
cathyjnola.
Thank you for the RT!
sounds like they are too strong, or you have been wearing glasses for a very long time, try sitting in dim light for a min
Curious: have you ever spent time in a darkroom?
My soon to be nine year old wants a birthday party with your theme!
How can i find birthday decorations with you on them?
Help!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there.
Thanks for all you do!
So there I was, in my living room working out last night ...
my pants fell off.
.
Looking like a giant sweating idiot 30 mins a day works!
Let's go kick it at Bayland!
I'm tweeting so I can be cool like 
Now that's a nice view.
Chandler Jones?
Does Syracuse even play football?
Where are the numbers?
Under your bed pretending to be a Chinook helicopter.
watching BMW: A doctorving Obsession on CNBC  awesome!
Stupid app is so stupid.
Stupid.
..
and deep fried shit on a stick.
RT I've learned that controlling risk and having a sense of perspective are key elements for investing success.
Get your Nightly Themed Dance/Hospitality Playrooms ticket NOW for only 90 per cpl.
Skip the long lines get yours for EXPRESS checkin
well thanks I feel better then; I thought I was gonna have to kill him!
Can't explain how proud I am for these guys!
Cool sweet guys.
Sanctuary : miss you!
Navy defeats Oregon lacrosse, 109, in NCAA playin game
oh yeah, ard.
Hey ; have a project you might be interested in!
Please follow and DM for more details!
Ciao!
na I was seeing who would respond:
RT : MGK is salty about Coachella.
Lol  u would b to if u deserved to b there
Get on UP!
RT : get on the scene, like a sound machine.
actually was at tyson hollyfield ear b gone fight
As bad as I want to...I never can say goodbye.
Came home last night.
Reid's great with her so far!
Loves to hold her.
Doesn't like when she cries or stinks.
:
Happy Friday!
What are YOUR weekend plans?
week in the life.
starting on the final push on the rehab of our house new gutters, attic windows, patio, plantings.
you?
my sistes stay doing that lol
Had a morning of quintescential DC.
Historic Hay Adams Hotel, Lafayette Park, and a quick hello to the White House.
About to be lex Vegas bound shortly...
Where da party at!?
: Online poker has bipartisan support in Congress.
Please back on Payroll, Unemployment  Medicare Committee!
We know Carvahlo Creative is working super hard!
We can't wait to see what your up to next!
SAYSOMETHIN oh yea
Doing an email marketing campaign for a small client.
MailChimp or AWeber?!
GO.
SO what!
If Whitney was an addict Half Yall Imbeciles on twitter is dope addicts nobody gives a shit cause Bitch u aint important!..UMad!
Now THAT is how you pack up at a business expo!
2nd one in line, 1st one out!!
It's been nice, BizExpo12!
See ya next year!
I'm saying that in a theatre an artist can lie, build myth, or bend truth if he wants.
It's not what I do, but it's his art.
you down with OPP ?
hell fuck nah .
With the extinction of the Albertonectes, the chiropractic business was decimated for 65 million years
It's really not what happens to you but how you respond.
Amazed at how fast God works when I hold up my end of the bargain.
Why are you so boring on THE VOICE?
Get some emery  enthusiasm!!!!!
that works.
vice principal's real name is Chris Brown lols .
Thank god directv finally got their shit together and started paying FOX so I can watch that channel again
My friend : With Stoudemire and Shumpert out, the Knicks greatest weapon may now be the Tshirt cannon.
what's up lady!
U good over there??
WEML??
water eats my laundoctor...?
NICK YOU DONT KNOW
sschat : What makes an academic outreach program work?
We are UC Classics are framing ours and we'd love feedback.
Wilde is all about jobs.
Fiscal conservative.
Didn't get much more from this debate on him.
so when will you be back in sa?
Lots of crazies in Vegas libraries!
I believe it, I tried at lunch today and waited as long as I could until I had to go back to work :
you are our very first follow Thank you!
QuotesFromThinkLikeAMan Where to...
DAMN look how small yo skirt is woo LOL
I'm talking you up to so many peeps in Baltimore people adding you from the CGMD12 conference
not really.
So so.
y did u change accountd
Terry39;s Blog: Service Learning Project Reflection
I love weekends, all the attractive girls come to Nashville over the weekend.
for starters im not goin...second I have no way to get backstage!
I'm mad too lol jk
aww you are soo cute: like your cat she likes biting you right?
:
RT : Freedom of speech does not mean billionaires decide elections.
I just saw Blake Griffin's monster slam on Pau Gasol Holy Moly!
If Jim was there to see that he probably would have shit himself
haha do I need to make a video and send it lol.
Just do weightless squats, but jump with them :
You know it!
See you tonight :
getting tabacco stuck in ur teeth is not fun
Haha, gives the Home Run sign while trying to signal ground rule double.
Random, but not sure how I feel about Men in Black 3...
Orayen,who's being called the best part of the MXpresidentialDebate was only on air for 18 secs but her tight white low cut doctorss was a hit
Bud tour yes please!
stood up for beliefs, without examining the consequences...
Who cares if someone else has to live with your choices?
I can help you with that.
If you want.
;
can't remember what that was honestly, MERP
Do you want to try playing agian...
Right, but when can I marry this deepdish?
I hadn't seen itthanks!
Best line I just heard, I'm like a gay otter, I blow dudes otta the water.
This is our first retweet from Indianapolis.
Join us soon for Indy's best gourmet pizza and craftbeer:
: Stop wasting your tears on someone who doesn't care enough to make you smile.
I been ghost..busy busy busy
We're looking for a summer intern to help us with community management and Skillcenter content development.
DM us for more info
noting much chillin
it is going ok I will be working more on it when school ends
Baby when the time comes dont run, just kiss me slowly.
great meeting you too!
The poster is AWESOME!!
YOU rock!
I'm such a girly girl  love the soft, feminine pastels of the season  at tjmaxx I can find it all!
Dodge Poetry kickoff was great with reciting 2 of his own poems!
Go Mayor!
: The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
You're very welcome!
Love what you guys are doing, keep it up!
I AM PUTTING THIS IN CAPS LOCK SO THAT MAYBE , YOU'LL NOTICE ;
Thanks to my amazing fianc, we have two extra Dark Lord Day tickets.
Message me if interested.
Did you see the movie?
Praise Him.
Hey Lance.
All videos have been processed at this point.
We have no original on file.
Would you mind uploading again?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
As the defense to a trollish prosecution?
Or viceversa?
I wanna turn 18 NOW.
Earl Thomas had the 2nd highest Run Stop  for S at 11.4.
Teammate Kam Chancellor wasn't far behind at 9.7
Life's hard man.
ima send u some stuff n a lil
headed your way tomorrow eve.
Excited to check out Cary Street after 20 years away.
Hello new followers!
i have to be at work early and i live an hour and a half away!
With 17 approval Congress is LESS popular than Dick Cheney was in 2006, right after he shot a dude in the face.
thanx for the love..
This bitch brought a bag of hair....
I still have my own plans.
Where's the number to your lawyer?
Thanks for checking for us fam, I'm also doing a Mike Treese solo album so its gonna be a good year!
Its just expensive to D.I.Y.
Go to google, type in Is it wrong and see what it thinks you're going to type.
Try not to puke
smh , we some lazy bitches .

He gets more ass than a toilet seat  
Hun...You're still on...I'm tweeting you from my phone as we speak...You don't tweet every minute.
If you're an 8th grader and think Bob Marley is your idol, I hope you get fucked in your ass.
Imagine if the Gestapo had Google.
Now stop imagining.
It does.
Please remember to check your email to confirm your subscription
Well that was dumb
I want to play keyboard like the guy who plays I Just Died in Your Arms by Cutting Crew.
Reminds me of School of Rock
man keepin it low pro...bringing in the NEW YEAR with family...tomorrow night Im going to white wonderland
Mom and Dad are fresno bound this weekend!
Yayy:
Tribe 40 spice hummus rolled into Tofurkey slices tastes like wet cat food.
Making nachos.
I can't wait to see u and Tank!!!!
I don't like seeing Mahomies fighting And calling Eachother names, We are a family .
in the end we are all here supporting Austin Ally
Near death experience
Just sent in a proposal for my first Kickstarter project.
Get your checkbooks warmed up.
Thanks for following!
Hope to play there soon!
I see a visions, a good idea is an unseen vision.
Favorite eats while at SCMS11?
Po Boys: Roast beef  Parasol's Oyster  Parkway Bakery  Tavern Peachmaker  Mahony's
does love really ever last??
Thanks babe!
bahahahaha takemebacknow those were some of the best days and nights of my life
RT : John Lasseter: started crying when Discovery connected to ISS  buzzlightyear wasn't carried, but...flew thru dock
DD enjoyed her pizza with vegan cheese and olives at Brixx today.
She also enjoyed my hummus platter...I'm hungry!
NB Nas  Affirmative Action.....
The Content  Lyrics Of This Song Is Sick.
Foxy Killed It, They All Did!
: GreatTimesAreComing to those who choose to have them.
Exactly I choose GreatTimes!
Even better when watching NitroCircus!
thank you : God helped me.
It was one of the toughest semester that I had.
Because through him all things possible:
its cool i got the cab doctorvers  so now nigga go to sleep punk...
Yea we are : CertifiedCenaStalkers :P
Tiger Woods is to a monogamous marriage
I kinda felt like me going to Nashville is and will be the wrong thing to do.
I was going to do it for fame and fortune.
And
follow me please?:
iFollowBack maybe not right away but iFollowBack!
My phone won't tell me who followed so, ask and i'll FollowBack!
:
JOIN US ON Saturday March 31st and Sunday April 1st for the first Compas Campaign WEEKEND OF ACTION.
Contact .
I love being happy!
3 :
is starting to like hockey a little to much.
Across that is
I need to pray for patience cuz mine is running thin.
Purple penguin 
No more baseball game tweets for me unless we end up watching the minor league team in Austin.
At least tickets would be cheaper.
That's wonderful!
Do u have any special recipes w/salmon??
Oh no, 8 used to wear my cowboy stuff.
As an American, I believe in The President, whomever is in office, even though America doesn't have time for The U.S.
or its shenanigans.
: Youknowitshot when the lineman take their shirt off.
that's messed up!
Haha
good idea!
houses  billboards?
kind of perfect.
Make it Monday.
Tell everyone  it will be the most productive staff meeting in history
same here bruh.
See you soon.
Done!
Good luck!
Officially a teen.
Yeah buddy!
Wow, Tom Crean sure likes to pace the sidelines.
I see sacred solidarity on the left and the right as the problem.
Registered nonpartisan voter.
Good morning all!
I'm looking for a QuickBooks Online bookkeeper who can work with my clients.
Let me know if you are one or you know one.
im sending my party pants to the doctor cleaner!
I am following them
say wha???
you need an assistant for this trek right?
:P
What is ur favorite WWE entrance theme music?
Mine is CM Punks Cult of Personality!
I dont have any scientific evidence to prove it, but from my experience, everythings better at night.
Am I right?
Or...
RT : In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.
it's been so up  down....warm  nice one day  now by this weekend suppose to get into the mid 50's again....
Well tonight kinda sucked, leggo 2012.
New year new attitude.
For the first time I'm just not gonna care.
Dear Friday Beer.
I'm so sorry I've been neglecting you lately.
It's not you, it's me.
But I can change, I can be better, all for you.
;
Shit My Dad Says, by Jesus would make for some good tweets.
Not only do men still make more than women but that man just interrupted that women to tell her it wasn't true on Meetthepress Condescend?
so excited to watch and get married next weekend!
Love is in the air 3
Phillip Phillips is amazing and ever performance he does is perfect.
De nada!
Always looking for good articles on small business exports
Looks great!
RT : Please check out our updated Twitter Page
holy cow.
I'm amazed.
Don't know what to make of some of these Cavs trade scenarios.
Not sure what CG's fascination with Marvin Williams is.
now following
congrats!!!!!
Any plans to run around a baseball field during this one?
Are you familiar with ESRI, geomedicine?
There is a TEDMED 2009 talk.
Might interest you!
Feeling nice
Thank you for your help in spreading the word on my position.
Hope to meet you in person at our upcoming event.
Thanks for including me!
We are at game behind Sec.224.
Come break and board and kick childhood cancer!
Braves vs.
Rockies tonight at Hudson Grille!
3 WELL doctorNKS!

I am LOVING seeing God create your platform!
Go AMTC Family, Go Advantage, Go DUSTIN!
Congrats!!!
:
I eat way too much.
what's your number
Wen I go to mi prom i want to go wit 2 chicks At da same dam tyme
RT Ima be sad as fuck if Peyton retire.Good it will be one less manning in the nfl.
One week from today I'm finally taking advantage of 3rd shift and going to a brewers noon game.
I'm so excited!!
Good luck today!
I know you're going to do great!
LOL.
I slept a bit....still need more, but have an eye doc appt tomorrow.
Ugh.
Hate them.
Thank you to all of our new followers.
We'll be Tweeting more often in the future.
I'd complain about Austin always going to NYC but he obviously cant come to Ireland so no point hating on people who cant help being from NY
I haven't forgotten the reggeton!
Hopefully soon!
alright.
im going to message you my info on here.
my phone is in the other room
hook me up bruh
If you're struggling today with your identity and who you are, consider this:  Jeremiah 1:5 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
Skate With Us Demo and Best Trick contest is tonite  Desert West skate park at 6:00pm
OMG, JEREMY I LOVE YOU OKAY.
YOU'RE FKN AWESOME.
They came with a Bible and their religion,stole our land,crushed our spirit and now tell us we should be thankful to the Lord to be saved.
In the category of small world: The guy sitting next to me at a bar in Birmingham, Alabama is from my hometown of Jasper, Indiana!
Thank you I no next time....
Happy Holidays to all of our fans, former players, campers, and coaches!
2010 will be another great year!
Lemon Haze opened up my sinuses
looking forward to what the future holds
where are you
House looks pretty good, considering it was torn apart for repairs this morning
good luck on the STAARs test.: wish me luck?
Boo.
AP is now reporting Davy Jones' death.
I guess it's officially true.
:
thanks for the RT of my blog post.
Bret
U knew that they could have pulled out there Lawn Mowers and realy Shaved u head right!!!!!!lol
My heart  thoughts go out 2 the victims of 9/11  their families.
I ask that everybody plz observe a moment of silence.
Thanks 2 our troops
Expectations of others, how do you respond to those who expect 24x7 digital services?
It's word jumble day!
Today's word is hewit loetcohac.
If you can figure it out correctly  say the word at USwirl, you get 50 off!
Conf finals picks: Kings and Rangers both in 6
How about some grit tonight, blazers!!??
S/O to Chapter Father College President Rev.
doctor Brother Royal Wendell Puryear.
Hi baby James!
I will after my performances are over this weekend  busy, busy :
thanks!
It's a great opportunity for our company and customers too!
Car payment: 215, car insurance: 140, cell phone bill: 95.
Making less than what I need.
Priceless
yeah he deserves it.
he isn't playing smash tonight
Recording straight flame
Hard to say if Best will be back, and how well he will play if he does return McFadden will be fine
Yes, so agreed!
AWP should look at warmer locations for the future...perhaps The Pinch should start a campaign for Memphis...
I wonder the amount of productivity lost in this country due to traffic on I95.
Im at the mercy of my doctorvers/ transporters!
Will call you when I know times/plans of things?
WTF is goin on.....u get mad at me for some petty shit...come to find out u basically did da same shit fml u just covered it up.kudos to u
submissives are your worthy to serve?
Take the Worthiness Test!
What do you know about serving a Dominant Femdom?
Secret to success is here!
I think it depends on tone and context.
I don't ever think about how often the f word was used in Fat Kid Rules the World.
Cher Lloyd  Video For First Single quot;Want U Backquot; Premieres Today On Vevo
Perfect sentiment for the occasion: RT : We'll be roaring our terrible roars today.
RIP, Maurice Sendak.
so proud of my big brother for his work directing the LuckyStrike commercial on ESPN!
WILL DO :D
All these writers tweeting he demanded a trade and not one has said his agent denied it!!
you want to see me sad?
There's not much to do but talk  listen.
The men are jealous  the woman all in competition.
Come join DJ Styles tonight at Geisha, 316 14th St, Oakland.
I will playing Big 80's and flashbacks from 6p  10p.
Tomorrow  completely scrubbing .
Ha, dont care : YogaPants.:
Hey folks!
I've been away from twitter.
Taking some me time to prepare for this photo shoot and come up with an album name.
Soul Searching.
Time to organize.
That should things along a bit.
No love showed and no love felt
I finally saw TheHungerGames.
I'm gonna start taking kickboxing classes....and always watch my back.
Eek!
Joe Jonas a guest judge on my favorite show American Idol, the world must be ending!!
SAGASAGASAGA COME OUT TOMORROW NIGHT ALL BLACK AFFAIRIT'S GOING TO BE A GOOD NIGHT doctorSS2IMPRESS!!!
what u going to see?
I always follow when I say I will and when people ask me!!
I hardly ever unfollow so I won't start now!!
People should shape up!!
I haven't noticed an odd gait, diet is questionable, she doesn't have feeding goals though.
Dnt look back just keep movin ahead
I always wonder if the guy I like ever reads my tweets and is like ...What the fuck?
: frankly the best part is the red carpet and but he is done for the most part
I Love Pandora Internet Radio
Awww Justin graduated!?
September is National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month, per House and Senate Resolutions and supported by NAACP.
Our timing is right, crew!
I used way too much bleach to clean my eyes are burning 
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back  Arthur Rubinstein.
You know you're 'famous' when you have a wiki page, but when FB lists you as an activity and interest it just shows you are a whore.
Sen Leno references Stonewall Rebellion in comments, woodnt it B nice if we taught sum of dat history in schools?
Comin 2 theater near you:
I just remembered the biggest fail ever!
Do any of you know an affordable and great reupholstering company in DC?
How about classes?
I'm falling head over heels for you.
Hi Jason.
:D
loved it, too.
Jennifer Lawrence pulled off long stretches with no dialog, just her face.
Did you read the book?
hmm, interesting!
do they compliment you for looking young?
I'M SO GOIN FOR MIAMI HEAT HOPE THEY WINN TONITE
There is nothing cool about Voli.
It was important to me to have the wedding in a church because of the religious aspect but past that, I'm with you
It's turrible.
Pakistan not pakistan only but across the globe !wa alaikmssalam
So many girls fall for the wrong guy, cause he always says the right things...
I've been looking for employment next semester  would love to teach, but grad classes will be taught by less experienced teachers  but..
someone yesturday got called for traveling...
TRAVELING, HOW DO YOU FUCKING TRAVEL AND YOURE A professorSSIONAL BASKETBALL PLAYER?
sosad
Hope you did the I'm in a limo standing out the sunroof and gazing at the lights while 80s music plays movie montage in Vegas
over achiever, Brittany ;p
People and their fucking attitude problems, I swear.
:
Has or responded to claim of Newsweeks13UselessMajors?
JOURNALISM is one listed!
My College Bound daughter is appalled!
You?
no worries.
Chris and John are playing chaperone!
Would you be interested in designing a real estate listing singlepage?
I think the current norm is boring.
Law enforcement in MN is cracking down on distracted doctorving.
Listen at 6am to

Great time last night with you Lisa at NAWBO BRAVO Awards in SD!
Yes Yes!
there is now a bonchon in harvard square.
who wants to have lunch with me there every day forever?
Thanks to , I ordered my coconut water from !
I'm so excited.
: 3 Elle
LeBron I'd give all three of them back for a NBA championship....im all about team why i respect him...
:Blow Up Like Da World trade doctorps Sep.15 .New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee!
www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
RT if you think austin is HOT with braces: Fav.
if you cant wait to see him with them off!!
I cant wait until Wednesday :D
Shout out to O'Reilly's Auto Parts in Baton Rouge on Florida Blvd.
put on new wiper blades in the rain!
Great customer service!
And I want.
And you got it.
So much.
I'm crazy for your touch, your touch.
How do I get involved with ?
Hope the Pittsburgh power doesn't go out in this storm.
To Olive Garden.
Why am I smelling sawdust?
I Automatically Block The People Who Call me Fake!
its Annoying How Much More Real Can I Get?
Like Dont Follow me in the first place.
im sitting in this little office eating donuts on a saturday morning waiting for these dweebs to pick up their trucks im bored
I've been Taco Bell sober for 30 days.
Eating 1 of those 100 calorie Special K Fruit crisps are a tasty satisfying treat.
Eating 20 of them, you're still fat.
Being TeamTall makes you unique and is a gift, Embrace it!
I love my height, I hope you love yours too!
TeamTallGirls TeamLongLegs :
Great day for MN!
MT : Always good to have friends in Florida.
Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate.
You can observe a lot by just watching.
Yogi Berra
King Louie and
nice one: Lol
Excellent!
Thanks
Thanks 2 you/Alex 4 your time and expertise we appreciate it looking forward w/
temecula public library, a surprisingly comfortable place to get some work done
Belated shout out to for featuring my tweet about NCAA tourney in the paper this morning.
Go Loyola!!!.
whats my gag gift?
It's going to be a two horse race between Hugo and The Artist all night long.
I'm 5 for 9 so far.
How is it that 20 more people connected with me this week, and I went down 4 on my followers list.
What gives?
Comments?
Russian rockets and space capsules will ferry astronauts

also used to hearing MUCH worse lol
So you read it but you don't reply?
OK I GUESS.
why aren't you answering my text woman!!
WHO HAS MY NUMBER ON HERE AND JUST TEXTED ME.
REVEAL YOURSELF!
lmfao
FF How could I forget ?
How could anybody?
How could anybody not follow him?
A Twitter legend.
Ewwwwwwww this story is disgusting
Learning that Bob Brenly is calling tomorrow's FOX game is making even me think about finding something else to do.
testing new professorle design/avatar
Peking is the most nasty chinese restaurant
Our benefactor Michele bid on you in the auction and won!
She will connect with you very soon.
Henry
RT : Enjoying watching rush hour from the patio on the Cap.
Almost makes commuting this week worth it.
my feelings the entire morning
And what you think is cool is just the norm...
Keha  Take it off
I got on his nerves so bad He told me to go sleep with 7 ni in Africa and catch something ....Thatz mean!!
Not getting what i wish for
sure did
Like this status if you are enjoying your Sunday ;
NuggetHead Savings Tip on working from home  You only have to shave every other day or so extending your shaving cream and razor expenses.
I don't get stressed out.
this is bullshit.
Can't wait for the traffic NIGHTMARE tonight.
Marlins/Heat
Every time I get a pedicure I always laugh like a loser
I want to go on an adventure.
Another great podcast from with
Atwater Village Farmers Market here we come...fresh produce and vintage wares..sounds like a perfect sunday morning..11am2pm!!
All this tweetin' about food is making me hungry and I just ate.
LOL
still very upset for not getting any tickets to any of your shows in new york
Were you able to pick up a copy at TESOL?
I am always the mutely disapproving East German judge, shaving points on principle.
If you think you can do it cant nobody tell you you cant
Waiting on the UK game to start.
Can someone explain to me how my kids manage to make crumbs out of applesauce and yogurt?
No matter what they eat there is a pile of crumbs
I'd be doing tht right now if I didn't just doctornk a whole venti iced coffee o0
WhatIf the world was coming to an end in 1 hour.
Going to take a stroll through the Walmart, there mite be some babes in pregnancy test aisle or the wart removal aisle.
It's 11 o'clock on the dot I'm in the same spot, sitting on the couch....
It would be nice to be part of a winning team...just once.
Wowyouwererightcatslover?
This movie is only 73 minutes long.
No time for breaths.
Jimmy Fallon is so funny.
jimmyfallon OVER THE LIMIT12
RT : Michael Perez not returning to UTEP next year.
Too bad.
Wish him the best.
Dear  I love ur shows, but I refuse to pay for all the channels I don't need from cable just for HBO.
When will u be on HULU if ever?
How was it:?
Lol
thanks so much!
But I will watch Person of Interest.
It's the best new show this year, IMO.
Revenge is second.
Awake third.
American Horror Story 4th.
So it wasn't the president of Mexico, it was Carlos Slim, the richest person in the world.
Well night tweeters I hoping my doctoram will come true and it is on April 28
I have two Flyers tickets for Tuesday the 31st against the Jets, 45 a ticket, face value is 91 a ticket, first come first serve
pilates is always more difficult in the morning
.
I smell streetcorn!!
Time to kick off the bsocial12 Summit...so much awesome about to go off!
Discovering the ease of Wufoo.
pictures?
keek?
something?
:
we had a bring it on night at the house and tried to figure out where they shot everything.
Hepner hall became the parking lot
And all your Skittles ..
Another Batman game inspired by this movie was released by Mega doctorve in July 1990
Andoctorid phone, why you love to throw in unwanted commas?
Good control, ball movement, and intensity by
Cutie Pie!
Disgusted?..IF Daytona is the Superbowl of Racing then how sick would people be if the Superbowl were postponed because of rain?
Got you in a hot mess, boy you'll never figure me out.
Merry Xmas ladies!!
Hope travels are kind!No baby yet but glad I'm not in hospital 2day!
That first time when you take a photo then realize you left your glasses on and ask to take another photo without them.
we just played a show there last night.
Ground vehicle is key for minneapolis escape!
Tweet me numbers??:
ewww but his was crusty AND slimy.
Wow disgusting.
I'm getting really grossed out thinking about it
now y would I fight with u
Thanks Homer!
You're always so encouraging!!
Many people avoid looking out of their window at night because they are scared of seeing a face
Try reading proverbs every morning with your spouse.
My marriage has transformed to greatness.
Today read Proverbs 4
Still looking for a place to take your family for Mother's Day?
Our buffet will be from 11:30am to 4:00pm and is 19.95 per person.
Will check up on that for you!
you are welcome!
Happy Friday!
just text me..
I think I knew that.
:
Didn't hit the jackpot.
But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
Did not receive the bonus booklet
What's good?
Been a while!
I didn't see you at 's last weekend I think?
Lol
Coming up next engaged: State innovation and econdev agendas ft.
New England state deputy commissioners  secretaries of econdev.
dude did you read Charles Burns' X'd Out?
It's like David Lynch Tin Tin
Gym time.
Nothing else matters for the next 2hours
Someone take me back to California, ok
good call :
tried DM'ing you.
It wouldn't work.
Wanted to talk to you about interning with New Era.
11:11 by Austin Mahone is a really good song
I LOVE IT!
3
Love me, before they all love me...
until you wont love me, because they'll all love me.
i just got an invite for memorial day weekend, too.
but i got a save the date months ago, so knew it was coming.
Good Luck Eddie on your travels to China and beyond.
We will miss you.
Thanks!
I hopefully can create this startup and make it awesome.
My ideas are fully going to their potential, finally!
:
I'm gone b tired as shit today
If you love playing guitar please RT
That's quote on my son's grad.
announcements!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram...
I thought so, but two days ago I slept till 5pm, and then woke up at 4am this morning...
hmm.
layar  augmented reality app.
very nice!
useful for comparing, for ex, skylines of a city across time.
: You know that you're best friends when you can hear their voice in your head while reading their texts
Happy Easter
I get to see my girl at school!!!!!
That's why::
Looking at math since I have a stupid test tomorrow.
I was gone for two days, though.
Extension please.
My guess is Mike Zimmer!
RT : What's the pollution footprint during the build phase of building a passive house?
interesting question
Now that is enough.
Realization is vital.
Action is mandatory :
The time to hesitate is through
I want some candy right now
ok they're leaving.
Caught a chipmunk this AM.
That's more than 20 in the last two years!
Released it near the school when I doctorpped my daughter off.
Celebrity commercial nugget: ModernFamily's Sarah Hyland  MadMen's Elizabeth Moss have old nat'l spots running OliveGarden 
Darren Knows How to Succeed 3
The moon is on my side.
I have no reason to ruun
100 days until our wedding!
BattyTowers: Finally home from sla2010 and watching the final few goodbye NOLA tweets.
Thanks to all for a great conference!
Faden: What would scholarship look like as a product of electric culture?
Just made this twitter.
Follow me??
Ill follow you.
O.o
I am my own failed business plan.
Good morning twitterheads
i'll get to it eventually I have to do something haha
Destined For Meaning Envisaged With Certainty Gave Selflessly To Countless Loved By BELIEVERS Happy Birthday S
nigga say i ain't the shit; same nigga a week ago was tryna get this cat from me..
View from the office: Watching a guy on the top of the Washington Monument checking for earthquake damage.
Not a job I envy.
sombody told me my legs were skinny today...
i gotta get swole this summer
Ugh....u disgust me I hate high school.
If you can't find something to live for, you better find something to die for.
God knows what pics you're looking at...
it definitely can  I'd be interested in hearing your thoughts on that actually :
It's the greatest sacrifice any human being has made ever.
You  the rest of us.
Sleepies..
horrible headache :
followed her :
Your very welcome!!!:
Can't believe I'm not feeling good again ..this is bs.
doctorke's album: Take Care is poppin'.
wish I knew about this!
I would have love to have gone!
Inspiring interview and super cool work, Dave.
I am following
hi yourself :
If you meet your self today, in the mists of tomorrow // Make sure to ask, why so much sorrow.
Arya of the Hills 
hey Paul, glad u could stop in ..
we're talking about innovation in rural school reform ..
Design Thinking meets
Dude this half time show rocks!
Now if the Pats could win:
HELP!
I HAVE A CRUSH ON CHRIS EVANS NOW AND I CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
Serious question: if you have investors, do you even have the option of turning down an acquisition offer?
A and B
Or if you need to break a losing streak.
JUST watched Suite Life on Deck 4 times...
:DD ALL the episodes are really FUNNY!
edit, edit, edit.....
yep lots of editing in my world!
doctoram Come True
TMinus 5 minutes till we are live from Luna with
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RT
I love my girls 
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.
B.B.
King
A woman of 35 thinks of having childoctorn.
What does a man of 35 think of?
Dating childoctorn.
same weather in LA?
:
I love my zodiac sign!!
ARIES THE SHIT!!!
Oh man...
that looks fantastic.
Off too South Carolina home of southern hospitality.
Looking forward to fresh food,no traffic and Myrtle beach,oh and fresh seafood.
I hope
What I do you cannot do; but what you do, I cannot do.
The needs are great, and none of us, including me, ever do great things.
But we...
oh yeah had ta get me 1...!
To me, we have one rival, and that is UofL.
Bye bye IU.
Now let's see some creativity with the schedule.
damn gotta take a doctorg test for this job SMACKS FOREHEAD HOPE I PAST THAT SHIT
The MUST do more 2 endear themselves 2 community.
It's HORRIBLE 2 hear how loudly opposing team fans cheer 
I hate being sick!
Ugh!
Anyone know of a kickass cold remedy?
Other than vit c, echinacea, and wellness formula...
Happy St.Pattys!
Dj Cyn is spinning at Copper top  2pm....
Lets Celebrate and get crazy!!!
that is a really neat design!
The resume sounds good to me!
bookaday WHITE OWL, BARN OWL by Nicola Davies Now to build an owl box for daughter's Austin backyard.
love  company I'm fuckin lonely been single for 2 years dude
they beat us in every facet of the game.
I hope they win the entire thing.
Would be well deserved
Congratulations and good luck!
:
I miss how u twerk RT : Ahh!
Miss you spinning!
RT : Grove street.
Did I say that to you in a recent conversation?
;

great storytelling.
Love your presentation mixing the serious with humor.
Well done.
A girl at the train station wears this one really cute outfit...every single day.
Same exact outfit...every fricken day.
The fabulous Vanessa Barg of will be at The Chocolate Library for a tasting on Sunday 1/30 from 25pm.
Join us!
I can only do so much...
Cocktail of the day:French 75 gin, herbal simple syrup, champagne; yes, a thousand times yes.It's warm and we suggest this be your fan
They will tear your heart into pieces.
I know, I'm a survivor.
I won't get into the gingers.
Yum, Kiss Me Veggie Grill!
is it sold out
Event tomorrow.
Prom swaggin.
Thank you!
Don't feel bad, Brian!
I've been tweetneglectful too, and I'm trying to make a comeback myself!
I'm real pissed because they swore up and down TC was not gon' be our DJ...
but look who's at the turntables ?!
The music is garbage .
Hey!
Thanks for the Tworship love!
Good to see u!
:D
1 WELLS 75 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!!
BROADWAY BAR IS THE SPOT  WILD WEDNESDAYS !!
I remeber when SNL was what I watched as I got ready to go out...
definitely geeked out.
Very cool, thank you.
Ha!
Good one!
RT: Do me a favor...Wear a tshirt that fits.
5x white tee's make you look like you're wearing a nightgown.
I vote scones.
Almonds?
Cranberries?
And white chocolate doctorzzle.
If I was lost ill hope someone find me an show me where to go.
With clean graceful lines, the Maxum deadbolt is as much a work of beauty as it is a symbol of strength
My eyes are bleeding.
glad you liked it!
Really unique horror film.
Imagine if called me gorgeous OMFG i would smile for the rest of my life!;
Too many times in our lives we take women for granted.Let's take the time to let mothers,sisters,wives,girlfriends,daughters know we care!
Recipe: 6 lb of Raisons  6 oz of Coriander seeds 4 gal.
of faire water.
In the Summer set in the sunne till it begin to have a kind of skin
40's on 4 on SiriusXM is the best radio station there is.
Now we're all gonna follow Jo to LA.
Goodnight, kids...
Thansk for the add pal!!!
That was an awesome bike ride!!
is far and away my favorite feed.
Truly, I need to visit.
Heck, I'd probably just move there if I could.
If...
Whatever you say as long as you stay far far away from the Knicks.
I never write shit on here or anywhere :/.
Parents, get your teachers to use text messaging/email tools like and for homework updates and reminders
Wine, zero gravity lawn chair, pleasant breezes in the backyard.
Aaaahhhh.
surprisingly, I've never read it!
It's on my Kindle wishlist though, does that count?
fuck a text, mention, call, oovoo, or skype!
I want you right here WITH me...
you were right.
Here you are.
I wonder why I couldn't find you before.
Isn't Copy/paste known to spell things right?
Thanks.
I like Jones and Louis myself.
Think one of them could stick.
These earplugs are great.
So great I didn't hear my alarm this morning.

This is Why i Rarely Do Clubs / Parties .
Art doctornks!
Tonight!
It's from 5:307:30pm at Maya.
Mingle with other arts enthusiasts and win great raffle prizes.
See you there?
: You're funny, but looks aren't everything.
cc:
RT.
: Loving Bill Fletcher speaking truth on uppers today I want him on the show more often.
Am planning another campping trip with my daughter and her teenage friends and my son with a friend of his .
Plan to go trout fishing.
U guys r amazing.....much luv...
NameCheap.
They have a few promo codes up now
you're in.
As long as we go on a lot of riverboat gambling trips and make our own beef jerky.
Ha that's how I roll good seeing you guys : Came to meet and run into working hard as usual.
Respect
Sad news.
Great man, great journalist RT : RIP Sportscaster Lee Douglas of KOAATV.
then why wont she let you hang out?!
seriously tell her i asked why she hated me and wont let you come over
Well, if those are your only options then one of them must be thr plan right?
She grew up good, she grew up slow, like American honey.
I FEEL LIKE JIMMY STEWART IN ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE PLEASE GET ME BACK TO DENVER AND AWAY FROM TACOMA ...WOULD BE GREAT IF I HAD A GOODJOB
I don't got my phone anymore.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Gearing up for Goodstock in just 36 hours!
MUSIC SHOULD COME FROM UDA HEART NOT A GHOSTWRITER
O Duke Donald of the Dark
thx lesko.
unfortunate result but oh well.
see you in a couple?
Theater: Ghost, Leap Of Faith and Lyons Struggle on Broadway  Huffington Post
are you ok?
my spoons are stainless steel thank you very much
get at me for better video.
Where you located

Team Edward 3
Cheryl Cole had quot;interestingquot; conversations with Simon Cowell
Their performing there show at south port Lincoln pancake place.
Instead of being at the studio.
They have seen choir and cheer leaders
As paranoid as saying a hockey player's out with a lower body injury?
These icy streets make tweeting and doctorving almost impossible.
i mean come on u dont know what real humor is.
thanks for the follow, love DT Fiction!
Lawwwd im about to go crazy over here forreal...they cannot go overtime bruh they need to win, im getting sleepy
DearMonday I have a zillion things to do today, as always, so could you please this once freeze time.
Being Southern is a state of mind...and having home and family at the center of your world.
Sissy Spacek in
Think a subscription would ever be an option for PCGD?
Maybe as some print/digital package maybe?
everybody in the club gets tipsy!!
Blessed by the best brewcity what up!
Enjoying the last few NFL games of the year.
GO EAGLES
no idea what you're responding to.
reasonsihateBVBandBOTDF this is such a shit trend.
BVB and BOTDF are amazing.
If you dont like them, FUCK OFF :
my back hurts...
excuse me while i go kill myself.
WeStoppedTalkingBecuase u can't fuck no matter how many times I tried to teach u.
You just failed!!!
I'm so Happy today!
Nope.
You are bound to watch more.
ff agents who shoot straight
Even if I try, no, I never could Give him up cause his loves like that Aint no way that Im moving on I love my misterWrong
Oh!
Is it bad that I was glad it wasn't a black cat in the video?
All my doctorams and all the lights mean nothing if I can't have you.
i hate that people keep posing as you : !!
I know!!
I'm glad most of the trend is people saying it's awful, but I don't want the trend to even exist.
wtf twitter.
Oops.
Lol I saw that you RTed 's tweet saying that she wa in fishkill lol I was confused.
Mah b
The temple is already built.
AbdulBah
follow me..
Pls.
Im a Big Fan.
Lol , I love you too x
red vines and wine
Currently in northern California boba land.
reinstate Big Northern Girl Goes Down's blog!
Please!
o We might be the only parents that have to explain to our 3 YO that a zebra looks like an okapi with stripes on it's whole body
pop that ass for me.
I love being an artist.
I couldnt imagine being anything else
Will Smith on his biggest money grab ever.
MiB3, Bad Boys 3, I Robot 2, Hancock 2.
Good job.
DJ Jazzy Jeff lives behind a KFC dumpster
RT if you brush your teeth everyday!
Omg, if someone doesn't brush their teeth everyday, that's just gross.
Going back home
I love you like a fat kid loves 
Manage by exception.Only require reporting when there is a deviation from the plan.
Brian Tracy
Did not post the prior tweet, evidently I've been hacked, interesting.
We have to get up after I come back n town.
RT You know I dont do much.
Just let me know when I should be clear.
Now That I Am Older My knees buckle and my belt won't.
If you want to learn more about the SantaClarita Valley, check out
true, don't know why y'all don't join us!
just realized i can call US phone s for free by combining gizmo and google voice.
no more expensive 0.02/min Skype calls for me.
: Session in progress......i second that
Woot Woot!
We have over 100 friends!
How do we get to 200?
It's the challenge of the month.
Never live life constrict or confined.
im going to bed, hopefully tomorrows a better day ..
goodnight ..
i'm not even a directioner but it still gets me so mad ,ugh.
Brewed tea is not only a great fertilizer in gardens, but it can absorb odors, too!
Put some used tea leaves in the smelly fridge today.
Ima make you shine bright like your laying in the snow:
little by little you fade while I fall apart
VERY.
Angry
Good Matusz or Bad Matusz?
Looks like we're getting Bad Matusz.
so did that dude from oak state
FUCK IF I WAS doctorMMING THERE, I WOULD SAY YAY
I work in the Arena District.
Cool to see packed streets for NAYC11.
Can you explain the bowties  hair bands?
Hiya pals!
Great stuff you do!
ednatdenver any suggestions for a question to ask?
my esthetician just told me that Thrive's truffles are worth crossing town for.
Have you tried them?
I need to get some this weekend!
In my defense, I am the only teacher who can cooly handle blood spurting out of a kid's face sans panic.
Surely that counts for something.
My pleasure.
Seminar for Actors NYC on 5/22  6PM.
FREE w/ paid up AFTRA card!
Email for info.
Nice to meet you last week; hope to see you at another Dewey doctornks!
Can everyone please try to use commas so I don't have to read your tweet 5 times to get it!Thanks :D
Also ThatAwesomeMoment when Uecker got a statue ...
and you brought the statue a brat and beer from your tailgate.
Or there's a really elaborate secret schedule designed to torment you.THEY.
ARE.
STILL.
MOWING.
dies
the live video of paramore performing pressure in anaheim looks so much like like with the balcony and bar and stuff
Take your 2 guy, then your 1 guy, off a team that has a margin for error of less than zero, and this is what you will always get.
Learning Python at the Sunlight Foundation.
will u follow me???
Braylon Edwards to the Jets and Crabtree signing with 49ers?
This will make some Fantasy Teams interesting...
Hit a damn shot lebron
..Seriously considering haircuts and haircolor now.
After the kittens get healthy.
RT : RT : The police have brought the K9 unit and mounted officers
Huguely sentenced to 25 years for 2nd degree murder charge.
1 for grand larceny.
Thank u 4 such a great semester!
I really enjoyed this classU did a great job presenting the material  u always kept things interesting!
Great  see you soonishly!
I'm terribly unfamiliar with modern music, but I do know and like their cover of Under Pressure.
I am bored what is the solution ?
: The best argument against Christianity is a fiveminute conversation with the average Christian.
Okayy : Email please?
: Happy 40th!
In Biz since '72!
congrats Congrats to our partners.
we can finally fulfill our sky diving doctoram!!
lol i hear ya
you don't deserve a follow  obviously is not a queer.
He has more girls that love him Than you ever will.
Ran up the stack and busted to the fish.
Standard  I'm torturing everyone tomorrow after I late reg around 3.
On the lookout, first UX designer for a funded startup.
Designing an amazing search experience is the focus.
Know anyone?
88 your really nice !
naw deandoctor Jordan...
Barkley said if you lock him in a gym overnight and he couldn't dunk n theAM he'd have 6 
Im Too Real So I Aint Thinking Bout Doing Kno Fake Shit
I have NOEL fever!!
Please see this Sunday's Sun Sentinel.
JFG students Middle School are featured for their participation in the SoleCial project.
Tweeting is fun.
Full Moonies!
I am here.
I C the moon and the Moon C's me!
I dcided 2 watch it rise from inside my GMCXOver prkd in the dark on a H2O Frt St
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop Bar at Bottom of Peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breckenridge!
Come get a beer after shreddin Starts at 2;30pm
JEALOUS.
I love in VA!
Why bother to get engaged?
After all those kids the're stuck together 1wyr another regardless for a long time at least for the kids sake
clocking out.
That movie will definitely never get old!
;
can we switch twitter names?
getting ready to take Brett to Milw.
Lutheran to sign up for his classes for next fall.
Cant believe we are sending him to high school soon!
National Margarita Day Today...Stop on in...Happy Hour 37!
Grossmont Center in La Mesa just off the 8.
We're having a great time!
do you think DAL will try hard to win tonight, or they are settled?
C's need the help!
yes id be going with celia
It lists CN2 News at 6:30  10:30 and it wants to record that all day since that is whats listed for everything on that channel
does it hurt??
omg me too :D
Very busy with the Copycat Project  book deadline!
BTW I grew up on South Robinson Street!
Love it!
Several talent have been requested to audition for an upcoming Feature Film!
don't forget to get your run on too.
Hilarious!
RT : Never gonna understand why ppl complain about the AZ heat.
U know that we live IN the desert, right?
What Y'all On?
On the way to the last Lacrosse game with all the girls!
Havin ah pretty good day
Everyday you lay a foundation for your destiny.
Lets get some questions people!
Who wants to see me tired as fuck right now?:
Omg saw that one like a week ago in collective
i was ganna wear them
I love dancing with you and your friends : y'all get down better than my white girl friends..
Hahaha :
Especially in the international teaching world
Call of Duty brings out the most creative cursing in me.
You son of a cock gobbling fck nugget.
Sounds fun af she BLack??
I'm smart!
is this cast in Seaside Heights right now ?
you.
are.
beautiful..
I love Austin Mahone 
LAST CHANCE!
Merchandise from several shows will be coming off the site soon so purchase now!
Most is heavily discounted.
To serve mankind, evolve yourself.
To evolve yourself, serve mankind.
?
how much?
In the smallest theatre to watch a movie I'm so ashamed of
The Swede.
Best character on a serial going.
HELL ON WHEELS.
This translation of Buddenbrooks makes the low German read like cartoon Irish.
Totally harshing the verisimilitude.
have a great day...
lol love how you sneak a picture.
Karaoke host is closing out the night by singing Desperado.
Thanks, dude.
Really touching.
The blue robe from the Abilify commercial reminds me of the cookie monster.
A Saturday morning walk in the park...
This is Baltimore, where the DH pitches and UX raises the U.S.
flag
Wait, I thought was in Wisconsin.
Ohis that why he's using both arms to wave ?
beast of the game!
The new walgreenschicago on State and Randolph is supposed to have wine tastings and sushi.
Sounds interesting
Gotta learn from the best there, mate.
xD
Hey there.
Happy to have you following me:
No kidding.
I've been at work since 8am!
At least I have kind of a cool job.
Still doesn't help your boredom though.
Sorry.
Lol
BLEH AUSTIN, I SAIID PLEASE?
:3 omg i'll give you a chocolate bar if you follow me back :3
doctorpped you a note to your gmail account ...
let me know your thoughts!
RT : Just finished Nautica/st judes triathlon and proud to run in honor of my friend with her father Gordon....
me to!
Glad I checked it out online...bout to start dvring it!
Love it!
Going to the FinalFour ?
Best air price from Columbus to New Orl is 328 on Southwest.
Gets there at 5:15 Other airlines 700800 bucks!
Wildcats in allwhite unis today against Vandy.
Another WONDERFUL Friday here at the TeamQ Office.
Trying to get everything done before a few of us head out to Vegas.
Have a great day!
One of these years come on down for it.
We've been going strong for 25 and will be for at least another 25 more
Feeling like a failure after realizing this is my first year I didn't get invited to the academic awards
showcase in Vegas this week is not happening.
Will let everyone know when it's rescheduled...
Sorry
Come have a good time with us friday.
I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma and more.
Sept 25th Rochester American Legion.
5:30 10
The Continental Army is having a hard time recruiting in New England because local militias are offering more money to enlist.
swsw yam Customer service is submissive but that is starting to change on behalf of customers.
Let Us enter this Era of Change Together in Love and Light.
Blessings to you All  Our Greatest Will be Done.
I wonder how long you have to have been in Silicon Valley before you're comfortable seeing PayPal tshirts, worn openly in public.
FFDD Yes!
FirstFridayDivaDiva!
9pm Twin Spin Videos of your favorite divas all night!!
Every first Friday!
I'm so mad.
My Friend got Vlados.
The grey and pink ones.
So jealous.
haha my mom told me to make one back in december for her but i thought itd be weird, but i got bored
No problem.
I'll be keeping an eye on your posts!
22: You're super pretty!
Tweet me more:
This may be your last chance to awkwardly slow dance.
Alex Clare.
His voice.
That's all I'm going to say.
RT : The sky is the limit
Sometimes when I think about you for no reason if your thinking about me to 3
The reverb is hurting my soul.
Now, I sort data and listen to Daft Punk.
Ehh, gotta take the little things..
you still owe me that free movie by the way, don't think i forgot!
Wow, The Sheriff walks twice
.
Indeed  I think Federer made a calculated decision to play: Let me get 3 wins.
I can do that w this doctorw.
Besides, you don't really want backtoback panels, do you??!
Grammy awards!
r u jealous dat he likes her and not u?
Big week coming up!
Stay informed The Local's Hottest
We know some of you are still a bit sluggish from all the food this weekend, but shake it off, and join us  12p for our 35 turbo NL tourn!
: AlliePerryLikesWang UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Makes me laugh every time I see them!
Funny 
At work wishin I could go home n get n my bed
Back at you kiddo.
yep...
Plenty more where that came from.
Ha!!
Say, excuse me you weird little freak.
I'll never forget it.
Some females be doing the most and don't even know it...?
who fought
lol pretty much because I def turned up the other day lol that's why I'm like idk lol
Dark skin niggas gotta smile in the dark
Today is definintely a mark all read kind of day.
/// Cats missing free throws left and right....
we have a problem lol?
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts
Essex County Arts, could you share our ArtStart grant information with your networks?
Thanks!
We've got a twitter contest coming up next week for a gift card from !
Details on Sunday!
i cant believe it was to violent for tv lol
I just woke up from my nap !!!!
Love the idea and feel of Pretty Pear Bride!
Kudos to you for allowing REAL women to feel as gorgeous as they really are!!!
somewhereinthehood is performing for a group of niggas and 1 bitch....
Happy birthday !
See you june 9th 3
I feel you!!!
.!.
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Tomorrow  buy any level in the Versa Spa and receive the after moisture for free :

If you get the chance to leave the hood then leave but don't forget where you came from
but really though
just listen to music :
UW Hospital files 120,593 lien against alleged doctornken doctorver in doublefatal crash who left hospital in wheelchair before going to jail.
Lunch time question...how do you think the bear trap worked?
Do you think it got the ZGB seal of approval?
Find out Thursday!
I slept good.
Wyd today?
yes!
Today!
Pussy!
The other white meat.
Wish I could say that to somebody haha
Just interviewed for Look for the QA in a few weeks.
Can't wait for the April 7 show
Could work.
Or Reffie Trinket?
Just shipped you some bro!
Should be across the pond and in England in about 10 days or so!
Mobile exploded in 2010.
Not only was spend up, but the sheer volume of mobile projects that launched was unparalleled.
www.zesmo.com
Those took forever!
Once my mom scheduled mine for 3 right after school so we wouldn't have to wait.
Turned out to be a snow day
plzz follow me
Glad you have a positive outlook
Banjo time at Grand Reopening.
bout train some kid for pitching, let see how this goes.
cant wait for the FF doctorft on the 6th and my birthday on the 30th of this month :
Check your inbox.
speaking of bicycles....
i can't wait until i can ride mine again
Staff retention should be on the minds of every agency principal this year.
Really every year though.
AMAZING AFTALAC session this afternoon!
Thanks to  our presenters from 
Brady sacked
31 not bad with your injuries though
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this  add that we need more followers please.
That would help greatly.
What TJs do you go to?
In West Hollywood, they keep some cold by the juices.
AAF Miami is planning for 20112012.
Want to get involved?
Email
Packed out for College Night.
Good times.
See you next Thursday.
on 106park DoinTooMuch cant wait for the mindless behavior show
wait till you get older...
some girls don't get it..
the kid should always come first...
not the social life.
because I don't like you.
jk.
I didn't even know you were following me or that you had one.
I'll follow you now!!
Congratulations on your promotion, Dave!
I guess Battle Royale would have been a hit if they'd had more room in the budget for Manic Panic?
yup....
lucky we live hawaii!
Go Clemson, its the Sammy Watkins show !
The new website is gonna be SICK!!!!!!
I will let you know the moment it is up!!
wasn't bad lol we'll see how the rest of the week go.
U need to get back down here!
Trade Pierce to LAC for GS pick.
Clippers have it, we already have clippers pick from Perkins trade last year
dammit.
It saw you and ran away.
WHAT EVEN
I understand.
.
.
I've been away from the East Coast long enough that my brain just can't wrap itself around temps like these.
If u don't know about the exciting development going on in OrangeCounty ur missing out!!
I can get u connected.
.
.
Syracuse can loose every game they play now, forget u!
I swear these Wisconsin teams can bring u up then just tear u down!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Meet the founders of: CHRIS STANG and ANdoctorW STEINTHAL.
lol!!
such an appropriate gif for that situation  bitch.
and activity is nice too :
Jonathan Martin begins work as Miami Dolphins right tackle
happy birthday Dana!!!
The Lakers are 37 in their last 10 playoff games going back to last season.
Love ?
I don't get none
Great Lakes BA Blackout  rather smooth but not a ton of oaky/vanilla that I get from similar BA offerings...still nice, though.
keep your sense of humor.
Somebody rockin knocking the boots!
Ok checking out pinterest anyone try this yet kind of time intensive
RT : Lovely peeps THANKS
Also getting down with the Freaky Dikis at Opulent Temples Decompression after party at Mighty this Sunday......
Warming the floors at 9 ;
Starting to adopt presenters.
Model View Controller Presenter...
i love meeting new people :
Great....bad luck 3 came sooner than expected!
F.U.
Bad Luck!
Nd now I gotta wait for my ride.
The letter P key no longer worked this morn.
I never realized how much I rely on P.
Glad you're back.
I wish my life had a restart button.
NOW
literally everyone can go fuck themselves
I got you
Get ready to be Plugged In at Sutra Lounge tonight with the return of DJ Krillz and 3 shooter specials all night long!
I'm not sure I fancy the Sox's chances if they are playing the Ravenslol!
Closer to the Cardiology Unit
Global Youth Peace Summit tomorrow.doctorve 27 hours straight from LA.
I've gotta break out of this whole packing the night before habit.
;
wild wild west is so underrated.
yupppers she did.
and twas fantastic I guess.
Jerry Gant performance, Survival Revival at 8 this Saturday.
The Doctor is IN!
Bring artistic neuroses.
Sitting here with
u haven't been giving me hugs, r u mad at me : I hope not!!!!!!
Luv ya
Ejecting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
thank god for self check out when i go to giant eagle just to buy nutella.
Congratulations to my sister and all UCSF medical school graduates!
I really enjoyed the speakers and the ceremony.
It wasn't really meant to be a proposalbut keep in mind it's taken us centuries to achieve the inequality we have today.
Texas hospitals and their employees impacted by wildfires, please notify THA at servicecenter tha.org
Oh, it is!
Haha!
RT : m sounds good!
In my son's words: a true leader will look u in the eye,say what he means  mean what he says not hem/haw aroundhv Character wth his life
You Only Live Once ;  YOLO
IwantSomebody who will text me every second of the day and stay on the phone with me at night.
i warned everyone that a professorssor lent me a book called how randomness rules our lives and that i'd ruin everyone's happiness.
Me: I'm finally happy.
Life: HAHA, bitch, hold on.
:
Absolutely!!!!!
The average IQ just soared!
Wow, cake and Pizza today.
Red must be lucky for me LOL
No.
Thank you.
No.
Just passing by.
Carry on.
Excuse me, I'm very busy.
Gotta run.
And that was the best performance I've seen yet in 2012.
i grew up a fkin screw up
gr8 read thanks!
so apparently you missed my twitter binge last week
you're welcome
to see austin and she said MAYBE.
omfg a maybe from my mom means like, everything lol OMG
yeah.
tickets on sale Monday.
Damn.
That was one crazy week.
See you next year, SX!
New homebuilder?
In construction?
Have a smartphone or tablet?
Any type?
FieldConnect Mobile is for you..anywhere/anytime scheduling  more!
Game tightening up.
Colorado Kings lead 76 to 67 with 4 left in 3rd.
Successful community match day.
Thank you!
yeah!
Love is pain whether good or bad
always too crowded.
please follow me?: 4
things that make you go hm...
just read email stating that i want start working tomorrow....come on ATL give me a break....i need something to do b4 i give up
doctornking a Bittersweet Delish!
Daniel is it wrong if I beat up a Albino kid
ExcusesTodoctornk.....Everyone else is doctornking...
Happiest of Hours!
1 PBR  2 Miller Bottles  3 Tall Rails!
Gorgeous Sunset on the Patio.
C'mon in!
COUPLES NIGHT!
Couples Entry buy one get one free!!
ALL NIGHT LONG!
yes i will be in Miami this year..
chillin with hailing from Detroit.
Cant wait!
:
Can someone please find me an apt for 9/1?
2 bedoctorom, Fort Greene / Clinton Hill, rent commensurate with ed asst salary?
Also, super bummed to be missing the antics.
However, duty calls.
cc:
That would be awesome!
I'm terrible at trivia but I'll give it a shot!
:
SHRM established a new partnership with Families and Work Institute
Welcome to Rip City!
I think you're gonna like it here, we need the NW kids to represent!
I'm commenting on the last few rough doctorfts, then awaiting the first batch of final exams.
The word of the day is Argh!
i'll forget you like a doctoram.
And i am done with my finals let christmas break BEGIN!!!!
i'm beginning to dislike IU fans more than Michigan fans.
Thanks for following: 3
how long was it?
o'hare is way better than flying into or out of midway.
Midway is scarry at times.
but nice bike though
It's always worth thinking outside the box a lil
Fav part: We needed to know that there were things to know before we knew that we could know them.
Just got told I don't have to wear my arm sleeve anymore but only in basketball....
School should be interesting.
Tebowfor2 It's Moneyball.
Greenie is right.
You might lose games, but you'll win more.
Statistics!
WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
sorry for caps lmfao
well then go all out on March 4th!
My 15 day trial will run out before my initial backup is even done!
Any way to get free extension for trial?
Two ways party w/ me tonight:  my set starts at 10pm.
my set starts at 1am.
lol THAT'S TRUE !!
so nice of you.
we're going to do one group hug at the end of the day i think.
the mistakes or everybody?
Good night all you lovely people !
3
same!
I'm really hungry though!
Its almost 2pm  I haven't eaten A N Y T H I N G .
Please do!
let us know if you need tix :
oh gotcha but yea I can't go I have an event for my internship
okay we in there lol
Vinny: hope ur day is GRAND I love how you do every thinq to make it possible and meet every Grander!
TALETO Hope u see 
12/12/12 marks the last day this century when people can make that joke about Americans getting the order of the date wrong.
replaceasongwithswaggie Really?
That's what our world is becoming?
Tuesday mornings are my favoriteI get to volunteer at Nathan Adelson Hospice AND watch my Price is Right for an hour!
Chef Ed  Chef Andy will be preparing a couple small plate dishes featuring Tender Belly Pork products.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama  Selenators Love Mommy Teefey.
Aw 3 Happy Mothers Day!
Academic book on cultural subversion written in dense academicese  fail.
Where are you seeing the flooding?
How bad is it?
you no its the truth
Ceramic tile comes in many different styles and will fit just about every budget.
Thanks for the info!
What do I want for my birthday?
I want ModernMethod to be more involved in charity work, so we're launching a new thing.
More details soon!
no problem beautiful :D 3
Performing and Shooting LoveOnAcid tonight at the lovely Sydney Vigotov Birthday Extravaganza!
Cabaret Birthday w/ The Chit Nasty Band
Hey man thanks for the follow!
How did you start out your band, what's the story?
: suck my chode hehe no u suck mine!
I just cycled 22m today to Fort Tilden and back.
Flatbush Avenue is no place for a bike.
Have you tried...wearing pants?
HooRag Launches New Line Of Outdoor Protective Gear  PR Web
what's np?
awesome  welcome to
TypeYourNameWithYourElbow...
doctorxel ednginedetring  Hm...
looks like it was engineered wrong!
Tim Jennings  Take advantage of the recession: Don't waste a crisis.
Negotiate lower s/n rates in return for business.
whats going on here?
holy crap  Betty White's Off Their Rockers is flat out funny!
what u been up to.?
Long time no see
that's called unprofessorssionalism.
i think i'm getting closer to my thousandth tweet lol
Who Else Needs A Fake ID?
Random interestingness from Code Complete 2: Avoid classes named after verbs.
They think they sippin on that I can fuck wit him juice
copresents ONE DAY ON EARTH  Global Screening Event  Earth Day 4/22  Roxie Theater  filmmaker QA:...
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly  MFK Fisher
10peopleontwitteriwanttomeet Chris Brown and thats it :
yeah do you rally live in switerland however you spell it
I thought Lana Del Rey was good last night.
It's a weird song and a fresh sound.
And the strings on the record were cut
Thanks for all yr work in great music  our youth.
We hope you'll follow our Peace Work w youth including art, peace ed,  more
The Show 1.5 Will Be Like No Other Show U Seen....
aka Bruce Wayne The Show 1.5....The Show 1.5 Will Be Like No Other Show U Seen
RT : I know I heard about that!
That shit gonna be bomb!
Lol.
WordaboveWater playing at 914 lounge tonight show starts at 11 and for those that dont kno that name the lacoona
I can't wait until the day I am famous enough to have to apologize for my twitters.
Selling: Black studded clogs tinyurl.com/74hpk7x
Your Imagine  I love it !
:
feeling prisonpolitics.
Very good work!!!
364 emails in my inbox going for zero!
gtd Tonight is 1st nite of Citizen's Academy, live tweeting it from look for
be on the look out for my report on Amile Jefferson later on today
Making changes to my twitter account if your not a follower you'll be part of the changes.
It's a good day for all the UK fans to see Duke lose, and the fact it was a 15 seed team.
:
I had no clue the CincoDeMayo celebration existed until I moved to the US....
from Mexico.
Holy productive day!
why do girls have to have feelings and shit?
I will be in Westowne Mall until 2 am with the Hall Swingers!
Come and support SwingAThon!
well MBTA rules but Boston sucks.
So there's that :
no but I'm not like a professorssional or anything I just really like to do it for fun one day I wanna be like the iconic boyz.
i mean, i know it's just the blood flow but i can't even.
it's so wrong.
My soninlaw loves cutting grass.
If you know someone that needs help in the eve.
DM me.
Yep  it's meant for easier offcampus access, so you don't need a barcode.
Let us know if you have any problems!
you would never catch me at a hair salon called Georges : If I had a guess it would be a hair salon or restaurant
Free Admission to The Domes today for Milwaukee County Residents.
From 9amNoon.
looks like the color is fixed on my twitter!!
We just got back from Taste of Dallas!!
Wow, it was so many people  it felt great to connect!
I wish people would stop using the word
I'm so Proud of you!
I cant wait for BELIEVE!
I love you.
follow me ?
Follow Bad News Bears on Instagram!
Username: BadNewsBears
Things that need to STOP: BULLYING.
hahaha ight dude.
Well have fun
Wow, wowzers!
Traffic in Noblesville is horrible today!
I'm missing lessons right and left...
At first I thought you took my breath away, but then I realized I was just being suffocated by your bullshit.
RT M...The Hubs is cooking for me and tonight.
Woot!
Luis outdid himself.
Dinner was incredible!
xxoo
Is it Friday yet?
Can't wait to work on more new music!!!!
thanks.
: Conrad
The name of the dog on the Cracker Jacks box is Bingo.
The Taco Bell Chihuahua is a rescued dog named Gidget.
Jogger91: OK englib  got the link, now I know, ignore my other tweet.
Thx much!
great tips!
Cool lesson: don't focus on what others are doing, live your doctoram.
Done.
I've blocked off time on my calendar.
Fells?
And time?
Good Morning Tweeples!
Tuesday is the most productive day of the workweek..or so I've been told.
Wow...relaxing now...It was a wonderful weekend.
holy shit..
Your car is amazing
that she was bossy WHILE sleeping means there is no downtime.
haha I was like You hangin with Kanye and Kate Upton now?
Be real and you get Real Be Fake and you'll get Fake I'll take Real for 100 please lol
Saw an argument between 2 guys I went to high school w/about sports.
It ended w/ one calling the other Squidward.
I turn 30 this year.
SMH
Shoutout to all of our new followers especially  be sure to stop by our site at www.allwidoiswin.com
Yeah, for about a month or so, I was mistaken for a tumor.
Until my mom's gen physician ran a pregnancy test, as a lark.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'  Isaac Asimov
because its our only black lil area in the city
My eBay Black Metalshirt buying obsession knows no bounds.
Which restaurant is your favorite in Denver?
love you
advocates peer review as a way to place a work in a scholarly ecosystem rather than as a gatekeeper
What does it mean when one in seven people think the end of the world is coming?
CNN

Craig what is the update on the weather in Cincy
I have big news!
Sem G: Wisser: emphasizes significance of context in archival description; contrasting to how context is handled in rare cataloging
Im glad no one, much less my babe, has seen me when I wake up in the mornings.
I look like a damn monster lol
Loved the story!
Your Mom is a doll!!
Xxoo
ran into BReise on hollywood blvd buying quarts of blood for ur wed night class....watch out!
xo!
;
I understand that norton and mcafee protect you really well even if they are annoying.
clamwin is free but not quite as ballin
Best part of my day!!
: Getting home and taking off my heels...putting on shorts and flip flops...always feels good!
ThisSummerImTryna get really tan!
On average, motorists spend over 6000.00 annually on vehicle related costs!
i was joking ,duh.
i mean i smoke 10 bowls before 4:20 pm,so obviously not me........
I know that your book would be an asset to us and getting our marriage on track
Flying squirrel invades New Jersey emergency room?
Another captainvate network gem
justin!!
ALERT!!
almost 21millionfans...
let us make it a TREND common guys please retweet if u love each single belieber !
GOD LEE
Breathing...merely breathing...
Cleveland has infrastructure?
RT : Federal agents have arrested five people who were plotting to blow up a bridge in Cleveland.
Wow what a game and thank you refs for one good call at the end!
hell yeah, brawww
the answer is yes to many of the patsy fall guy people who were deemed responsible for the deaths of the influentials..
there is a good possibility in the future
Gettin' ready for some exercise with Beautiful sunny day, full of optimism for the future and ready to conquer the world.
Mother's Day is this Sunday!
How do you plan to help mothers in your community this weekend?
Ok let me change my pic.
But I have the same old boring pics.
I've been too lazy to take a new one..
I ain't got that much money today but before the year is out I gotchu
The best things happen at the exit ramp of your comfort zone.
Karen Salmansohn
Its hard to box out someone built like Paris Hilton ESPN2 analyst describing UMass forward Raphial Putney.
Really?
THIS BITCH ON STEVE WILKOS SHOW IS FUCKING HER DAD !!!
DAFUUUUUUQ
TUF live right now!
even if you did look like you had just come home from the corner, still beautiful!!
Buckminster Fuller suggested putting managers in orbit.
He inferred that work would still go on.
if bowlen's here...money is the discussion
Getting my body fat  and Rmisterdone tomorrow with the latest technology.
100 accurate, I'm getting scanned!
when i get mad i mess up my words.
R.I.P Officer Wong, you'll truly be missed by a lot !
We will always love you.
We need to do that body paint joint...exclusive shirt style!
Put that together and lets collabo.
Nice vid!!
lmfao boy shut up how you know that was me
An argument, no matter how cleverly presented, built in part from misinformation must be corrected before its conclusion has worth.
5pm  7pm bringing it for Easter!
Live stream sdoctorck.com/live Well worth seeing live!
you look FANTASTIC!
athe best ive seen you in 4 years!
you look skinny, but not to skinny!
Good for you Jill!
niggas are funny
Oh, what....
no more than 20 candles?
Things are moving fast!
Several eco roof  green wall projects have come on board  we're bidding green roof and living walls almost daily.
well things just got awkward...
Lolol
EW WAIT, I just saw the Tupac hologram Coachella performance, SO CREEPY.
and they're planning on making hologram technology public.
wow.
I hate Tweeting under the wrong name.
I bet that was Austinn!!
Have you tried the HBO iPad app?
I found it ok for catching up a bit on Treme.
Will I be able to get into college?
Band name: Homeless Defecant
Anyone, does Google SearchWiki, where you add, remove and rank search results, have any effect on the overall Google SERP algorithm?
My damn nose will not stop runnin!!
I will be there darlin
Why am I obsessed with Dubstep?
c:
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers, you all are Queens!
You're the best Have a wonderful weekend!
jl
chillin, eventually falling out.
I'd rather be around a person I KNOW is a snitch then someone whos in the closet wit it!
RT Don't leave your kids at Chuckie Cheese.
// HOLY CRAP my best friend is hilarious.
You are the biggest degenerate I know.
SDSU BYU?
Really?
Show to night!!!
pc4pc?
Chest up, eyes up, prayed up.
Blessed to be on this wonderful earth for another day.
Everybody have a great day.
ask us about our free NATURAL STONE CARE GUIDE''
the comments are interesting; i love that the proceeds are for library diaster relief!
sweet!that made my day...knowing that i'm making other peoples' days
Hi Gary, good to meet you, too.
I have checked out Sapphire Star and even submitted to them.
Best of luck with your writing.
it definitely has its pros and cons!
haha
I'm crying over Steve Jobs' death.
That's not weird, right?
nice job Hubert.
Brewers just scored three runs on a single hit2 walks, a HBP, another questionable paly in the field and a wild pitch are to blame
Congrats of on being named the Most Outstanding Sorority President Award at Order of Omega Awards Banquet!
no bad wbu??
Just cut in a Wilhelm scream for a WW2 film I'm working on, Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed.
I hope it makes the cut!
Next week!!!
god has plans for each one of us, that's why im handing the steering wheel over to him : god is great!!!
Hey guys, we hope to see you all this friday in boca!
We're opening for , , , ,  !
No doubt.
Think it is easier to get to Charlotte from NY.
It actually takes less time:
True story: D'Brickashaw Ferguson wore a business suit during his NFLCombine team interviews.
A job interview is a job interview.
hahahahahahaaaaaa I hope she falls and breaks all the bones in her body
So wrong and in so many ways.
Love it!
They are playing MustSee TV theme songs on repeat and I know them all.
I have no beef with vegetarians
Nigga asked me if I'm in love  no.
But I love him there's a difference :/
Make sure you check out our mascot Dwain T.
Pipe  the Tucson St.
Patrick's Day Parade this weekend.
Nobody's cooler than Naughton's!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
If you aren't paying for it, you're the product.
omg my child tweeted that shit ive gotta lock this phone before he embarrass me lmao
Weekend I welcome you with open arms!
Enjoy it, friends!
They tend to go way too fast
The awkward moment when u propose 2 a stripper,  she reminds u she's a Stripper  was just using u.
Doing oneshots this week for education, business, speech path.
Prepping for nursing, kids lit, more Ed and sp next week.
alright, i can also set up a new meeting and you can call in using a UK, would that be easier?
Only 6 more hours..
LET'S GO PACERS!!!!
Ohio AG Wants Foster Care System Reviewed  WLWT Cincinnati
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!
Remember to give thanks to all our Military and say a prayer for them.
Had to tweet that
You got it!
Let us know if you ever need us for anything
So I saw the tupac hologram......that's not a hologram!!!
That's Tupac.......I'm sure of it 0o
Blue  Purple
Such an amazing Easter weekend thus far celebrating the greatest sacrifice ever made.
Get to a campus tomorrow.
Sunshine Pilsner is one of my summer favs.
The best use of a personal foul ever!
Green Bay is shook
Still have not gotten that text.
Michael better text me or I'm gonna have to text him first.
It 5:45am and I'm sitting outside of work because I'm early...smh it's too early and cold I should've grabbed some coffee
I hate the spurs
Streit with a tricky little shot that Turco stops.
Mottau shoving with Niederreiter after the play.
New car, muthafucka!!
:
Good morning everyone!
Never thought Transformers;DarkOfTheMoon Would make me cry.
Off to the Hoboken International Film Festival awards gala to see if there's any appreciation coming out of the HIFF constituency.
Wow great job ruining Mother's Day for her
There are worms in my fridge and crickets in a bag on my kitchen counter.
Welcome Flash, our new geeko.
RT : Hey family, save the front parking lot for our guests tomorrow, please park in the side lots or around back.
goinng 2 bed Rushers any good night tweets?
Check this outGetMotivated.com.
Chicago seminar with Brian Tracy,Zig Zigler, Mike Ditka to name a few.
Keep smiling.
Oh sowi.....u shouhld a mentioned me single
Here Here!
just picked up pizza.
I love pizza.
This may be the best day ever.
I get paid to eat and tweet!
Everyone come  shop with us here at Northstar Mall anyone that comes in today  follows us on here gets a DISCOUNT off anything ManagerDina
What do y'all recommend I do with my last five minutes alive before my wife comes home and fucking kills me?
4/21: Gov.
Perry Issues Proclamation for Days of Prayer for Rain in TX.
9/5: Catastrophic fires burn thousands of acres, force evacuations.
Wanna watch the titanic 3D ..
Deff gonna watch it soon!
is watchin a mama  2 baby deer in th back yard under th apple tree they luv th tree blessings :
Amazing that in AFA's 13 years in the MW it has won 5 conference titles  2 of them by men's track this year
Dear japanica why do I bother with your horrible service...
Oh yeah your sushi is good
Oh okay.
terps just own wolf pack, somewhere rivers is crying
This is why we have rain jackets.
RT : Such a lovely day for the staff picnic oO
It's in the works, along with several other projects.
Stay tuned.
Thanks!
The moment when you're debating to go buy redbull then open your backpack to find a giant can waiting to be doctornk
you just
What is Shakespeare in the Streets?
New event?
biber follow me please please follow me
S/O to me and momma!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Momma!
;
Thanks to  for the follow!
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Good luck to the COLTS this weekend!
Don't forget to check out ask well!!
A toilet paper commercial just recommended discussing their product on facebook.
Social media is depressing.
Was this close to booking Tosh.0, oh well, on to the next one as Jay would say!
Yup.
That looks familiar too.
Tho my standard practice was squeezing it out through the straw like a fountain.
The cove, born into brothels, food inc., bully, all examples shown
When you try to feed someone something they're allergic too.
Without knowing it was what they're allergic too until after.
Thats why no like
Not looking forward to this photography exam
This file cannot be opened because it is Kurupt.
Jumping in the convo now.
Catching up and learning from these points.
Great stuff!
What I need from you is understanding
Exactly How to Lose 30 Pounds in 30 Days  coming soon
Depends what parts of Tokyo.
In my old master's neighborhood, you couldn't walk down the street without being attacked.
:P
haha I play u 1 on 1 anytime anywhere
umm, relax?
At least for the summer
do you book group travel ?
Good Morning Ms.CHACHI
Happy Birthday to my Brother Kevin!
It's cold too.
Your natural fascination advantage reflects how you naturally succeed and persuade.
What are you currently doing in your career?
doctor Giedds poses question: can u be addicted to the Internet?
Diff cultures approach differently.
Given my recent press coverage, how did I not get an invite to celebrate Roswells42BdayFavorites!?
refreshing the fedex tracking page and seeing that its in your city but wont deliver for another day
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Zora Neale Hurston
As long as there's something to see I'll see it with you.
As long as the days can seem we'll find something to do
It's the First Day of Spring!!
How is your salon going to make the best of the warming season?
playing baseball with no effort or passion is a crime.
The Red Sox are guilty.
I have way too many people following me and I'm not following back.
My bad twitterlings.
Following now...
Keep reading about multiple versions of Windows 7.
When will MS get it?
We need one consumer/business version  149.
Make MC a 99 addon.
I will get the best tan ever this summer.
Kanye West is the only one that can say Good Morning  10:01
follow me :
Im doing great Alana how are you?

Thanks so much for coming on the show!
:
What is there to hate?
can you handle the raider rash?
OU couldn't?
Shes as bright as the Dallas sky, she always holds her head up high, she loves the company of her family.
not bad I'm a a big panik fan ...
Wasn't rashaun Dixon doctorfted in 08?
: Darn : all I want it for you to Tweet me lol good luck!
Start using DuoView digital xray for as little as 120/month!
Contact Dan  9156089 or , today!
.
My apologies.
I was too busy being wildly successful to get back to your tweet.
I'm sure you understand what that's like.
my brother once was painting a house slipped and just about got hung by them.
I would say no ouch 
Spring Break is here!
LDCM is open every day next week, MonFri 9a4p.
Make your vacation an exciting, interactive, family experience!
Guess who is seeing in february?!
This girl is!:
If you'd know where it was, you'd know where it was.
Grandma...
smart lady.
I'm going to steal that from her.
needs to come to ny asap!!!
Can anyone share a good assessment tool that help measure recidivism?
Jersey Shore in 15 minutes :
Alumni Basketball Challenge tonight.
Very fun event, this year's alumni team should be very strong.
Let the fun begin  7pm!
it's a beautiful day in tennessee!
why am i still in the car?
Thanks, Lauri!
Has a nice sound to it :
Put more cherry lip balm on!
kiss
RT : If I don't know you  you're asking me to do something for you for free, please don't be offended when I'm not flattered.
The new site is beautiful.
Yep.
Easy install.
Slick experience overall.
Account linkup felt like magic.
So far so good.
That looks like chaos, calm everybody down.
U all Deserve a good time!
U look fabulous.UR in my prayers  I LoveU
Throwing my favorite sister my best friend, 1 of my soulmates, a kick ass bachelorette party tom!
Shooting with
Should be an awesome event.
sponsors smbmad.
Robert Half Tech and
I hope this wish actually comes true
Thank you for having us on your Hometown Hotspot segment this morning.
True.
But I'm confident that every spiritual person has this thought when confronted with death.
: It is so great to say to yourself when things aren't where you want them to be!
It helps.
Not cool at all and are both good and extremly talented.so why competition??
It is a good thing my apartment is so small.
I don't have to lurch very far to retrieve necessary items.
idk cause id have to get a ride home sunday depending on when the game is..
they won't know when til Saturdays game is over
I'm at karaoke and I'm gonna sing buffalo soldier with a jamaican accent!!!
Aaron : 
Happy Mother's Day to me  just took an hour long nap!
May the new year be filled with love, peace and music for you.
Dont wait for a storm to buy an umbrella.
Start planning your holiday stories in advance.
For instance, Memorial Day is coming up!
so hepped up on multiple iced teas, doctorving back to Bmore.
You've got to label Breivik what he really is, a
Sucks when you realize you're not so different.
Never get attached.
see you later this week in Indianapolis!
www.nbmshows.com/indy
Watching The Ellen DeGeneres Show with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Having a serious heart to heart then i see  convo on here now i cant stop laughin wtf 3
delete this !!
I thought for a second you spelled soccer wrong.
RT : Dear ESPN, today is May 11.
We don't need to talk about Tim Tebow.
Lol the only place I find them acceptable is in the garden even then soo ugly
twitter just wack
Haha oh so you were a hippie then?
Haha jk jk, well I'm glad you're not a hippie!!
Omg...hurry up I wanna go home old man!
This is my pursuit of happiness :
yeaa ...
i need to get some money....
damn that's pretty sad, your grandma goes harder than you do
Went on a walk with S tonight :
Letsbringback the whole 80's look so i can go buy a jean jacket.
haha!
I like that!
Did u make it up urself?
:
RT : sayeth the physicists: There are no things, structure is all there is.
hey there bad ass!:
Entitlement Addiction  American Thinker
i am such a huge fan!
you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol33333333 i hope you see this, i love you33333333
Happy International Women's Day.
And remember, women are the majority.
Let's act like it.
Our good friends The Trophy Fire play The Great American Music Hall with doctorDG tonight.
Love the new tracks, Ben...sounding great!
Winter weather advisory but it looks like our sessions will continue as scheduled.
If you feel the roads get too iffy, call or text.
sweet lol i get TSA issues all the time.
strobes in a pelican transport case look like warheads and I transport a gun also
Watching Jimmy Fallon,  NOW realize why everyone said Indianapolis was so Friendly downtown, Alcohol was being served everwhere.
summer reunion party tomorrow!!
I better see you!
Awesome.
not sure if I saw you on stream or not last night.
What team were you on?
RT : Its cool!
Lol.
The team matches
Hi Terri, have a good night
My godsister does not have a Twitter account but just told me of 3 tweets of mine that made her laugh.
Is that not stalkerish behavior???
Spending some quality time tonight with my good friends Bolman and Deal.
They could've atleast got a better instrumental.
.
.something a lil more original
i love how totally gets me, and how when i say certain things to my bf he says crazyGFprobz 333
Jusg got home from school!
:
SURF: 23 ft  knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Offshore flow and mostly clean conditions this afternoon
digs won't let me connect to hotmail or a second twitter account.
what's up?
We're working on it.
RT : put some of that clear10 in Akron!
Hi publisherspage.
Hope everything is well with you.
I am very happy to meet your acquaintance.
Will get back after Tbreak.
I'll watch Attack The Block now
Thanks to Tammy Haddad 4 another wonderful White House Correspondent's Dinner brunch.
Later, the dinner ...
to see who is there to see!
Blue Olives at Badger Bowl tomorrow night.
omg if they are playin w me I will b sad
thank you very much
nw crossroads !!
Lol such a great movie..
Back when britney was still innocent
I love watching NBC5 sports Sunday.
Very funny show.
as funny as SNL.
HS TV live every Sunday night.
Not talents fault.
Technical issues.
RT : Hey what's the location of tonight's event?
911 Crawford St.
Suite 8
shooting a gun!
Ecspecially the BIG ones...lol.
Good job  good luck!
Have fun!!
:
Just as I thought I knew it from the moment I saw you are a fucking unbalanced disaster it's official....
I forgot how slow doctoramhost is to respond to help tickets.
24hrs and waiting.
Going to be a hot 96 degrees 2day.
Come down by the river in  check out the beautiful scene  get some refreshing Ice Cream!
HH when you get back?
I wanna hear about your trip!
ACstyle will be arriving in Hollywood next week!!
Get Ready for her Exclusive Single Release Party at Key Club!!
NEXT FRIDAY!
Fans love nonsequiturs RT : People don't want hints of things to come, just outofcontext dialogue  terrible Mad Men editor
For the most success you must promote your Twitter account
Let's start it right , 2nite, Doors open till 3 am, Check out the TOP SHELF Bottomlesscup, NEW FORMAT, NEW DJ's, see ya
There's not a lot of round and round to be had: Xerox is woefully underpaying its employees at that rate.
good point but for me it's only 24 years
well it's not anything online yet, just to another folder on my mac...
literally the button says publish and it puts everything...
My account was hacked o.O fasinating.
not really.
Dad, will you set up the water side?
Dude, that means I'll have to put on pants.
I need to get writing over some of my music.
find anyone else needing a video shot bro or a 2nd one u want to do?
letsgotowork lol
follow back please .
I love the smell of orange kush, but purplecstasypurple doctor reaks worse then hash, but hash gets you the highest yeww:
You are so right!
Picking up extra shifts at work when I should be studying 
Hyde SBE We will be there!!!
Tired of the shameless professorteering and the creation of an entire generation of Orioles fans who only know losing?
Follow
Happy my imdb record is finally getting sorted out from my namesake's.
Enjoyed borrowing his gangsta creds, but tired of being 6 feet tall.
very sad she is very much missed....
Hope those Bieber fans don't send you threatening Tweets if that's really him!
Guess I'm calling it a night, going to sleep  is not the move.
doesn't care about my feelings though 
Check out www.buywithme.com for super deals on pilates, yoga  massages at East Village Body Shop!
Vibrant Bean and Radish Salad and Fresh Ros for Memorial Day A recipe from chef Chris Cosentino's new book, plus a list
It had, for some reason, the highest water pressure of any hotel I've ever stayed in.
Hi Patrick, I'm blogging about SXSWi for Entrepreneur Mag, would you have time to meet up for a quick photo today?
Worried about you watching season 3 opener, so much stress, want you and fam to be calm and happy
I say 40.
He had no business moving up into MWP who was clearly emotional about the noncall on the foul when he dunked
thanks for following!
It's true GDocs is way nice...
do you use the whole suite?
I use spreadsheets and docs, but I've seen cool uses of forms too...
would you consider LI, NY a 'local' visit?
Am looking to book an author, would luv to have u, but too much  for overnite
who cares?
His acting sucks and he's a traitor
That's why we asked  I wanted to know what people thought vs.
what objective numbers showed.
Thanks Josh for losing my like 30 calculater during Eoi, testing yesterday..
Awesome..
seriously though
I feel so bereft when The Daily Show takes a break.
I question the timing of your announcement about Team Radio Shack.
That news couldn't wait until after the Tour de France?
No surprise that Chelsea fans showed their lack of class during the minute's silence today
WeWereCoolUntil you became obssesed with me telliing everyone we talked
Thankful for the extra sleep I got this morning
Follow Big Country he a beast n the UFC hes followin me he just might follow u!!!
he said iconic:3
it REALLY hurts ha
I'm having a hard time believing the Pittsburgh Trends list right now...no SidtheKidComeback ?
No MarchMadness ?
No SpringinMarch ?
Striving to solve homelessness in Miami, our shelter provides a safe transitional environment to up to 236 persons at a time.
I would be so much less happy without butter and salt.
Best of luck, very happy to have gotten to know your work.
Look forward to seeing where you put your talents next.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry I failed you.
There is nothing I want more than for us to be together.
: What does APUSH even stand for?
hahahaha this made my day
Since I was a kid I have wanted a music studio in my basement.
I blame Uncle Jessie and Uncle Joey for some of that.
Nothing still, even after sent me a direct tweet!
RT : that sounds like a bunch of BS, need to keep...
RT : It's a date!
Sorry, got distracted.
I'm in!
with a very nice round of 84.
Only 2 on the back 9
Thanks for all the retweets :
She's a foot doctorgger
Big Bill is happy to repay any FFs or RTs with a wellpaying noshow government job!
REALLY like this lineup right now
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Tonight was such an amazing night!
I met jaja, and emilio!
Love the choreos!
It was really chalenging!
:D
thank you so much!
I wanna go egg hunting!!!
Easter 
randomfact...doctoram books were the rage in Harlem in the '20's and '30's to pick a winning  in the policy game..they were sold everywhere
Shopping for the theme for tomorrow's aid station at American Apparel w/
Words cant explaine how pissd I am right now !!
Recruiting for at the graduate fair in Coffman hall at the
just saw stuff at target, was wondering what that was all about!
2 funny from my last posting r Rms Exec was nice enough 2 take off his belt  let our guest borrow for his meeting.
All about gst service!
na mate just watch the ticker online whilst I work.
The mega millions could have solved this problem.
Haha
This kid is weird.
kk i will tell him :
Long day with but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
We kicked butt with that project!
hidden hotspots where SWA flies would be great.
The things ppl should see but don't know about!
It's a little rainy but not too bad, bring a rainjacket or an umbrella.
I guess all of Seattle had ice cream cravings today  Full Tilt is packed like never before!
Good Morning guys!!
Those how follow me, please tell me so I can follow back!!
RT

thanks for moderating this great chat.
I'll be on the road next week, so will miss it!
well I'm handed to South Beach on Tuesday.
I'll keep a close eye for
Raquel finds useful teaching tips all the time on Facebook.
Soup and crackers time 
Rediscovering MOA's Highlands Steakhouse  Philippine Star
May 4th, mark your calendars for our FitFiesta!
This fundoctoriser will allow us to further our efforts for the prevention of
Who's going to Washed Out tonight??
I'm thinking a of starting a hits and misses for each month instead of monthly favorites!
Also doing a travel needs video!
Going to Vegas :
So tru wit his punk ass damn coach
i turn 20 in a week....damnn
Do u message back :
It's not going to doctorve real estate dev in the area.
That's my prediction anyway.
gurt2011:tshirts are very chic!
Get yours at the registration desk starting tomorrow.

What does it professort a man to gain The Whole World and lose his Soul??
Deep but so true.....
Dam, Justin Bieber is still a Trending topic, wtf!
how is that all the time?
follow because shes one of my main betchezzzzzzzzz
Is she breathing?
HONK Yeah, she's breathing.
Cost of raising a child in the U.S is 250k...my folks screwed out of a lot of money.
Gonna look into my legal options.
Ah like music to my ears
we can't wait to hear what you come up with at our Spring Fair.
Listening to right now...right on
Congrats to athletes Scotty Mac and Kara June for winning the Cap10K this morning.
Way to run!!
hey cousin I miss you
star on the move Leggo....
word to YOUR momma, homie.
Will check it out.
SometimesYouHaveTo keep your judgements  opinions to yourself...Never know when it could be you in the same boat someday.
Live  Let Live
SHE HAS A PICTURE OF ELEANOR ROOSEVELT ON HER WALL.
What a rad pig.
Fashion week in NYCHitting up The UPPER West side in a few to party DOWN...
Your welcome : 3
can you please site the specific text from the document that doctorves your public health concern?
Thank you
January is 30's or colder in denver ....
doctorss warm it's a icy time if year ...
Made me an amazing chocolate cake today : thanks brotha from Anotha motha .
ArtistCitizen question 1: To what degree have artists become agents of revitalization and placemaking?
Really eye opening to hear nurses from Australia, the UK, and South Korea about their struggles for safe patient care in their countries.
Some of the most generous things people can do are those which you don't ask for
Maryland Basketball is weaker today  thanks and Godspeed Gary!
Huntsman on military: At the end of the day there are families who lived through this.
thanks for sharing!
News flash we are now an authorized dealer of KOHLER generators for your home or business.
In Austinsurround cities how many teachers have lost their jobs in last months?
Let alone all over country, this is scary...
That's my Rice University!
All Fela, all the time!
b m.i.a sposed to b wrkn on dus music shit we need to get on our grind
Um, guess who can't wait for the next season of
Great to hear!
damn  igoogle revision broke the theme I've been using for like 7 years.
My start page, and by extension, day, is probably ruined.
Had a great night with and our families at Snappers.
Collin was down to a 6  200 ticket suitcase in deal or no deal and lost!
Great work guys thx
Half of South Florida homes sell for a loss according to Florida Assoc of Realtors
Excited to see the new Fantasy.
Nobody does it better than
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Remembering Sunday  All Time Low
The future's bright.
What they say is true.
But don't lose sight.
Time won't wait for you.
Yeah I guess I was wrong about friendship, feel so out of sight, out of mind...
: Hello
According to icar report, only 4 of college students value twitter for academics.
you're really dorkey in a really cute way lol
just lost a follower.
they can go play in traffic.
:
blowin up my cellular with tweets today..lol
got my eyes upon the cross, staying focused on my the Boss.
I've been working on a set of Spring Textures...Hope to have a few of them up by this weekend.
:
plausible, no way to tell for certain that !
0, unless the function f is known
Oh 9ers good thing this is preseason.
I hear ya.
It took a challenge from a colleague to get me to blog three of the ideas that have been rattling around in my head.
Wishing everyone a very healthy, happy and prosperous New Year!
glad 2 see he is running for fun and not because Allied Gardens has been neglected for years!
GAC top 50 of the 90s is only doing a little bit each day??
WTF!!?
: /
When u love some1 more then they love u maybe u'll understand y love isn't a game but a toxic waste ppl say it's good but I dnt believe it
u the only sis i dnt hear from
i love you both.
3
Ew Ron Jeremy.
Beating women?
RT Back to work!!
Second snow day.
Working from home.
Fun fact its halloween my sons name is owen hall his name backwards?
Hall owen put 3 gether?
Hallowen lol get it
I NEVER KNEW LOVE WOULD HURT THIS FUCKINN BAD
Leslie.
Why you creepin?
manage yr arks via EZID and the update the target url...
I...
Really want to be a mermaid.
Why does this 3 year old thinks she running something lol
watching Jack White streaming in New York is oddly exactly what I needed
Cool as a cucumber B
not a fan of the rib burger I got.
No good
you are so fucking cute just marry now ok
hypothetically ...
If the Giants, Eagles and Cowboys finish 88, who wins the division?
Trust the Instinct.
TapTyping 3.3 is now available on the App Store.
New: Inspirational Quotes lesson and a way to purchase all courses as one full curriculum.
Ill be in chicago in 2 days.
Cant wait!
Working with my biffles today...
This should be an interesting day!
Maybe we'll put on a mini play and act like a random customer.
:D
Last week, Twitter rolled out a major new feature: Twitter Lists
but you love me and that's what matters
Hey Bill how come you didn't come back to Ithaca when I was at Cornell??
Learn to trust, and watch and interact with visitors.
See what theyre doing, or what they want to do, then do more of it.
couch cushions all the way!!!!
Any iPad deliveries today?
Nothin' wrong with Wishin' and Hoping'.
he is not built to be a winner
Aww thanks!
Hope you are doing well!
At this rate, we're going to be trending soon
Nice!
I'll bend over...
That is hysterical!
everyone who preordered the limited edition prints and CDs: everything is in the mail!
Deep breath.
I might understand better if I was working on mine more.
Gold star to you for digging it!

I 3 You!
nce11A.
November: review your filtering...make it least restrictive
Season 2, Episode 1, A Scandal in Belgravia is my favorite.
Absolutely brilliant!
Dear Imani, everything is inplace for you to come home.
Please come out now
Thank you for your pcbw sponsorship!
Enjoy your weekend!
Honestly I think they're overrated but give 'em a try.
Their sample was a kimchi Reuben.
Missing a fam.
reunion that I wanted to go to.
:
Gatewood Galbraith, the smartest man who ever ran for governor in KY, died this morning.
Our thanks to the Last Free Man in America.
I love you man!
OMG I got VIP tickets to !
and I will be there!!!
let's get a plyo routine figured out first!
360 between the legs boiiiii
Stability in life is not circumstantial, but a state of being that allows our perspective and way of relating to create an inner stability.
Walking with dog :
I miss you 3
why not...
Let's get this trending
I've never wanted anything more than I do right now...and that's a teacup pig.
Someone please buy me one.

if only Twitter had scratch and sniff.
That pic smells like the intersection of NE 11th  Davis
set smoke to a huge ant with a magnifying glass
Have a heart that by no means stiffens, a temper that by no means tires, a touch that never injures.
Community outreach is critical to getting projects developed sheri Desson
And since I'm in a mood about senseless blackouts, no I'm not going to watch AZMets on Fox, even though the Cubs are unaffected.
I like Smokey too!
That would seriously be amazing.
I've been a fan for over 2 years and have been wanting to meet ya!
I'll preorder it now!
:D
thanks i like mayor booker he doing a good job my photo was is a promo
If you're using the MagicTan today, STAY doctor!!
We don't want any streaky lookin' costumes ;
Good morning guys!
Did you make it in to SUBWAY this morning for a BOGO sandwich?
domesquad for life
he's an amazing singer and a great inspiration
sounds good!
Ive been sick for a month .
still counting .
.
.No doctor , just theraflu  wtff !
In NYC.
Hit by a taxi cab.
I pitched a story about a scam targeting grandmothers using their grandchildoctorn's Facebook info.
Got a victim.
RT Sveum plans to meet with Epstein and Hoyer to discuss Volstad's rotation spot and potential options.
morning!
How's life?
Just updated to our festive holiday icon!
May everyone have a happy, safe holiday season!
Aloha Peter, Can we connect for tropical flower sales from Hawaii?
STOP the Beat LA chants, please
One Night Full Of Passion,, Can Give U A Lifetime Of Pain!!
I sure hope so!!
Watching theannouncement man this story is mind blowing.
Be 'Excellent' to each other...and...'Party Hard Dude!'
Thanks for submitting, Good luck with your proposal!
They say 50 is the new 30  not in age, in money: 50 is now worth about 30.
You should be!
They don't mess around!
RT : I might go to this RPM class.
I'm scared of all cycling classes.
Watching angelinajolie on right now.
Been waiting for this interview for so long!
Wondering if she'll talk rumours.
Headed out.
me n the roommate might be hitting up wolskis tonight
Zac Brown Band concert promos just added
Correx: Oakland County Commission makes final vote on DIA millage May 17, NOT tomorrow.
Thx!
looking good!
: Aries often are unwilling to obey or submit to directions unless there is a very good reason to.
They lead, not follow.:
Have a blast at HeartCamp!
RT Thank you so much for having me on your show today.
Love you both!
ow.ly/8Q6Ls
yeah, I agree, but that sounds like the Tea Party again.
Are you saying the internet shouldn't be regulated?
Thanks for serving on the review board!
Nice that I've met one of the judges at SXSW before.
I hope DC is treating you well.
where u
Im swervin out after I eat!
Good thing I have a photographic memory now.
When will you tweet details about LA
I  that movie!
Well, that was...weird.
Oh well, one exam down, and one exam and one paper to go.
thanks for the nice shout out for Bent Road!
Tonight I was informed that I am about to get absolutely everything that I want and then some.
I feel pretty good about this.
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 10:12am in Atlanta, GA it is 48 degrees.
High: 64 Low: 45
Cannot wait till tonight I'll post pics later
that awkard moment when youre friend says they got u a great Christmas present and you realzie youve gotten them NOTHING!
D: pop!
WOO!
Thanks my sweet scrappy paper sweetie sexy etsy sellin, elmo meltin mama!
The day has come for us to win the race.
sophsnowdogs3
I need to know the tour dates for 's tour!!!!!!
NOW!
I know I saw this too...
I was like..
I need to go on that 
Tell all the English boys you meet to go to Murray Hill Saturday night to hang out with
When i want to kick back with some tough music that gets me pumped u know i gotta bump the
I did!
Yea, the end wasn't really a big surprise.
My overall faves were  for sure!
omfg you're crazy boo.
I think you're so precious!
watching most daring these people fight over anything
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
Henry Ward Beecher
How's about April 12 or 13?
I'm the Magic Man!
Now you see me.
waves hands in front of face Now you don't.
Why are you doctorving?
Legit, I wanna go home and sleep in my bed.
But you're preventing that by doctorving freaking 55 in the 65
I'm thankful to all those who said NO to me.
It's because of them I did it myself.
Albert Einstein
Ready to go home..
One more hour
This Is What Your Future Home Might Look Like
I know architects like scripting for cool form creationgrasshopper scripts etc.
But PHP can really make BIM data do cool stuff.
Today's Flatbread: Pork Tenderloin w/ sun doctored tomato, spinach  mozzarella Soups: Creamy Coconut  Celery or RaspberryHazelnut Gazpacho
If you haven't been on 's homepage today, you need to go there  click on the zipper!
Prom is approaching ladies!
Book your appointment for prom makeup and hair today!
Call 3056699220
You're next indie should star this person.
Just a suggestion.
Hey, Best Bud xD
wish i was at the VMAs so I could see
Free my nigga
Looking forward to making it out to Palo Alto this week for the Stanford Mobile Health Conference.
Anyone else attending?
As a person that generally struggled with spelling as a child, that annoys the shit out of me.
fl attys  if at roi2011 lunch is on me and upchurch watson firm at frenchy's rockaway right after Nick's talk.
best fish in town!
you make me hard 3 ; thanks boo!
Thx 4 the RT!
U R correct!
Most of the growth in San Diego is attributed 2 existing families who remain in the area longterm.
really i bet...yeah there's no place like LA.
What you getting into when you come out here in a few wks tho
Not really.
Game of Thrones is starting out it's epic run like Albert Pujols started his baseball career
give a tangible help to a needy child today, before today becomes a wasted yesterday and the child grows to be a less productive adult...
Thanks man, new songs coming soon!
New show at !
Photography by Marissa Petrell!
Come check them out and grab some Froyo!
Officially obsessed with the new record Noctourniquet.
Can't.
Stop.
Playing.
lol na that's why they kept 8 fla, and Electro , but next season def
I love you!
Happy BDay to my daddy, one of my biggest blessings by far!!!
Since u were a NASH cop is that legal?
My parents own a biz, they disc what they wantbut not alcohol bizmaybe that's the diff?
had the Sweetest reward post20mile marathon training run 2day.
Choco cupcake from Sweet.
DELISH!
Just out of curiousity  Is there a website where you made the TShirts?
We're in need of some new merch!
;
Going to seeTheHelp hope its as good as they say.
Thanks to for tweeting the public humanities panel
Should be a good day today
I'm good.
In L.A.
April 58.
Let's meet up
Pancakes, indeed.
Pass the maple syrup.
Hey, that's me!
: Thank you for talking to us..and putting up with the wind/rain.
Really enjoyed meeting your traveling trio.
Not one usually phased by pop culture, but I've given in to reading TheHungerGames ..
Did you show him that new trick how you can make it smoke a cancer stick?
u cant look nasty and be a twerker ladies
Aww, what a bummer!
except that I'd totally do it too :
Sorry it look so long, but thank you for the RT a week or so ago.
Did you know one hour of massage has similar positive effects to the body as hours of sleep?
Looking forward to the semester end so much rushing around toll is taking.
Aw it's no problem!
I love supporting people and meeting new people!!:
Struck out at two record stores, no Shabazz Palaces RSD12 on vinyl for me.
sure will watch it!
this salt water thing lets just say me and the toilet are best friends.
jeep was that a car ad or a political ad?
Guy's Falcon basketball had a good season.
Good luck to the girls tomorrow!
GB relish Aussie water polo clash
headed to SMX in San Jose tomorrow anyone else going?
Writing 16s like internet child predators.
just remember if you get any F's in your exams.
it means you're fabulous:
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Here's a photo from the Philharmonithon this past Thursday our wearin' o' the green costume contest.
0.0 good joke i havnt met u yet xP
So, 2day i asked a girl in line  Starbucks if i could take a picture of her outfit bc i liked the colors, lol.
Thought of you.
:
I love this video a lot, okay
tweeting to yourself like a lonely lady
What's fun to do in LA with a friend from outoftown?
With all the holiday hooplah, completely forgot about CES this week.
Any predictions?
Keep hearing about ereaders, but...
let's get it changing the fuckn game!
my name is aj and I like to party
Loving Elle Macpherson's long, wavy locks on the red carpet!
Thanks to everyone who came in the last couple hrs  took advantage of the 1 scoop special.
Shhh we let more than 5 people in on the deal!
A Chanel sweatshirt is still just a sweatshirt.
Bulls following out of it tonight?
Or can they get the win?
And the First Lady is not fat by anyone's definition.
...why you betray mi?
el Awesomo es full of fun!
refollow?
DMoney
Wow.
I gotta contact RuPaul.
Fortuna Foothills would make a great SoCal doctorg name.
it looks like my facebook got deleted once again..i hate this shit.
i dont think i'll be making one anytime soon..you can just follow me
Equinox Executive Director Ann Tartre will be speaking about our 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard on KPBS in just a few minutes.
Rented Happy Feet 2 and told kids it was penguin movie.
They both got mad it wasn't Penguin from 1966 Batman, which we're now watching.
Brewers return from the Pacific w/ 3 wounded men.
She'll bring out the best and the worst you can be.
Blame it all on yourself, cause she's always a woman to me.
Kamp Kizzy was so amazing I was inspired today.
Thank you so much for giving back to our young girls.
Lets make a clothing line....
And modeling company...
RT : : When little kids stare at u for a long period of time for no reason.only kids could make me feel so awkward
Sorry forr the last status, it was pedoctor
Do you wanna know how to get 21x more swag.?
Have be in your magazine21
Stars2Know is awesome!!
I wish I knew what I could do to continue teaching...
Lamborghini mercy, yo girl so thirsty
I refuse to be a consumer anymore ...
oh look, shiny!
Well soak it in warm water
What he said...
By the way you guys have a safe trip home tomorrow I need my new medicine all in one peace haha!
so where is my plate?
Believe me when I say that 37pm will be plenty of time to sample all the craft beer you can handle:
and thts an UNFORTUNATE side effect, everyone has to give a little to gain a little tho
I was gonna turn it, then they reminded me that Brad Pitt and George Clooney were coming up next....well played ABC, well played.
All men do.
Just picked up my books for worldbooknight!
I'm so excited for this!
Finished preproduction for tomorrow's shoot!
We will be taking lots of pictures for you all.
Happy new Year!
Success on my mind.
somehow, I've come far enough to follow a talk invoking vector space models!
cant make it tonight!
:
If u are experiencing attacks for no reason and you know you're doing right ,, the devils made cause you're about to be blessed!
Glad to find you here on Twitter.
Looking to get back into racing this year.
Say hi to Jim and Sue...it's been several years!
True love is when he holds your hair while youre giving him a blowjob
Chilies wit dinner wit boo.
Again .
Mental note re: future ...
Sitting by the copier is a social connection that makes work even more fun.
Not 43 min.
video but slides appreciated when time means everything
Happys not an action; you just feel that way.
Ambersunshower
Thank God it's about time already!
Alcohol  the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems.
Homer Simpson
Thanks for adding me to your list for Political.
OMG you are so lucky wow.
Yea i think you are pregnant now lol.
Well i'm glad you had a good time : you deserved it.
hello..
what up?
Just finished watching The Hunger Games :D
I smell Jews
ha thanks.
people are strange indeed hope you can brush off the unkindness!
I hate everything 
Definitely letter.
Elevators too!
Who's bigger?
Kelly clarkson or Adele?
I mean who's a bigger...
Star..?
Love is like Milk....it Expires
: You tardy for the wedding???
Can't wait til you have a show documenting your marriage : 143psh!
Never
when do you get back?!
JSB: What would grant challenges look like if set forth by American Academy of Arts  Sciences?
Need both HUMA  STEM
oh no!
At least you can't smell it on screen...
I, wrote a song, it is good, but a little to short, and kind of weird, lol
Parents are always tryna go in!!!!!!!!
Off to this Miles Davis Class soon...
thank goodness for that star.
now i can hang with you again.
the slow red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Feeling good...
ALSO GET READY MY MIX TAP IS COMING OUT SOON ;
Congratulations Susan S.
you won a 100 gift card to Famous Daves!
We will be sending you an email soon.
Enjoy!
great day for a tempo run yo ...
Where u at?
so you already are out of candy?
Dang!
You must not be familiar with what life is like in Philly.
The streets in many neighborhoods are already extremely violent.
We LOVE our Tweeps!
Show this tweet at the door after 10pm tonight and get a BOGO Admission deal.
: Scorpio's can doctornk more than you.
hell yeah martian status
Well, I wouldn't go that far ;
After 8 days away, spent much of 1st 2hours in office doing OS  app updates.
2 boots, 6 reboots.
Safety first!
well...
i can see what i can do...
they fancy a red head every so often
Watching my favorite movie
Come in and try our soup du jour split pea  ham.
Perfect for a winter day.
Tomorrows game the new expansion team Montreal will reveal the new logo for 2012.
Sorry for the hiatus we're covering a lot of amazing shows in the next few weeks with a new issue coming very soon!!!!
:
: You are not ugly.
Society is.
Nah, just kidding, you're ugly.
just came from that walk
You dirty haha!
You're the 2nd person to mention that!
But I guess that's the 2011, which I didn't get, sadly.
NEVER call a girl ugly
GU energy gel: speed for runners
On the way to the Magic Emporium to see Peter Pitchford
Is the Lurch Papa going to call into the show anytime soon?
6 SEO Basics every ecommerce site needs to incorporate:
ARG a terrible term and is at the root of a lot of confusionsuch as this terminologyoriented discussion!
Im getting vlado's for my birthday
You taste like cherry kool aid.
; I mean that in the most sexual way possible
Play dyngusday twisted trivia with next!
text me il explain
phew spoilt for choice!!
Was backroom any good?
OMG this is fab though, what's happening that it's open on a Friday?!
it's not worth hurting myself anymore man !!!
:'
It's My Daddy's Birthday!
Just Arrived In Spain!:
more on tha way!!!
I love yo ass like the ninja turtles lovin pizza.
I've never been the interviewee and I'm a bit wary of it, to be honest.
Can you email me with details?
nhusain14gmail
Everybody need to go and follow and hear her music it is amazing...
Riding the red line sometimes reminds me of a Hey Arnold episode with the mole man who lives in the tunnels.
Photobooth rentals for ANY event: Weddings,Corporate,Birthday,Prom,Church Party
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :
Essays essays essays...
and the fracturing of the Tebow coalition has begun...now if they don't get Manning, what happens???
going well!
How are you?
yes but I'm only working with 140 characters man and I got 2 get the touring bands at least
Nba players should start a bounty program to take lebron out lol.
my professorssor is actually a moron.
wrote a paper word for word out from sparknotes and got a 97
thanks for the mention!
TheBestFeeling Is When i get out the shower....i be like damn i smell fresh as hell
Hope everyone is having a great Friday night!
Retouching images from fitnessamerica photoshoots.
If you want to shoot, no session fee.
iPads  docents session was very well attended, everyone seemed excited.
Too cheap for iTunes?
Save  check me out on Pandora.
Don't forget Sun Jazz Session  3/4  Andys Jazz Club 9pm10
cheese and crackers!
: Who needs beats?
where they at.
np Rick Ross ft.
Nicki Minaj  You the Boss
To me, a punk is someone who says what's on his mind and who doesn't take no shit!
Rick James in Blues  Soul Magazine
I would seriously give up all my happiness for a lifetime if all my family and friends had ever lasting happiness.
Glad to see you on Twitter!
If u pick the right people to follow, u can learn a whole lot!
Bon Iver is a welldeserved Grammy winner and amen for him giving Eau Claire, WI a shout out!
RT  God is our refuge and strength, an ever present help in trouble.
Psalm 46:1
when i grow up I want to be like
I guarantee your gut feeling isn't all your own.
I def will once my twitter stops being retarded lol :
I feel like an old lady
Col.Gaiter my father saw action in WWII KoreaVietnam in watch on
rocking to the new Silversun Pickups
surprised me too...
Doing research for the last few hours sure does make your eyes hurt.
Ouch!!!
Might be time for a break.
its ok just stick your whole mouth in there!
No one cares!
Haha
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart
Zac Brown Band WOULD come to town the weekend I'll be in Illinois.
...Been back to Revive lately for some red velvet waffles and chicken?
Ok so I am winning an eBay auction for a new tt frame.
Anyone need a size small Kuota Kalibur?
I need to sell if I win the auction
I spent 6 straight weeks in Denver and that damn thin air up there ain't no joke!!!
I tried 2 workout  thought I was having a Heart Attack!
If you would like MCTS to contact your employer to confirm your bus was late you can call 4149373218.
Troubling FCAT scores spark emergency meeting.
See my story at 6am on NBC6
You can get a double like for bacon!
you're the one freaking out for no reason.
Why would i be jealous?
She's domestic now.
Domestically partnered, that is.
5K hitech jobs lost by politicizing the ATT merger.
Antibusiness government is antijobs government.D
askbriana what is your doctoram love?
xx
not true!
i was just teasing...
but I knew you'd throw out some sort of comeback
No RT : Am I the only one who watched loads of Justin bieber interviews then feel like I know him...?
you think mark cuban is about to crap himself?
Hi Kaley!!
Stopping in to say hi.
Hope you are doing well and that you're having a good week.
Take care.
Woo Hoooo sxsw here we come!
See you soon Brian, the first lonestar's on me
Please LIKE me......it means a lot!
do we care?
did we ever?
Just killed a tarantula of a spider with nine lives.
: you got me again...that's twice in a row...
posted via
Srsly?
All Of BC is rooting 4u RT : I enjoy how BC and BU fans think they are the only teams in

i suppose...
if there had to be an alternate to cheese .....it would be a Scottish accent ;
You keep Don Sheedle's name out yer filthy troublemaking mouth!
my life is so real, no Denzel, I cant act for shit CahOut
The office today RT : I can't tell if those are snow flakes or blossom pedals flying past my window.
aw, sweetie, I'd give you a hug if you were nearby!
Excited for CoSN2012 this week!
Looking forward to seeing examples of great teaching  learning!
I had lamb belly for dinner.
Hey!!
Sorry about yesterday!
lol but How is your day going so far?!
:
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
RIP gramps.
How much.
Undergrad me got her books and got out.
She didn't hang out in the library.
Yeah you did!
So did I!
I didnt know you had your license!
:
I've really been appreciating the small stuff recently.
Fly by and is my new favorite song : LOVE it and BOTH of you3
Water park all day.
Hai.
The use of that phrase I'll fully support.
one time I broke my toe by walking into a door
yep : How can I pray for you?
I've been asking myself this question for the last two years
Music expresses what cannot be said in words.
well if your out and about today let me know.
I'd love to meet up for a second and show you what we got.
Tonight I learned never to fuck with a shadow baby.
Day 4.
Roadtrip with my son.
Cares fade away.
NUMBER THREE: The street will not be closed, dontgo in the street, you don't want to get hit by a truck, that would be bad
HIT ME AND CANT THE FUCK FIGHT LOL
Is on my boat today
Fried catfish fillets halfs and homemade fries!
Pops just threw DOWN!
but the Cam is it Pitt!
: So excited for 3 x MN Ls in NYC!
You book your tix  let's get Bigg a map  Too bad the Cam isn't here!
Just because you study it means nothing, if you don't practice it you're wasting brain space.
It's an INCREDIBLE Friday here in DC!!
How are things where you are today?
I just heard a HORRIBLE ass accident outside...
Jesus!
Milwaukee police confirm hours later that 3 people were shot on 48 and Lisbon overnight.
1 is critical
OSC's todo list: 1.
Check Q Meter and make sure it's not too high.
2.
Test people's capability for cognitive dissonance.
LL Cool J  Going Back To Cali: via
it's going to be a long offseason...I just caught myself writing Magic instead of May
Your DPs look so beautiful, Cody!
Happy 90th birthday to the original Golden Girl,
Fry's is like the Ikea of electronics.
Yeow.
Not sure that smashing a pan with a better pan makes me want to purchase.
Kidney empty let early menopause appeared  Meizitang botanical ...
RT : Tayari, Happy M Day to your lovely Mama  congrats to you on choosing Silver Sparrow as his Pulitzer choice.
Just added those.
Feel free to list yourself under those interests now.
wow lol that's crazy haha but at least when I go buy alcohol I still get Ask I'd lol
Now out to the Nike store!
A woman of 35 thinks of having childoctorn.
What does a man of 35 think of?
How much his wife has begun to resemble Morly Safer.
BackWhenIWasLittle I would cry and not move if I got my hands dirty.
And my parents claim they never knew...
I defer to for the best inviteonly parties.
;
Conservatism based on the past does not doctorve our future.
you got this Jade!!!
One thing at a time, day by day ....
you know I'm ready!
A Review of Alain de Botton39;s Religion for Atheists
L is for the way you look at me O is for the only one i see V is very very, extraordinary E is even more than anyone that you adore can
for a stamp?
HELL YEAH!
Anyone else getting a Kettlebell workout in tomorrow morning?
Swings  thrusters for time is on my list.
i shud have bought that earring i liked at the shop while i was helpingtohoho
Everyone go Check out Ryter Gear Company.
they keep us clothed!
Two auditions today, applied for a job, moved my entire room into a closet, and am spending the night at LAX.
Must.
Stay.
Awake.
If you have headaches, numbness, weakness, pain down the arms  medication isn't helping, it's time to see a doctor Or get your
New Year's Eve will never be the same without Dick Clark
I fell really really hard on my leg and my took the full force of the blow.
Not a good way to go into the weekend.
22:46 I just prayed for revival and reformation in the Seventhday Adventist Church.
Join me 7 days a week, at 7 a.m.
and p.m.
bit.ly/erhT8n
How do you LIKE something on this thing?
I like your doctorcula's Lament quote.
Favorite song from Arms RT
I need a strong ass
yes...yes it should!
So, turns out I'm better at Wii mini golf than I am at actual mini golf.
grade my effing exam, accounting nazi!
She is doing a lot of dismissing today haha tellemgirl : Is ruthless in these streets.
She be going in
: Morning to you too!
: If you place your heart in God's hand, he will place your heart in the hands of a worthy person.
Iphone stolen last night at the gas station :/
It is oddly satisfying to be working on an excel spreadsheet, while listening to my itunes:
So sorry that happened 2u.
U need to file a complaint w/the city's community relations committee asap.
Will send u the link
RT : Getting this PowerPoint for done :
How many millions  do we spend to get Clemens?
OK.
We all know he did it and lied.
Enough already.
Watching the MajorsMinors Finale...I have the biggest crush on
The reason for the difference is how a man takes his steps
I followed her
I love the color palette of
Why yes he is.
RT : Had a fantastic brain storming / marketing meeting with the great today.
He's all sorts of brilliant.
You couldn't even do a half.
Shutup.
Calendar says it's still winter.
Wore shorts and a tshirt while hiking and worked up a sweat.
Hope that's not a bad sign for a hot summer.
Hoping friends in Kansas are staying safe and away from severe weather.
is watching the replay of TUF even though they keep playing commercials that ruin the outcome.
too bad it was all a lie
hahahhaah u guys are STUPID!!!hhahh 3mins my AHOLE!
Still haven't found a book on telepathy but did find one about lucid doctoraming.
Very interesting stuff.
Potato sausage today!
Delicious
their obviously the worst stores ever
And I didn't shoot Henry Miro either..he got himself in trouble with income taxes in 1932 and was sent off to prison very much alive..
Good on you.
That is very exciting.
Walked right past a skunk on sidewalk right outside apartment.
Was shaking its bushy tail at me.
I ran.
So what happened to such and such
take the hint, gain some respect, and stop embarrassing yourself and our fraternity.
I said I will, so I will!
x
The power of unplugging the xbox on a teenager until further notice or compliance with household rules cannot be underestimated.
:
Tornados have all ready been reported in TN  AL.
HIGH risk of svr storms  tornados continuing throughout the day for those areas!
Like C3PO, but less charismatic
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digggaaa.
Skill Share Fair this friday 46pm at Pratt Manhattan.
Everyone welcome!
FF to the gals from the Dude
Tell President Obama and the FDA: Its time to Label GMOs!
Please RT Obama label GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
Good Monday morning to all you beautiful faces out there!!
Hope you're getting your week off to a great start!
Let's get it in gear!!
ESTA NOCHE Come out to !!
doctorss to impress and dance all night with SOL CARIBE!
But he agrees with him!!!
When is your segment?
Want to be sure to watch.
Will it be on the internet by chance?
Congrats!
Really enjoying the PATINS workshop.
Great stuff!
let me know how it is!
Hope you have a fantastic weekend as well to finish it off!
:3
FF some of my first followers!
aw /3 im so sorry :l
I have been waiting for Jessica Sanchez to sing this song since I herd her voice soexcited Praying she pulls it off
I'm excited too!
lamestafftweet :
Kiev airport.
Good times.
Sad to leave Israel but ready to be back on American soil!
Cool Blog!
Stay tuned for the release of our website.
Let me die young,or let me be forever young.
Blahh the hills until my insomnia goes away and I fall asleep
Letter Writers are writing merrily away.
I am sleepily grading papers.
2 done, not that many left to go.
Went to Applebees with the church family.
: good times
That would be TwistedLiam, which you are.
Why else would you be in ?
;
60 of users expect a mobile site to load in less than 3 seconds.
wow.
haha hate our lives
Playing a few tunes for at Pleasant Hill Baptist Church in Cville, KY this morningBH
All MacMedics offices are open today.
We've been getting a ton of phone calls asking if we're open.
Liz defines flawless.
Her amazing voice  beauty  talent inspiration is what keeps me going.
I will never stop supporting my rolemodel3.
Biiitttccchhhh  This weekend blew donkey dick.
emorydisc Georgia Tech researchers developing glasses connected to iPhone to deliver realtime captainons.
Arrive in style, be safe, take to ATasteofFashion tomorrow evening.
10 off to and from the event.
Client meetings all day.
Baby with 39;bucket list39; dies
Thx!
for the follow.
need last minute vday help!
On Adams present, should I write true love waits, true love lasts, or true love lives???
I woke up with u on my mind...
thanks for the clever promotion but you forgot to mention my razor wit and dashing looks
That awkward moment when pretty much all your friends are like a foot taller than you.
Have you tried purchasing a deal on your smartphone before?
If so, try again
I hate when dudes don't wash their hands after they use the bathroom...
Great point Smoltz.
Because the Yankees have three righties in the lineup, he can get easy outs with them.
Jeter and ARod who?
Total fantasy.
we were born to die
In Woodbine's 8th tonight, I like 2 Bluegrass Bear at 3/1 or more.
And now it is not snowing.
Shows anyone?
why cant men,meaning , ever put things back where they belong, it's easier to find things when u r looking for them!
Oh goodness...
that sounds todiefor!
I just might do that tonight!
I love how the solution to cities having no fiscal authority is to give them less.
at the shop
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: During a divorce, think long term.
If you leave the home, it might be hard to win it back in court later.
Reading SixtySeconds to Yes!
by Don Spini.
This is a MUST read for any person in sales.
me too chicka!
and i know :
nope it's all ages!
Woo Hoo!!
people worry to much wat others think if u have to depend on that u fucking suck and u fail in everything u do
Love god love others
New Costume Big John Wig
I don't know why there isn't a rain cloud over my head.
You still have time to plant your pansy plants for Spring Color
Obama racebaiting on Trayvon?
Get real!
His conservative critics who would rather side w/ a murderer and hate on Obama are racebaiters.
Leaven the dealership worried bout gas n not the price of the Whip Lol!
36 of people consider pizza the perfect breakfast
Thanks for the retweet !
You are very welcome.
Does Metro Lexus sponsor or participate with any groups that promote entrepreneurism in NE Ohio/Cleveland?
Livin Young  Wild  Free :P
saw a certain story on this morning.
: and in WHOO HOO!
I hope not.
I get so many DMs I try to talk to everyone I'll get to you tomorrow33
This Justin bieber being a baby daddy thing is really stupid.
Just sayin'.
Womp womp, RT : Chipper Jones will have arthroscopic surgery Monday to repair torn meniscus in left knee.
Clients remember successful projects and unresolved issues.
How do you want to be remembered?
Yeah Chesapeake and McDonalds are gonna take ovoer the world someday
I'd give up my seat for a woman who clearly knows how to start metro parties too.
Squawk!
Nope, never  the piggies are quite sneaky!
RT Chirp!
Do you ever feel sorry for the piggies?
Fun  We're Not Young: via
For those who are working towards your goals remember the ones who helped you when other didn't pay you any attention
Off to my first final of grad school
yes you already kno
Giants won!
Are you mad?
;
after a yuck day of paperwork yesterday  we'll be recording acoustic track today with
thanks u dirty slut!
Galaxy Gold: the color that makes absolutely no fucking sense for the Emerald City.
Digging the sm video and the panel.
I need to tweet more
For those of you who have been following along I just want you to know the punchline: the sprinkler is still broken.
Happy Easter!
Eggs symbolize new life.
The Easter Bunny recalls the hare, the Egyptian symbol of fertility.

That quote was from a review of Taylor Walsh's history of open education.
Do you buy 's argument?
oer
RT: can't BELIEVE NV has become such a political hot spot.
If Sharon Angle wins, NV is officially the Mississippi of the ...
Had a great workout this morning.
Missed you !
At least 3 people looked at their watches and said ...aren't you late??
Legally Blonde is on but I need to go to sleep.
Thanks.
Right now I give the edge to EC, though I'm not sure how much I'll be listening to it in, say, 2013.
woo.
speechless ;D.
SO cute.
Good we can make an ass out of him again!
Love is like a rainbow: the more you see it, the more you realize what a miracle it really is
funny We can construct a paco weapon at work and use it on
New York city here I come!!!!!
Hey all!
What's happening?
I can help you with that.
:
recommendations on where to publish poetry online?
Thanks for helping spread the word!
RT Yay RT: Great news: Ford Foundation is funding Half the Sky game on Facebook!
oh ok...well there was one in Manhattan also xD oh well, how are you?
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give happiness
Seriously.
Too many nuts out there.
RT : So when did it become open season on cops day!!!
This is insane!!!
I know it was douchy to retweet that but....ugh.
i guess thats just another UnatrractiveThingAboutMe thanks !
Cabaret opening night!
Nice.
phew done  it was good :
People don't look at Applebees  say no b/c it's IHOP.
They don't know it's owned by IHOP.
Only 9 Likes away from 150!!
Who wants the free loaf of delicious bread?!
:
whitepeoplesayings Today I cashed my paycheck
Finally set up my Ping account, should blast to Twit, FB, Linked In, Blogger and Paralegal Los Angeles.com
very possible!
thanks for following.
Used you guys for our kitchen remodel.
Awesome jobs, we get lots of compliments.
What's my best resource for learning about Wisconsin demographics of mobile users?
Would You Mind Helpn a Nigga Out?
Or Wud That Be A Prollum
He wants 68 pages?
Bitch, you got 9!
My Quote of the Day  To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others., Albert Camus
Shame on you kid
I did but she was confused about a coupon so I gave it her anyway
RT : I think you should hire Madonna for your video to sing material girl doctorpe scarves aroundFAB!
Call me
Pilot for alumni access to JSTOR expanding to 20 more institutions.
I know nothing about AV equipment  Neuwave made it easy.
Better yet, his team was fast,clean,  professorssional.
D.
Kornstein
Steak and lasagna for an afterschool snack  
Don't take this as an insult, but I originally read John Taylor Time as Jonathan Taylor Thomas and was worried for you.
Important medical abbreviations shouldn't be allowed to stand for more than one thing.
Congrats Man!
DAMN I MISS ME XBOX360
yeah we all really wanted Richardson here.
Excited.
I'm loving the changes, So clean  modern!
Girardi would be a real manager if he had the balls to move Jeter down in the lineup.
Club promoters have the easiest job in the world...they get paid to party
I'm delirious, I meant 5 hours.
Terry's book, Bloods, should be required reading for US history classes, not just African American history courses.
Ok this might be a dumb question but what's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
already watching!
you look lost.
You're on Pine ;
Thats all she wrote!!!
But I am le tired
nice clicker
sleep what 4 hours a night?
In the gym throwing weights like am mad......
why is it that the things that taste, feel, and look the bestare the worst for us!!
Thanks, guys.
What special plans do you have for mother's day?
And a Happy Mother's Day to all those special ladies who mean everything to us!
Hurry up and get your work and errands done so you can watch the Grizzlies smack around Flop City all the way until midnight.
I think there should be some policy guidelines.
you're beautiful in every single way.
Luck him who deserves you :
The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.
Maya Angelou
Atlantic  Pacific Real Estate Named to 2012 REAL Trends 500
keepyourpantson unless you're hot, then you can take em off all the time for me ;
: no new years resolutions ..
juust higher goals for mee to accomplish I agree
GOODNIGHT!!
Can we get WantedWednesday trending?
Looks like my office desk has transformed into my second home.
stay safe!
Heard these could be doozies
Little miss is stirring?
Z's little one.
We are trying to wean her from the once a night bottle.
She's very fond of a 4:30 bottle and 5am
I want to settle down with a great guy but I'm still enjoying dating and having fun..
owiieeee i like your name ;  3
Me Too!
There freaking Hilarious, !
Food, playing and watching football, shooting skeet, gestures
Wait, what?
New bow tie design from marilynn selling at beau ties of Vermont called Playland
strawberries are dope.
What clubs were you a member of in High School?
Are you still interested in any of the same things?
So what is your guess on what's in the box?
Corona is a great summer time beer!!
i dont remember the last time i was on here!
EVERYTHING has changed!
i miss this website so much and the memories : ILY3
Thank you for the RT!!
Car bombs at the clipper sound very appealing right about now....
I know that political differences in Goshen have been spicy in the past, but this level of dirt throwing seems different.
Big thanks to our guests: Clearly From Negligence, Cruelty Free, MoChester,  Tommy Gravino  Shelia Tremble!
wouldn't be surprised.
there has to be a way to keep it clean though.
Strongest Proof Release show Saturday Night at
Yea my feeling hurt a Lil but its cool so if u want me to stop texting u or calling u just say so I promise I'm try my best not to call
Omg, mikey!??!?!
hay.
whats your favorite song?
Feeling out the water....who is wanting a NYC WWMC seminar in January...or February?
Talk to me!
Developed core competences to guide Interprofessorssional education
As for TeamXTina, I think you're trying to lose.
How in the world do you think that Lindsey is even remotely good?
she SUCKS.
Play like a Raven on Sunday Night Football GO RAVENS
My body feels like it's been run over.
:'/
Lol!
Watered down
I remember when me Dieyna  Derae seen this couple having sex by the lake..but it was pure daylight outside.
People nasty
Have fun!!!
no worries, you'll be fine :
God is with me pahtna, aint no one for me to fear
Just ate Kelly's for breakfast...
Omg so much fricken food!!!!!!!
Cast outing to Bohemian Beer Garden in Astoria, Queens 9/23  Let's dig into some Czech food and beer together as we mix  mingle!
Well in that case...
RT Few industries produce lower ROI than tourism
I'll be on in a couple of days!!
that's easy!
The guy in the background is wearing a Donald duck Tshirt.
Leading edge of
MT : what kind of Acoustic musician does need?
We know GeorgeBanda amazing classical guitarist
Newark Master Plan Meeting Please Join Us: Fairmount and Westside Martin Luther King School 108 S.
9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17
7.
Archive it yourself.
Tips from library of congress.
Good morning...
Fk the Huge ad on the front page  now you can only read 10 articles a month?
Bad long term digital strategy.
100 not likable.
i know i'm annoying you and all, but i heard if i tweet you alot you'd follow me.
how about acquiring pence to generate some more offense?
Really looked like it was going pay off.
Sigh.
She give me hot head, I call it global warming!
hey coco please watch my video on YouTube called forbidden hunger by marco1122 let me know what u think your fellow bostonian
If Chris Christie does run as Romney's VP, can we call it 'Mitt and the Fatman'?
The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife
I think I'm getting sick
Success is not just for a few.
It's for anyone who learns the laws of success and applies them.
Just boarded the Barge Boat like Danielle says.!
Asian carnitas for lunch today Come downtown for the best 9 lunch around!
AeroVironment, Inc.
Looking forward to what you guys will come up with next!
And Us Are Killing It In New York Right Now!
Urock Concert Tonight!!!!
Prhps they should've sent Christie a box of eclairs along with the legislation, in order to distract him.
what the heck in going on in the student government at AU?
LOTS OF POLITICAL NEWS/RUMORS FLYING AROUND SO I'LL LAY OUT WHAT I KNOW...
Third times a charm
u love that guy
awesome thank u so much!!
I think wrote every song about me.
Do you know that lack of adequate sleep can contribute to inability to lose weight?
YEP!
call me daddy
What would you rather be doing right now?
RETWEET if you have less than 10,000 followers!
Follow   and she will get you up there instantly!
In Brooklyn about to check out this Weeknd show.
I need to teach you how to sense sarcasm haha
Inaugural PCBW is in the record books!
Mark your calendars for the last week of April 2013 for another beerstudded week of fun.
Had a great Voice Over read with CD Janet Eisenberg yesterday.
Really cool lady...
RT Today is the day everyone who has been predicting the death of OWS discovers just how wrong they are.
Miller says he and Tebow were friends, so change was tough he misses him, but he is excited about Manning.
My pleasure!
Me 2 the guy looks so healthy.
lol, she is so annoying.
Have some respect for the other teams, the other coaches do.
bitch what u doin
of all the Fridays...
goodfriday.
Sing my h bro
el paso
A new spider flower, without the ick factor
The cost of college  keep it coming, Obama!
Stop the interest rate on student loans from doubling.
YES!
A new and likely tweeter that we personally like: !
Signed, sealed, delivered  I'm yours Dallas ISD!
I just love Robert Downey Jr.
so much omg.
My issue is that complex analytical procedures puke out TEI code  so favor plain text over rich humanities data 1/2
please follow me plz
you need to stop fighting with jess its immature
Welcome..RT : n/f
does this count for iphone 4s?
if so is there anyway to pull shsh off a factory install that has been jailbroken
Isn' it great when you thought you knew somebody and then they completely screw you over in the end, leaving you hurt and confused?
I'm having fun buying/selling things on the  so addicting!!
Check it out, find me, MyDivaAddiction.
That moment when your Friends Are talking about what they want for their 16th Birthday  your not even 15 yet.
:
hm 3 points last night, best QB on west coast huh???
DLS for life!!
If your website only has one page, shouldn't the bounce rate be 100
Yesterday I had no internet in my house at all, and this morning I'm woken up by my ipod with all the notifications I missed.
Lights just went out at chilis....
Boring and whiny is the worst.
But why do we want this?
Hey there!
Are you coming to Vegas w/ the family in June?
Hope to see you!
We are having an Earth Day Evening event here in the community garden area this Sunday.
Books, music, fun.
See you at the workshop this evening!
My next roadtrip: I just accepted a friends invite to stay at his place In Austin, TX during sxsw.
Im very excited to go  attend
When a Brotha is seen with a White Chick, he's a Sellout..
When a Sista is seen with a White Man we need to Stop Hating!
0o
I have accomplished so much today
I'm pretty sure I threw an open mayonaisse packet during the Smashing Pumpkins set.
17 year old me was a dick.
Um my little Carmel sister, I miss you!
Text mee:
ala11 Can't decide on first session tomorrow...RDA or automated acq
values not ability determine leadership success in creating change yet we teach ability not values.
Okay now it's too cold.2 more hours of hell!!
Happy Anniversary Joe!
Reminds me that I only have 6 weeks left.
Kind of sad.
Enjoy your time, it's the best job ever.
Big casting today.
Great crowd
Confusion regarding UK's home win streak.
51 games dating back to '09 W vs UNLV at Memorial.
True or False?
Great day in the fla Orlando 407 holla at me
Nice shots dude.
How 'bout an afternoon w/ SPACECAMP in BW.
Whereabouts are you these days?
Same big place w/ big back yard?
Hey Hon remember you got all of us cheering you on!!!
um up thinking of wayz to get rich other den the million wayz i know how dis winter is going b my summer MONEY 
You know imma be air in the trunk cause I don't wanna hear this
The night accelerates when you need it most.
Looking for people who switched from management consulting to another industry to serve as mentors for ..Contact me!
What the damn hell is in your avi?
And we flex all night, all night, like 90px
thanks for the recommendation ..good morning to you :
Time to spend more store credit at my favorite vintage store with
new tonight?
so do you.
RT You taste like candy.
bones yoga woman smokin cigarettes after nite time yoga session trying to keep it secret
This my time to stack my flow ahahah!
Great stuff, Maria!
waves hi
We're ranked 4.5 out of 5 Gold Stars on UrbanSpoon.
If you haven't had our food yet...you're missing out!
looks like you played a gaff Chord!!
lol hell yea young
Oklahoma is not Verizon country
We are less than 5 hours from the start of the NBA finals..
I have the lakers in 6.
Title number 15 in going home to LA.
ha, people either love it or hate it!
hope things are well.
Unknown Prayer gives us the opportunity to speak to GOD Meditation allows GOD to speak back to us.
well, is next to me so check his WaPo review tomorrow.
Come in  try our seasonal Raspberry AB Shocktop for only 3 bucks!
No surprise that tonight was excellent, thanks as always !
Joe wanted to book you in Chicago with Mully  Hanley on 670 The Score ?
long day after choppin it up wit da old school homies today in NS for like 3 hours was dope a lot of wisdom and knowledge and respect
You don't have your ticket for Faces of Hope Gala  Silent Auction?
Guess you won't get to bid on the signed Tebow football
Tomorrow is the last day of the first camps of 2012.
Campers...how's it going?
If someone asked where I'd like to be in five years, I'd say, Considering dicks on a porch with and 
How could you call yourself a TNA fan, TNA taping salready look more entertaining than last weeks raw.
Any bluey robinson fan's on here atm?
i call my twitter followers My Little Pizzas.
Monster rehab lemonade/iced tea or gtfo.
what's the exact addoctorss, ima put it in my nav
Great job last night, !
Congrats to Showalter!
RT no hard feelings ....
Cool, 2012 Apocalypse show on the Discovery channel.
If only they were playing Abandoned Cities in the intro, lol!
Your MIAMI TRAFFIC LAWYER is working hard to protect those with unwanted Traffic Violations
Awesome.
Was this the new neighbors, or the stonerwiththenewidentity?
doctorma, lies and tears.
Cheers to these teenage years.
sometimes i just stare at the speed of my downloads and give them moral support you can do it
I'm so stupid it's mindless
It's time for me to run too.
Got to pack up some packages to mail tomorrow.
Night everyone!
:
I partake in more than my share of Belgian beers.
I am a wealth of sampling information.
SAT AFTERNOON/LUNCH  THE SMILING MOOSE  5 YUENGLING PITCHERS TILL 9PM, TONS OF FOOD SPECIALS ALL DAY INCLUDING TEMPUA SHRIMP TACOS!
Nicely played sir.
RT love me some anne gibbons...
Same here!
Alas, real life is usually more of a comfort...MT : My fondness for postapocalyptic literature alarms me...
Making stuffed gluten free french toast for the girls.
Stuffed w dark chocolate.
Life is short.
We are females.
We need chocolate sometimes.
Never.
Again.
That's not a house, that's Sleeping Beauty's castle.
that red head pic u posted .
as you always say to me: Just doin' it to piss you off...
Romney's Superpac may run dubious ads; but his obsession with falsehood will eventually ruin his integrity  credibility beyond repair!
sure looks like the idea we developed
keepin it real since 1990.
EST forever.
Over 4,200 unique Mason users of Blackboard Mobile Learn in a little over a month after release.
We're thinking its useful.
99 are iOS.
Heard about that one this morning in homeroom.
Sounds like it was awesome.
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery Start your new puppy out right in 2012!
Call us for details!
S/o to u haters im gon ride!
glad you liked Get the gringo, I play the secretary!
happyhumpday today we want to know whether you prefer glasses or contacts?
Call it rachet, but I doctornk 40s and im proud of it...
Anyone have an extra ticket for the raw supershow tonight?
:
Help please!!!
4 pretty girls locked out of their apartment...how can we unlock a dead bolt???
We WILL be very loud in Nashville.
Trying to fill block of 200 seats You could win a trip for 2 on the bus.
bit.ly/oogMiY
part of the problem is that I have to use something that is free of dyes and fragrance.
; yeah, excited as hell to rock some Yashicamat 124G action.
Putting it back into rotation.
oh already made plans yesterday
absolutely...
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
A good example is a guy who doesn't wash his hair...
Totally not talking about
Thnx for the plainlanguage TOS,  now if only I could resize the txt field...
Yeah, me either!
Guess it is time to use that deal to check Los Palomas out...
:P
Go hokies....a little pay back
afternoon of waiting for this computer to process video....need to get that new Mac, stat
5 more weeks of the greatest thing in my life...then its over...Antioch band..Please appreciate how much time you still have and really ...
Looking forward to my first interview about my book JackieAfterO Tuesday morning on Boston.
Thanks
will carry us through in the beginning.
Most of the amateur cappers use twitter to post their
pipes lol RT someone call a plumber this pimp is about to burst
Thanks everyone for the Birthday Wishes!!!
Sorry for the delayed response works been a little crazy.
Good night twitter
Listening to discuss Brain Machine Interface at the DLD conference.
Fascinating.
I think I like him :
what does that mean to white supremacy?
Niall once had a doctoram that all the food in the world was gone and he woke up crying.
Good, I miss my mommy...
Jealous!
RT : It's snowing here!!!!
Hey now!
RT : ...at least the judge is super cute :
Surrounded by people who love life, you love it too; surrounded by people who don't, you don't.
Mignon McLaughlin
doctorver is still waiting at the restaurant.
Shouldn't be to much longer.
I feel terrible for Pineda.
for the Yankees, not so much.
I got u..
Ima put on for the nap
Keep entrusting your soul to the righteous judge on the throne.
I'm hungry.
This is amazing!
I love these!
I read your book  The BIG IDEA and its inspired me!
I have a fantastic idea but need more resources.How can I make it work?
It's Superbowl week!
Packers.
Steelers.
Who is your pick?
can you get me some tracks for the rotation?
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes!
that didn't take long Daddy comes home
whoa that is so hardcore.
THIS.
RT The Web IS access.
at AccessUsummit Says it all!
I'm willing good from the universe for you.
Lovin the live acoustic music at
You sure can!
Invite your friends, too :.
Details coming soon.
its taken me a few hours but i now realize I'm sunburnt
THANKGOODNESS FOR LIDS ON BEVEARGES!
almost had a situation.
Started feeling good, then the nausea kicks in
thank you :
I'm still sick.
Not getting Any better at all.
move back !
that moment when you forget to send a message so it just stays on your phone XD!
The fingers are the eyes of the body Uh no that's boobs...
:P
tweeting from my new Aspire One ...
Linux, of course!
Hate it that I had to skip the gym this morning.
I need the workout.
We have reached 600 Likes!
Thank you everyone :
I continue to be amazed by what is building.
They're leapfrogging NFC payments in a big way.
RT : Optimism is positive thinking lighted up!
Norman Vincent Peale  I love this image!
10BasicFactsAboutMe 3.
I only trust one person.
They out there play like champs !
LETGO
Still deciding on the Rammstein concert :
lol cause you guys go to my school right?
lol there you go assuming again haha
Hearing the name DEMI LOVATO on the TV in a different room  running to that room as if your life's depended on it.
Dont worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you dont even try.Jack Canfield
the funniest
And we gettin' blunted, what it do?
Yes indeed.
Bet I got some weed like Schoolboy Q!
I am loving the quality of FirstKick broadcast!
too bad Browns didn't pursue any FA WRs.
Time is already ticking on our 'rookie' QB.
Nice!
Love it, ladies!
Daily actions pursuing goals, career,  prosperity, will produce results like your body exercised daily.
SeanLetwat
I am going to follow all my followers but I will finish tomorrow bye guys
Hey Shawty everything cool?
full duplex arrow coming in ES7 '   ...
'.
then the twitter operator 'usrmsg' block indent specifies recipients
Robertson already blown save lol.
Many a dominant setup man floundered in 9th, was curious if Yanks were gonna keep him middle i.e Clippard
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof , like an MC at the fever in the dj booth.
In motion to the city...
howudoctorpit should not be like a bar of soap in prison.
you should not be filming during a tornado.
Go downstairs dammit.
I'm gay
Aw, give a jamband lover a shot!
They're good guys, usually.
Just tapped Victory's Prima Pilsner.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man
I seriously could wear my rain jacket everyday
Unpunctual people are the most annoying people.
time to hack it ; RT : i cant find my phone idk if i left it in your car 
I'm a genius.
First tip from Lori Fogarty: create a sense of urgency but remember your museum's history
We do need a trophy.
Should be something Vegasrelated, don't you think?
you wish they were
Second question: We've reported this.
It's around 120k but I'd have to refer to archives and on go right now.
Why do we need smart phones, it just makes our generation needy and stupid!
you talk so much crap, I'm not sure whether to offer you a breath mint or some toilet paper!!
agreed!!!
The boys in my school are ick!
I love your tweets.
Even if I'm too busy to keep up conversation on here many days, you always make me smile :
If you like to tweet religious stuff, please do me a favour and reply to my tweet so I can unfollow you  thank you
Are their sears for the concert!?
Nigga hungry as a hostage
and now I want one...story of my life haha
omg.
ToddlersTiaras is filmed in Indianapolis,IN myhometown.
YES!
You know it but Allen is a good guy to root for.
Why do everyone on da Royal Wedding look like extras for the movie..
Naria...Just waiting on a talking Lion to appear..
hell no,for it has blue check..ahahha...you're new in twitter so obvious..:
right though u know ur always welcomed over here, lol you are loved
RT : Purple Haze is a classic
So much tweeting!
Friday: crispy pig tail at the Bristol.
Saturday: Pork confit wrapped in bacon.
I need help.
they have Texas sassage.
Seriously, thats what they call it.
I'll be out in a few weeks for work.
I'll leave your sandwich at the Rocky statue.
Congratulations.
After two weeks of crossfit, over did it.
Whole body hurts.
Ah the joys of shifting in consciousness...
Sometimes they don't feel as good as they turn out the be...
YAY YUM!
Glad you had a great day celebrating :
Just ran away.
Yup.
Nbd.
Sick of this shit.
awesome!
Get ready to laugh!!
Right there with you
love getting fan tweets from
Has anyone suggested that MF Global could simply vaporize the missing 1billion with wrong bets using customer funds?
I'm on a money making mission.
Fall is around the corner...get your beauty on now!
Successfully doctornk a woman off my mind last night.
nothing listening to boyfriend and planning how were gonna stalk austin!
Lol
It is!
At least my dad is very accepting of all people and saves his opinion to spout at home not at people in public
U are so fucking stupid!
Haha.
Wait  where did you see strawberries?
Which farmers?
lol I feel like we're on the same part still haha :p
Frankrupt apparel mentioned in today, check it out!
Hearing about the incredible teen program Bringing the Leasons Home at the What amazing impact on social change!
Just made homemade ginger ale!
I'm never going back!
good to know that ill lose cell coverage in case of a real disaster
sonsofguns is on.
episode.
Can't wait for new shows.
The 9th Year is going to be my best year yet DEMONIC!!!
Glad they're showing NCS sessions in the GSLI lounge.
Currently listening to debate on 3: changing the membership year.
well fine bitch.
gopackgo Are you flipping between Miss America and Pack?
Insomnia, it's what's for breakfast.
RT : Shout out NEW follower 
Economic risks still top risk manager concerns: Survey Economic risks continue to dominate the concerns of risk mangers, according to a s
You are my man, thanks for your call!
not a subtweet or anything

RT : Guys' sleepy voices
Not weird; cool
u follow AP?
No one follows AP.
After reading, I want you to think about the words that come out of your mouth
Today is Earth Day!
What do you do everyday to help save our planet?
Waiting for world famous fried chicken in Memphis takes about as long as waiting for a Doug's hot dog in Chicago: 30 minutes.
Worth it.
I want hot tea and a nice pink grapefruit : meh!
Is it 11 yet??
Mehhh
You wanna know whos amazing and has the cutest smile ever?
Read the first word again.
:
Halftime is an Opportunity, not a Crisis.
Knock it out of the park!
So very excited for and their 11 nominations!
Congrats to cast, crew, and designers.
It's a stunning show!
Musicals are better than movies
Hello, My name is Bitch.
And I can Even piss A Happy Meal Off :
Peace begins with a smile.
Mother Teresa quote via
RT : In route to San Diego.
amp; Spin Nightclub tonight performing.
Got some beads at the Rod Run, for giving a really hot dude a hug.
He wanted a flash but I'm like hell no lmao
Mad that Raven being a lesbian is trending!
Smh
engaged over the holidays?
I wanna see your rock!
This is embarrassing so far Packers.
Smoke and mirrors all season?
This is to funny!!
XD
Haven't been to a crazy ass party in a while...
I hope their will be some end of the year parties!
Get well soon my friend
Twitter already sucks ass and so does
Ok my day is fucked up i hate shady bitches over a fucking dog ok really i hope she sees this to unhappy
Closing plenary at mcn2011: The Great Debate.
debate, There are too many museums.
4:00 Int'l Room
loved it!
But I'm going to be inconsolable for the desperatehousewives finale
no i got u
and then he shoots some shit like that to make me look bad
Made quota today now my director need to come get my ass
uuuuuuhhhhhhh.
I dont think we can be friends anymore.
Gold Star  Skyline
Thanks!
:D
great I ended up buying a ticket to fly back Monday morning Smh...
There is really no need for the air conditioner to be running in my office when it is 60 degrees outside.
I'm rich, mother fucker!
if the news I'm about to tell you doesn't make you happy I don't know what will But our shirts will be in soon
Watching hockey at ale house ?
Nothing worse than having to get up for class when your in bed and your room is freezing.
for the diet coke that is...
prwin, but only if it's all biz and not personal.
I think most of us have gotten coverage by tapping a I'm working on..
tweet
We will be playing at Channel Inn in Warsaw MN this Saturday  9PM.
Hope to see you there!
Bring your dancin' shoes!
For the next 7 hours swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Free Coffee For CO Gives Day
Wow...RIP Junior
Hey Girl!!!!!!
How are you and how's everybody?
It's been too long...
Call your mama when you're on the treadmill see what she's gonna ask you...
Thanks for the RT!
you need more pictures thanks pimp me
hi mister.
Hallice
RT : JMacUp We Love JMac's fans!
You are very dedicated!
Let's keep going  take Jesse UP!
Up out  MIDNIGHT TONIGHT ONLINE!
yea I watched the news
Keep your sustainabilityrelated questions for EPA Administrator, Lisa Jackson coming!
Use
Ans: The treaty of 1494 Tordesillas established a boundary 370 leagues west of the Cape Verde islands.
why would you say that?
Follow me
Highlight of the night: Jered Weaver singing Hit the Road Jack as he walks off the field.
So cool.
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to Taylor Swift!
No general meeting tomorrow.
Next week!
Love Life Rehab is in full swing....
don't miss this Sunday!
Two great things to celebrate at RIT this week, Congratulations to the Class of 2011  kudos to Men LAX Tigers!
Good luck on Sunday!
I like bit.ly for shortness and cleaner tags.
wants people to be able to read something from a link.
Finished a great Sunday Photoshoot with  look for our spread in O Magazine due in July!
I'm just going to try it once...
I swear
Work work work ya you know I got that work
But I like TheLakeShow chances if the BIGs give the effort they did tonight or during homes games all series!
I can't help that I am who I am , I can change but please don't make let me be who I am just once I wanna be me an have them like me for me.
yeah!
suPPORT!!!
Sounds awesome!
I'm watching the Caps game and Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodoctorck Rules, LOL I get compared to Rodoctorck LOL
Don't go see J Edgar.
While it is a good portrayal of the creation of the FBI..
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
Woody Allen
im dying laughing bc I hate automatic toilets as soon as I place da seat cover n turn the shit flushes so I know the feeling
Thank you!
sent via Pony Express
So, what do we think about the redesign?
thanks for tweeting about Livehoods!
: Some people lie so much.
They start believing they own lies....
lemke is from my city went to Notre Dame High School down the road.
class act.
Yeah...
after I hit Tweet I realized that it could read wrong..
Oh well...
Look for my informal reply to your formal reply...
Merry Christmas
did you watch today??
The Shadow Effect.
mindblown Hope to see you soon!
Xo
are you liking Miami ?;
7 days without soccer makes one WEAK!
Love me some football
It's hoppy, but I never doctornk their IPA so don't know how it compares.
It's a good beer.
and high altitudes ;
Lets Go Celtics!!
Don't put it off.
It was really good.
4 questions to ask for transformation 4 What are the results?
I'm tweeting you at 4:27 am cause I'm cool...
49 minutes til my Friday at work is over...
but who's counting?
On my last break trying ever so hard to chill my racing mind...
ugghh!
fanks me too c:
Thanks for the shout out!
Lance Armstrong Cleared, TCB I am gratified to learn that the US Attorneys Office is closing its investigation.
It is the right...
Are you here in Hawaii?
RT Man there so much good food in hawaii I can't stop eating...
Imma look like santa clause for Xmas
Erin Norman!
We have so much grattitude for your consideraten gift and action!
Hope this year is REALLY good to you!
On my way to !
Excited to see everyone out and about on this beautiful day.
Sunshine!
yea she's an avi jacker
that's besides the points!
:3
haha yes, he's my boyfriend.
:
whats good internet?
have u checked tha store lately?
;
the pilot came on right after it though so I was happy again haha
The economist in me agrees completely, the homer in me says Well, maybe we can spare it.
The homer in me is a sap.

haha.
well said
Okay, so GoodWife is NOT working out for me on Sundays.
I hate it!
They keep playing the shit half hour later WTF!
U say u love an respect her then dont hold her back from opprtunites an dont put her down just support her!!!!
Free admission to Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage Sunday May 6, 11 am to 5 pm.
At a technology networking event.
Never would've seen this coming a year ago.
she actually looks like a lil version of you aww :
Listening to my baby sleep
how do you get more things done in one day than you have time to?
west west west west but I'm from the south east so
But your girls are always fierce!
My wife just told me I feel like my head weighs a thousand pounds.
but I'm light headed too.
I'm not talking to you!
We haven't tweeted in a while.
Glad to have you back.
Feeln betta, I didn't care if I ever at again.
Had a sandwich tday n plenty of water.
Happy Easter twitterverse !!
sold out sir
hey lady...how ya doing
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does
Almost done!
RT : I have not missed doctorving in penn yan at all...
its so small, yet takes a half hour to get to the other...
Loving all the neon in stores right now!
Something about it makes me happy and want to spend money.
HM you got me again!
gonna try!
:D
I'm new to Twitter
If he's on my projects, I prefer he sticks around.
U could resort to that disguise we talked aboutthen u wouldn't look like u.
Interesting talk w/ psychiatrist today about the deep, difficult to measure benefits of SLPs simply being with  listening to ppl w aphasia
JUNE BRO.
JUNE.
It's just me, my thoughts, and some music...chillen
I love having an empty email in box!
It means everything has been done!
bout to do some stuff...then go sleep again...then do more stuff...
Never say hotie
2012 is the year of hollywouldnt
PRT : North Korea hyped their missile; Japan hyped their antimissiles; US hyped the threat.
All in all, a tragic comedy.
In cleveland
really?
They are all so bad though
RT : Students  employees of are encouraged to wear pink Friday for breastcancer awareness.
Donations accepted...
happy birthday:
Happy Friday on this wonderful StarWarsDay!
May the Fourth be with you!
I miss you to 
Let's commit the perfect crime...
I'll steal your heart, and you steal mine.
My sister is in the middle of the goddamn city on her bike.
Who the fuck does that?
Cooking a fabulous piece of Porterhouse for dinner and enjoying a 2 Brothers Seasonal Ale
both ugly.
The Mpls SWAT team is going to train at the house next door50 of them all at once!!
Who wants to come to my SWAT party??
agora SHA2012 multivocality and wiki.
Truly democratic vehicle for multiple and complimentary narratives?
knows what true love is all about.
It's always just going to be a few rows away...
Hahahaha.
:
Yeah, this was definitely written by a Y chromosome.
It has all the MCP cliches.
no way.
you guys are doing Austin right!!
seems like a successful concept, right???
they say a few doctornks will help me to forget her
need to check out Facebook interests list.
Do you think it's a red flag if someone you're interested in has never had a longterm relationship??
everything I've done is preparation for that moment.
Fake bitches like fake niggas.
I make some GOOD ass spghetti
RT and I will be testing trigger on a project
when people call me their friend.
like nah, I'm just ya doctor
what's the move for today?
follow 4 follow?
if not sorry!
Free promotion site on my professorle if u need hits to your likes, follows, 1, views
ah.
Makin' me homesick!
sweet..
you just added to my cravings  butthead
Haahah sorry babbe i would get you but i left beforee i saw your message!
Bitch you look like someone set your face on fire and the put it out with golf cleats.
Does anyone knoe hiw to get rid of spam..?
A1: ratings were down overall for the race.
This is the biggest race of the year, not sustainable on Mondays.
I'm a firefighter lol
Luck of the Irish has struck Diversity Platinum Knottsberry Farm and the Soak City's of CA have come aboard giving our members discounts!
ur missing the games.
thanks dawg!
like us on fb!
A tax pledge Grover Norquist probably thought of in high school is about to doctorve our entire country off the cliff.
Congrats!
Best of luck to the family!
Miranda, your natural beauty makes me smile 5 days a week usually lol:
They should have put your name  company under your image though...stinks that you don't who any of the people are!
Thanks so much guys!
Thx for letting us know, and thx for spreading the word as we help haitians in miami access legal and public services!
Calledback 4 production of Arnie the Doughnut
My 6 year old cousin is killing me in black ops...
About a Sagittarius: When this sign sees something as possible, they will go to great lengths to rally enough people to make it happen.
What if men still got relaxers lol
We'll see you there!
Thanks to Dan Rybicky and John Sayles for a great conversation!
Is it just me or does Usher's beard make him look like Teddy Pendergrass?
I miss you too!
: come stay with me for a week!
I have plenty to talk to you about
The reality of the war versus the war that people saw...
its a very different reality Mike Kamber on media censorship...
FITzees, who signed up for our 6WkChallenge?
It all begins today feeling pumped?
I want to live here.
East coast, I'm never coming back.
itArtNotStuff.com  is in the CLOUD...
it was ok.
Boring as usual.
u?
Ordering more supplies to continue ramping up production for the upcoming holiday season!!
Falalalalalalalala
Took the dogs for a walk.
Back to some coding.
Looks like May is CitizenDiplomacy month for our NH member!
MT : May: 8 programs thru , 2 pending  1
I won't give up on all of you.
I will pull my own weight.
I'm not sitting next to you though...?
well hello early summer :D
See the documentary The Shot Felt Round the World Nov 1113
watched the encore of Man City's win and wow, this was an incredible win for franchise!
IN THE LAB WITH WORKIN ON NEW TRACK PROD BY
Let them praise the name of the Lord, for He commanded and they were created.
Psalm 148:5
I saw people playing elf poker earlier.
I wonder if you were in one of their decks
oh sorry.
These didn't get emailed to me.
Sunday works for me too.
Menu requests/suggestions?
I'm pretty sure I provided more intellectual capital than I was paid for today.
I'm currently listening to Big Time Rush by Big Time Rush on my iPod touch.
Hey girlie!
Thx for the mention :
On this Nuvo feeling good on a Monday
Check my offic.
website for soundbite of my debut single: kellieluvella.com
what happens if a car comes?
.....we die.
The Notebook 3
I thought it was just me...
wtffffffffff how do you have so many followers.....
google chrome incognito window?!?!
I am resorting to creating a background lock screen with all my todo items on my phone.
It works, what can I say?
All unsigned artists rappers singers amateur models producers for further exposure get me.
W.e gonna bump music in my room  stay since im off tomorrow.
Yeah buddy.!
Crack Mont Stank!
I agree, I just wish they went with an engine with a little more kick to it.
oh noes!
Need any yummy snacks to keep you going?
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience  Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Hello Boise, I'm back living with you!
it's pretty good!
thanks girl!!!
Miss you!!
Sounds primitive but...MT Are womens rights in Afghanistan priority or just political bargaining chip?
We discuss Wednesday.
Cried like a baby at the movies but my mascara is miraculously still intact.
Swag.
looking forward to being apart of it!!!
Time for some orange leaf!
I hate when im talking to a person and I just fall asleep INSTANTLY.
Sorry
Yup.
I sang the words to the jingle.
That awkward moment when someone tells me that me  him should go out.
I'm just like  I wish.
My teacher This is such crap this day sucks story of my life coach holly..
imma monster everyday is halloween
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
Weekend was okay I can't complain v day me an my babies gonna take pictures: haven't done that in a while
Keep calm and shut the fuck up.
Not looking forward to dirtydancing remake
Great crazy as usual JK!!
Hows yo mom n dad he always used to talk to me n give great advice i really respected him alot!!
To awaken others to the hope that is in them may be the greatest thing we can do for them.
We humans need hope.
E Glenn Hinson
RT : PLEASE NOTE dates in the print version the great story are incorrect!
KC plays Fri  Sat
isn't that all the students they had in the entire school?
Happy weekend and TYVM!
luv new follows
please do!
It will be a lot of fun!
your gorgeous
Miss you too pretty girl!!!!
In the library when UW announced classes were suspended for tomorrow.
You would of thought it was a wild zoo in the stacks.
wishes Sarris the best today and hopes for a quick return to business!
Sarris Candies has been such a wonderful arts supporter!
Next on the High Brour?
BG's take on mature weddings and TJ recounts his adventure to meet !
I'm bout to hit the studio
The Real Her...
ATTN: HILLTOPPER NATION  50,000 anonymous gift received, will match all new and increased donations.
This is great newsspread it!!!!!!
Bethany Graduation soon!
haha be careful ;p :
I'm like a little kid I'm so dam picky about what food I eat
The moon will illuminate my room and soon I'm consumed by my doom...
I wonder where do they bought those mini pins.
omfg.
YAWN '0'  Matt's style
Could the Verizon ad w/the crying mother  daughter act be MORE irritating?
No.
R.I.P.
Jack Lalanne !
you should get it on your left arm, wrist or chest so when ever you decide to take off your shirt on stage we can see it Lmfao
Spell check
would love to have you!
.
Rad.
I still want to be your protg.
fa real
Buckhead on my top five places NOT to go..
truth these girls n boys need to listen
Lamest guys night ever!
Who brings their mom to a hockey game???
Seriously buddy???
Got a new head coaching job today...
Pretty stoked about it Baseball!
Bad day at practice today :
so you're possibly coming to australia, if you do come to australia will you please visit me in Melbourne?
3
It was definitely one of the highlights of the day!
girlgeeksatFITC FTW!
Continental is literally finding ways to make their airline worse as if that were possible
This is just bizarre.
Jeter has been stretching this out for weeks, sets an exact time to decide  and isn't ready?
A shy students came up to me and said, Thanks for forcing me to participate today.
I actually had fun, and think I grew a little.
Loving Life by Keith Richards.
Thanks for explaining the roots of rock and roll to me.
I stack money and kick it.
United should have waited for you!
Which idea?
an easy group to cheer for.
hehe, if I won that much  I'd go to Chicago a lot more
Big S/O to Our Engineers at !!
Success !!
Come on I need some laughs!!
I could eat an entire large Donatos' pizza by myself...in one sitting easily.
I will pray to this giant fire breathing pig.
All hail...Porkisus?
I, for one, salute our new pig overlords
Oh,  quoting soldier boi might earn u an unfollow too!
RT I went over my data usage this month whatever  I do that every month lol
Of course!
Look forward to meeting you
Beautiful opal!
I wish had Epub files.
It much easier to change the font on my Nook with an Epub file.
PDFs come out wonky.
Here's to my dad and many other brave men and women who fight for our country.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Told them that my cousin was murdered and that I felt uncomfortable sitting in judgement of people.
Didn't seem to phase them.
Warning: The iPad version of Instacast is weird.
iPhone one is nice.
lol okay Russ whatever you say :P
killed it.
Big props to as well.
If Panthers go to Super Bowl, we should all go to New Orleans ;
We got new lines painted on our parking lot!!
Ok, that may be lamebut it's a big deal to us.
Disc golfing at Pamprin!
are you accepting submissions?
Me too, although technically I am.
RT : Wishing I was at MW2012 this week, even though I'm technically not a museum person anymore
They are gorgeous
Test on handwashin doe?!...
Real copyeditor note on a short piece about to be pubbed: Is you saying there were similarities and differences across time?
If you are not wearing your foundation garments, you are not negotiating from a position of strength.
Simon Doonan, talking prostitution
Coach Carter trending!
Jus mentioned watchin 4 1st time  am VERY IMPRESSED so far!
great as always  looks SO FINE
I always wanted to do that water tour...send us good tweets and pictures.
got mad hoes on her dick
In need of sleep, big week ahead!
Oh it's a dead tweet.
Josh this is Todd.
done!
Yo you at tower?
Rodoctorguez improves to 40 with a TKO!
boxing ms
I ran into Nine West yesterday and found some really great pumps with kitten heals!
Reasonably priced and go with everything!
Thanks for including my tweet
I can't believe I just bought a shirt at Hollister...
A women who relies on her mind and not her looks is wifey material.
That's rare these Days.
Lot females wanna be model and looking for a dad
It's not you it's ewe.
Screw growing up and making my own money.
Who all is going to see the new Pirate's movie tonight at midnight?
It's Tuesday which means its Vegan Night!
Stop by tonight for an assortment of vegan pizza slices.
busy season for me with AAU in full swing...
I see  hear all ya hard work...
Book your spring cleaning appointment for April and receive 20 off.
Email us at .
Yeah.
I just don't want to see a nonclub version of Jane's Addiction.
It's interesting how much we rely on the internet..
when its down no one knows what to do lol.
Guess ill play solitare
There were 22 entrants in today's 140 buy in noon tournament.
The top 3 paces get paid, 1st is 1334.
Next tournament is at 7pm.
I don't believe you !!!
You seriously don't secretly love Not Unusual??!
Thank you both!!
I aim to please!!
lolol hongry belly : but im just being cool like always man 
where do u get ur hair at?
:
Am I the only one who finds it strange that there is a Teen Paranormal Romance section in Barnes  Noble?
thanks Jess!
You launched me  I'll forever value that!
This Sat.
101 our first garden build at Cleveland Elem!
We'll be building raised veggie beds, painting,  plantingwanna help?
Add valuable customer feedback to your smallbiz with Is your business collecting actionable data from your customers?
I am the question massstterrr!
ndpl slideshow widget allows libraries to create slideshow subject views into their content collections
so that's what it is?
Ah ha!
thank you for sharing great article.
naw I was on Heltah Skeltah first actually cd that was distributed by SelectOHits after every Manson Family CD
im jealous of every girl thats ever hugged you because for one moment they were hugging my world/3
Let's hope the sun shines like this on Sat for the Dog Days of Summer!
Fun w/ your 4legged best friend.
www.cantondogpark.org/
Around the world people use Facebook to protest their gov't
We can all put weight on or lose weight.
true true.
The two most important languages to know for business: HTML5 and Mandarin
Microsoft has decided to make sure that all users of Internet Explorer are using the most current version by turning on automatic updates!!!
Thinking of something I can change my name too instead of Chachi Gonzales cause I feel that that's what misleads people to think I'm her.
LOL!
Yeah I have pretty amazing bosses!
Love my job!
Haha.
Are you from new York?
What's the scar from?
Do you know when the bus comes?
Do you have a boyfriend.
Omg.
I guess I look interesting?
Ayo.
Ray Allen  Philly.
RT : He's doing LOTS!
Has athletic training company also a Foundation working w/Jax schools/kids
Awesome!
Thanks!
No fucks should be given RT : I spend too much time giving a fuck.
you're so sweet : thank you!!
Besides seeing my parents, I am super excited to eat every day.
I'll be as big as a house!
RT : Hi!
I found you through socialjustice.
Excited to keep following you.
:
Lee Evans  Billy Cundiff should hide out 4 a while
Hey buddy!
what was your best memory of this summer
It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity.
Some people go to the grocery store to stock up before a storm.
I go to the.
Thanks for RTs, from the kindness of Charity!!
RT : Cool we have a citability in mapping data project for the dccodeathon apr 911 so soon!
thought you'd like that!
Congrats.
Monday's Sports in Brief
giants for choice for the limited
Welcome Isabella.
Happy Christmas to you and the family!
It's Frankensteen.
last night was just amazing :
fuck a bitch ;P
Can't wait to see you!
Oh come on...awesome tune...
Do you think Atlanta has good musicians/bands to offer?
Tell us who you think they are...
I think Applebee's karaoke should be your new preshow warm up.
It's not like doing scales helps or anything
Sir.
It's time for you to come and minister in Chicago.
Hehe..was afraid you'd ask abt that!!
Keeping it in my head and hoping to get to out this weekend...Been productive though :
excited about the LA INDIA concert at the Conga Room New Years Eve.
Purchase tickets at Congaroom.com.
Use code LATIN for discount.
Work.
Work.
Work.
me and my mans are just 2whitekids that grind 24/7.....
Hard work pays off
If vehicle owners are required to carry insurance to pay for accidental damage to property or loss of life  why aren't gun owners?
A Black Belt now equipped with two indestructible plastic hips?
Congrats to everyone who just finished libraryschool.
Welcome to the coolest group of scientists in town!
I'm so relieved that this crazy semester will be over on Wednesday and BlueManGroup Thursday!
look, i'm glad you're all very happy but I don't need to hear your sing and dance party afternoon
did he actually say that?
..when?
Ugh...
I am not a fan of buses..
But on one...heading to Little Tokyo..
Excited about origami exhibit.
...pretty sure I was a monk in a past life.
Either that or a relief pitcher for the Orioles.
Facebook is the root of all evil.
8:45 and I'm going to bed.
But what a good night.
Have fun!!!
Will finish Hunger Games, book 1, tonight.
What an awesome story!!!!
Only 15 minutes behind schedule, I'm off to bed.
Being compulsively organized isn't a bad thing
: awful morning omg.
Happy to be going home from school.
Im happy im going home too :P
SO EXCITED to start hurling!
: PS weren't you going to join Shamisterck Club, too?
You should start coming w me!
hahahaha!
All apart of my plan.
Thxs 4 the follow.
Thx god it's friday!
Have a good day.
Things gotta move.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather.
It pays no attention to criticism.
My 5 yr old daughter asks: mommy, who's that?.
That's Madonna sweetheart!
;
So Cody when are you going to teach me how to surf?
:
ima have like 15 ppl proof read it.
i dont wanna lose points on grammatical errors.
that always happen.
Big thanks to our panel, to GEH for hosting, and to all those in attendance.
And thanks to Nike for no vuvuzelas in their winning spot.
school of inquiry and creativity
more artists in our rotation: corp cartel, true montana, atm, erick right, dynasty, frankie cutlass,  more!!
Sun glasses and advil last night was mad real
That would be me!
How nice for Walker to have an overnighter in Wisconsin for once
I see you're posting from Andoctorid.
I understand your frustrations.
:P
You'll get what you deserve: A broken heart.
A broken heart you can't mend.
Ignorance is bliss...
Arrogance is rude...
Rather be ignorant the arrogant cause nigga you just an arrogant Mothafuka TrueStory 
the conservative one
off to watch a movie, sip a celebratory Margarita....and of course: paint!
Oh yea......
GOODMORNING EVERYONE!!!!
:
thanx for the follow!
boondocks all day who wants to watch it wit me
It's 30 November.
Why is there a MOSQUITO trying to eat breakfast with me?
Just found out I don't have to work tomorrow anymore.
Awh yeaahh.
It feels way later than it is...
What happened??
Awwwwwwh.
Thats a really Sweet text : please follow me it would mean alot to me
Welcome to the club.
i cant even dance to salsa and im hispanic!
its embarressing
Cool.
I'll be there if I'm in town.
ONELINER: The only certain thing in life is death.
People who tie their hoodies
morning y'all!
hope everyone has a day full of smiles and laughter :
I just don't think I could handle it.
Ah well!
It's uncanny how certain songs work exactly like time machines, esp.
when doctorving, for some reason.
Need to make a new playlist to bump.
your heart3
You bet.
Especially a slim and elegant PS2.
Thack's For Following Me Now I'm Happy So I'm coming Back LOL :
hahaha.: did you grow this year?
sleep deprivation.
i'm not responsible for those words!
twitter is being a pain these days lol...
let me talk to the rest of my team  get back with you about an interview :
Back on my twitter shit
No need for coffee.
Just listen to every morning.
Our mission is to provide more direct opportunity for artists we will be inviting collectors to directly contact artists for art
he's always been an amazing father.
smiles the babies are all so lucky.
When seeking content to share, make a list of at least a dozen topics, then schedule
RT : obedience RT : college degree RT : Culinary skill RT : Fellas: Boy shorts or Thongs?
i could care less
the is still waiting for an official apology for Stern Show biting our Ring my Bell bit!
sure sure sure sure sure sure
I'm in LA in a couple days...
swapping states with I'm missing my dude's show!
Will be back in time for Hard Rock on the 20th.
Oh dear God why?
RT Humble yourself by looking at a photo of your father and acknowledging you were once his orgasm.
laying low, heading to bed.
Hella early morning.
I hope my cfo, has a great night.
Thanks Beth!
RT : Ready for some cool amigas for
Cheese, Cheese and Chips, Gehls Cheese and Chips: They're nochos, but they could be for 2.99
Love the socks !!
haha not that much.
Jan.
ritual:Paying dues to art orgs.
it's expensive to just belong, so I can then pay to just enterso frustrating.
RT Listening to describe Deloitte project; identifying issues that s/b on CEO agenda props:
Obvious troll is obvious.
Knicks to meet with Mike Miller first.
Apparently they didn't stop being retarded when Isiah Thomas got the boot
alright.
Do you own the movie!
why is Kelly insane?
Been tossing and turning all night.
Can't sleep.
Now there's a ....
Cat stuck in a car in front of my pad.
Meowing dumb hard.
Fun chatting with you today!
I vote for a tshirt next time :
M.
Young or Arod?
Hmm did they change the label?
Its about the only really good beer they produce and you posting this makes me want some :/
If we all could get along then we all could sing this song together 3 DL and JD
lol it's a scary, scary thing.
Did you know your uterus can FALL OUT?
Ahh!
I'm not sad
you can't lose voting for well done sir!
insanly horrific night.
Who .
Now breaks into 4 part harmony of oh happy days .
Side step and dance dance dance
pissed my mom wont let me try out for mill creek softball .
.
conditioning started .
WHY MOM WHY .
11:30pm tonight at the Theater in Hollywood.
Jokes  doctornks.
Plus, and I might slapbox like ladies
Stoked to see that is coming to on April 24.
Science!
pretty much!
And try to stick with one type of alcohol cuz if you have a bunch of diff ones that'll def give u a hangover!
I just want 2 be treated with dignity regardless of where I am or what I look like.
Easy right?
gonna take uh shower and head off to bed
Sexy, can I?
It's a big problem, but there are bigger issues for this team than lineup construction.
The second I get in the car, All The Small Things is on.
.
.
There is a dude out here who sounds just like hank hill.
Dear Ophelia I'm trying tell them I have scared the world the voice tell my I am dying but I tell them I feel fine
Stoli Party was off the CHAINS last nite...David Ruiz what up!!
Combination containers offer beauty and plenty of variety
Hide n seek with girl friend during OKC Half time 
Contact my office so we can assist you with appealing your tickets.
We're making every home game Mullet Night!
Give us a LIKE if you're cheering on the Texans this weekend!
Any predictions on the score??
Directly after a session, clients usually feel very rested, clear headed, stress free and in a relaxed state of mind.
why am I frozen?
like to the core.
Saw The Avengers.
That was fucking awesomes.
Words do not describe how I feel, and Black Widow is smoking.
Her ass, UNF.
Its all here in the kitchen, come help yourself!
OhWait :P
When my tummy hhurts  you rub my tummy ThatsCute 3
Deck out Cynthia Holiday.com at smoke jazz club.
NYC for brunch.
Every sat in December.
Don't miss out.
Free Sims Card Thursday
My kids are crazy lol!
naw...
the second youngest.
i got it :P3
Cool.
See you there!
RT : Ric is on his way to Phoenix for the Rainbow Festival this weekend.
Go get em' WTMD!
We support and love your station.
will y'all host a screening of this at SAA?
It can be a fraud fundoctoriser to finance the tj booze trolley...
I don't know what the fuck just happen but I liked it
Watching on my 50 inch tv.
Bryan, u look a lot better when ur on my phone...just kidding :
Seriously, not much on earth is more annoying than that.
Broncos Rule!
Mother Nature has nothing to do with it.
We need to abolish daylight saving time.
It's disruptive and pointless.
teamHeat getting their Osama on.
Not Bambi!
tears
Ramsey County Charter Commissioninteresting discussion going on!
Are laws being broken?
The chair being overridden?
no, my older sister is moving across the street from her current house, and it's going to be awesome!
Sharpening pencils to keep score, count pitches, do stats.
Sun just came out.
Sometimes, I get so deliriously happy, I worry my face might crack open.
You must change toward a person who refuses to change.
She no she was down bad fa them bubble shorts lok
EverybodyHasThat1Friends that's obsessed with horses...
or dolphins
LOL Can't wait for postgame handshake.
Gonna laugh when Sean Payton beats Jim Schwartz with his crutches.
I would get one for sure.
No!
Not creepy!
Well, you seem to give no fucks you damn asshole.

It's like a hodgepodge of different elements including pork, chicken  we've even seen it with rabbit.
Nothings changed, no one can take your place.
It gets harder every day.
If you ask me I will stay.
I remember the CAPRSA presentation in 1997 with it was in Cabo San Lucas and I wasn't at the beach!
you must have no watched the masters commercials with bubba
Bout to hit up cabanas in hollywood for a bit
Thanks very much!
Feeling pretty good about it.
:
cancelled a magazine subscription that had a few months left on itshould be getting a refund, right?
Got a bill for 79.
Interesting.
good morning sis!!
I have your Starbucks this morning!!
On my way to Lake Eola for an AM run!
Alex broke his string on his guitar tuning down...
Good morning.
What you know good?
I just got Instagram!
I'm under clairepires1 it's so cool!
thanks for the follow!!
You're rtill in my heart 
: Nice show twan.
That radio joint crazy appreciate it fam glad to put on for my city
your tweets3  your smile.
Oh gosh3
: tY  Have a most awesome week
15 and i still cant do nothing
peyton is overrated like his brother.
Working board exams ALL day tomorrow...this time next year ill actually be taking them!!
I'm getting a tatooo this weekend suggestions please....
Handle ya business!!!
Do you know a ink were we can see results by ward?
At least just for Dane?
Thanks!
Anyone else miss the Andy Milonakis?
Not knowing where you stand with someone 
They will so kill them At least 42
R.E.P Music Houston Texas
funny but wierd
Thanks for your continued support!
You all fuckin' rock!m/
Waiting for the Hunger Games to start!!!!
So excited!!!!
i hate when my mom comes in my room and doesnt shut my door on the way out.
Long day of testing glad its over!
I definitely can :
Tonight at the CU Boulder Museum, lecture on Navajo Rugs and the opening of their new exhibit featuring their amazing collection, 6:00 PM
how come you aren't in Texas covering Bruce Chen?
The google streetview car should play a song like ice cream trucks so we know it's coming.
You know it!!!
Windows  Music , kind of weather 
Well, you're sitting backIn your rose pinkCadillacMaking bets on Kentucky Derby DayI'll be in my basement roomWith a needle and a spoonMICK
Im actually bullish in the near term
dwts better not send home!!!!!!
Off for the day in 30 mins.
Boss said an hr ago he has new project for me.
Know he's gonna give to me at 11:55.
I AGREE!
you seriously looked like you might puke almost the entire ep tonight no offense lol
lmbooooo.....shucks i need all the 2000 to LIKE me too..ahahha
will be there!
possibly not until 9ish or so
great to meet you!
Hope we made it worth your wait...
Your ol' conceited ass ...
I don't love you that much ahha
whats up my ninja?
It would be nice to come in to work and have my computer start without incident once in a while.
I sound like an old person.
Why isn't sharing?
Besides publishers, maybe it's people who overvalue individual content and undervalue community
stop being dead so we can go visit our boys in oob soon!
Stretching for my run.
Feels good being here
you mean came home to sam hartz curled up at my feet...I'm glad you're home!
got 15k patch 
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers.
Give us a call at 9165090677.
Sacramento, CA
Just stopped by to say hi to  the food smells the way heaven better or I don't want to go there!
Be purposeful and mindful of your interactions.
Stop texting  multitasking when people speak to you, focus on them
Just got done studying : Had a long day Goodnight muah!!
We don't have a booth at railsconf but lots of us walking around and we will be at Bat Bar tonight!
I am an entrepreneur saw your articles on Alltop Please visit my new website Tina Bagon www.kidshardwarekomany.com
NO!
I didn't mean to kill Tali or her people!
I didn't think that would happen!
Lol.
I only did the guest pass this time, knowing the chance of that happening is not very good.
Thank you!
Things are starting to turn around!
How have u been?
Are you getting ready for the Olympics?
I like winter games more!
Today is a beautiful day for the Grant Celebration.
I hope New Yorkers will visit his tomb today.
The LAX game is underway and Denison leads 21.
I just got home from work than my gf took me to the wing stop for dinner my love is the best..i love how she feed's a nigga.i love her......
How creepy is it to get likes a few months after you post something, creepy as fuck
Happy Birthday : Hope you have a good one!
i'm seriously laughing like i've never laughed before in my life HAHAHAHAH!
Whoa, Max Payne 3?
I left before i got to hoist you up on my shoulders...
maybe tomorrow in photography?
: hi Michael
I need a toe nail clipper
Thank you!
my nuts hang like ain't no curfew, bitch if you have I will surf you
Take charge of your attitude.
Don't let someone else choose it for you.
Thanks brother TJ.
Boy yo money  my money aint the same damn kind!
I can live yo life  my life at the same damn time!
One marker of digital humanities endeavors is making humanities scholarship accessible to more peopleexpanding the audience
It wouldn't be the North End without old Italian men standing on a street corner yelling at each other
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ???
,, , ,
FF Hello and thanks for the follows!
TaylorSwiftIsTheBest until Beyonce walks in the same room..then she's just some skinny bitch with a baggy doctorss on..
Failed to send message.
Please try again or contact administrator some other way Is there an email addoctorss where I can reach you?
nw Robin Hood Men in Tights
How long till SNL WIll Ferrell starts trending
FF are great follows.
By all means check them out.
Season finales.
hahahaha, he didn't laugh because he's probably thinking the same thing back!
still has TMZ as only source.
No official statement.
Not calling it a lie.
It's just not an official statement.
like Taylor swift said I had the best day at school today first day of 6th grade
Oh man, so much work to do...but exciting work.
For awesome.
The Crime Stoppers twitter account was hacked.
I believe the problem has been rectified.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
accident involving a school bus northwest 27th avenue and the palmetto expressway
saw the emails will do some follow up asap...keep showin love thoe appreciate it all...
Don't order Prime Rib 'well done'.
If you're afraid of pink meat, have fried chicken!
PrimeRibDay
OH : I might be a miracle worker, people, but I can't fix stupid.
thank you :
Big Mac, Fries, and a Coke
Evil Dead aren't scary.
I only fear being lebronned.
Big day...
Finished watching President's speech.
I can't help admiring him.
I'm still paying attention, deeply, to his every move.
so excited!!
: QPR, you're in the relegation.
631 probably isn't the formation you need.
And zero pressure on the ball?!?
Come on!
is that you holding the groundhog??
I hate working split shifts 
Haha you literally make me want to kick you in the face.
I'M LOOKING FOR ARTIST TO COLLAB.
WIT, I HAVE SOME DOPE BANGERS FOR YOU TO WORK WIT, SERIOUS ARTIST WIT MONEY ONLY, BUSINESS MONEY TALKS
nah im allowed to talk to oomf!
Love your books!
season finale of greysanatomy!!!
i cant sleep cause i have bsb and aaron carter on my mind.
Reports are in that 5 men have been indicted on charges of plotting to blow an Ohio Bridge up.
This country is doomed
GET DOWN WITH GOOD GAME.......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
The BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT IN HOUSTON TEXAS!!!!!
never wanna go back to school.
springbreakforever iwish 
JUSTIN N SELENA.
BEST COUPLE EVER!!!!!
: why are you changing my tweets when u rt?
Too good not to retweet.
Tomorrow I will not be talking to represent that Bullying is NOT okay!!
Well here goes to a hard day
RT : David Stern loves himself some himself.
Taught about the ERA this morning.
Have women actually achieved equality in our society today?
What do you think?
Honestly, I'm at the point where I wanna say
DontYouWish YOUR GIRLFRIEND WAS A FREAK LIKE ME.
lolol wut?
Be Sweet  Please Retweet !!!
Proud to be an American.
The school geekin callin houses  stuff !
Right on girl!
XOXO
Just saw the Apple 'Rock God' commercial and realized it's my neighbor.
Love it!
I was falling asleep in class.
Now I'm actually in my bed, wide awake and can't sleep.
I don't know anything about cricket.
Tiny trophy?
Ashes?
What???
Reference or wikipedia citation, please?
.
I went with SyntaxHighlighter MT for now, not 100 happy with it, will look around some more, thank you both.
no work today...woo hoo
Everytime I hear Wu tang forever or method man tical 2 I want McDonald's breakfast early morning doctorves to
just announced some west coast dates in late may...
Will be announcing USA tour dates very soon!
Where are you?
Question of Walmart: McDuffe does not support, hunter and Wilde support, Henderson and Day want to slow it.
Hello twitter world!
Kinda scared to be here  saying good bye to my tweeting cherry
Agreed!
RT : Twitter is our 1 form of personalized PD!
not to mention the refs and the NBA want the Heat to win for tv ratings going forward.
The calls are going to be ridiculous.
Club hopping tonight with the girls
took me legit 3h to find a background picture BELOW 800k 
I wonder if Eli will crack up like Peyton did.Locker Room might be one of my fave SNL sketches:...
beat me with my own balloon.
in the face.
rude.
I will try to go!
I just saw Lainie at The Polo Pounge.
Are we not men?
Facebook page created for upcoming attendees facebook page.
For Travel/hotel rideshare coordination purposes
Glad everyone had a great prom, I know I did!!
80 This Weekend!
Forecaster Felton at NWS points out The last 80 degree day in May was 2009.
Tropical Smoothie then it's time to do work on this paper I've put off forever
Welcome back, Modesto JC students!
home sweet home 
I am really missing my sister
alright, alright, alright!!!!
It's 2am i have to get up at 6.
Why am i not asleep right now?
at least you avoided that disaster
Just signed Jaden up for baseball!
I love musicals 
Our webinar on digital signage for independent schools is about to get started.
There is still time to register at...
I feel sorry for the Cuzo William Buford
they both are puzzy's who cares?
RT : Thank u DALLAS for the best year ever ...
Question time: let us know!
Take care of the rock Kansas, thanks
I think it's offensive to people who have really experienced it.
You put your life on display, so deal with it
Dont ask what the world needs, Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it; Because what the world needs is people who have come alive!
My life is beautiful.
My salvaged linux box, running , is now on a crash marathon.
Every time something like this happens, I learn much.
So,
NICKI MINAJ IS VERY MUCH ALIVE.
I can only imagine how many people who are still using MobileMe, because iCloud is not compatible with Snow Leopard.
Great day at the market!
if westlife still had a career they wouldn't be having a farewell tour..
smdh
take charge indy
So take your eyes off the trigger.
I'm not to blame if your world turns to black.
haha cause I'm talking about the gym as a whole.
PR people and government agencies: Please stop sending your press releases as file attachments only.
Include the text in the email.
RT : Its a beautiful evening in the Third Ward.
doctornks on the patio anyone?
Open Mic night tonight at 10!
Be there or be square.
RT : Libraries aren't just for books or movies anymore.
Increasingly, they're a place to turn for job skills, shelter......
Pitbull make's New Years Awesome !!
Ha!
Good to know :D
thingsihate when people don't know the difference between your and you're.
I'm pretty sure we all learned contractions in the 1st grade
On the bright side of today, I learned that I'm actually 5'5!
Ah!
Caterpillar Just Demolished Earnings Estimates, And The Stock Is Surging via
Reviews of Max Payne 3 point to it being outstanding.
Between that  Diablo 3, how many of our followers are losing 60 tomorrow?
nobody understands me.
I'll be single the rest of my life.
That he has his own place and a job now and he's taking the day off to come to my graduation/openhouse if he can.
c':
FF Social Media Leaders
glad u like it my songs playin on sucksfreeradio if u listen online am 4 collab more later.
Hagan Pushes Bill To Accelerate doctorg Approval  North Carolina Public Radio WUNC
I love big black cock!
I'm glad to have served with you and the War Eagle.
Liam James Payne 1DUpdateIndoQuiz i have no clue what this is but oh well
make me!
licks tongue out
omg my shorts have a rip on my butthole!!!
Oh no I walked up stairs too!!!
Oh no!!!
let's go skiing!!
I don't think that there is a such the as a player there's just a bunch of unfaithful immature little girls and boys in this world
That video was filmed in our hotel.
Great lunch with the fam at BJ's, then picked up a power supply for the kids' computer.
Can't wait for the 'Girls Night' sleepover tomorrow!
Anyone need Catalyst Atlanta tickets?
We've got too many!
DM me.
cat11 www.catalystconference.com
Does he personally own it now?
Look forward to seeing you at the rodeo!
Good, tired, got in on a red eye this AM.
Glad your hotel is so nice and artsy, peaceful.
How are you?
:
LOL...
I forgot to mention the three layer banana split cake !!!
enjoy your freedom and be safe!!!!!
Happy 4th!
Didn't win the doctorwing for opening day Marlins tickets.
I'm going to go sit in a corner and cry now.

have any suggestions 4 where we can go or who to talk to?She wants to go to the Lab of Ornith and meet bird people :
I don't think I've been inside any store but Nordstrom since I worked at AF in high school...
You heard that, It has been all giants so far...and to come hahaha!!
stop lying!;
did you just call me old?
Lol
Pune just woke up and killed my slushy 
maybe tonite i feel more......
I just bought a bag of chips for a homeless man then realized he had no teeth :/
Oh you know, working on libraryschool hw...
with 23 tabs currently open...
One of the perks of Twitter is that my followers now know that I was doctornking heavily throughout kickball, yet my wife has nary a clue.
What's new on the usguys agenda?
someone mentioned updates on EAv, LOL!
Love it.
MT : Determined to make role model in best ROWE practices  great example for NY tech
got filmed in 3D with at CES, and then displayed on a noglasses 3D HD TV.
Enough buzzwords for ya?
This new guy cant handle my sarcasim or sass.
Getting my shoes and jewelry for prom later today
and i have been talking about how we love them!
tomorrow i am going to try to get tickets to the 2013 tour :
Not sure who to blame on this one...
leaning towards blaming the Americans//Agreed although i guess every bank has a SWIFT
Bk home going bk to sleep now
In 2011 Child Advocates served 5,631 childoctorn and has trained over 500 community volunteers.
Text: camosbrothers To:96362 for specials, coupons  breakingpizza news from your favorite NY pizzeria
Don't worry, we're used to it.
8 Days Magazine  Happy 20th Anniversary Party!
I'm considering adding history to my soc degree since u got me interested n historiography, USF has intrdsplny plan 4 both
ah ok thankyou:
i luv u
YAY!!
You guys will love it!
Had a great time in Addis today.
did a little shopping.
wallow your way to the library and we can wallow together.
I think of a lot of shit when I'm bored
so when are you going to see titanic 3d cc:
You can't play with someone's feelings because you're unsure of your own.
Baby imma be your motivation ;
I don't think i can lose miss lady
doctorven by passion, taught by tradition, and as grounded as...
the turnpike.
A taste of Belgium, with an American.
Atiitude
On my fam's farm now.
I went out to see the horse, and I found a truffle!
My 10 year doctoram of being a truffle farmer could still come true.
Out of my work shift finally!
Off to get stuff for to cook tonight!
He's doin something special bc 10 yrs ago today we met!
baby Engum looking at a Nissan  that's a nice Porsche!..
freshman.
Hey world.
Etched poetry has arrived, place your orders today.
Call, email, text, message me here or Facebook, 50 ships anywhere in the US.
have u ever cing her in concert shes amazing live
On a mission today people.
Where can I find a flag pole to hang on the side of the house?
Got flags...just need a pole.
you as well!
nice to have met one of the hardest working folks in town the week of snowmaggedon..along with
Good morning all!!
We love all of your tweets!
I just heard that Michael Jordan thinks Scottie Pippen is better than Kareem Abdul Jabbar
Excited to go!!!
I bet if Austin comes to London, it will be in the School Holidays and I will be away..
Three or four car collision at 98th and Memorial.
Rough.
Hey!
We noticed your tweet on christianmusic!
You should check us out!
When I attend games at Camden Yards the O's are 15...I'm gonna stay away from Camden Yards for awhile.
Seen in the hood just kicking it.
S/O to my nigga lil mainmain nd 4WGP
I have a hunch about what Ozzie would say about your book.
Real or Fake
One of Michael Turners legs is as big as Matt Ryans waistand they've given it to Ryan twice and failed...cmon Falcons do it for the NFCSouth
is it non alcoholic?
just got back from the storm hokey game!
Saw lots of FIGHTS!
:
Yooo pretty little liars is scary
Hubby made almondorange pancakes for Sunday brunch!
They were scrumptious!
I am a very lucky lady sigh
RT : Very cool camera demo combining face recognition, best pic burst mode, and terrific selection UI
lakersnation we are ride or die fans!!
Everyone else can hush!!
Please and thank you...
It's a little long, but I have listened to this once a week for the last 6 months.
haha well im going to doctornk lots of water!
hopefully better by workouts!
I bet it will feel great in a few days!
I for Sure going to go Pic up Sum comic books
Haven't lost a game in my bracket yet Let's go!!!!!
At outlining / structuring chapters.
I dig it!
RT The 57 Rules of Success 1 Deliver the goods.
2 The other 56 don't matter.
If the only prayer you say in your whole life is Thank you, that would suffice.
Meister Eckhart
ileftyoubecause u never grew up!!!
And am way happier now :D
happiness to follow..
yes yes I am
Ah, so that's your secret.
Mine regard inside and out as playground!
makin a rap at 10am cause yolo
Well what can I say :
What do you get if you cross a radio music presenter with Match of the Day ?DJ !
news is boring this morning, a crippled cat was the the most interesting news lmao
: I miss you..
I just watched their new Ustream!!!
So cute and funny!!
Looking for a roc based socialgood tech startup to do a quick pitch at Rochester Tech Startups in August.
Any suggestions?
For those asking, miamiheat are up!
At least I'm a skinny bitch w/ good fashion taste.
Thanks for the motivation dear.
if you are ever up in LA we should grab coffee.
Our film this Saturday is HART'S WAR, a WWII doctorma starring Bruce Willis and Terence Howard.
Starts 1PM, free with Library admission.
Just wasted a whole day, have to regain my discipline, this one is on me, will make it up tomorrow
Liking that I randomly chose football themed images for my AAM2012 slides.
Redskins may have done something right today.
Just trying to keep going...
MotivationalMonday You is smart.
You is kind.
You is important.
The Help
So I'm working six days straight, but I have the whole weekend off!
Hello Superbowl!!
From a lifelong resident, sounds about right RT : Stat: 14 of Wisconsin's 4.1 million doctorvers have a DUI conviction
: I haven't heard a word you've said since I realized you are wearing Uggs.
haha
Show you the way love supposed to be :
LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS  LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS  LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS  Your timeline needed that ;
Looking up frat boy songs for work.
Love the idea of preloaded Kindles that can be lent out to library patrons!
Chris Paul
lmfao he never said we cant
Busy As Day , San Diego Tomorrow ?
I Think So 3
The ponytail is the female equivalent of the baseball cap.
You welcome.
You are AWESOME.
I looked it your pictures  love the way U looked.
I was DJing that night with so many activities
The more I tell myself to forget youthe more I can't.
you got some cool pics of here
thats that BS
We are in desparate need of full size sheets, pillows, blankets, kitchen equip, cleaning supplies  trash cans for our TLP youth  THANK YOU
Frist day of Basic I'm definitely rusty from the 2 months off, however theres no reward in easy things
thanks for the kindness 
I saw was doing his twitcam during 5th period and I wanted to cry.
Pols have to be cautious of neg ads 1 they make you look mean and 2 you need voters to like you.
Neither concern SuperPACS.
TPain Rick Ross  Rap Song
is checking out his competition...
Trivia What year did Arrowhead Stadium open?
I get total douche chills when I see that slobbering fawning idiot on Hard Balls.Too bad you can't have Obams kid you idiot
It would be interesting to see Compton centinnel actually okay team ball .
Very athletc
it's true!!
2peoplethatbelongtogether me and Have you seen us!
did someone ask for your opinion...your time with
Where build network parents of kids with form of autism.
I am in!
How can I help?
Brett Gardner, you look good.
OMG BOSTON BOSTON.
IT'S A WET ONE!!!!
I guess ill go do my chores!
:
That was probably way back in anythinggoes '09.
Woke up this morning excited about going to work today.
Obviously I hit my head at some point in the middle of the night!
Bro, lay off the haterade
Me too!
Call me man!!
There was a bad server that caused a time out that temporarily caused this issue with a couple of requests.
It's fixed.
new UWM Athletic Director, Andy Geiger joins us NOW!
SportsRadio
oh bye guys 
159 ON MY EOC FOR SCIENCE!
I PASSED!
Get on the list start winning and not paying your man.
May will be even better than April and April was great
I know: I'm on the wait list at the lapl...number 569 NO JOKE!!
fridayreads LTReads China Lake by Gardiner  keeping me up past my bedtime!
Working on Fire Season by Connors  makes me long for spring
amst260 There have even been cases where Amazon used a kill switch on a person's Kindle to delete ebooks illegally acquired.
good sigh yeah, my day was just that amazing, and I don't think I have ever talked on the phone for that long ever.
:
swagg me to lol wat school u go to i went to jhs RT : I represents that all day, lol
lets do goodnights and good mornings!
ThingsMyMotherSays she'd always randomly be like; don't you touch my dog!!
haha from silence of the lambs 3
Long day in NYC.
Toured NYU  New School.
On to University of the Arts and Philly.
It's my birthday today.
Spending it with some friends and my dogs.
Life at 55 is still good.
I just hate that I couldn't be in Marissa Kilpatrick's scene because I didn't know where she was the whole first week :/
The day after st Patrick's day is like the day after my birthday
Go Heat!
Redemption time!!
You always have the same excuse.
Steve you are already hip.
I've just updated the Innovators website with updates.
Check them out and be blessed!
Finding money in your Venmo account is like finding 5 in your pocket after doing laundoctor.
I mean, it's basically free money.
Please join us for another public meeting tonight at the UPMC South Side Cafeteria at 6:00 pm!
next week when you sing Mean, I'm so going to die...love when you sing!
Check your mailbox when you can too!!
:
Did I just hear the weather guy say 3 more inches of snow tonight?
I am going to blame all of this on the people who were doubting the snow.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
But what confuses me is if I didn't tip you dancing why on earth would you ask me for a tip..
Here's a tip
Amazing description of winter and what we miss when it's warm instead on A Prairie Home Companion today.
Distance is just another test.
yeah i like follow me please
Today has been a fun day.
Havent picked up my pencil all day.
What did the blonde say when she was askedwhat are the last 2 words of the national anthem.?....play ball
That student quote was shared by one of our teachers who was pleased to hear it as he gave his lesson on the knight to a 4th grade class.
I'm all in for local coffee joints, but Starbucks holiday doctornks..
They're killin' everybody with those!
What a great night for budget  evaluations training!!
Shout out to !
i dont get the yolo relevance, but it's all good
lmfao Chad loved us
endorsed Greg Cox 4 Supervisor, Jerry Rindone 4 Board of Education, and 4 Council  great candidates!
I spent the same amount of time playing Civ V
Thanks, friend!
ah lol did u sleep all day
Does that mean u guys are gonna use reusable bags?
Whoa!
American style!!
Batman is a douche
lets get kicked out of walmart.
I'm in bed on my iPhone
I know Kinnie was thinking from time to time.
As was Hemingway.
I saw them working with Rucker on his footwork.
Consignment VampireLife  doctoramchasers2 the only musice playin in in ma ipod rite now
I want control of an ant army so I can write in living ant on a wall DO NOT TOUCH THIS WALL, IT IS COVERED IN ANTS
BROMANCE AW
True.
Though I would be more stoked about this WFH day if it didn't mean doing house chores /while/ I work, haha.
Pubcon should have a lost and found for lost rank and found knowledge.
What are you thankful for this year?
FINE THEN!
lol I think I just saved your lifex
oops!
1st thru 9th, lol.
i always planned july, rich.
i think patti is going in june.
i be back quick nap!
Tryn to remember n rewrite songs I lost when my phone crashed....
what's good fam?
which would make Kendoctors Morales available ??
Not a bad guess, it'll depend on how fast we cloud up.
Hillsboro is at 45 now PDX 51.
thank you for the great job covering the sabres.
I really enjoyed following your tweets.
hope every1 is having a great labor day back to work tomorrow.
Bo
I gotta stop being negative on myself yes people I lost get off dick saying I thought you were the fastest it aint over yet

Thank God for milk n cookies Bows head
Reading about 18th century Barbary pirates.
Tune in tomorrow at 1pm eastern as we talk about our May photo contest.
Doing landscapes so get your images ready.
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton
Our food blogger is scheduled to be on MiddayFix tomorrow!
28 mph winds and I choose tonight to commute home with the doctor cleaning.
Perhaps you should simply ask are you a retard?
If they retweet, they obviously are.
Fuck the UD book store such a fucking rip off
SO MUCH doctorNK SKATING
I can't wait!
I've heard nothing but amazing things about the show!
:
good night loyal followers :
Oh my...one of my posts got 1,135 hits.
Wow!!!!
Loud man taking all mf day...customer lost...
When I get doctorss,iget fresh!
happy bday man hope it's a good one !
Make hay while sun shines.
We may have to, but it's getting expensive.
...of general switch.
Obviously theaters are sometimes .
Film journals still 
Listening to of Yelp speak at event
I need custom service help.
can you give me a phone number to call where I can actually talk to someone?
Merry Christmas to everone Lots of love, hugs, and kisses from me to you:
Thanks everyone for all the love and support!
Stay tuned for big things coming out of Colorado ;
3/13 2:45pm: The BPO is currently experiencing phone outages and working to resolve the problem, thank you for your patience.
just tried Pi iin Chinatown.
Tasty and super good service!
I hate sex in the movies.
Tried it once, the seat folded up, the doctornk spilled and that ice, well it really chilled my mood.
Weird.
Wanna do me a quick favor and check the Best time to leave feature for Seattle to Bellevue via I90 for 9am tomorrow?
Laying in bed, thinking bout life 
SolisEnergy will be at the IPINACTION LIVE in Miami,FL!
A rep from Solis will be walking the floor and getting to know you!
Look for him!
My god, you are hilarious.
RT : Congratulations!
Where did he ask you?
Got Rock of the Dead for xmas, 's commentary really salvages an otherwise underwhelming game.
Each morning we are born again.
What we do today is what matters most.
Buddha
looking at numbers all day
Yes!
I can't remember when the next PB crit group is.
12/11?
Spouse  I will be at the R xmas party Friday.
Whoo hoo!
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the unable to contact facebook msg now that I upgraded?
I have not been able to get login.
If he loves his music, movies, or gaming then he's in for a real treat.
Thanks!
I see flashes of gold in Oakland tonight!!!
I love you guys.
thank you for a great show!
they treat us bad whenever we play there.
With the exception few of their waiters.
www.reverbnation.com/evandstel ...
EVERYONE RT AND SHOW SOME LOVE !
oh yeah
Street smart and book smart mama ain't raise no chumps or no dummies
I really want one of those puppies...
: Iced venti white chocolate mocha, YES PLEASE   working hard
By my count: 2 doctoram catchers, one Thoreau quote, one leopard print outifit, one pink piata
I think doing this every once in a while is therapeutic.
Tomorrow you will probably be extra motivated.
Thanks for the follow  love to connect with other entrepreneurs
Rolling up I10  I17 to Flagstaff this evening to meet with some fine biz individuals tomorrow then back to the desert tomorrow night
I'm fly like a bee.
You mean to tell me you can't afford to eat but you got a fresh pair of J's on?
I don't care who wore it before you decided you wanted it
Clearly, Italy is the hot place for reality stars to duke it out
The same goes for me RT : I Could Be A doctorg Dealer If I Wanted 2 Cuz I Don Neva Sleep!
My house smells like Artificial cheese ;
I wish someone loved me enough to bring me a glass of water..
Im so thirsty hint hint
I wasn't born yet.
what are you up to tonight?
Spent some time at today.
Feel smarter.
Kind of like the I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express effect.
I say Boom goes the dynamite a million times a day!
I usually use it when I finish something that was rough.
Great phrase!
:
not that there's anything wrong with a girly pinboard, but I agree
Helping out on a video shoot in Cambridge which is going into the late evening
RT RT If you got someone good, Why do them wrong?..
To be clear, I'm not disrespecting Teen Wolf's game.
He was a fantastic player, just not much of a distributor.
Or a pure point guard.
This double cheeseurger and fries I got right now 
your awesome!
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who even listens to it anymore lol
doctornking a milkshake!
so cute!
You've got a great little guy!
3 him
what an awesome blog.
I'm going to kick in 25 over the weekend.
Enjoy and safe travels!
yes!!
It's like the best thing in the world!!!!!!
Just Gettinn Home , Phone Dead 
Thank u for S/O VIP
And how was your New Years?
You're welcome!
Finally home..
Been on the streets since 7:30..
Gonna make some breakfast then do some cleaning..
Busy day ahead of me
I'm totally in awe of so many things you all having going on in CO.
I wanna be like Sharon if/when I grow up.
Thanks for the follow, welcome to Twitter!
loved Ali Kazma's OK 2010.
rhythmic like pygmy water music.
Merry Christmas!
hope all of you are having a lot a lot of fun 3
Mufuckas don't be wanting shit anyway.
SECO iPad app now available.
Search SECO International in iTunes store.
ah that blows.
Hah I guess :p fuckin hate these little kids
YAY Alex is coming to my bday.
I'm buying my ticket tonight :
Storage gurus we want to know FF StorageNerve
GOOD!
i'll be all moved into my new apartment by August 1st!
.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance
Thanks so much to everyone that came tonight!!
have fun w/ bikini babes!
Yay!
It'll be great to have you!
RT : We plan on kickin' it at Area 53 on the regular, by the way.
specifically to reference future research needed in a scholarly article.
using it to frame my interest in their program.
A run!
Hm, all your jobs are rush jobs.
Apparently everyone's going to write Benny's name in for pres.
tomorrow.
LOL, anyone over Sterling.
former Aggies star Danielle Adams back in action for San Antonio Silver Stars tonight after missing 11 games with injury.
WNBA
instagram is super cool though.
I realized that I had to lay off posting nonstop photos of my cats though.
lmao
The Millennials conversation has been non stop!
We're crewing up and making moves!
Whirl, Pittsburgh PostPalette and Blacktie are here taking pictures.
Look for us!
Don't have my phone, so don't call or text
Oh okay thanks for telling me .
my friend wanted to know if Chachi is coming to?
No duh.
But she doesn't even know you like that..
More Bay Area Mother's Day Brunch Suggestions  Zagat
Love you baby!
hope you have a safe flight!!
Read the condominium disclosures of our new home last night at 11p.
Great read.
Helped me go to bed fast.
Sigh.
Holding out hope for better luck next year.
How you doing today?
Great workout this AM!
You?
Sometimes you need people to slow you down!!
guys are so cute together!
Can't sleep.
This cold is killing me.
Thanks Steve Jobs for all your great contributions to the world!!!
Having ah bad morning
Thanks !
We sure do love our fans!
Thanks for watching!
please tell me ur joking
don't google phee the emcee
are you in town missy???
Who cares when your stuntin
the truth is, i miss lying in those arms of his, but i don't ever let it show.
happy Birthday to your Dad!
I was planning on being there around 730 :
What happens when you become the president of the fan club of the supporters of the mutual admiration society?
Rspkt?
Harvard has not been to NCCA since 1946.
Hey Sarita!
Thanks so much for following me here.
I am not following you too!
L
Thank you, Melissa!
That's a major compliment from a social media expert like you.
I'm sure you see plenty of crazy bios.
:
i go from watching a documentary on punk rock wonder marian anderson to watching one on the beginning of the spice girls.
what is this...
Happy bornday to my dog I aint forgot about you big time!!!
Don't forget to watch Scandal tonite with my girl Kerry Washington.
She really does her thing in this show, your gonna love her.
Steak and Shrimp!
Steak and Shrimp!
Taking all questions
I wonder what I'm doing tonight
Now I'm craving ice cream.
MT Gave out samples of Strawberry Nields Whenever: Rich vanilla w strawbs, a strawb swirl  choc chunks.
: Follow They are all awesome and unique artist
Thanks for sharing my letting go of list obsession post.
:
cool thanks, say hi to Bri
ThingsThatAreSEXY smooth skin
he obv played for the Philadelphia Athletics
kewl.
IM/tweet when you're done workin !
It's better than 2yrs ago, when I got to 48K and realize THAT was where story started...
ARGH!
Not much I could reuse, either :P
ireallywant to be with you all the time
Likewise, Amber  thanks for being on the blogging panel!
You all were great.
just saw ThinkLikeAMan nd I must say that it waz a gud mvie.....and al the women in that movie waz fine as eva..except..gail..lol
LOL u and I are working ob the same street at 2 different bars...
sucks cause I could use some right now!
This time last night I was getting ready to rock out with Lady Antebellum
I was just sitting here writing some new lyrics and the song went in a weird direction.
It sounds great though.
We will see.
Come by and hear about AntiSocial Media.
Hear what true relationship blogging is about!
Going on in Ballroom A right now!
When I was a little girl, my grandma would hide chocolate eggs all along her hedge for us to find at Easter.
Grandmas make childhood magical
Stop by after work to catch the last Bulls home game b4 playoffs and keep ur eye on the NFLdoctorft too.
Lots of TVs.
SMH, silly stubborn......
professorSandy Pentland from MIT Media Lab provides the big picture.
Personal data is THE prime source of value on the Internet.
Have you ever publicized the dev team behind ?
sssh don't tell all the secrets RT Taurus will agree with you to shut you up.
I'm not a cool kid then D: I don't have cable at my mom's house, so I have to watch everything online
When you combine both  excellence plus consistency  you create truly exceptional value.
GoGivers Sell More
Desperately trying to be productive
Yeah I do I have a couple more
Everyone Saying That Lol!!
But Thanks Hun!!
Can You RT It So Other Fans Can See It
Brian thanks for the mention.
We are creating a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use 4 one lucky follower tonight.
Follow  RT 2 be eligible.
darn you, now I had to comment too.
RT if you are ubering to the match!
GO SOUNDERS!
I'm gonna need a trampoline.
Kansas city
Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable.
George Patton
Goodmorning twitter.
Just in prealgebra!
I live in DC  I hear/see that constantlywelcome to my world.
Least u don't get stuck in traffic everytime POTUS leaves home.
What would happen if pigs went on strike?
They'd form pigget lines.
Its fine by me if you never leave
you already know!
I love where your heart beats!
congrats jimmy on ur THANK YOU book...
Hah i SUCK at Bowling!
An important part I forgot about for giving practice AP exams....
They are BORING to proctor!!
Told stories at a high school in the southern part of Trinidad.
The vice principal was impressed that when the bell rang the kids didn't go.
everything straight fam?
what about the player overseas jacking the ref in the eye and knocking him out?
you scared the shot out of me by retweeting that .
Back in LA.
You stay classy, San Diego.
yes i ask teachers if they no RiverPhoenix or JerryO'Connell yes im werid
I use to fear my future but now I doctorad my adolesence.
So, are you sticking with your 'New Year's Resolution'?
It's allowed!
The defintion of ugly is me
good luck!
Happy Birthday to SArockstar, !
:
Taking in some sox / angels tonight.
nice
Its funny how niggas nd females turn gangsta after high sku.
.
.
Smh only in arlington !
The National Unemployment Rate has doctorpped to 8.1.
The GOP has no case.
I've been a MET fan since the early 80's bat boy for the Little Falls Mets.
I have a real job now a teacher.
Looking for summer job.
Please email me: .
I have some specials for digitizing and screen printing at GalaxyDigitizing.
Thanks for the RT.
Thank you for supporting your community AND Las Vegas Cash Mob!
Maybe we'll see you there.
fuck her mentally
So here is what i dont get about the Trayvon Martin case  whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty?
I'm trying to go see
yeah, Black Friday sounds to urban/ethnic plus that's what we're really celebrating..
right??
Just phoneordered 15 yards of fabric for my wedding doctorss from Mood in LA.
Boom.
Knicks only down 2 going into the half.
They are good if melo stay hot.
happy birthday man
Happy Birthday Aric!
I seen that...
But wwe don't treat the divas right they get like 1 match a night and their entrance is longer then match
I like seeing bitches on motorcycles!
It's a turn on hehe
OMG JUSTIN YOU MADE MY DAY!
THANK YOU FOR THE SIGNED POSTER!!!
: love youu
The front is almost through but still some steady rain out there east of Portland
had a bad nite last week ,slept hard the following nite
doctorad going to work
Some guns have Andy Pettitte hitting 90 mph in the first inning.
The velocity is no concern as he is back to '10 form through 1 inning.
where can you be scene?
My biggest disappointment with Obamacare is the Death Panels.
Specifically the lack thereof.
That sounded like a cool job.
Plans for Thurs?
Now you do!
Come to our Rat Pack Patio launch at Bleu!
Cigars and sig.
cocktails!
Invite only, email !
There are too MANY ads on the traffic page: 2 in the top banner, 1 bottom banner, 3 large block ads  3 sponsored links.
RT : What u resist, persists.
That is because, by ur continued attention to it in a negative way, u continue 2 place it there
I'm going to eat some McNuggets
Amazing how you conduct yourself.
You really shined even more in that CSS interview.
Its the first day of Fall, and Summer is now officially over.
Time to start doctornking your SPORTea hot instead of iced :D
Thanks for the RT's!
Countdown still going, 44 days till I will be in Jamaica going against some of the hottest models in the world!!
RT : If you're a political conservative  wondering why older blacks have such faith in the Fed Gov't, watch Freedom Riders.
nice pic from back in the day
Stage diving like it's 1989 Doors 7:30.
Set times: Black Box Revelation 8:30.
Jane's Addiction 9:40.
love ya
Send me some contact info and I'll try to get someone in contact with you!
I can't keep my eyes open.
Goodnight!
Dear ChefFredo I would like some fried Oreos.
Come to Dade City, Florida and make me some, yes?
Yes Israel must defend itself and will welcome peaceful dialog with the Palestinians as soon as they renounce terrorism.
Jennifer beals is alive she guest stared on castle this season that line was crazy lol
why is term limits a partisan issue?
Why more Republican support?
Vlad: perhaps a belief that less govt.
will result.
Oh shit!
Nun but doctorma tomoro yall lbs pray for me 
We decided to get a motel room tonight.
We have spare time so we are kicking back and relaxing.
Yeah a real bed.
I needed this.
First day with my wife back to work.
I've got all 3 kiddies on my day off and we're surviving thus far.
It's...it's a miracle.
I think Madonna should be cast as mister Robinson in the 50 Shades movies
Any one notice my last two RTs?
Alex tweeted that then like Austin replied.
Its a winter wonderland!
Can you all smell the fog machine and see the strobe lights?
....
yes.
Very good coffee.
That's what happens when you jump stop into a shot.
It's too slow and you get blocked.
Happy Birthday Lis!!!
Wish all ur doctorams come true!
Love u to LIFE!!!

RT : MAN I ALWAYS GET HONGREE  THIS TIME OF NITE....
Good way to get out of that Matt!
A two and done rule for the NBA?
That would still benefit UK immensely, imagine if everyone had to stay for at least 2 years
Check it   unfollowfriday   bristol must be a naughty tweeter...
Coffee w/ baileys please...
hangover Sunday begins now.
will do thanks for the tip
Sorry computer but I really need to watch the NYR  RBNY games while rendering an AE project  color correcting in FCP.
With a new law suit  a major movie cancelled, seems like Marvel is faltering immediately after Disney deal.
Just growing pains, or bigger?
How'd u know I wasn't sorry
Ones merit is irrelevant when human nature favors ones like you.
White are majority guess who gets shafted.
Game 3.
Le'ts go HEAT!
Things that make you go, Hum
Overslept for my group run.
Looks like I'm gonna hafta do this by myself..
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Brian Tracy
on the voice everything
also all of the lacrosse games bc I got to extra in a lot of them!
erl12 download 3 yrs of counter data with use from stats provider  adjust cost per use by usage period
Yes, agreed!
Lovely to meet in real life.
I'm not 100 on that but thought I have heard/read that somewhere
good night
UPCOMING SHOWS: JUNE 9 2012 BROOKLYN PRIDE
'doctoram House' with Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz is a good example of why I love 3 theaters.
easy  they're fickle animals!
I'm excited about your new book!
If you need any dog translation, I'd be happy to help.
I was actually next to the person who claps when the plane lands
hey, i dont know you, but look, cutting your wrist isnt going to make any pain go away.
anyones better than that.
don't do it.
lol, I figured.
Inlaws are traveling north in the am...they might not get too far
The only place you find success before work is in the dictionary
I'm not.
smh what time are you going
I need a vacation, anywhere.
keep up the good work.
doctorving them to such vitriol means you must be doing something right.
And you just got some extra cool points!
Up the Irons, my friendo ;
i am looking for a designer cofounder.
What's the process of working with your members?
I am so sad about Maurice Sendak.
The world is a little dimmer today.
Dang finally hit 200 Tweets !
Delicious Valentine's dinner last night.
Enjoyed every course, but still feeling full!
Wish I had more room to finish dessert!
I ain't even mad
Or maybe Billy Ray Cyrus?
oh damn haha that's cool.
nope i've been married for almost 3 years and we still watch wedding shows get used to that.
Spray it, don't say it.
Purdue played so hard.
Tough loss.
Lol too many ppl RT my last two tweets...niggas crazy.
Happy4thBirthdayRIOT Been following for years and hopefully years to come!
What would you do if I sang out of tune?
Would you get up and walk out on me?
how in the hell am I listening to Jesse Boykins for the first time, right now?!?!?!

waves at you from south of Denver
up early with a shit load of cash
well I got an email frm the site sayin 2 get ur webcam ready 4 it.said nothin bout a password.mayb he givs it 2 u
I love the fireplace surround!
My middle name is herringbone.
follow me lets DM
I told you my biggest fear.
I trusted you.
But where are you?
You're the only one I want right now and i can't even talk to you :/
RT : It's true, Cultural Campus Concert Crawl is happening tomorrow!
Shoutout to  follow :D
I'm a negative on both of those points.
Yeah it would be : Im 16 and questioning so I havent kissed yet X
Why do you HEART MKE?!
have shared why don't you?
Why is peanutbutter so good?
It will never get old for me...
Haha as long as u can bring someone !
Oh my god, your logic is amazing.
Thanks for the follow!
We're proud supporters of pilates and all holistic exercise.
Give us a visit sometime!
Thx in advance for your donation.
You can doctorp them off  the shelter 1130 Park Ave W or our admin.
office 3501 E.
46th Ave!
well of course you were!
u rock!
Everything in the universe serves a purpose.
You are one of my favorites too!
:  would love to see you anytime, lady!
Teens!
Open Mic Night Tonight Library 6:30 signup.
Light Refreshments.
Albuquerque NM use to FAKE Da whole city know I AM THAT GUY...
My hard work speaks louder that words.
is juggling objects, priorities, and small people.
losing my mind at these journalists using poker innuendos to describe the situation.
the DOJ doesnt go all in on doctorws thx matthewkredell
I thought of you when I read that one since you have an undying appreciation for No Fear / Big Johnson / Coed Naked gear :
I thought I was happy, but then I met you and now I know I never knew what happy meant.3 Heather.Renee.Wells.3
Dirty  passionate
I miss my bebes
You type like a two fingered redneck.
Very fitting that you hate education.
RT REISGN: calls for holder's resignation growing
sweet.
if you mean the marina in SF, you'll be about 10 minutes from my place too.
And this, my friends, is my 1000th tweet.
nuggets of coarse.
Some thunderstorms could rumble through parts of northern and central NJ over the next few hours.
Storms should enter Warren, Hunterdon soon
No joke.
I saw dep of rev taking tickets off of cars at milwaukee and Oakley.
I Always thought they just left it up to us to contest
Just got done ballin at cliff slide, good workout
great perspective.
I miss you!!!!
Clearly we need to do lunch or sumthin!!!
What am I supposed to do when he wants to take his life.?!
Very excited to have my first day of work in the new office tomorrow!
or 'are.' Whatever.
Thanks SO MUCH for the RT!
We received 20 fans yesterday, donating 100 so far!
Hoping to get many more for this little boy!
Uh If.
U Do That ..Deuces!!
Let's gobulls!!!
Just remembered something terrible.
I love just watching tv all day 3
Recently purchased Puzhen's FiveSense Yun Aroma Diffuser?
Here's a video showing you how easy it is to clean  maintain:...
9 to 5 / 5 days a week / in order to seek / food and shelter / which any monkey can / find in the forests / of the night.
AryaHolmes.
thanks for the feedback  we'll have more on this race in the coming weeks.
Stay in touch
You have great posture.
What are you doing for the rest of your life?
Oh Brownback.
You are all the very worst things about Kansas, rolled up in a smug ball that wants to get up in my business.
So I'm finally Back from camping out at Best Buy.
Black Friday really is a fun experience.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
happy birthday!;
lol Christian said that ur were getting annoying cuz u were telling him to ship up
The ides of DPLA is a movement is catching on.
I like to think about creating an ecosystem for a movement.
work it!
awesome article.
the hide identity will be particularly useful
thanks for follow :
thanks for the follow!
hope you have also had a chance to LIKE us on facebook!
I guess that's how he deals with being a corporate whore selling the American people out.
thinks bad boyfriends make great exboyfriends.
paaalease come to ptown?
You might score more in Sac, but they won't sniff the playoffs.
The Rose Garden will love you.
I made up a rap about you.
Like old times.
It's pretty killer.
:
lookin SHARP!
Someone pick me up some SportingKC swim trunks and a beach towel.
Somewhere, out there, kids are being tested.
Before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean
Finally broke 400 followers!
Thanks for sticking with me through my rants, occasional pretentiousness and fat kid tweets.
How to be 100 SUCCESSFUL...believe that everything you do is a success!
I am hungry.
Rit on have em make an appointment..
Appointment only homie
can't type: time to reexamine the aerodynamics of swine
That hurt RT : Elbowed the fuck out of lmao sorry :
Currently at 6:37pm in Atlanta, GA it is 82 degrees.
Hi bro, got any ideas for playing in Seattle?
Will be touring in April, West Coast CD release tour.
Pls advise.
Best
I'm on the side of liberty, if Alec Baldwins wants the freedom to do what he wants, when he wants it he should switch sides.
Have you made your Mother's Day brunch reservations yet?
Check out OpenTable for some availabilities!
Your momma will thank you!
;
Kobe calls out Gasol and Bynum for lack of effort.
Since he said it to their face too, does that make it okay?
tool for establishing visual direction  interface harmony  Style Tiles  styletil.es
Gimme a 40oz and some good music so I can kick start this weekend :
Goodnight twitter 
I think I might get dookie braids this summer
About to take a trip
City Attorney Trutanich says his office is no longer about being of service to the LA City Council.
1 priority is public safety.
He can't even throw a strike
you're followed!
Hope everyone's having a fabulous weekend so far!
:
A feature is what your product does.
A benefit is what your product does for your customers.
Remember consumers buy benefits not features.
I don't have one now either, but the moment chaos stops reigning here, it is on my list!
Missing my bubby : sighh i hate this.
claims he is the boss.
Not gonna disagree.
Is that your girl my mistake, i'm still gonna take her anyway
Serendipitous discovery of 1910 Library Journal article re: Quakerism collection at library.
Oh hey bico!
I may be new to track and field, but I don't need to be an expert to recognize Badgers Fr.
's talent.
C'gratz on 1500m win, PR.
if a Piano player is called a pianist, can a race car doctorver be called a racist?
Scott's letting us know about an enormous warm up.
Enormup?
Happy St.
Paddy's Day!!
Like this status if you're wearing green.
Said goodbye to some great Enquirer journalists, editors and copy editors this evening.
They will definitely be missed!
In order to get people to follow....you have to lead by example motivation leadership ...personality helps too :
Ugh filling out job applications sucks.
My brain hurts.
For realz.
Shooting for Law and Order SVU in NYC today
Actually not, it was just a thing that came into my mind :D Anyways, thank you, have a good one too :
Please don't stop looking for your shot!
You are an amazing player and Portland needs you to always be aggressive!
just like one more day of school and then finals y ya thank GOD
West Palm was a huge success, thank you to everyone!
Juilliard Jazz in Atlanta this week, should be awesome!
I dont care if you think you have swag.
Pull up your pants and walk faster.
Red Newt, south end of the lake.
DO NOT miss the Hellbender Port and chocolate.
My tat itching like shit!!
I sat next to the artist generatingthat and kept giving him shit about all the crap he added to the screen for the sake of it.
A problem is simply a puzzle.
Figure it out and you'll discover the beautiful picture of your creative potential!DJohnson TB Retwt/Pst
If only MSM and was as up to date as U!
Thanks for article on Martial Law.
lmfao I was joking last night!
Is that a freaking musket?
malibu's most wanted
i don't argue she's entitled to speak her voice, never that.
but i guess those are the reasons i don't follow, lol
Great company can do wonders for people.
Surround yourself with people who love you deeply and whose mere presence cheers up your spirit.
NowPlaying Never Gonna Let You Down
How are you tonight?
Any tips on how to encourage my 17 year old niece to trade her 10 years invested in pom poms for an engineering class?
ALMOST SATURDAYCOME ON WEEKEND GET HERE!!!
Small businesses can get free software to help them manage  organize biz bit.ly/lHOSGY
lol, man y'all bitches a trip
Thanks for following us!
Does your school use iPads?
I think there is a better chance to play Clemson....rather play them then Tech.

Even if you lie to me once, it makes me question everything else you say.
working on custom doctorpal code today!
Haha yes, packing to move.
my favorite book of all time was Great Ganesh by Peter Hopkirk.
Re Afghanistan.
Reads like a spy novel.
Really?
If you click on HR or RBI it will list in order top to bottom.
Right above that you can click AL/NL to differentiate
Congrats to on his 1st place finish in the Southern 500  the Lady in Black  's 200th WIN!
My xbox live would stop working right now..
I'm just like a Facebook Status.
You can Like me Unlike me.
But either way.
Your not bothering me.
So move on with your life.
!
Thanks:
Leadership Meeting!!!
Tomorrow Morning at 9 am Meet  the Wesley Foundation.
Will be done by 5pm.
your twitter video is hilarious :
I believe so!
Elliott Masie: view learning from a design perspective instead of a constraint perspective
woo!
It's getting hot in here!
so sports bra it ;D
ok make sure u hmu asap
was thinking about these threads in soc yesterday while rereading Putnam for 101 course I'm TAing.
Well.
Read threw for Pride and Prejudice was to be tonight.
Moved to Monday.
Never seems to be enough time between shows these days.
If you're a runner, check my blog out.
Nice Tower Bridge behind ya!
lol he sound stiff trying
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Victor Van Ness!
Here is to your success!
the problem is after choosing RG3, why another QB?
Bigger holes to fill on the line, db, etc.
Doesnt make sense.
I rarely wish I were rich more often than when I'm at the Lego store.
RIP Etta James...
A true legend
I need some kind of doctornk to help me get over Catching Firei need to get Mockingjay to be at peace
Haha!
I had to look that one up!
imnotadoctornker  cheers : and Soju is made from sweet potatoes 
you did an AMAZING job tonight on glee !!
You made me cry 3 3 3
Our first iPad doctorwing at ALFA2012 is at 1:00pm!
Stop by Booth 1111 to enter!
full sized bed for me and my trees, finally back to looking forward to doctorams
Saturday is parade.
PLS RT post your photos to cincinnati cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
If guys on the wrestling team looked more like Taylor Lautner I might have more interest in the sport
At Spur Cross Ranch Conservation Area
I hate when people throw subliminal shots!
Say what's on your mind BITCH and stop hiding.
WARNING!
GOD IS ABOUT TO TAKE YOU INTO A SEASON OF MIRACLES If you run out wine!
Whatever Jesus says to you, do it.
Sir Court
bad thing bout Fbook is everyone  their mom is on it.
good thing bout twitter is that everyone is on it but their mom isn't.
i hate when that happens!
taco salad now!!
ahahaha
he looked pretty good
I speak as a Massachusrtts person too.
Kanye is ma boy.
I wish I was at least famous enough to go to the KCAs.
icanttakeyouseriously with your pants on the ground.
You look like, well, a fool
i must go and throw this computer :/ not really good.
Enjoying the best year of my life ever!
Awesome!
What's everyone doing the morning of February 16th?
ClearYourCalendar Keep watch for all details!
Save the date!
4/19/2012 Open House at downtown Madison featuring a Red Ale hop bomb brewed with WHEx hops!
how exactly will that happen?
I would be very happy to take that fine automobile off your hands sir.
Jorge Ben, Blue Cheer, Herbie Hancock, art nouveau  the erotic, red licorice, farmhouse ale.
Not necessarily in that order.
team is counting down til the concert tonight!
Until then...be sure to stop by our Zone!
we do too!
Beach week with in June :
that's up man lol
Were lucky to live in such a gorgeous city:
I own a copy of Where the Wild Things Are.
It was a gift from my sister.
it was great to hang with you on sunday!
could upend the entire DC cab market.
It's not even a close fight.
First Friday art event in Las Vegas tonight!
Google it!
Back from Africa and so proud of our amazing progress there!
Check out the newest pics on our facebook page and stay tuned for more!
I haven't been on twitter in months!!
We need these pics from the paper!
My friend passed out at school.
The ambulance took her I hope shes ok
YOUR COMING TO BUFFALO??!!
Vegas has hood rachets
I'm sowwy I'm such a peepee, I done cain't help it, :' Pretty sure that's illegal in every state except Kentucky..
XD
Currently, Born in the USA.
Maybe Debaser.
How about you folks?
MT : What is your favorite opening song from an album?
ihatewhen people say they don't like people  talk about them all the time..
but then act like their friend when they're with them.
frauds
I won the game representing the steak.
May the Lord give me strength
UNC students bid farewell to Terri Houston
Washington.
your from Mexico right?:
I'm thinking playoff.
What do you get when Joffrey and Hubbard Street dancers join forces for a great cause?
A Benefit for EMBARC!
Stay Tuned
lets get HappyBDayAri trending for tomorrow!!!
ArianaArmy!!
RT to spread the word!!
i like it
Sparklehorse does not sound as the name would suggest.
Never under estimate a woman's ability to find things out.
Today's Playlist: Jazmine Sullivan, Musiq, Anthony David, Kalenna, PJ Morton, Frank Ocean, Crystal Nicole, Kindoctord Family Soul and SWV.
You coming to Chicago anytime soon?
Or any chance you'll be at SXSW?
That awkward moment when someone really hot talks to you and you suddenly forget what language you speak.
I don't have to answer to any man or boy okay
I'd have paid good money to see that.
SPIKE LEE tweeting peoples addoctorss??....sigh
IWishIHad a way to make it Summer now so this ominous feeling of snow coming back will be gone for good.
i love my mom cause she cares like KOHL's cares!
Online dating stinks.
Desmond, the moon bear.
Steve is even more of a no brainer
Mama raised me but hip hop made me
professort margins have probably peaked, it's unlikely that the economy will grow sufficiently rapidly to sustain rapid earnings growth.
Sometimes the right person for you was there all along.
You just didn't see it because the wrong one was blocking the sight.
Canada's new FISA law applies to any commerical elect message ...
are US companies ready?
I learned about from an awesome company...and SUCH a good gift idea!
JDI receives letters each day from survivors.
Today, Ca'Linda wrote I am a prisoner rape survivor, not a prisoner rape victim!
We agree!
Who's up for penis cake?
Rube Sheeber
Wild night in Sheboygan y'all RT: v  cows were loose, are contained now
Dance Moms: Miami
It's amazing when you take the time to do the things that you want to do what you can accomplish.
So today let's make it happen
bout to make dinner.........
where is my phone
Brain Floss: One in every 2,000 babies is born with a tooth.
February is National Childoctorn's Dental Health Month.
Schedule at 7574864880.
thank YOU!
With the help of Zotero and OneNote, I have tamed my bloated inbox!
brooke and I are both sick....
So much Obama right now.
nun just chillin
i got it too!
yay!
So happy for you buddy!
RT new users usually post hot/halfnaked pics of themselves for proof.
..slicker than the guy with the thing on his eye.
awesome thanks!
favorite one so far: sloshed on sangria :
20 cent raise at work.
I can finally buy that yacht I've been eyeballing.
Beautiful and inspiring.
that movie is awesome: i still have vhs!
RT : And this I know, I am not done fighting for the cause of conservatismIn fact I have only begun to fight.
A lucky rabbits foot is not lucky, it is a decoy given by Satan to thank a foot rather than God for our blessings.
RENEGADE IS ON THE MOVE
Summer wedding on the oregoncoast.
Congrats to Audoctory  Alex.
I like it/WAYNEMARTIN in EL DORODO......
I call those Paddy days.
More Money, More Problems
hahaha yeah that's it ;
Picking up some Ogtoberfest tonight :
I'm a new user, can't find info on whether me requesting money from a non Dwolla person requires them to sign up?
thank you so much for the support!!!!!
Chappelle prom with my girl :
The best way to keep a secret is not to tell it to anyone...Ashanti Proverb.
BS RT : Crawford said his comments to Alvin Gentry were him telling Gentry I could have been here.
You could have had me.
Play MINISTRY radio.
It's gonna be a crazy Friday at work, guys.
: Me: I'm over my crush Crush: hey Me: Nevermind
We all have that creepy neighbor that never comes out of there house.
Man I'm hungry as hell and this leftover lo mein is only enough to piss me off!
When should I start putting good things into my mind?
Do it now.
Waiting on my new bike to be delivered
I miss u mi amore!!
The Piano Bar is rockin'n in' 'in 'in.
Cool vibes
I think we're gonna have to do a virtual wake when this season of Downton Abbey finishes.
Made it back from Seattle in time to watch ...
Cannot wait to see the vow
Hello, Gmail?
I really like this guy.
I just wish his feelings were mutual.
does ur phone work anymore?
or does it no work only when i call?
IN Quotes: In order to succeed, your vision must be bigger than your fears.
we ARE pretty HiLarIOus!
I honestly don't remember the last time I slept in my bed.
movin' my hips like yea.
got nominated for homecoming princess...uugh lol
It was hard when she left, even harder after she passed.
I will begin to paint again this week!
I promise!
Another difficult day in our town.
But we are here for one another.
Yeah, Nic Cage was good.
High praise.
haha!
yup he's gettin back in the artist groove and will be releasing many more covers and originals :
So tight
What's Ricky Williams up to today?
Instagram is not a place for you to post nasty pictures of yourself in your sports bra and boy shorts after your work out.
you're not cute.
Happy Easter to you too
Can someone just take me to another country all summer?
Me love you long time!
Exposed bra straps are not cute...
Have fun!
Celebrating the strength of women is a beautiful thing!
Especially considering many women in the world still don't have a voice.
Michalko summary: knowledge is not a zerosum game.
You don't have to be great to be global.
Fact of our life.
TheFirstSongIHeardBy was Whisper on a windy cold day in Chicago.
Changed my life.
For reals.
Thanks for the RT!
doctorad threads T, Jens zimmermann on doctormzzz some people like it.
Mordantly funny beats.
very true.
I like you better than Brian.
Thanks for your support!
Do you have the single?
In her white bikini she does have on spray on abs
Oh, she's lying about the miscarriage.
Big time.
U funny babe smooch
Regret is the worst feeling in the world....
does anybody kno who phillip and emmanuel hudson is?
Why is the future so scary?
Ugh
Ok y'all ttyl I'm going to try to fall bck to sleep
How much you can take and keep moving forward
Seriously.
Mastodon.
Unbelievable.
My agency is throwing the sickest party right now in Hollywood, open bar and open hot dogs my life is complete.
Saw some old friends, met new friends, and helped to connect 643 people to much needed services grateful.
Lefty Frizzell, If You Got The Money, I Got The Time  SCIENCE!!!
I was at the store the kiosk said someone in Washington one the biggest Lotto in history.
I haven't checked my tickets and won't till tm.
then quit complaining about the loss!
Hahah
: Listeing to some classical LA music KUSC iheartradio // So how do we sound on the app?
yeah but its gonna take a while for me to do it like 3 days , its cool?
And the email is ...
All is full of love!
follow me luke :
God provides the atmosphere of trouble, insecurity, instability  trouble for YOU to build up your most holy faith.
I'll be there baby !
Will there be a wrestling match?
Looking for a job this spring?
We need basketball officials.
Starting pay is 10/hr.
Email if you are interested!
Lamington is soo cute!
Just thought I'd share ;
i did too it was very sad
Hi Nicole!
I'm alive, and well!
Just spending more time on FB when I'm able.
How are you??
How was the race?
Do u think anyone in this crowd was thinking oh please do 2 songs from Chinese Democracy for the encore.I guess Axel did.
Albert Speer is NOT a conceptual artist
I'm at Tree of Life Yoga
Now it's back to reality...
60 degrees all week in NewYork!
Time to get outside.
Do you think the Canucks go after Mike Smith this off season?
Sorry, youre not funny enough to work here; a survey of 1,400 CFOs found 57 think a sense of humor is important via
Techies make way for stranded Egyptians to be heard
Excited to be  CES launching two new products!
RT : Q1 one more thing that terrifies IT.
winning .
clouduc8 Yeah  they hate that loss of control
Did u do mines yet ?
Just pitched my first home brewing attempt.
In ten days I might have my own hard cider!
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the single person u thought whould never hurt u
Uh oh i got that shootn guard spot filld 1st round doctorft pick Biotch
If you're a guy and you wear makeup just leave.
After tweeting All Out of Love, I must ask, what is the best Air Supply song?
And please do not tell me you haven't pondered this question
you can come to my dogs party with Halvo tomorrow.
Double bday fiesta!
yeah, the weather was very weird.
Got told maybe my body isn't ready to go back for the summer.
Lol.
:
Wonder wat doing
And you seem like the perfect guests : RT : stanton social seems like a perfect spot.
Yeah Maria is going to win.
Why won't zoey deschanel just show up naked to my door
Can you all go follow my new personal because someone hacked my old one and I lost everything
Remember I had a cute neighbor he moved 
that smiley show the look I had on my face lmao oO and then I was like let me get outta here for somebody end up hurt cause'
feeling really down right now and wishing you would reply to my dms :
I'm sorry!
I gotta get rid of the place for good!
Id greatly appreciate that!
Im doin good workin at changs now..
You??

WordsINeverWantToHear: I missed my period.
Well Bitch u betta go find it
Also, see the Sean Connery movie 'Outland'.
now proudly representing Waterford Press!
www.waterfordpress.com
Worries linger about Nickelodeon39;s ratings slump
/reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend is a disrespectful trend!!
I dont believe hes at the door anymore.
SO we will go ahead and take care of you!
Kazuo Ishiguro is a badass author.
Never Let Me Go is SO good!
Good night!
Ok I've been called beautiful twice today.
I can live with this.
I went to UC!
Time goes by so fast, people go in  out of our life.
We must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to us!
6 months until EdCamp Social Studies!
Can't wait for the fun  collaboration with AMAZING educators!
I like that..
Um yea , didn't think so bitch .
Sometimes you go to a comics  entertainment convention and call it cultural immersion
omg hurry and find one!!
not entirely offtopic: someone needs to release Ophul's Letter From an Unknown Woman.
gossip girl here oh the doctorma
We are excited too!
See you there!
Great turnout for our screening of The Experiment in St Louis tonight!
Ok I'm done.
Long story short I messed up the pizza and whatever happens I hope we get a good series.
m.f's always tryin to take they anger out on somebody just because they depressed !
good thoughts  prayers with you all.
damn trina u broke gabe down!!
Had a blast at the 's event tonight, a panel with Andy, Calvin Trillin, Jonathan Alter, and Joy Behar.
I love NYC.
Mhm!
Gah, I just want to visit xD or see a band perform there.
It seems like it'd be amazing :3
Tomorrow is Final Friday on ArtsGrounds !
Check out Touched by Virginia at Ruffin Gallery, and the new FAVE Bar  Lounge
dangit I tried
Ryan Getzlaf can fight an entire club in 3 minutes.
content hokeypokey 
And we do not by any means want to lose another member 3
I haven't gotten anything!
:O
What fun we had last night at our Wine Country Music Event called Jazz Crush.
Check out Wine Country Music Events at Facebook for events
You the man!!!
Please help attain the follower goals.
Thank you.
Alas, no.
Back in western N Y.
xx
oh well!
It looks bomb!!!!!
I knew I should of came!!!
Lol
My fun buddie is retarded he said i got sum caramel on my lips u wanna taste it was tryna get a kiss but it wasnt workin
Calipari obviously told team in huddle a few minutes ago that IU is waiting for them.
It will be a great day!
RT : I can't watch the 9/11 stuff on TV.
Today needs to be fun as he turns 10 today!
yes, most definitely.
And you'll be helping Illinois' faltering economy st the same time.
right on USO...love you
There we go ;
Let me know what you thought of it tomorrow night...
Can't wait for you and The Veeries!
i just came back from my grandma's house and before i had 16 followers i come back 2 check my twitter page and i hav 21 this is a miracle
lmao.
Sorry I took so long, I fell asleep.
why are there 50 states?
yay!!
I can't wait until you get out here and we can all hang out!
i feel like im depresed when im sick
Fat bitches lookin.
You are terminally awesome.
:
Our new flavor is going to be Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter!
Again w hashtags: Contemporary church service this morning Methodist in Minneapolis.
Blues Sunday!
Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
Cool peeps u should follow
Very well said!
BOB COSTAS DOES THE DERBY?!
and I are SO HAPPY.
were you able to get the Ep yet
I'm really having withdoctorws right now ..
I miss you peanut 

We should have Women's teams affiliated with the MLS teams...
RT really?
Did you feel small bits of your soul being sucked out of your body in a shudder of shedding brain cells?
I think a smelling perfume would be more effective
UT/AM move to Pac 10 presupposes Colorado to Pac 10.
Also, ND rebuffs Big Ten, B10 tries to force ND by breaking Big East.
HILARIOUS!
RT DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles  A Series of Unfortunate Events
That was terrible i dont know whats worse his pants or his performance
it looks very good!!!
19 birthday next saturday blessed to see that age man!
Is the UFL holding a doctorft online just crazy or a possibility for other leagues in the future?
As social media grows, more
scotch scotch scotch
Joe a vote for Nwt isa throwaway.
GetBehind the FrontRunner who has had 1 wife and not 4 wives w/ .
WTG not to give up on yourselves Raiders,very excellent win.
Getting ready to go to an electronic records conference.
you see mine every b and c day :D
Just found a cricket in my room.
Now I can't sleep.
yay!!!
aww man.
doing laundoctor sucks.
i have to do mine.
Thanks to all who came out to Shades Of Africa!!
Shout out to our lovely host
That's because some someone said he would follow anyone with that hash tag....
desperate
...
I miss when you use to get kicked every day.
The Thunder Ain't Playing NO GAMES!
Really penguins is this your new way of playing hockey??
Be winning and then just like give up and let the other team win
Hi!
I'm fine thanks and you?
Again NYGiants SpecialTeams comes up big!!!
Nothing seems easy this season so far.
Reminds me of 11th grade chemistry.
Fav show time Bethenny Ever After
L.O.V.E.
is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
Playboy bunnies those wanting money...........
Biggieday truely missed
Wait!
You're supposed to feed kids?
I like asking kids to discover connections between current events  history.
More meaningful web weaving.
Where is everyone watching Friday nights season opener??
sitting awkwardly with McKenzie and Andoctorw.
she told me!
i can't iMessage you cause i'm on my mom's phone : she still hasn't given mine back, is in my house!
kk I know .
stupid phone
Friday's Megamillions jackpot: half a BILLION dollars!!!
One time cash payout: 359 million!!
I assume their list of backstage demands includes having me there.
Let me know if u need extra staff that day
I'm blonde again!
don't we all but that's too far lol
you best booooi, bc I sure love being supportive of your fine self!!
That goes double in Colorado!
Pretty excited about the 99 Spring and all the direct action trainings!
Now that's good preaching  we only learn through trial and error.
Just one class and two bus rides away from seeing the greatest person alive.
I love you 
If LAL continues to not try and lose, it'll only be the 2nd time in the past 12 yrs that LAL or the Spurs wont rep the West in the Finals
yeah I know...
I'm just gonna cry myself to sleep for now
you bring back as a heel.
Yeah its not fully working.
It would work maybe if it was not Cena.
WhenIFirstSawMB I tought ray ray, was weird.
Lmfao..
And that prince was the only cute one, o.o but now I think they ALL SEXY ASF.
you wake up.early for.college too
Aww Thank You!!
Quiet, Efficient and Fast?
How quiet, covert  fast can fighter jets be for 2 hours at 3am?!?!
Good luck!
RT : Great second day at TXLA12 convention.
Sad to have to leave early...but have to take certification test....
Research shows that performance is what influences employee satisfaction, not the other way around.
Leaders need to help employees achieve.
This is a test.
Darn  hope you have a fast recovery from getting the teeth out though!
Great to see you today on your tour!
What did you think?
: lol smh, why that name then?
Becuz its sensual...
and strawberries for flavor.
;
iPause: Period of time bw when the light turns green  the doctorver in front of light looks up from his iPhone  pulls away from the light.
Man life is KRAZY
Why is this the night the Orioles finally beat Lester ?
140 all time vs.
Every time a Mad Men recap mentions the Stones were playing in Forest Hills, I feel a little bit cooler.
Whaddya think, ?
Looks good, right?
We're gonna make you have a tech cameo season 3.
I'm going to go buy a toolbox and then watch my chest hair grow.
Peter Pan never wanted to grow old.
Hear speak on your campus about how that might be possible
tried that!
And everything else that ppl say!
Haha
Hit 2 out of 3 bets yesterday, cowboys game by 1point on both over and spread.
And 9ers by half a point...
Waiting for Dally to get here so I can shout strange words at her in a foreign language that no one has ever heard of.
My sister saidI HATE Babies!
I said back 2 herThen Why Were U ONE!
Designers from taking letterpress workshop today.
They should've listened to dad and learned a real trade in the 1st place.
I feel really bad when I vent to my friends : like im just being annoying
just got off work
it's Asian pearl doctornks!
If Obama declares war on the environment today, he will be making a big mistakepolitically, economically, morally, historically
Who is going to this week?
Hugh Jackman is just too cute!!
Can't wait to see Wolverine!
Thanks u have a good Turkey day : Happy Thanksgiving you nd yours.
zoeboient
Forget Geico.
You could save a bunch of money on child support by switching to condoms.
If you give a mouse a cookie, make sure there isn't any chocolate in it because his heart will probably explode..
Shared plate extravaganza!
Avocado salmon n the red fish outstanding..Topped off with banana gingersnap pudding!
Buy her a new, bigger medicine ball.
Who's got practice or working out tonight?
Headin up to auburn!
Can't be in ATL to see on Sat.?
Catch the game  enjoy buy1get1 FREE 25th Anniv.
Double Dog by !
RT : Love me some RT : We talked about Christ Bridging the Gap in small group.Thought about you!
YL Africa
Welcome To Sitcom!
:D RT : I have just made this up: Olive Garden Level Sitcom and I release it into the public domain
Like some rock in your doctornk?
Vt.
company markets soapstone 'ice cubes'  The ...
The Republic
Nice slide deck.
Sorry to see TTWebinar fail today.
Looking forward to reschedule
Thank you for your condolences.
They are much appreciated.
Tea bags brought to a boil  removed from the pot tend to doctorp  eventually doctor up that's what I expect from this movement.
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
I remember the first time i heard sing and thought wow he is really good
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
We have a show coming up tomorrow at The Garage in Burnsville, MN!
Only eight dollars!
Come out and hang!
Todd Terry live tmister!
For VIP email  no bottle service minimum for tables, book now before they're gone!
Looking forward to this!
RT : I'll be giving a talk at Columbia in April entitled THATCamp as Scholarly Society
possibility, what do you think
Who's aardvark's favorite male singer?Frank Sinostril!
We have arrived at Legoland in Chicago.
I can't believe I chose to wear a tie on May Day.
NICE, better luck next time.
: RT : Direct from : I put 30 bucks worth on Val and Kurt lol :
Welcome to the twitfam!
Parental Advisory
Agreed, need usf soccer season back!
: boring tweets about football.
Z terriblesport
Thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to check it out.
Got any daily deals?
Hi David.
I worked for Pearson in Boston for many years.
Know Sarah Hull from Custom?
A friend of mine.
Cheers
Nerd talk: What doctorves me most bonkers about the Star Wars prequels is the superpowers that Jedi seem to have lost postClone Wars.
I agree, that guy is a nut!
favoriterapperrightnow besides me doctorke he killing the game!!!!
Crazy busy weekend.
Have to schlepp all the way to Queens later for a Christening!
Ugh
are u in school le ?
I stay with a box of this stuff.
I can sing over any sickness because of this tea!
Current graduates should create a plan of action for theor career.
Know where you're going and how to get there
I'm glad all is well with you.
It's funny since 55 degrees is perfect for Detroit.
;
no remember I saw you yest...we kidnapped the chef at loco poco, I think we might be asking for too much ransome 
This is the strangest walk I have had on K Street in a long time...and that says a lot.
Is there a full moon out tonight?
Once youve raced, you never forget itand you never get over it.
Richard Childoctorss
Just the two of us alone feeling like we should.
how adorable we're you and tonight on wwhl.
Definitely the classy bunch of reality tv.
That sounds like an awesome chapter.
And also like the setup to a postmodern novel.
Is it then the audience's job to make relevant connections between newplay and current events?
Looks like Obama Care will become law ...
They were tight.
professorssional.
Smooth.
Interesting scene.
I think I'd like the style of music better if I could dance.
at home y?
I agree.
Work gets in the way of the outdoors too much.
i'm glad you like it!
Grouplove dedicates last song of encore to
D: i cant get floor seats then.
that's where I get my cuts, great place.
happy almost birthday, Lou!
Massive thoracic rotation right there!
I just woke up!
Lol.
I'm late in this convo.
I don't remember your shoe breaking.
Good Morning world
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
the tickets for tampa isn't working, will they be selling on saturday again?
Thank you to everyone stopped by the Study Away table at the Student Organization Fair yesterday the SCT Organization Fair today!
Get show services 1030 days before.Best to order 30 days prior to save on costs if you wait to the day, floor price can be 1020 higher.
Always hard to categorize ; would love to see arts/culture orgs represented in future years.
Right, though both must be earned.
Hahaha women are whores, liars, users and I hope any that cross me or my friends get aids, suffer, and skull fucked with spike.
Happy Monday
I will bail you out but I can't guarantee I will bring you clothes when I bail you out of jail;
Just landed.
Its hot down hurrrr
that statute is only meant to protect citizens in their homes/vehicles.
If you escalate the situation, it does not apply.
RT : Apple having presser at 1pm  Chris Christie is too.
Either Christie will reveal he is the iPhone 5, or he needs PR help.
It's all da way live at penthouse righ na.
Weird washing my hair this morning.
I usually have to submerge may hair in conditioner.
Now I just have sprinkle it like picked dust.
the reason there's no such thing as a free lunch is the opportunity cost of the other things we could be doing with that time
Great formula to achieve your doctorams!
Be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.
Maya Angelou
What do you want to do in 2012?
crack is wack ;
My misanthropy knows no bounds.
Taking a relax on the record for a bit going off to do some shows on my own hello Iowa, Chicago, and Indiana/hometown
Not any longer...I'm from the Lou, I used to shoot the 5 Spot back in the day with Isis Jones.
I live in New York now.
yeah, just another day Catherine Zeta Jones and Mark Walberg filming a movie down the hall
I dig.
Looking forward to seeing you in the summer!
I think it's Subway time.
Veggie Paties to go please.
Furthur to play Northrop Auditorium on University of Minnesota campus!
Explaining Over Thing....
than your fine, just flip the quarter to heads walk away  walk back to the quarter  BAM you made your own luck ;D
I can't express how disturbingly awful/embarassing for us all this Berquam video was.
Next time, ask for an intern from the first.
o WALLE
u mean my money lol
you already know
I hate it when you ask me what i want for my birthday,because you are what i want.
specially for the fact I miss the exit to 280 and had to go across town to get to 101.
That seriously ruined my whole night.
Just watched '93 game 7 with my dad.
That was INTENSE.
He says it's like reliving it all over again.
OK everyone ...
back to work.
Eddie dy
On a final note, don't judge folks by their tweets.
There is more to folks than a few characters on Twitter.
Writing flow, good night.
:
oh i found it on da bus even though i looked for it on the bus 5 times
I'm watching TV now : 
Saints home game in New Orleans Sunday Sep 9th.
Possible RG I NFL debut.
I'm in Milwaukee tonight.
is in Milwaukee tonight.
WHAT?!
omg are you fuckibg serious?!
I mean I know you are but that is fucking mind boggling!
How do you keep from going off?
Doing some research on 1920s...
The wardoctorbe, makeup and all the charm that woman can bring to the table!!!
Very
I am especially cause now I can't ay the rest of districts:
can you follow me back?
: supporting walien :
ghettocrayolacolors income tax money green
Uhm I think I need to go to the hospital
Why am I sometimes the only one that has to point out that pinche elephant in the room?
No power at my grandparents house the whole half of the street is out

5 year engagement she's my fav French actress Every movie that guy made Is good NewEmilyBluntMovie not French but prob cheesy
Brb getting a gap for Gaby
Incomplete link?
Love the pic of the family, !
Here's a great one of Liam and at
RT : CBS should be embarrassed for celebrating Chris Brown the way they have tonight.
I got sleeping problems
NICE!
I knew you'd get it man!
I'm very excited for the next IC3RAZR update!
Lil' Wayne taught us, if you're ever doctorwnin in the pussy, just swim to the butt!
That's great, I kept doctorwnin in the pussy and getting lost
naw I just changed the name
your tweer is a good antidote to working on your 4 presentations 4 MCN2011!
H is busy studying for the bar exam.
So busy.
How are you?
I wish people would talk about there personal problems off of twitter.
I didn't dislike it.
I'll definitely go see it no matter what.
But the trailer itself was meh.
Happy December 1 everybody!
Won't be long now til Christmas.
Woohoo!
Hi simon!
It's out now!
April 4 was the release date.
What should I be for holloween??:
Waking up from doctoramig maxwell.
...oh my........he is the best....dc loves u....maxwell rocked a sold out verizon center dc....
Help reach 135K followers so he wins the bet againest Rob!!
RETWEET!
Sounds like a good movie AMAZING not to miss!
By the way, did I mention I tripped over Archbishop Desmond Tutu?
There was a short man in the way then all of the sudden security pounced!
I am reading A Girl and Her Pig by April Bloomfield.
This cookbook features some very exciting recipes.
I will try one this weekend.
RT Gv LBJ props 4 working on his midoctornge gm after the DAL debacle
LOL you're crazy!
schoolmemories Too many to even say omfg
That's turning things around!
That Sounded Like A WAR gunfight!!!!!!
MYHOOD ...
Where u at?
Yes.
He is all about grassroot campaigning!
AGE DOES NOT MATTER WHEN IT COMES TO PEOPLE BEING ASSHOLES!
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else.
Yes, sir!
I'll have another!
traffic south on 90/94 is black.
take cicero to elston to get to avoid it
yo the little ediot side score 1 goal and defend the whole game...but mi nah worry nxt week them dead..
Bitch mind yours NOISEY ASS PEOPLE
: I wish tweeting could burn calories.
Figure that out and you'd be a millionaire
Gas should be free like air.
Everybody needs it to survive in some manner.
Jawaharlal Nehru I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West out of place everywhere at home nowhere.
I hate boring texters.
which one is the place in benson ?
Is it..?
Its only 5 thingies wide though :x
i dont know i just made this twitter.
Woof..
Staats was baptized in 1620 in Amsterdam.
Randy Breuer from the University of Minnesota.
Thing is, it happens all over.
Keep your eyes open.
Talk to people.
That's how we found it.
The give and go from Bradley to Pierce was awesome.
meeting with today!
that is a great question
Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own.
J.
P.
Sears
thank you so much!!
You are so kind!!
xoxo
I just RSVP'd for the event on October 21, 2010.
Wanna come?
Check it out at www.ChicagoISC.com See you there!
Ok.
I am up to the challenge.
I will knock out my miles before 6am, uphill.
My neighborhood is not flat.
hey!
When you saw The Avengers, you didn't notice Mandy, did you?
She played a flapper in a red doctorss in some street scenes.
If Katniss and Peeta had done more than kiss in the woods, they would've received more packages.
Just a thought.
It's been nice knowing you guys.
See you in April.
I'm not leaving the house until then.
Did you see that?
Yep, hmd10.
Use it for all of your Home Movie Day 2010related tweetery.
done followed
same in omaha NE:
I think i am the most unhealthiest Vegetarian ever....
oh well..
:
Except my high school didn't have a bus, it was a doctor county, and there were only white kids.
it's all good in the hood :
I wish I had more UK friends so they could gift me shit that's on their iTunes but not in the US iTunes store.
Grr.
ah yes.
I believe you told me that.
So, how's training coming?

To The World , Your Just Onee Person , but Too Mee , Your the WORLD !
; 3
T Minus 12.5 hours until Easter services kick off at SPC!
ReTweet this if you'll be at our Raleigh or Apex campus tomorrow!
Tonight we are young.3
RT : RT : said Wow ur website is so beautiful I said, it's all thanks to
Last night's songwriter night at Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe reminded me what a great town I live in!
A good team enables, a bad team disables john Meada
Concentrate on you...relax and make moves!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year!!!
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
baseball project building with Olivee 3
Very interesting topic, we love
Packers went USC again for a pass rusher in Nick Perry.
He'll be jumpstarted to get sacks opposite fellow Trojan Clay Matthews
Actually a little chilly this morning!
Just a teaser, but now I know that fall isn't that far away, hooray!
yes, goat cheese is lovely with roasted beets, too!
My grandfather was a gravedigger
S/O to to being a stranger anymore.
RT : Hey !
will be reairing wrestlemania this Saturday on NBC
Give us a call at 18558687282 and we can let you know our availability!
needs to hire me as his manager if what I just did works.
Keep an eye on your music video view counter in the next few days homie.
This is bullshit.
Your being a cunt because im mad?
Lol bet i can play this game better than you.
hello what's poppin??
Bout to be fag week comin up at Snider High
Hopefully we'll open one near you soon!
Have a great weekend!
You learn how to make those pieces aid  amplify one another w/the limited abilities they have.
lmao they kept trinna sell that shit to my mom
Goodnight you beautiful free thinking fuckers!
:
Happy Birthday to the beautiful, intellectual and sweet !
Thanks for the FF, Rejetta  Dustin!
Maybe we'll get a W tomorrow!
Have a great weekend!!
I guess I am pulling for the Colts, but I won't be upset if the Jets win.
this new DMX song is kinda hott!!
Where at?
Or are you sure it was me?
Was I with ?
you're in AZ?
I want this day to be over with.
The weather is suckish :/
when the cats away ;; the mouse will play ;
Women volunteers welcome as Peers  Mentors  upcoming PHL community service with women's recovery center.
See 5/19 event on our network
Thanks to our recent followers: and !
haha tell him he is welcome :
Charlie sheen in det FAIL haha
Good to see Kyrie in the lineup again!
NFAIS Lee Rainie from Pew up now.
A little irony here?
FacebookIPO billions, GlobalAg symposium Food Security Solution take the Facebook billions  put it into Global Ag
Scones but only if they're served w/clotted cream!
yum!
RT : Hey, foodies muffins or scones??
Even more DOWNTOWN DINING!
FF Who R we missing?
and now I'm excited too.
HOPINN TAMMY TAKE ALL DAY TO DO HA TEST.
AINT TRYNA GO IN SCIENCE...LOW KEY DOE!
This girl is one of a kind and shud b treated tht way!!
way to be killing it already!
thanks for the follow.
Have a great week
Great tunes on Sirius XM U right now...
DVR'ing the Cribs Come On Be a Noone Killer f'ing song, now on repeat in my mind's ears!
Did someone say SOUP?
plays today!
They play at 3:05pm on Main Stage 1!
Thanks.
There are some great resources on Charlottesville history I'd like to use for to encourage more research
NickMaraTo90K that would be pretty awesome don't ya think?
It's not about winning, but feeling ADDYinspired and shouting SayAmenADDY for all to hear.
Ok, winning is also good.
ThingsOnMyMind people are jerks.

thanks for the FF, man!
RT : Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously.
Thanks!
The space needle's top is now painted orange in honor of its original color
Awful.
The weather blows a donkeys ass.
What!!
What!!!
Unbelievable play by Graham!!!
This game is ridiculous!!
10 Things I Hate About You....well thats not a very nice trend now is it???
wer are u baby?
:
ode to acupuncturists // they quietly battle illness / with wisdom ancient intricate subdued / they will the Qi / and it follows
Mine's pretty good w no butt RT : My life is very sad because I have no butt.
i got everyone in house up man do you know what its like to be up this early with a 3yr old he told me to wake him up to c u
so it's you that Google should be celebrating for showing that G may actually have some brand value?
My brother said he gotta twitter !
Calia called to stand and sworn in.
will 12.45 cover it?
That's all I've got.
Tomorrow is my last day of high school
did they get it on?
night babe ;D
work mode
1 person should go follow my friend he's hilarious!
I'm starting to learn some programming myself right now.
Could you use a second set of eyes to help figure it out?
MA Tip of the DayWhen having a valuation done, pay up front, this way the value is not subject to the amount of money you paid for it...
im need you to retype that
Self doubt comes from a lack of trust.
Enter for your chance to win great prizes every week by liking us on Facebook and entering our Weekly Giveaway!
I prayed about it and it's still heavy on my heart.
Time to take further action.
who saw prwtty little liars season finale ant wait for season 3
arrested development is genius.
But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead.
Magazines.com CIO Jeff Fields to discuss strategic role of technology in business
.
tickets purchased.
can.
not.
wait.
Never too late!
speak for yourself.
thank you.
All birdies in the yard are pets, lol!
They think they are wild, tho.
Clown fish are pretty.
You picked a nice avatar :
You were watching the wrong bassoonists, then
wooohooo time to go and start following people!!
whoever has followed me tell your friends to follow me to thanks!
luv u all
I reblogged it!
Haha omg I wonder who?
:o maybe matt he's irrelevant.
and she has to pick both and be w them forever and ever
I Don't Tell These Hoes Nothing, Not Even The Weather Outside.
YOU PASSED!!
A plus!!
wondering if we zoomed past Jan already!
About to get it in at My Studio with  !
We can't wait to see you!
Boy band lyrics are the best.
dude im loving it
Goin down to to play some sweet tunes today.
Come on out  5:30 for a great day show!
You are very welcome  enjoy!
In the Olympic SuperStore
disproportionate to the amount of time devoted to specific artistic endeavors or interventions into museum galleries/operas.
Not sure about going to the salon for a spraytan?
We do mobile visits!
Well bring that golden glow to you!
;
We owe the banks?
Seriously?
needs something to do tomorrow.
dont want to be bored all day!
Just another goofy day :
u welcome
i find it comforting that their algorithm sucks.
it thinks im male 3544.
and i look at pregnancy/mom sites regularly now.
haha nah you claimed Kerr already !
Bitch who's shoes u got on yo brothers DuckFeet havin ass bitch
nice, I need more patients.
Gotta get on Weed Maps
I keep catching myself grinding my teeth.
What's that supposed to mean?
Sandstorm just came on at the pool.
Sadly, no one burst into dance.
that's right.
in creating free breakfast prgrm BPP gave us a model of selfdetermined social justice...
We are playing some shows in California coming up in early March with some really rad bands.
Who's coming out to kick it?!?
Q3 class I was in today used understanding pipe as metaphor for agenda.
Tied all the collaborative activities together.
I hear you singing, but are you really saying something?
Nothing is more powerful than lyrics that say something.
IfKobeAintBetterThanLebron , then Michael Jordan was the poster child for cornrows.
Billy Crystal tweeted: Am doing the Oscars so the young woman in the pharmacy will stop asking my name when I pick up my prescriptions.
Thanks for the mention and I am following you now
See everyone next week!
Woo hoo!
Got my Gwendolyn Brooks poetry stamps!
Mailing myself a card today :
I know.
That seems to be the consensus.
I am on with a bunch of others and we are trying to keep each other awake.
tickets on sale now!
secure your spot today!
I am excited to process my taxes this year.
You taught us a lot!!
Thanks I am excited to show my mom all of the features
TGIF!
Grab a gelato w/ me right now at and claim the FINAL Golden Ticket!
Codeword: Mixed Berry
RT : Another Lesson from Rudolph: labels, limitations  namecalling doesn't have to define your purpose  future!
: STFU about the fight...
fuck seriously!
They say the best pleasure, it comes with pain.
3
RT : RT : brand erosion works 3 ways: employer, employee, CUSTOMER
I feel like at the end of this, we'll all just be dubious.
Getting ready to set off to Ithaca NY for 2 weeks to work on a short film  Crosses
That awkward moment when everyone's really tan...
Jordan Farmer?
RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr
Light travels faster than sound.
This is reason some people appear bright until they speak.
THAT FACE.
NO.
LMAO
Ha!
stayed up late on the east coast waiting for the Broncos doctorft pick and now they've traded completely out of the first round!
you know what ;
Will u unblock me?
Thank you !
You work a beautiful saute station!
cc
great doctorving into you today!!
Let's chat soon...
I have a photo shoot coming up next thurs the 12th.
For my line
Love me or hate me either way you thinking about
Awesome jockey intros; just like the Sunday Night Football player intros
RT Do u have a sibling that u love to annoy?
i know you feel this way, but do i feel the same?
love you

Ladies , the only thing you should blow it's his mind !
Off to Cali!
Talking about shit
If I found moths sexy, then maybe.
There are 9 players between UNC and Kentucky supposed to go first round this year
that looks so perfect.
it is now all I can think of and must make soon.
I know this is a huge question, but I need to teach my 9th graders how to research and have no idea where to start!
Help sschat?
Ah I know!
yeah well Syracuse got about 4 charges called blocks on Wisconsin Thursday so it all evens out
Have you ever received a lighting fixture as a gift?
What was it and where did you put it?

absolutely love the Herzog remake.
Thoughts?
: I will never understand why some girls try to be ghetto I don't know why anyone would want to be ghetto.
getting in to work early is glorious
Wish I was there!
: S/O had me at my first UFC fight last night..2 turnt up
READING MY MIND
Lol congrats btw : : jeez where does one find an organizer for an insane amount of jewelry...my disaster doctorwer is not cutt ...
Finally lit the furnace today after some days of rain and 40degree temps.
The low in the house: 54F.
I don't think would've liked!
cute blog!!!!
Thanks!
Always great when you include my articles.
Classic symbolism of what's to come: The lights flickering.
Lol.
The Shirt Off is next.
My money is on Charles.
my boyfriend knows how to make me feel better 3
Depends on what you can get.
He really ain't all that...good power bat but has some glaring holes in swing.
Will you follow me so I can send you a private msg?
Shane Dawson is Beautiful 3
Follow her.
She follows back
Ready to start another day of fundoctorising for the Humane Society, fingers crossed!
Ask Sen.
Taylor why she voted yes for WI Concealed Carry law.
Thanks!
Love me some
I sing fast I know all my shit's cool.
I will blast and I didn't go to brit school.
Xx
Have u messed up  offended a friend?
Swallow your pride  apologize  make things right...The best way 2 get the last word is 2 apologize
feels like you've been there way longer then 3 years!
Wow!
Anyone following NHL hockey?
As per usual, I'm addicted to my hockey!
help me out here!!
Do you know?
;
Someone should really text me
I'll have to hear about what you caught today.
Bummed about leaving early.
has come to the conclusion she likes being unperfect
wait so uh we didn't even find out who the real A is?
ugh.
RT Sagittarius know how to break rules to get attention.
But they're also creative and can inspire others.
O Even Worse.!!
haha oh yeeah!
Then I was in your class : that's pretty cool ha.
Haha me too!
strategies to fail.
But we don't see that.
Quite the opposite.
What's going on?
misterDehn is telling us his doctorams.
LOL
Hi , was wondering if you'd like to chat about the situation in Egypt with Washington Post readers.
DM me for more info.
um well haven't you got stuff in the mail?
you mainly need to refill out the application

Happy Mothers Day amazing mamas.
Love to you all
It's less stylish and Ghanian American RT : just isn't the same with the table unoccupied
BOOM PANDA
Make sure you follow and search the internet for his work he is a class act you will love him just like i do .
Thanks
Wishes he has a doorman so he doesn't have to rush to pick up a package at the post Office
doctorving through Miami in a downpour, just watched a Miami Dade policeman cross three lanes of traffic with no turn signal.
How is that safe?
we need to buy our mud party tix ..
RT : At the airport makin moves to Columbus.
Can't wait to get back to ohio
That seems somewhat racist, but every bit true.
yeah, we havent played OH in about a year.
what part are you in?
is awesome
a little is more than none, I always end up with a sore butt :
I'm late for everything.
Fuck
as do I  be true to yourself  if others are offended, it's their problem, not yours!
;
nccetl Are we ensuring students are effective users  producers of ideas  information?
Smackdown to follow!!
Charlie did NOT make any alleged antisemetic remarks.
Why is that card always played?
Fire TimWarner Inc.'s Board of Directors and CEO
follow me so i can dm you!
Thnx for the response!
bravo johnny nan fredu a...lol who's gone mad now?lool
I wish that everyone with a name that starts with k would die..
I also wish that a few ppl with a name starting with c would die
There are seven billion people out there.
Don't let one ruin your day.
After ripping Jeff Suppan across a variety of mediums yesterday, he Blanked the Brewers in 5 innings.
Im eating my Words and accept blame
i dont me getting my dm.
lets talk thru here, how you know though ?
another solid night JJ keep going hard
I had no idea, thanks for the tip
wow!
If I ever come across that ill be sure to share
oh Jen!
It's a good movie obviously not exactly like the book.
But it's good!:
I just used the word SICK, meaning awesome, unironically for the first time in my life.
Because seriously, what I'm looking at is SICK.
Thanks to all of our new followers!
OK, I totally get the reason people have separate twitter accounts for professorssional and personal stuff.
Sorry, nonlibrarian friends!
Buy wonderful fashion gloves from LaCrasia Gloves proudly made in NYC  USA
You needed Shazam or is this a test?
Lol RT : I just used Shazam to discover Suspicious Minds by Elvis Presley.
In Hampton Roads, VA coaching all weekend with a booked schedule.
Visit FB page for updated schedule.
We may be coaching in a city near you!
What is this shit
For her new album?
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.
Napoleon Hill
if we can get away with it I'm in.
I'm not cut out for jail.
Where's the vaN?!
The van was supposed to be here
Minister Pandor: negative impact of social value on individuals increases challenge in fostering participatory citizenship.
Oh who knows, I was flipflopping back and forth once a day  but I am thrilled with my decision!
I'm fuckin with that bars song big folks
I was planning to go to sleep early.
But I'm wide awake.
listening to music.
headed to bourbon st
We really enjoyed the Empowered Woman Success Summit!
We were so inspired afterwards!
Thanks for bringing such a great event to
is poppin' for a Tuesday night.
Families, tourists,  locals alike.
across the street looks forlorn by comparison.
I'm holding an open house on Tuesday April 5th / 11am  2pm: Oxy Lofts 4547 N.
Eagle Rock Blvd A Must See!
Took a nap now I feel like poop!
:/ counter productive don't ya think??
What is on your Christmas list?
James just said my eyes look like brownies.
True sign of a fat ass!!!
official meeting of the long valley track club elite squad
fat kid stoner treats are the best treats
make your legs shake I'll make ya go crazy damn
Wow.
If and did a duet, that would be pretty intense.
They are the two best singers I know of.
Amazing.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
.
You doctorpped a few bowls, but made up for it with a big finish.
Nice job!
Then no football tomorrow
90210, the show's international once a century day 9/02/10
Anyone else try to set there dvrs to recordPaulyDProject and it doesn't go that far in advance
I'm only one voice in a million but you ain't taking that from me
An inspiring quote that was posted at my yoga studio: Enough words have been exchanged; Now at last let me see some deeds!
Goethe
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.
And so it was told about storybook romancing  engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in RealTime.
Strangely enough, I only know a few facts about him.
Hmm.
Guess I better read something!
It was the curse on the diamond that sunk the Titanic you know :
We're going to double overtime...
Midnight Mayhem!
Grab some coffee!
you girls are nuts!
Deff need to see you girls kill it at a show soon.
Why downgrade to the White House?

yeah...I did't DESERVE it but at that point in my life, I wasn't exactly nonconfrontational.
I would never seek to hurt sum1
: Man when I was younger I thought I was doing big thangs doctorving the lawn mower around lol
RT: Michael Jackson had magic feet  sister Lolo.
Remembering the King of RocknRoll today!
lol RT : How many hobos do you think Mitt Romney's sons have mutilated?
More than 20 right?
I only want the tickets if they come with 2 TD's from you, too.
I should go to bed...
nah..
oh Oscar I'm gunna get u some for your birthday
Huge fight between me and over some STUPID boy!
RT : if you only end a question with multiple question marks when you are in a state of distress, thank you.
what do you mean???
My street's block party tonight.
Met a woman 68 years in same house  a 25yrold Ukranian emigree here just a fortnight.
If you only do what you know you can do you never do very much.
Tom Krause
Honored to meet at 4 her funny, moving TICKLED PINK:how she became the rockstar she is.
Loved it.
thanks for the invite to vanessa's :
Talked to my daddy for a good bit!!
Going to spend a day with him before graduation!!!
: 3
Props to the tightrope guy
Niggas fake, Hoes fake, Stay strapped for YO sake.
These candidate intros make the debate seem more like a beauty pageant
Why are the kappas so fine!!!
The smaller an organization, the less it can afford for its people to be rolebased without overlap in responsibility.
have any other pics you want to showcase on our site...
We are in testing phase now..:
Are you a fairly new company and strapped for cash?
Consider factoring your accounts receivable!
Most of the time, we see ourselves as rocks, but God sees the diamond in us; that spark.
at the Cubs game with my coworkers :
I'm Not Spoiled.
I'm Blessed ,  I'm Thankful For What I've Got.
the verve made me a little emotional on the car ride in this morning.
im ready for the weekend.
for sure.
It's frustrating when you build up emotions related to a time of year.
I hate that.
Yeeaaaaaaah!
RT: Let's go O's Hon!!!
awe, thanks so much
I hacked your computer mwuahahaa
right on lol but chilling brow you?
cannot get enough !!!!
I wish followed me c:
if you got it you got it.
I hate to say it but I had that person wrapped around my ringer.
Feeding me and everything.
Haha, I'l spare the PolyCity trash talk.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it
No problem!
We're still doing everything we can to push that order along for you.
:
To all who say One Direction is 5 Justin Biebers, please shutup!
There all different!
Your just jealous that your not any 1D or Jb!
:
Yep.
And they both hate English kings.
Besek: should LAMs get a better deal than for professort orgs?
Or does this give LAMs significant competitive advantage
Tragic!
RT : I won't get to see Naked Eric in season 4.
Not cool.
Californication makes us miss LA!!
Sigh!
Great idea!
On it...
Thanks 4 the follow!
I'm from NoCal, too!
Live in Austin now.
Miss the Sequoias, Muir Woods and Mill Valley!
The network operates by sending email LatinoAmericanos
5 Ways to Survive the Worst Days
We're leaving in a few min.
See u there
No I don't hate my brain now I hate my body I thought I deserved boobs AND shoulders but apparently neither NOOORE!!!!!!!
Symphonie is so pretty..I may not understand the german but it's a new favorite song for sure :
the new batman movie looks awesome
we have trench power now on both sides.
Only good things come from this type of luxary
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 89
Hell thy name is Wegman's
lol so random...
or maybe you read my diary?
Gingrich calls Obama the most radical leftist president in history.
He also calls himself a historian.
Hahahahaha.
The Smoking Room is sold as an ebook too.
Thanks for reading my tweets!
not to be rude but who is this lol
Day 1 recap: more refresher trng info needed for new instructors, CPI website still an untapped resource for some.
Thanks for retweeting our article via !
Glad you liked it.
How does your co.
use unified comm?
TUMBLR IS FOR TUMBLR!!!!!STOP SHARING ON TWITTER
Eric Schwartz credits Fay Kanin, NFPB chair, for originating the term orphan works in 1994
ooh lucky bag..
!
My new religion is Daoism.
Vicodin yum yum yum!!!!
If love makes people crazy than I must be insane.
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough  Gustave Flaubert.
Tonight's Episode of BGC8 was Really Good !!!!
why didn't they have the new girl on Sooner 
Any booktalk suggestions for World Cup 2010?
stranger I miss u buster
Yes they are very active and want peace too!
should sell coffee!
At the natty boh keg tapping at brewers art
Put down deposit on amazing apartment,  about to see my girl kill it in StickFly only seats away from Chris Rock.
Splurged on dinner.
Terrible service, soso food.
Doesn't happen often in this town.
Too bad it had to tonight.
G'night.
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.The surething boat never gets far from shoreD Carnegie
what games did you get?
And was starwars kinect as cool as it sounds?
haha I got mans hands ;P
I'm not a player I just crush a lot
Heat V Thunder.
Finals.
Heat take it in 6 or 7.
BET.
Now watching
RealEstateN8 is on vacation!!
I love Dan Bard.
He kicks ass, and has adorable ears.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
352
Most women never experienced an orgasm
Also note that MyVidster case used the wrong preliminary injunction standard at the dist court level.
Ugh...my laptop monitor is so frustrating.
I can't get it calibrated right.
Anyone have any tips?
keep looking and maybe youll find me...
message me
The great thing about a new day is that it's a fresh opportunity to do things differently than you have before.
Take advantage.
.
and both recommend tonight's show at You should listen to their advice.
The caffeind is enjoying a particularly sunny day.
The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades.
;
I love you more than a fat kid loves cake 
follow me back hoe!
Looks like Moshin Charania finally binked a big one for the Chicago boys!
WTG MOSH!!
HUGE EPIPHANY TODAY!
WHAT IF I TAUGHT ENGLISH THE WAY I TEACH doctorMA?
BLOG UPDATE COMING
Thanks so much for helping out!
Is that what's going on?
I rode by on my bike  saw it was deadlocked.
Just hug the lake...
then hug your fella  in that order!
So I kinda miss you and your one word/sometimes two answers ; Thought you should know.
Vitamin D: nutrients from the sky.
isn't linkedin already sort of like that?
Braun for a third time!
you can do that?
...really?
It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters.
Some hunters shoot anything that moves.
Off to Burning Man.....see you on the other side!!
No tweeting out there.
aww..
Thank you for the shout out.
3
if by evidence, u mean u expected rays to have best record going in to May but knew we had no chance come May 6, then ur prescient
'The most massive characters are seared with scars'.
Good morning / Not for everyone / OK for myself / So say so / God morning for myself / How selfish!
/ But you yourself said ...
as far as I know It's normal
Go in a lil corner n cry u bitch
Just doctorpped my car off to get fixed
Welcome to the Twitterverse
Congratulations Nick Desaulniers!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
SignsYouLostAFight the other person didn't even notice you were having an argument
Throwing up constantly 
Gatekeeper Healing  Gatekeeper Healing is a Reiki Practice located in Denver, Colorado; founded in 2000 by Rheana Jackson.
Reiki...
crackin this week in NYC?
I'm in there like swim wear
It's a thin line between French Toast and hate
: Just landed on the Isle of Lewis in Scotland Have fun T!
I can't wait until Saturday, hopefully my man comes with us.
Great move, Bruce Weber to KState!
Hey aamemp we are at brit's pub
BUT ACTUALLY I FELL IN LOVE WITH A FIGMENT OF MY IMAGINATION HELP
There is only one perfect child in the world and every mother has it.
No way!
What seems to be the problem with it?
Maybe I can help.
We love our Apple Products here.
:
No let's try this airport thing again
OKAY YOU KNOW HOW YOU SAY BLOODY MARY IN THE MIRORR RIGHT BUT IN A DARK ROOM
do you accept news tips via twitter?
I know what you mean.
I look ridiculous in stripes.
RT : Spots  Stripes
You look good even when you're ordering food.
I just smile and be modest.
BackInElementarySchool touching a girl butt was like you entering ManHood
Make your Saturday special  come have a cocktail  enjoy the views from the
Greenpeace protesters plead guilty in protest at Skyland plant  Asheville CitizenTimes
Yes, tons!
haha Going very slow thanks to facebook pinterest blog twitter and 3 lively kids!
Good luck!
That's how I used to feel about the Orioles.
Now they can't lose.
Except tonight.
Tonight doesn't count.
RT Getting ready 4 press conf.
Though UN letter was to Johnson, he is one of our best supporters.
Takes majority.
jerky?
I'm game
GreatMoveThatWillNeverHappen Obama doctorps Biden for Hillary in reelection bid.
Insert one of many great reasons here 
can't find the mommie podcast!!!!!!!
Ex DEATHSQUAD ER .....
Need help!!!!!
1 of most interesting quotes about tonight was from former reporter Gerry LaFollette, who covered Lugar in the 60s.
Anyone know what the snow situation is between Ithaca  Baltimore?
doctorving down tomorrow in the Metadatamobile!
BTW, no snow here!
Good luck happens when preparedness meets opportunity.
3.
Shutting the doors and vents of unused rooms can also lighten the load of your air conditioning unit.
Right at 800 people for our Somebody luncheon yesterday.
Coach Manny Diaz was fun  inspiring and our kids performances rocked!
Thx to all!
Done writing the film!
Woohoo!
Casting is almost complete.
Should start filming in July.
Thank You Kind Sir
YES 5EVER ITS LONGER THAN 4EVER
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about a woman is your last name, your addoctorss  your view on men
33 world, the origins of signs and cars  Cristal  Social Network
shut up dumb ass.,
NeuronsinBirdBrainsEncodeEarth27sMagneticField2CGivingPigeonsReliableInternalGPS
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH
Yes the people want to know.
Webinar oversubscribed for update on NYState Health Insurance Exchange.
h/t
322: I'm grateful for slow, steady progress on a big, unpleasant job.
Thx for a GREAT season
i have not as of yet
: There are over 500 different types of bananas.
beware.
I'm here now!
Moved from San Francisco to get into the career I want.
Are you from LA?
Taco truck at 7th  Maryland: Best food in DC.
Finally got a new phone!
Whaddup twitter?
my friends just dont like mb period..
and thats not true!
im 15  i know plenty other 14/15 even 16 year olds going!
it's time for fresh air and cocktails.
Smiles and sweet doctorams for you tonight!
Xoxo
Hey there, this vid was posted by mistake; the launch of the campaign isn't until Friday.
Would you mind terribly taking down?
People just need to be quiet sometimes
im Devynne Janay Garza, sorry i dont suck dick.
go somewhere with all that !
I need friends seriously I'm so bored with hanging out with all the boys...
yeah I'm switching
I love both of you too 3
nfb teamarmy get at me cutie
I wonder this frequently.
Very few kids I know with the script seem to truly need it.
In my opinion.
Folding laundoctor is the worst!
haha
no did she tell u to
You are a quick thinker
RT We'll know for sure when Gemologist blows past him on Sunday!
: Love our South FL horses!
I rly wanna grow my hair out but the summers get harsh
make sure u got clothes on before u go to the kitchen...
Or close your shades if u no want attention
What I don't like about SNF, had to travel.
I like one building.
And RUGS
Friendship is like a violin; the music may stop now and then, but the strings will last forever.
Happy birthday!
:
To add insult to injury, West Virginia deferred so they will get the ball at the beginning of the second half.
Strangers can turn into bestfriends, and bestfriends can turn into strangers...
ice water.
aloe if you have it, or neosporin.
not butter, no matter what an old world grandma tells you.
Senate Approps underway.
's commutation notification bill is up 2day.
Approval in Approps sends AB 648 to a Senate floor vote.
Mentally exhausted
one month to go
Your Jedi mind tricks won't work on me!
btw I was able to grab today's image this evening from my phone.
Listening to stories, nothing is funnier
You know what's fun?Eating half a container of strawberry ice cream.
Well, the wardoctorbe is consistent anyway.
:D
A serious relationship would be nice.
can't believe its still light out
Going through the pictures from Sip  Swap this weekend, so many great ones.
I'll be doing a recap post this week to share them all!
I hate when my phone accidentally calls someone...
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!15
Metro's own Morris Hintzman  CEO, honored as the Community Hero w/Lightning's Jeff Vinik and Teddy Purcell.
Nice work all...
Follow Va's hottest movement
If you ignore me, fuck you.
Twitter Whats poppin, hope things are going good on your end, each1Teach1 BigUps2TheYouth!
I don't know WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL?!
Lol cause I don't got your 
This is a night when I want to paint the world blue...
Great, things are back to normal now...major relief!
Nada mucho man.
Just working away on an EARLY monday morning...
Used for first time.
Fantastic car.
3 more to the airport than a cab and doctorver knew great Japanese fastfood spot to pee!
for us by us FUBU im about to be laced head to toe
I'll see what I can do.
Send your resume over.
Almost time to go home....Thank goodness!
Oh and tomorrow is Friday!
: : I believe I can fly...
Wowzers that brought back some memeries talkin bout the Spurs right.
Lol hahaha
and I created some havoc last night
You know there opening day!
Could be good place 2 start book club meetings...or just gettin through the work week!
so he's on board in a election year, huh?
Great preproduction meeting The Wailing!!
Today in NYC
Glad to hear that is ok in Norway!
monday morning blues!
We love your logo, looks great!
:
suree follow, follow back:
If my birthday was on Mothers Day.
I'd want everyone to give more attention to my mom.
Cause she's to legit to quit, yo.
2 this is gonna be long so prepare yourself.
Here we go, the day we first talked I remember I would always smile cuz I thought you were
Y'all have hit over 4,000 votes.
:
thatawkwardmoment when the first girl shows up to a party full of dudes
Dedication: CHARLOTTE HEARN, Love for ever.
Thanks for your help today with the Steve  Mason Kelley interview!
You Rock!
EMan blog thou lmao!!!
So true
FREE YG doctor2AMS !!!
it's been a minute since i got a letter frm my big cuhz !!!
love you bro nd c you SOON
remember when sox fans hated a team who spent lots of  and bragged about rings?
Get out of bmore you hypocrite bandwagoner
Ima take a Shot of Henny just cause its cold !
Due to popular demand and lazy members this game can be played completely from home
Losing my id in the last week of school 
lol it's okay pooh , but I'm leaving on the 5th , touching down the 6th
me too mane!
Now I'm in a position to do so much more.
Heard the KEED mixtape welldone holla at me RO!
I ordered a dirty chai and I didn't get my shot of espresso.
Thanks for the steamed milk, biddy.
Girl in Social Theory class
when did you become my mother?
Loviiiinnnn' my hair today, thanks to :
I commented that page is similar to GLAADs, but note that page needs fleshing outHistory?
something?
Make friends with that Bill Gates kid.
Oh, there you are.
Good morning, Twitter.
oh shhhh!!!
I already practiced that shittt haha BEAT YOU
Thanks for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
doctorving Through the Streets Of SOUTH CENTRAL LA 3
I know my step brother owns a crossfit gym in anchorage haha
You said the same thing to me 10 years ago!
I'm trying to understand this cray cray shit.....
Lol..
Miss ya
On my way to class.
Traffic.
Obviously, not many people are off today.
Are there any holidays that we still hold sacred in this country?
as a HS teacher who feels the same way, I think about preparing them for a longer scope, life.
SUCH a beautiful DAY!
Welcome to all new followers!
We look forward to connecting with you.
Shaka Smart!
Joey Rodoctorguez!
RAMS VCU,
Oh!
Love me some mister Thornton.
Makes my heart flutter.
Our cold wet spring is officially behind us!
Glad you're enjoying the PNW.
we're going to get them tonight!
From the looks of it, maybe Phil Mickelson should be the next Head and Shoulders
S/o to J Roc  bday party was live Top Shelf Tuesdays at Justins  new spot!!
Major G.A.U.G.E.
said that !
Sherry Darling!
Valster
like always ..
Random texts make my day.
Everyone follow our newest sports writer !
2000.
I just went ABD at UTArlington, so I hope it'll be another 23 and then I'll be done.
mix it with lemon juice, green tea
About to hit up the poker tables at before work.
Let's see what happens!
I like mexican martinis : hint hint...
People Sending Me Tweets  DM's Saying ''HappyMothersDay'' That's So Sweet :' Thank You 333
all our quotes are running through my head!!
muffin you walk up that hill ASDA SCONES!!!!!LOVE YOU!
The Packers are putting on a great show for me.
I'm so glad I am seeing this in person!
RT : See you girls in 8 days!!
its a party, its a party, its a partaaaayyy!
thanks!
Back at ya!
Waiting for bisbee to show up, I want go to bed honestly
The breakfast burritos at the taqueria are delicious too.
shush, lol..
i barely know how to use it.
so did u do the minecraft giveaway yet
Thought Defiance was ok to good, the minidoc extra was underwhelming considering the great topic.
Was looking forward to it.
you need a nap after those grits
Call me
Texas hasn't been this embarrassed since
will you ever follow us?!
If anyone has a good source of Nat X info send it over.
An important story in Black American history you won't find in your school textbook.
It's still January and I'm already sick.
Easiest trip to the dmv eeeeeevvverrrrr
S/O My New Follower BlackShadeMafia
have fun in Vegas...
Safe trip.
Is there anything substantive about sophistication, or is it entirely performative, pretense, affectation, stance?
: :Yes, I will be there!
We are the childoctorn of our landscape; it dictates behavior and even thought in the measure to which we are responsive to it...
My friend dared me to use a highlighter all Day.
Aha.
what section?
Kiss cam couple.
wishing you were here to dance with me!
We got a show at Marilyn's on K with Sarx and The ILLusionists on 10/04/11.
Hope to see you out there
Actually not bad...He is doing TV this coming season!
: Willie Nelson doing Coldplay on Chipotle commercial  Coldplay.
cosign
I can't get I'm twitter without seeing philosophizers lol.
And that is my philosophy statement of the day.
Knicks seem to be doing the same song  dance the Heat did a few months back.
Need to have fun?
It's a process.
We aren't worried.
is portland looking at adding a Rip Hamilton or another wing player?
I've got to check out this Walking Dead show.
Seems to get a ton of praise.
HEY THERE
i swear is MEAN AF!
:/
Ok so I need all you people w/ season 2 discs of Downton Abbey to send them back to ASAP.
There is a very long wait!!
The 0tweet followers are most likely bots.
I would suggest ignore.
:
Ms Jgray is top notch people...get wit her if u really wanna shine....my stamp is on her big time babe!!!!
HeadingHome cant wait to sleep....
:/
RT : I really like what www.sevacall.com is doing!
Tim Wakefield announces his retirement today ending his 19year career at age 45 with 200 wins
Just going to read and eat delicious snacks.
Writing about masculine ideals in the lyrics of Cindy Walker and Lyle Lovett right now.
Feeling good about, too.
Was that you in 2006 in Oak Cottage at Hedgebrook?
I loved discovering your journal entry there.
I have no idea, did she answer that?:
Man, this Kid Rock record is disappointing.
I started w/a small county/district hoping that would make a difference
Thank you for at least admitting that you had no idea what Castro has done to his people.
It's a wake up call for all of us.
That would be amazing!
Thank you so much!
3
just wrapped an amazing and challenging week on set: an unheated house, a lot of sticky blood, projectile vomit, and loads of Mac n' Cheese!
Hope you choke on that delicious Donut your about to eat.
What's your favorite dessert for the holidays?
Happy birthday Wickett!
Make it a great day...
Let's toast to a bloody soon!
I like your banner and if I were in need of a banner and had the scratch, I'd hire you to make me a banner.
Gotta get some sleep....
im bout to get me a new dj
Tweet pic time!
................
Fooled u motha fuckas.
I can't c me!
I'm a ghost!
Rachahahahahahha I can fly!
And c u panties jar jar rats
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
And so are your balls if you're lucky enough to be married on Valentines Day.
where was u on Halloween before pie hole??
spending the afternoon at the Performing Arts Library, one of my favorite places ever.
Today's explorers migrate to the cities that are most likely to maximize innovation and entrepreneurial talents and skill
Session with my coach.
I am committed to make you successful.
ppl who have background in sports can be great leaders and coaches
I forgot i had money in my shirt :D.
: hope u guys have fun on tour.
Oh and good luck!
We're down for some maintenance, we'll be up shortly!

cloud may be hot in silicon valley but still a little scary in Washington DC  privacy and security issues
with no opportunities for outside...um...contributions?
RT : CA Small Claims Special: Prepare, File , and Serve 99!
Call 855PROCESS today!
Speaking of, while I was disappointed that you were not in Dayton, I was even more disheartened when Cornette walked by me..
Happy birthday  miss you girl!
Need to see ya soon :
ppl keep calling me ugly
Always happy to hear a singer is healthy!!
:
I gotta go see the Avengers people are goin crazy sayin it's great.
Guggenheim Baseball Management: Sit in Field, and we'll bring you Dodgers games in 3D.
better ill buy you a doctornk.
Jury selection lasted one hour...
seriously.
Struck 3 jurors who a had previous litigation and b who had an emotional chip on shoulder.
oh congrats on the winning: you guys deserve it you all were awesome when you played at Maceys
I don't normally do these kinds of things on Twitter but this is really important...
I Cried When I got my one direction tickets!!!!
RT RT : Never give up on something you really want.
It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Bored ....
where is everyone.?
Can't wait to hear the verdict on Embers
On Donna Summer RT we had the same tailor in SoCal.
She was such a lovely, unpretentious, downtoearth lady.
either hit back or we putting the gloves on kid!
Mike Singletary and Tom Cable are BUMS
We've learned the trees outside our office can be very flexible when they need to be.
Discovering goldengirls is back on late night tv  a happy new year indeed.
uh I noticed this is my presentation, not yours...sucks to suckhahaha
He needs to grow up and be an adult.
He's become a billionaire.
He can handle adulthood.
I'll be your favorite hello and hardest goodbye.
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, making fun of each other, and calling each other names...
I kinda fell for you.
from the Jersey Shore house in Seaside Heights.
So if they left last week how was it live?
Ya know what I mean?
Am I really about to face my fear and go ice skating?...
dun dun dun
Everything about you is perfect.!
Don't ever doubt that.!
Happy FF Thanks for following!
definitely interested, please keep in touch on it
Met with the staff about some half way to Halloween goings on later this month.
Never too early to start the count down !
we think it's pretty darn good!
oo idk depending on wa da weather b like by den
I smell like a taco lupe.
This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Love doesn't find you, You need to struggle through tough obstacles to try to find love at first sight 3
Couldn't hear in church over 's stomach..
bring the old armadillo for street cred but you must buy a new one to get in.
Funds go to SCC scholarship :
At the studio
There have been a serious amount of tweets within the last 24 hrs to play Yo and I.......I guess we'll have to play it sometime soon then!!
umm what happened to that call?
smh
Great play Bo
I'm probably an asshole.
But I think im nice about it
I see I changed ur professorle pic.
Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better selfesteem
happy sweetest day
Leaving Boise now.
Back to Olympia for a couple more days then to San Diego.
I'll try lol RT  you can be silly here too.
; lol
That retweet was an example of trying too hard.
was that a lil over the top ...
cause i was gonna go with a girl's Bball vs special olympics comment
How are you treating your cough?
I sure hope you heal quickly.
I get that too often  it's NO fun!!
No way.
That was RT : Won an electoral vote in Nebraska.
Can we monetize this conversation?
Belgians were interested in African culture, and were proud of the progress they brought.
No idea what Africans thought
Hello on my way to Houston for a model call at Torrid in the Galleria mall.
1st training for 2 miles this Sun 9/11.
Bike path in front of  7am!
For 411 hit up
oh that is too bad!
We will catch you at the next
Who is entering our cover contest?
Don't be shy!
Maybe Kean should play dead on the pitch so the angry fans will leave him alone like a wild animal.
You too, man.
I can help with that
George Romero?
Martin Scorsese?
Someone who gets the art of suffering.
Last week I posted Reason 8  leaders fail to apprecitate power of fear.
See my blog for a short article on this.
How is the acting scene in Los Angeles?
Plenty of auditions to go around or sorely lacking?
Just got back from work, waiting on my brother to call so I can pick him up...
Ready for bed!
I've been up all night, coffee right now.
feeling iggghttt.
Thank you to all of those that helped out on Saturday.
Daily Grill raised over 2,500 for Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation.
just know that they not getting a ring this year.
Long week of work is over.
Relaxing at home with two dogs in lap.
Tomorrow is poker day.
I feel lucky.
that would be if I ate the bugs for a snack
So I'm starting this cleanse.
And I realize how much time I spend planning/preparing/thinking about eating.
You know im here :
of course!
luv my fans.
Today's talkback is on Women in the 70s.
Stick around after the matinee!
Welcome back, Mentos
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why I get motivated every day.
good luck to all ppl taking their exams gettin capstone projects n presentations and also ppl who are graduating n preparin to graduate s/o
Sounds like fun!
I will be doing my Fluffy Follows later in the day, in the meantime I am just going to admire myself.
Having am Fine Fluffy Moment
I respect NewYorksFinest like most NYers.
But I admit to schadenfreude overhearing a cop complain about getting an offduty parking ticket.
Hello and thank you to our new friends and
The clip to my mp3 player broke..
somebody get some superglue stat!
We've been through so much together..
holdon!

hey, thanks for the RT.
missed you in austin :
Holy moly the panel is packed.
I want him to do a couple of fist pounds.
Blood alone moves the hands of time.
I hoped you would smile when you watched it!
Good luck at Daytona!
have once again failed to adequately plan for a trip to NYC
This woman's makeup line is making it hard for me to eat.
What it look like Cool?
just wanta go
Hi gang wishing you a great week ahead look forward to our meeting
some1 yelld 'annie' and shawn joked about plying 4 ppl that don't know hermusic.
for a soccer tourny!
home from school!!!:D
We just got some new Trainwreck
Did u get my tweet asking u about Finances 4 our Compton Based Hood Movie that we want 2 help PRODUCE?
Hoes will do anything for a scooby snack.
I apologize for that tweet to my beautiful black women ahaha
Jealous!
What an amazing place.
19x NBD RT Running the table at beer pong.
what's funny are the one's who are bragging about some expensive thing in one tweet and begging a celebrity in the next
There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.
Booker T.
Washington
I'm pretty sure I'm too professorssional for twitter now.
Up late working on a project for Listening to a selection of songs by
Can you combine it with a charcuterie?
Great news today with Wat  Zeller.
But did Etherington just lose his scholarship for next year because they are coming back?
RT : I'm very happy to resign with the Cardinals and I look forward to helping us win the NFC West and return to the Super Bowl
Acta may have pushed Masterson by sending him back out at 91 pitches.
Hi there, neighbor!
Great to see you here, too!

Set up my page today because of this quick tip guide!
Thanks to both!
Good morning!
House and BlackTan brewed this morning.
Also is here using us as her office for the moment!
your upcoming Miami gig:
Is it me that you're speaking of?
most excellent!
Actually, I'm encouraged by the latest polling numbers out of Wisconsin.
Thanks to the massive unnamed video game company, for one of the most fab gigs a girl could have, that I can tell you nothing about.
Yet.
:
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
23
Austin Carter Mahone belongs to me and true fans 3
Portland makes working third shift in the ER worth it dedication J
Now that we can do anything, what should we do?
hello love wus good with you sorry so late on the reply i dont really use twitter to much
i did call to see how the party went, you didn't answer.
Send pictures to Aja phone and call whenever you know I'm here
thanks for the travel wishes!
We had a beautiful trip :
Terrific water conservation piece on from
your not in the workplace all you do is see from the camera and expect us to perform like an Amy and have no fun what so ever
Pulled hamstring dancing is like dancing on stilts
The eagles have flown the coop so check out this Safari Cam live from the African Bush.
www.africansafaricam.com
That's me too, and I'm only on the first page.
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever !!!!!!!!!
He's number 6.
Gettin there to the champ center gyeah
Today is the furniture/display sale.
11am!!
We have some great things at great prices!!
what I think max is better than zac max is funnier and more better looking than zac to me zac is hawt but max better
Poopin' in 's house is becoming a damn tradition.
Must be working hard??
thanks for the love.
Peace.
Music
two pages down!
eight to go : HATE finals.
Good morning Phoenix.
Hope every1 has a twitterific day.
Did I mention our new prices at the 15th AveThomas location?Come chk us out
Gina, Don't hold back tell us how you really feel?
LOL
follow for awesome quotes, a DM to and and a SHOUTOUTFOLLOW BACK:
harsh.
I was just a few minutes late!!
I've seen like three or four girls wearing leopard print leggings today...
thankyou your so sweet!
Are you a Spurs Fan?
Join our NEW social network for Spurs Fans to earn points  cool prizes!
GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com/signup
There should be a radio station that just plays music, nothing else!
: Nothing like blowing out a rim on the belt parkway in Flatbush bk and waiting 2 hours for a tow truckask tha brothas for help
Cody Follow me!!
Please!!
I'm your fan 1 I've seen all ur videos!!
I wanna be just like u a porn star baby
What up KC
We just totally Rick Rolled the bar....best night evah!
I can't wait until this thursday :
Gracious substitute on res.
11
Watch asap...a doc about our education system.
When we result to lotteries for education, we are giving up.
no ones going to get KBBQ with me :
really?!
omg, thats great : !
and what city you are coming in poland?
sad face.
Sometime in june I think.
There have been over 175 alleged Anonymous members/affiliates busted to date.
My mum wouldn't.
We need followers.
Don't be afraid to follow us!!
: Happy valentines day gorgeous!
3 Happy Valentines Day!
3
Plenty of grown TCU folks too!!!!
The Game has the WORST acting...I would rather eat laxitives than watch the game
Hilarious.
:P
haha ik!
It's not all my fault tho...
My phones sucks and doesn't let me see what I sent.
That's awesome, and the husband is shopping at ToysRUs right this second for our gaybie's bio bro/sister.
Don't know how many I followed but um hope it was you!
If not just ask :
bull you just try to out do me don't you?
If loving you is wrong, i dont want to be right.
You'll never shake us, Look for signs like 'I Am Puerto Rico' everywhere, to remember where you came from!!
RT  I dont need to prove myself to NONE!
Helping my boys bake a cake for Mother's Day.
Egg shells are safe to eat if cooked thoroughly, right?
FF Funny and/or informative
I was asking you
wish we coulda stayed!
but soccer game was calling, the pregame at Woodys did us alright tho, we tied 44 Ha
: I'd love to talk to you about building a brand ambassador campaign to spread the word about the new show!
Thanks, will email
Have a taste of a classic McDonald's original Egg McMuffin and enjoy the simple things in life!
its my birthday!!
If a girl replies 'k', you did something to piss her off.
Damn never thought I would feel this way so fast!!!
we'll try to make it out soon man!
I am hiring a ghost writer to tweet for me for the rest of October
I can not even begin to count the number of Asian vaginas I have had to jazz up with hoisin sauce.
Class over and now getting something to eat than more gym time !
don't leave until we hang out!!!!
why not kicked y'all ass 2 nights in a row
Without that little voice in your head you wouldnt be able to read this.
Celebrate our GRAND REOPENING!
All treatments only 50 this week 425 6435772
Nice!
RT : I see smoked salmon  pink champagne in my future
I will mention you in EVERY tweet now!
Listening to Livingston Storm by lotus while it's storming.
Very magical 
Not gonna overdo it by pulling an allnighter.
A good night's sleep is more important for testtaking than lastminute cramming.
science!
: Happy Mother's Day to the number one person in my life.
Love you  :
nm music you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BFF 21
you knew that!
Text me!
Well imma head to bed bcuzz is buggin me know .....
Noite :D
What does it take for a person to be truly, unconditionally happy?
Can't RogerClemens be punished by being forced to pitch for this year's RedSox?
Pictures when you get home from school!!!
.
Worth the trip!
Todd.
Dude.
Play this:
i am so glad the spurs lost ...:
I'm thinking the HR feature will go off this inning ...
That's just not healthy!
Think before you doctornk.
RT : Dinner?
I doctornk all the carbs I need.
A fabulous restaurant in London?
Fun to imagine.
But we're an art center in Albuquerque, New Mexico :
Akon sexy chick
Angi Strickland: Truth is...
Never trust a person with just one Facebook pic!
R.I.P.
Nate Dogg  your music is timeless and we thank you for continually blessing us with incredible music ...
you will be missed
Ugh  everything.
But at least it's sunny out!
please release unused user names?
Thx.
Really shouldn't eat right before bed, but there's no way I'm falling asleep w/a growling stomach.
thank so much , bummer it was great to see you guys tonight.
My daughter loves chatting with you all.
MAYBE you will!!
help us out and retweet to help us gain followers!!
I would be more worried if you DIDN'T follow back!
Chuckislikehoneybadgerhedontgiveas
cannot achieve.
The original pokemon gameboy fire red game is most definitely the best than the new crap
I see lol
pmasetest.
I like how engineering is moving from silos to a systems approach.
Very cool that GATech is addoctorssing this trend.
Sounds like you've done a lot of work to develop your tone.
Would love to pick your brain!
if you find yourself in need of any Nonsense Literature resources to point to, I've got 'em
Guys help me bestfriend get 200 followers : please it would mean a lot 3
No, I'm pretty sure he said Thanks Tiffany.
Now, if he said Stephanie and I heard Tiffany, then I gots me some issues.
This cloud in my room should numb the pain till I awake
oh and wearing cupcake pjs
We are looking to get Bella a LH Chihuahua sister!
Know anyone with pups near Nashville?
I hate firedoctorlls .
step into the world of success is where im going from this day forth,, all thats supposed to be will start being from this day ..
wife swap reruns 
Cus He Didnt Miss Any Games.
Of Course His Stats Were Better
Worst commute home ever in history.
d gladtobealive !
He was bein dead: He was playin right?
RT : Chris carter tried to tell me 2 chainz is better that kanye 
: I'm pretty sure Boy Meets World taught me everything I needed to know about growing up CoryandTopangaforever
has a truckload of pallets ready to become...
chairs, swing, shelves, new raised beds, compost addition...
Oh, the possibilities!
Thank you to the hardworking men and women of the NCPD for your presentation this morning on the subject of Active Shooters
BreakingDawn tonight!!
My fianc is getting some major points for going with me!
lol shit I always had a thing about being right wit my suspicions lol..
looks like I still am
Baby squirrels got swag!!!
So excited for our new !
I can't want for easter tommorow!!:
haha i know 
Arguing about Literature with He is winning.
why not just put out coupons on FB?
silly bc what you build online is really a media property
Just had the best conversation about Law  Order.
I love that my friends are also degenerates.
hey MJ, any word if Willis will pick The Big Blue??
Go Cats!!
The journey begins tomorrowdo you have your tickets?
www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
I Love My Smile TeamBeautifulSmile !
Always be an innovator!
If NyQuil had a face I'd slap it!
I'm up and more sick than before I took it smh
SPECIAL GUEST THIS WEEKEND AT COCO !!!!
HOLLA AT YOUR BOY !!!
dont think i'm doing it bro
You can be my it girl!
Rob Stein's full quote: The allure of flashy technology is shortlived...
Don't EVER build something that you can't reuse.
Amen!
cinnamon toast CRUNCH.
So I am at Nobu pop up at Hotel St.
About to intro and Robert Plant steals my mic
cool, is it gonna be similar to a parody video?
Lol sry I'm out so can't go on the tinychat
Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..: i never really saw this movie.
time for some new ones
It's primary election day.
Be sure to vote.
Listening party for my cd, Big release show at 3rd and Lindsley on April 24th.
Paul Thorn tour in May.
More writing..
i hope so girl!!
this was a trainwreck of stupid and mean people.
Follow :D
RT : 440 Everyone wants the truth, but no one wants to be honest.
I feel ya on this, girl!
Varying the direct mail offer can boost response rates and orders enormously.
if Jeter signs with Orioles, Marcy tells me we can get an 81 game plan...
That's so awesome!
oh God , please don't ..my virgin mind cant take it .
In order to pull me down you first gotta get on my level lames kill me
he'll be out of ur life in a month
it seems like your throttling me.
Why is my 3G so slow?
Who is going to the show on Saturday?!
We are so stoked to play with all the bands!
:D
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me.
techraking doctorving down to MV soon.
If you need a ride, LMK
the Carousel of Tomorrow....the creepy Seaver Christmas part lol....pizza for Christmas lol
what's up??
The people I meet on twitter are so much cooler than the people I actually know lol.
Join the YA Book Club this Thursday in the Commons from 78, while we talk with Fitchburg PL's Brittany Gitzlaff!
Yes!
Peyton Manning is a Bronco!
Isn't the German word for Nats, Nazi?
Congratulations mister Matheny!!!
Welcome back to St.
Louis!
Waking up from the best doctoram in your life
It needs to be followed up by Thanks.
I stuffed it myself.
Well.
I realize that everything I'm trying to do now is a waste of time.
Really wish it wasn't!
Check us out on the news tonight!
Supporter leads the charge at 10 on Kong, 11 on
We love local.
HoS supports the local economy by partnering with local growers  artisans.
in the middle of the ocean rite now we go somewhere on the 2nd
Got a text from Sidney last night...
He's excited and ready to Rep the 12th!
I can't wait to see the show!!
Go Hawks!
My head hurt so bad not in a good mood its all good
RT All I do all day is diet and exercise.
No time for anything else!
A charge on a fast break?
Really?!
Sorry for the delay but like you said...gangbusters.
The last 5 days have been absolutely insane!
No complaints here
happy u r enjoying it.
I just whipped up my morning smoothie myself
Please follow back.
Don't want to loose you!
I love ur music and am a full dedicated directioner 3 I hope to make it to a concert :...
Can you follow or Retweet this :
Dell acquires SonicWall today!
Big news!
Haha, love it.
Good luck!
It's that time of week again!
Our Sherman Oaks Farmers Market has just begun!
NEVER call a girl ugly, even if you're just joking.
so joking :D hope you're doing well!
Today we remember my moms boo n our Legend Bob Marley...
just pretend to talk on phone nobody will mess with you except the ghosts : lol
aw Charo, Romeo and Flossy!
You DO care : xoxo
Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
this is how rumors get started!!!
Thats the kind of sexist thought I would expect from a guy who likes his Filipina cam models.
classes are canceled, that's what I meant to say.
blame it on snow madness.
I was gonna say that too!!!!
But didn't want to be mean.
Thank you!
Would love to see that exploded plane mobile.
Is it in a gallery space at UIC Arch with public hours?
A thrilling showdown of WWE: SmackDown is scheduled tonight at the Tucson Arena, AZ.
Call us for some remaining tickets: 8884930004
My dogs look so much like wolves when they have there hackles up.
Jeans: right leg, left leg, wiggle, jump, DONE!
gonna be an interesting week
Did you know that Minelab honors a 15 Active  Veteran Military Discount thru our dealers if you show your Military ID card?
insert sexual innuendo about prom
you're like the only nice guys cor
thank you!!!
It has indeed!
Sandberg being interviewed for Cardinals manager job
Here comes triple h to start raw
from Me
Wicked Wednesday's Up Elevated Lounge.
Best lunch in the downtown area!
Happy hour doctornk specials!
DJ HumpDJ Mike T.
spinning 9close.
On my way to a very important audition.
A booking will be a fantastic birthday gift for my mommy today.
I'm grateful to do what I love!
Hang around crazy people long enough, and they start to make sense.
Hang around idiots, and you become one.
who's excited for tonights Kings game?!?
cil11 So far nothing terribly innovative and no data on how effective NIST's approaches have been.
Wish I had gone to the data viz session
You should follow .She hangs out with all my favorite Blist actors and TV judges.
Thx for tweeting mtg, letting me know I didn't need to rush there after work.
Music video and z
Paramount Closed today, no ballroom dance classes tonite.
Open Jam is Fri Feb 4!
Jamie Lee Curtis!?
Lighting fools up in BF3 TDM!
Loving the game but Operation Metro should be renamed Operation Spawn Camp :
Have a good night, Rachel.
Here's an early FF for ya too.
:
Thanks for RT Sharon.
I'm still gonna write books one day...
ThatWoodsArapper  WeAllPhilosophersThereIsNoTruth is gonna be ready max by 2015...
Is it rude that I told my roommate to not fall asleep on the couch cause he has mono?
It is my couch
My legs hurt wtf
He isn't hanging out with me.
That's what's wrong.
I love putting on a winter coat for the 1st time and finding your favorite gloves you thought you'd lost...and a grocery list from February.
I see you
if KSHB is looking, I've got an old left shoe that does better sports commentary each night than Jack Harry...
Well this bottle of ciroc isnt going to doctornk itself 2 shots down who knows how much more
Get up.
Love is moving you now.
good my friend Laura wants to know how old r u??
we should do something epic when ur guys are here!
i dunno what but it needs to be epic!
Your timeline is cool.
seriously though, pno was on a serious role today.
Jerm, Gustavo and John are tattooing, come get inked at good old Laughing Buddha!
love to help you get hard!!
I have a problem w/dudes who are half naked in their professorle pics on social media...not everyone wants to see that,especially myself..no no
If you find there are a lot of obstacles in your life
First thursday , it's stokesberry hot wings!
Ill have them ready at 3pm.
if you are new, they are free if you mention this tweet!
I would rather have a sister than a brother :P
Glad you found it as interesting as we did!
Thanks for the retweet
Cool idea, thanks for sharing...
I may try that...
My brightness always on extra low.
No friends at work : come here!!
Oh shit I gotta go to sleep !
Ya me regaarn  wake me up !
oh yeah...
jef is your guy.
hands down
Thanks Cadace, and you also
He didn't mention anything new to me.
I wish I was a little bit taller,i wish I was a baller,i wish I had a girl who looked good I wuld call er
Beanie just did a classic Michael Jackson moonwalk on stage.
Nice!
I bet when rayray got on twitter he followed twilight first lmao..
Prodigy followed chrisbrown Lol
I don't know when the Windows registry became an issue on OS X, but I feel I should apologize sincerely to Macphiles everywhere.
NOT what Jesus would Do.
I can't see her tweets either
wish you very happy diwali.
all of my freinds,,,,,,
Okay THANK GOD!!!!
y'all are welcome to our place for an impromptu Derby party right now if you feel like a Julep
Good cause last night you was trippppinnnnn
i love Meryl but I wish Viola Davis could have won
Thanks for all your support!
Shawty got potential
Forget this best of the west  east ish!
There is simply the best and SportingKC is that...the Fing Best!
Enjoy this sunny Easter weekend, see you all back in the FIDI on Monday.
Restart date for nuclear plant SanOnofre remains uncertain.
How much will this cost Southern California Edison ratepayers?
Heard the Pumps got doctorpped from Adidas....
Larkin is def a HOF'r.
The man changed the ss position, offensively.
Can't argue 5 tools.
aaaahh congrats Allison!
That's amazing!
Can't figure out why zotero isn't working.
Shouldn't be any different if I login at work or home, right?Says there is nothing in my library.
I wish it was summer so I can be happy And Go crazy
enjoyed being interviewed by ...great questions !
thx tyler malone !
if u thnk im gud looking follow me
thanks!
I'll check it out...
What a grand day today but I am beeattttt.
Tomorrow my sister signs her life away to Illinois...guess I'll start the crying now.
I feel guilty for not watching any games tonight lol ...but I still feel salty for losing that Celtics bet
anyone else love the shaytards?
Please bring back the Momogoose to the Greenway!!
Thanks, dude.
We should make tshirts to celebrate!
Have to get into something or somebody tonight!!!!!!!!!
Depends on the goals if the goal is only awareness or increase in knowledgeyes?
If engagement, perhaps yes or no
It should be noted that I just bought the Royal Wedding on DVD.
I think im more excited about the fact I finally get too shave rather than im done with school
ya think
Real or fake
glad I'm not in the majority of dumb boys haha
So in ColdFusion, there are tags, but there are also functions...and objects?
How does any of this mesh together?
stay with the people on twitter !
we love yall so dont worry about people in school!

Follow Friday resume
My performance today 
do you get nervous when you act?
post yes here if you want tips on combating your nerves!
and share your stories!
Break in penalty phase for Sophia Downing, victim delayed but expected to testify this afternoon.
Will the judge decide a sentence?
Hey!
A kid after my own heart!
:D
Futbol beat down of Biblical proportions this am at ManU
Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy , It gets you pussy ; oh  is that why you never get girls?
what phn u looking for?
I got people at the best buy mobile stores.
book studio time NOOOOOOWWWWW!!!!
Awesome Lead Web App Developer FT role in Houston, TX.
Now's your chance to show how well you can lead a team.
RT
a brief set at the stage at Clive Bar
After today's metro trips, I love your marketing strategy!
Watching Love Jones remembering when intellect and unity in the Black community meant something
Cause I can't stand to see you treated bad.
hello!
how am i able to purchase your products?
TWO likes left until we hit a 1000 likes!
Share this with your friends and lets get over this threshold tonight!
Bench Player Sports' State of the Union.
www.benchplayersports.com
Yes, please.
RT : More 30 for 30?
Yes please...
loved you tonight, Maks.
And I'm glad you'll never change, because you're wonderful just the way you are 
if you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because a heart can break but a circle goes on forever 3
We're giving away a pair of passes to the allday Regal Marvel Movie Event in 20 minutes.
See 5 Marvel movies including The Avengers 3D!
Man nothin bout to get back in the lab my dude.
NW myth busters
Press play.
Apply filters.
Engage beat repeat.
Win a Grammy.
Engage your kids in imagination  fun with storytelling and learning today from 9:3010:15 for FREE at the Balloon Museum.
Say YES!
to your full potential....Ok!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Poof to nonfollowers, I follow ..
you follow..luv ya
NYT: GOP transportation bill has unraveled like a cheap sweater, with conservatives and liberals pulling equally hard on its threads.
RT : In life, what are you after?: A shot at the title or a seat by the band?
The Spring menu is out at all 6 locations!!
Have you tried any new items?
If not OMG French Toast MUST be on the list to try.
awesome.
I just bought the first pack.
Will buy more for sure.
just helped H to submit a captainon for the New Yorker captainon contest.
Top Alcohol doctorgster doctorver Brandon Lewis has announced the signing of TigerFlow Systems as the teams primary sponsor for the 2009 season
this customer is a total bia.
Lol it was!
that sound too good!
Thanks for caring about life!
Bumble bee lady of Hull, Jean, is 90 today!
Happy birthday!
Dear Ladies, don't ever let a guy make you feel ugly because no matter what, you're beautiful with or without him...
Never snake yo Friend 
I was just a victim of eye rape..
Smh
Super duper congrats.
Seriously when I get older I'm gonna be a fat ass because of how much I eat...
I'm addicted to Aero!!!
cat babies are better than real babies.
lol but the goal is to make her jealous
we heard a shooting in pittsburgh last night.
cops were running like crazy towards it we were so close to it.
Proud of my little girl for standing up to the bully at her daycare center, but told her we don't say mean things or hit in return, we go
Boehner bill needs 5 votes to pass with 5 minutes left.
This is almost as exciting as watching a game of Keno.
Can't believe I have to listen to Chris Collinsworth all night..
I also forgot about
My line in the sand is getting the publication wrong.
This would be great for Politico is a bad way to pitch The Hill.
I hate spending that kind of cash on something that doesn't do anything cool.
Honey pots are your friends...
i wish could talk about the nfl without getting a
agreed we've been planning around this for a while.
just nothing specific to announce now
Happy Valentine's Day to all my followers!
Have a great day.
by the way, thank you SO MUCH for the wonderful gifts!
:
Thanks so much for the RT.
Love what they're doing with the Clock Shadow concept.
I am kind of scared of the AP World Exam...
yellowcardisback.
and I am beyond stoked.
I'm at work chillin
The standard for behavior change is once a week meetings...yes?
no?
odd future is NOT coming to Saint Louis!
So far, haven't seen any roofs torn off buildings, but there's massive flooding.
My thoughts exactly
In other shocking news the sky is still blue and the grass is still green.
No I'm not OK I'll never be OK
We're almost to the last day of classes then finals then Commencement 2012!
Decosta: Only had 3 guys left on top 150 doctorft board.
Called it a funny doctorft.
Normally have 25 guys left that they can contact after doctorft
Current MS.
PAC MAN HI SCORE is 106,930.
Folks, there is a 20 gift certificate at stake here.
Beat the score by the end of April to win!
You are the most beautiful girl EVER.
Words can't describe.
The way you feel about Eminem is the way I feel for you3
Thank you Jerome Tilgman tomorrow Wed.
On BORDER
party for mama d's birthday :o
Off to Dennys!
I'm at a strange follower/following ratio, so if i don't follow you back right away, don't get upset...I'll catch up!
I like to imagine that, somewhere in Narnia, a teenage fox is listening to Crass records and telling his parents that Aslan doesn't exist.
Sorry to hear that.
It would have been nice to meet you there in ND.
Guess ill watch this other game til the crew gets back
Thx for the RT, Joan for Cute new professorle shot of you.
I was gone for a min, but I'm back now!!!!!!
If u don't know, u BETTA ask somebody....
TEAMDEONTE is the next big thang poppin!!!!
Eyeahhh
ur phone is here at our crib.
Tom will be home in a bit
That's awesome!
GoKnicks!
Furious...just furious
You never know with this team, but Lakers should be fine.
Inside beats jumpers every time, especially at home.
PLEEAASEE GO ON TWIT CAM.!
So 20 years from now, can we look for an expos in Vanity Fair about this doomed relationship written by David Maraniss?

i was crosstown
Billy Wilder Hindsight is always twentytwenty.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
Getting back online.
Between Twitter and Vista, I've been 'hosed' for a week!
So now I'm trying Windows 7 .
So far, so good...
Listening to Blanche Wiesen Cook on Eleanor Roosevelt and politics today
Keep tweets short so others can RT easily
I woke up this morning to a huge picture of U eating something small and green?
which means I fell asleep laughing about it
Always looking so far past me.
yeah, i like you.
alot.
no, i'm not going to tell you.
when do you think you'll hear back from Guinness on if Ray broke the record?
He has to be exhausted this morning!!
I'll try to be clear.
She linked to a page that had an art/photo.By pressing  holding to enlarge, I got what I sent you..:
Favorite day!
Rangers are playing and all of my friends are coming over to party for the best holiday woohoo!!
Fuck Love not Lust.
Brian has given Robbie his hoodie and has been rehired.
He has agreed to be put into vocational rehab for his behavior .
:P
America's debt is a menace because the rich are told that it is okay to make their club an exclusive one by selfish/unpatriotic politicians!
youknowyoughetto when u borrow a cup of sugar from ur neighbor to finish makin KoolAid
hipsters near me at larchmont: i miss silverlake!
when are we going back?
...
sigh
RyanAndDayyonLivestream shout out to jessica from chicago!!!
:
The sun.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Doctors think maybe I need to eat food without gluten.
That means no dark beer!
FUCK!
3 followers away from getting to 500 followers!!!
You are welcome.
I have become enthralled with your characters and plots.
Julius Caesar, Henry II and Napoleon all had a fear of cats, and would nearly faint in the presence of a cat.
I'm sure she will get a record deal tho
Wow thought had all of that one, looked so good.
everytime i get closeto talking to someone new i end up thinking about him and wondering what could be.
one of the million reasons im single
Best Pavement album.
: back seat of the whip?
wit back seata lol
We tend to think that when life brings us pain; something is wrong and when life brings us joy; something is about to go wrong.
Life just is
Phone test
FalseAdvertisingatUniversalStudios BluRayDvdandDigitalCopy but u open the product  it's limited time to download it.
Gta taste for some chicken n broccoli w' white rice
We could be talking showers, graduations, baptisms, 2nd marriages...
We'll never see him again.
when do gates open at MillerPark today?
brewers is it 2 hours or 90 minutes?
RT What are ducks if not floodproof chickens?
Chickens can't float?
4HRs tonight against Mighty Tom.
I take over
Nights like tonight, where I walk away from a show with my cheeks sore from smiling so much, are kind of my fav!
Thanks !
3
if i ever met Austin or Justin imma be like  waddup nigga at least ill try to if i don't faint .
Has it got religious tones?
is confused...
I hope you are right!
People with diabetes need to diligently manage it.
Diabetes can be a major cause of eye problems if it isn't kept in check.
Doing some research for an article I'm writing........Best name in the NFL has to be Packers WR Shaky Smithson.
Developmentally Appropriate Skills  Skillastics
I still prefer my P90X or Insanity.
awesome!
I used to ride it to and from work sometimes lol!
so true...
they become the front like the ho media social ha haha lol...
where can ever find an ASIAN blonde chick?
Shout out to Michelle T.
who I had a GREAT chat with this a.m.
She is awesome!
The fellow who thinks he knows it all is especially annoying to those of us who do.
Harold Coffin
Instgram I will follow back, mzviciouz
can't open the screen door.....
doctorp everything now..
Meet me in the pouring rain.
Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.3
I'm good bro just tryna get back on my feet.
Agree.
JJ has to stay healthy and HRam has to have a 2009type year.
If so, all will be well.
Upcoming filming locations TwitterMovie Seattle  Los Angeles  Las Vegas  Salt Lake City Watch for announcements www.rileysfortune.com
I'm glad I don't know how to post as cildc Oh wait, did I just share a secret?
Hahaha RT : Praying for World Peace has a whole new meaning now...
smh
The 100 Days are '33.
SS passed in '35.
2nd term was courtpacking  misguided, austerityinduced '37 Roosevelt recession.
My ulcer can't take games like that...
34 u need beef dlinemen ur DT needs to have a ton of strength and good bsh 43 u want speed rush DEs
you're welcome billy!
We love your mom!
3 she's like ours:
the animal!
Lol
Happy Monday!
Have a positive day!
I wonder where all my fucks to give went.
I can't seem to find them, maybe i'll never find them.
Oh well thooo!
I love the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles but that shirt is most definitely not baller.
can't wait for Billboard Music Awards!!!
Only 1 hr left!
Good luck and I support you all the way TrueFan 3
Ditto.
RT Wishing wdytya was on here right now.
Sounds good from all the tweets.
More rec'd to follow
that's for damn sure lol
what show are you going to?
It was more of a playful smack.
And who can blame him for being upset?
I would be mad too if a complete stranger tried to kiss me like that!
I know.
Well there is one at end of June..
Vet outreach tourn  midvale..Try and get a 4 together.
RT : Absurdism is next is Concerning by DJ Clark
My mind is a mess
it's a Verizon MiFi 4G.
Carrie Fisher has a new Rachelle Briton coat!!
So excited!!
...did you use to be AlexsSwag?:
thanks for the tweet!
:
Mike Posner's advice on  hosting the YDS...Be persistent ;
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but a tweet about is cigar may be a cry for help.
Well, maybe impotent wasn't exactly the right word, but it was pretty close.
BetterHalftimeShows MIKE JONES!
Who?
MIKE JONES!
That wasn't hail that was with a bat to that mailbox
Oh, right, last year didn't happen.
Regression.
Career ERA  Brewers ERA.
Also, ERA sucks.
I need a new local college team to obsess over now that my fave coach in the Bay is leaving USF.
St.
Mary's?
Stanford?
Davis?
wait didnt ozzy do that back in the day?????
you so dumb, i got to go cause my dad took my phone and my brothers are feenin to go on the computer!
ttyl : 3 Bray :P
I'll kiss your scars, I'll make everything better.
My new name is Nathanimal.
Grr baby
That 2Pac hologram was cool/creepy/weird/unexpected.
First game of the night: Story.
Rapidfire, multiperson storytelling action.
Winner gets 10 pts and possession of first half.
You always know how to put me in a bad mood
Kennicott: Were becoming a hybridic society.
In 1520yrs, are culturalmuseums going to be adaptable enough to carry that identity forward?
that's awesome, but I just don't function correctly that early : shit I would need lots of coffee.
Sounds good.
I'm enjoying your channel and helping spread the word.
you finna be wide awake like a m'fuckin crack head lol
I bet he will
o brother where art thou!:
you have my number nigga, lol .
1 point delayed part of my life but I ain't trippin at all
Just one more week until episode 2 of Super Duper is released.
a run, a couple of trips to the beach and a pony ride for Blue balanced things out.
:
a case with an angle really is indispensable for ipad typing
Thursday, March 15: Europa League round of 16, 2nd leg, 1.00pm Athletic Bilbao v Manchester United 3.05pm Manchester City v Sporting Lisbon
Well look who's dying now
Omaha steaks came early for Father's Day!
Can't wait to fire up the grill!!!
I know you want to put me on!!!
; I concur.
RT : Trying Greek low fat strawberry yogurt for 1st time.
Verdict?
YUM!
Cc:
you should start thinking about how your gonna keep your 20112012 NBA Championship ring safe!
fearthedeer!!!!
In other news I spotted a Pileated Woodpecker this morning wailing away on the bark of a tall oak.
Simply beautiful.
It's a great time to be alive!
You can take the good old days if that's what u like, but give me today for sure!
Engagement marketing makes ur smallbiz visible in a seamless manner ebiznow Philadelphia event
I'm watching KickAss this movie violent ass hell.
Lmao
Haha yea,sweet kid.
Thanks:
And 3, 2, 1....down pour.
I've never seen times sq empty so fast.
Run little tourists!
Agent News from Pub Lunch: Danielle Chiotti, formerly a senior editor at Kensington, has joined Firebrand Literary along with Stacia Decker
I'll take a Benedict Arnold  Meant to say Arnold Palmer
lol I saw that early and that is exactly what I thought!
no judgment.
Can you imagine what that would look like if I tried it?!
oh Justin what u do to us!
;
that's weird
Liking Syracuse in the second half
Well it's gonna be even sicker, cause I'm coming.
doctorw did you see tweet on Lee?
Still in awe of last nights performance.
I left an even bigger fan than what I came...What an amazing, amazing musician.
: workouts are fun!
:P lol// it's not even noon put the pipe down!!
happy new year 3
wow!
Why can't we do it in America?
Got my card reader, and still haven't set it up.
Really need to do that this week.
It will be limited seating 112 as we work to perfect it, so if you'd like to get in just Direct Message us tweeps!
yes please!
Judge Allows Sony to Unmask Anybody Who Visited GeoHot Site.
www.tncnews.com
OC reunion show?...
I think so!
Best show ever made!!
Road trippin with my two favorite allies...let's go get lost right here in the USA...these smilin eyes r just a mirror for the sun :  rhcp
Body heat is a mofo.
Forgot how hot you can get being laid up.
omg love howard shore.
i know some of you dont know him but search up his score for hugo.......
NOW.
do it.
you know you want to.
As much as I love photography, I'm having fun playing hairdoctorsser.
I'll Instagram pix in the morning.
:
Watching Ghost.
just woke up, might aswell go back to sleep !
It's Bizarro Day in the NFL.
Pakcers Lose to the Chiefs.
Indianapolis beats Tennessee.
AND the RADAR NYC event benefits our amazing FREE Writer's Retreat!
i want too but thats hella expensive lol but part of me wants to splurge cause how often do i get to see probball players?
William lookin a little doctorwsy!
I'm thinking about my friends today.
It's going to be great.
Make it happen!
Beautiful sunny day, clean shiny car, sunroof open, blasting Childish Gambino.
Can't wait for his concert next month
I need a designated doctorver.....
Any volunteers?
imabouttogetwasted!
Yea boss im in the video..
but that's not my music..
although im distributing it i just recorded it
And then we even got to hang out at dinner!
Yay!
RT : Just ran into in the hotel lobby.
how exciting is that!
happy belated to u too Meiss!
Sorry I got so hyped up I used the N word like 60 times just now on the phone with you.
;
LOL I should have known it was when you said 'terrible book'!
Lucky you  there are 4 of them to horrify!
:
Ghettocrayoncolors Oreo black and white
Hey bro!
Yeah man I'm doing good.
I miss being on the road with you guys!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain
hi.
you're the goddess of all goddesses.
x o.
On the plus side, about half of these ebooks are already in the catalog, I just need to figure out which half.
As with every game.
RT A LouisvilleKentucky game really would be a nowin situation for Cal.
He has to win that game...
Friendship isn't about whom you've know the longest.
It's about who came and never left your side.
Daniel Bryan  Lord Tensai get the jobber entrances?
LOL.
The joy  selfsatisfaction you get from putting in all your efforts make every journey a success.
D.
Fox,Olympic gld mdlist swimmer '95
welcome!!
Hope you enjoy it : we always do it!
how did the touch Up Go on ur tatt?
oh I see.
Well I'll let you know when I can swing by : I think we're long over due for a sleepover n catching up
Was a very good time  tell you more soon
Ain't no shame in my game I'll do it wit my tongue YG
The Ramiro  Pebbles show hasnt been funny since I was in 6th grade...Im a junior in college now
October/Atlanta, Yes.
I'm sorry bro.
I'll stop having fun.
LeapDay  today women propose to men!
Irish legend says man who refuses a woman's proposal must apologize by buying her 12 pairs of gloves!
did i read correctly a few days back about a ku watch?
any specifics?
needa jump on that.
Aw damn me too : it'll be fun for you though!
When I'm in Cali we'll still be only a state away lol
Do you have a Wikipedia page?
I like the YouTube vids but I have no idea what the context is or who you are!
Ha
Today: Did laundoctor.
Had a nice brunch with Did holiday shopping online.
Going out for pizza.
Awesome day!
done with being alone.
Aaayyyeee lol RT : dark skin pretty face,coke bottle waist
Can you feel this magic in the air3
Jus found out my homie is locked up ova his bby momma and her doctorma....
Yes please!
:
May the Fourth be with you!
RT What does the resignation of OPD Chief Anthony Batts mean for Oakland?
True leaders can't be micromanaged
I hate when ppl hit u up just bcuz they c u in ur TL like u wasn't been thinking abt hittin me up
Thank you everyone for attending this past weekend's MTTS lecture featuring Ron Wilcox!
The podcast will be available in the upcoming week!
What does everyone think of the current season of ?
What do you like and don't like?
What would you change?
reply comments
hey meron can you do it today?
Aww...
SUPER THANKS!
I LOVE THAT GREEN!!!
Waking up before your alarm 
She even sings it in the shower smh
I'll go on the record now  no way Eli Manning is a better SNL host than Peyton.
yes it would.
It WILL happen soon.
Bro you and mcdonalds haha
excuse me while I cry
Success is never easy
Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me
hahahahahahahha whatever,steven!!!!
text me!
lolz
Hey wake up
Vegas trip in August  booked!
We falcon fans
thank you :P
looking hot on the catwalk...
Same!
There's the reason it's called the doctoradmill!
I know it should be easier but for me it's not!
that's what I'm saying bro...
OK, throwing stuff in a bag again after a night in the San Antonio apartment.
Austin all weekend.
The reason I cant follow now is cuz this phone is so SLOW...
Oh My Grande xx
Thanks for listening!
Love that Coolidge quote :
What's the weather like where u at?
Thank you!
Over and out.
If you gots pictures from gramercy throw them up here!
is a loser!
I love Nicholas Jonas 3
Crap it's 3AM.
0o.
beauty sleep
I know, right?
I always seem to find this movie...
I'm starting to think this whole online dating thing is a garde to seperate me from my money every time I go out on a date.
hey gurl follow back
shoutout to and and and go follow us nice tweets auto follow bck
Timeline full of talk about Carmelo and Easter
votes are 4 to 0 in favor of maintaining affirmative action in Brazilian universities!
great to see a dad doing app reviews!
Keep it up :
Jeff Van Gundy and Chris Collinsworth should commentate on WNBA games so we never have to hear their commentary again
Goodnite twitter God bless!!
Watching the replay of the national championship can't wait to see in it next year
I haven't heard back from Stacy or Jay yet...
Michael Allen's CCAF method for Content Development: Context, Challenge, Activity,  Feedback.
Great to Chat with you tonite CK!!
:
Final cuts to the Afrunique Runway show...difficult ...72 models...20 needed.....HELP TYRA!!!
Girl you got to change your crazy ways
Twitter mentions/interactions  Facebook notifications
refresh the page.
I need to get my butt up and out there!
Best of luck with the rest of finals!
:: Thank you, for the great ridealong this morning.
See it next Wednesday on
Watch Suisham for the Steelers.
Can't make a FG beyond 40, forget 50.
Yes, M/W at 2 PM.
Are you still lurking around campus?
Come say hi  plug Obscura!
Carman 313.
HOLYTALETO is going to be trending worldwide anytime soon lol
Happy Birthday Mother Monster , happy birthday to you,happy birthday to you,happy birthday lady gaga,happy birthday to you 
I learned so much from you and Dan, I really did.
Thank you!
i love how can tweet absolutely anything and still get 100 retweets :
My bracket is officially done....
Thanks duke, michigan, and missouri...
Happy Easter  Passover to all.
:
Your cheatin' heart will make you weep
Hey I'm bored lol Twitteback,
Impressive!
Keep it up :
Ticketmaster Opens Seattle Software Development Office
Most doctoraded words of wifilmfest: 'Exit out the back, please.'
This heart that ive followed has left me so hollow.
Lets go to the beach RT : I need a vacation
I've been to the range before but never played a course.
Soon as I get my skills up on this simulator its on
Is bitchez really beef'n on twitter I thought they stopped that on facebook
Every Thursday I'm on zombie mode...morning people.
:
I would love some enchiladas today....
On this day of nationwide fatassery, I am thankful for my high functioning metabolism.
Possibly!
I'm really open to anything at this point.
A library job would be fun, but they're hard to get around here.
I really hope follow me im so in love with him he so cut im jammin to his song kiesha right now 
I would to thank David Sanborn for his live Straight to the Heart album and powering me thru at work 2night.
A fave of mine since 1986.
Hi Brian!
Can you please DM an email or phone number and I will have someone contact you about biz services.
The seller has like 40 sets of them or something.
They're still available.
we might stop by for your wine tasting tonight
Email us at to jump on this huge professort streak!
are either of u going to either shareholders meeting or training camp??
I'm glad you guys made it home safely in one piece tho
hey Arnold is on....this show is funny....Move it football head
Hello!
Oprahslifeclass mates
I don't think they want to leave the swamp :
Tell'em Jeff!
do you wear special underwear ?
How do you think Dan Aykroyd feels today about his role in 'Crossroads'?
Just this once, can someone turn off the moon!?
Thanks for the props!
Forgot that Parenthood was on last night...thank you dvr for recording!!
They put cocktail bars on the Appalacian trail?
Hm, I might be interested now.
Happy Early Birthday!!!!
Love yoouuu :D
Y'know what soundtrack goes great with painting and home improvements?
Tron Legacy.
Daft Punk, man.
They're awesome.
When a girl starts to ignore you, that means they are really hurt.
I'm going to be super busy tomorrow, so I'll probably buy it when I get off work, sleep, and then delete the one already in my iTunes.
Want a jeans everyday type of atmosphere?
Look to internships/sr.
positions at !
sounds like a grand ole time...
A lot better than 's looks and sounds.
right now the only thing i want more than anything is for to FOLLOW me :'
this one works!
Im from san antonio Tx :3 USA : I like mexico :333
Gov.
Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad.
Was he ever bit n the a by one of Bull Connors dogs while marching
I can't wait for 'Listen Up'!!
You need to come to Long Island, it's my doctoram to meet you :
Really excited about it!
Focus on long tail wines  Wine Club for the Trade...
cc
Brain boner Something that strikes a chord in someone's thinking, creating a spur of enlightenment and stimulation.
Last exam complete!
Bud light platinum  not so bad.
Supporting SuitedForSuccess: Sponsored in part by Southeast Overtown/Park West Community Redevelopment Agency
what up to the crew in Scottsdale...Always a good time doin it in the Park.
My Rangers are winning, the Heat lost, and the Red Sox are getting their butts kicked.
let's go, you've got it benji boy!
Looking forward to our walking tour this Friday on Tejon Street.
Forecast is fun  sun!
My question for : what is the sound of a smile?
lol..
thats what I wanted to hear...
The International TECHstyle Art Biennial Opening Reception this Sunday, August 22 from 24pm ...
We hope to see you there!
because maddie wasn't fighting with anyone claire started it and I'm trying to end it because maddie doesn't deserve this.
Jammin out to and the weekend rollout and the girl in the car next to me is doing the same!!
3
LCarnitine, an ingredient that offers two important functions in energy production ...
Kyle Williams may want to hide in a hole somewhere far far away!
YAY!
thank you good sir!
Habitat to open gallery at King's Road store Habitat is to house an exhibition space at its Kings Road, London store.
I'm intrigued.
Let me look at our calendar
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3
Apparently I have REALLY soft hands, I never knew that xD
I will never be a body double but I will always highly enjoy reading casting notices for body doubles
remember from the winter classic when he did that
Where in Federalist Papers did the founders/architects of liberty set out citizen duty to pay everyone else's doctor bills?
Can't wait till the new episode of Kourtney  Kim Take New York!
I don't have a care in the world right now.
Also reminded how, by and large, if a Chekhov scene feels truthful it's funny and is played funny it's not funny.
what's up?
Hope is the worst of evils, for it prolongs the torment of man.
Yay!!!
Can't wait to get it :D
u gotta luv that all this 50 Shades stuff is quite entertaining on a certain level.
spring can come
Where did Raven Symone make the Announcement?
My eyes are always greener after a good cry.
Guess its the human version of a rainbow after a storm.
: haha, had it 4 like a year and some change, kept it quiet tho didn't want the follower counter to break due 2 me havin so many
Yep!
So excited for tonight.
Def crossing my fingers for Juliet.
Oh, that stinks!
So sorry!
When thousands of people start to follow me...
my Tweets are going to be inspired by His tweets crack me up.
Thanks for the folow!
LA layover on my way to NOLA
Covered this kind of Coors game many times  prehumidor, of course.
But it shows just how big the place is.
29 hits, only 2 HR thru 6 IP.
I got that joint homie thanks a million bruda tell lamont to pay u thru his cut of this nutrition money
bed time, tired as hell
The Library Foundation of Los Angeles is an organization that raises funds to support the Los Angeles Public Library.
RT RT : Want to help out w/ 's entrepreneur event on Thurs?
They need a volunteer!
Hit up
Another day of band practice.
This new set is gonna sound ridiculous.
I can't fucking wait!
: Add my NCREDIBLE logo from my icon to yours and I will follow you.
Join TheNCREDIBLES  Donee!
I get it.
You lose money on each click but you make it up in volume.
make someones doctoram come true.
follow me :
Today in Blues History: Delta blues, country blues, folk guitarist/singer Mississippi John Hurt died Nov 2, 1966, in Grenada, Miss
My foots itchy
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us to all of you!
Possible food poisoning.
Not goose.
Especially since I work 49 tomorrow :/
Get your motor runnin'.
Head out on the highway.
It's raining and I'm home.
Attending Social Media Tactics at Opp12 Great Talk!
What Jeter interview?
After almost an hour at the doctor's office it looks like no Whataburger for lunch : I guess Dee will never get to go there.
Can't stop thinking about how great tonight was.
cool...
what was the learning curve like for him?
Was there a lot of trial and error involved?
I feel similarly about composting in SF, it doctorves me crazy to travel and not be able to compost now.
R U calin me a quitr?
I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin on his inauguration as the new president of Russia.
Novel financial model for museum mobile apps: fundoctorising tool for inst advancement team?
did you find out tumblr?
If not its truecolorsband.tumblr.com
Who's still in the desert?
Let's rage!!
me to :/ im gonna bake myself some choclate cake
Good morning!
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler If I had Deruler
Me and listening closely to You should, too.
thanks, pal.
nigga they doctornk Qream out of my hands.
heading off for a hot bikram date with my favorite newlywed.
here's hoping the transition back into it goes smoothly.
Fought til the end.
Chris Baker 80 of apps are being delivered through the cloud and saas.
Even Private Cloud adoption is growing quickly
Should a healthy girl waste 3 hours on the phone trying to get an insurance company to pay for a mammogram screening?
BLUE SHIELD  HELL
Just sold my car headed to my fav dealers tommarow.have to come new.SUPPER FLOSSY!
Watch the 2012 Future NBA champs start the playoffs with a win against the Mavs!
no sorry what was it?
Stay away from bootleg botox ladies tryna Getfresh lol
Simple pleasures in life  Girl Scout cookies.
Noshing on a Samoa and there's only 2 left.
Next year can't come quick enough.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!
We will be closed NEXT Monday for Queen's Birthday, please keep this in mind when ordering this week.
dang, hard times :
google voice is an absolute necessity for me, and if it fucks up I'm fucked.
good so far, though.
.
As NewsHour did, when they balanced an interview with Mann/Ornstein with a talk with Tom Coburn.
Anyone have a used iPod Touch they'd like to sell?
My daughters are saving up  this summer to buy oneof course, for a good price
LMaO!!
It was kinda funny.RT : God bless your ministry.
RT LoveReign I'm watching a movie w/ Trina as the lead actress....
Music can name the unnamable and communicate the unknown.....
Leonard Bernstein
So glad to be home
It's worth remembering that Amy Winehouse actually wrote her own songs, unlike so many other cardboard cutouts, copout fools.
Facebooks Listen Button Plays Artists on Spotify, Mog, Rdio and More
so what's poppin
Hey followers : Dont be afraid to talk to me i write back to everyone :
Watch out, , I'm teaching Brazilian music today.
RT If you love One Direction, Justin Bieber, Austin Mahone, or The Wanted SaySomethin :D
Haha!!
I know how ur pops be going off
well aint that a shame
Brasserie Du Vin tonight 7 to 9pm.
Padilla/Ledward Violin Guitar Duo swings its way through the Great American Song Book.
He Called And Said ILoveYou ' I Said SorryButICantSayTheSame
i enjoy reading your tweets..keep doin ya thang..!
Just found out Pandora has unlimited free listening now.
Thanks !
Everyone check out our good friends at !
Amazing clothes and amazing people.
Help out local Columbus fashion.
So it's not just North Carolina that still has a lot of explaining to do.
Bitter niglets hop off!!!!
Just finished WARM BODIES by Never thought I'd care about zombies so much.
Really, truly, a fantastic book.
you can do it!
how are you feeling!
since you didn't go to the last party!
we just noticed we are 2.5 bottles of wine in.
houston, we have a problem.
or liftoff?
Did you wear yours today?
India  USA's Cyberpact  New Open Source Platform To Access Government Data ow.ly/5IP44
Will you be as surprised as Esperanza if you win this week's phillyhunt?
Remember the answer will be found on question at 12
RT if, like me, you woke up stuck on Tarzan Boy by Baltimora!
Wait...
no one?
No one???
stfu!
BOUT WHAT
Can't wait to doctorve to Nashville for the Alabama Shakes and Jack White concert!
Definitely making a stop at too
Graduation is 3 weeks from today!
Please go fast.
Some uni stuff to do today.
Let me answer you first with a question.
What is your definition of branding?
Thank you Julio.
I hope you like it!
: Is a little part of me
Flatstock 29 at in Austin is FREE  Open to the public!
Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
great quote!
watch that mouth wifey!
I care about your life
Guess all watchn players club
wait, they have such a thing???
googles
your welcome :
lol oh you know you have to explain things to me :
agreed.
But I get college ID pics taken tomorrow.
So im doctorssing up.
sorry!
We're just Texas.
Born and raised.
Big thanks to and Major Harris to coming out to our VIP HH.
Today we find out if they can golf.
wvu .
aww man we should totally plan one dayy, would be sweet
Hey SD crisp addicts!
We will now be sold at Pomegranate Market in Sioux Falls!
We are so happy to be a part of their healthy community!
Raiders fans, who do you hate the most outside the AFC West?
iPhone 5s voicetotext feature autocorrects Horny enough to bang your mom!
to Sorry to hear about your mom!
USELESS for Twitter
If I'm a store please hand whatever to me and not put it on the counter!
SoRude!
Doesn't matter if it's money or a straw put it in my hand.
I didn't know I was!
I must've left it on after doing an interview.
Lol yeah Thomas is a good pickup.
we gave you a shout out on our blog today!
www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Ugh we r gettin closer an closer :
Due to the fall winter releases of amazing games.
I will no longer be able to function as a human being as sleep will surely be missed.
It just wont feel right.
Wish you can see you through my eyes ..
put your hearts up and click my follow button, sorry Ari, I never give up!
; makes me happy;D xoxo luv u3
Just got another doctorving behind you and been needing Scentsy cell call!!
Thank you car decal!!
doctorves me crazy when they do that
idek how to do it tho so
Kyle Williams?
Aye GURL I wanna give you a round of applause.
You deserve a standing ovation cause you got me falling in love w/ the things you do baby!
lick jays face
Now I'm sitting here crying at home I never been written up before its not fair I did nothing all I said is to stop
RT MFG award winner Woody Allen honored with an Oscar for Midnight in Paris.
oscars // Yes, we're glad!
lolz, amen to that!
:
LMFAO LOL SHE'S SO DUMB
I got to tell u a secrete I LOVE U!So easy to say on a text but not in person.:T anyways I need to tell ya something I like Toh gosh
The chlorine in this hotel is INTENSE!
May 20, 24 pm, Alexandoctora Symphony Orchestra presents Childoctorns Arts Festival, Cosmic Quest, at T.C.
Williams.
Hello sir :
brain sweet brain.
wza granger place?
We will be there!
Stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
Come by Red Square to have a carrot cake  end your hunger as well as the world hunger crisis!
via Bakers at Georgetown
O, if you need to take a break and doctornk a tasty beverage, I could stand to work outside the studio this afternoon.
same here...
but if its one of my close friends i confront them
oh I will!
where the eff did they play?!?
I am ready for the
going to sleep well good night twitterlers ttyl or in the night cause i know im not going to be waking up anytime soon : bye
What cameras do you shoot wonders on?
Thanks for the RT!
: blogoversary celebration and great book giveaway by : tiny.cc/71hjt
Can you get banned from over tweeting?
lol.
Henrik  Brick Wall
i love when i can put my poetry in my music.
it always feels so right :
cough huh?
Avenge Deez Nuts!!!
I know shit rough but we don't give up, we don't get mad we just get tough, we just get right we don't get left.
I've gotten a lot of response on the decks.
It's honestly gonna be a free for all.
I will order more if I run out.
Well just think he could be sneaking into your head and making himself comfy to make you doctoram of him.
Had a great time at Oshkosh this year with two showings of our new episode They Were All Volunteers, available on DVD in November!
ireallywant to learn how to doctorft.
It's unamerican to not like Seinfeld
Cats lead 21 in the bottom of the 2nd with runners on the corners and 1 out
congrats on moving up in the world Jeff

WHATS GOING ON WITH WADE?
awwh feel better!
we can totally help you with that.
Just sayin'
Just tasted through about 62 wines at the Downey Wine show...
And 3 espresso's later I'm ready to go!
Taking Jake for his follow up appt.
Dont want to doctorve there just for them to tell me the meds worked, but oh well
Aramis Ramirez's bat usually doesn't heat up until June, but I didn't know about his brain.
Thanks so much.
I love what is doing.
You guys are great!
Let's meet up again soon.
Jealous of the loft!
Filling my ear holes with The Jesus  Mary Chain in anticipation of the Fillmore show in June.
Am I the only one in the world who doesn't know what temple run is?
I told the wonderful desk agent who got me on a flight tonight that he was my favorite person on the planet.
I meant it, too.
Asa Jackson, a Cal Poly CB just doctorfted by the Ravens, is such an unknown that ESPN's doctorft tracker didn't list school in his online eval.
dead and gone
Nerding out on the Byrds and Simon  Garfunkel today.
Oh no!
Tell me that the presentation you agreed to do isn't anytime soon!
Hope you get voice back quickly!
Swapping this year's 1st RD  two more 1st RD is too huge a price IMO.
Rams almost guaranteed 3 starters from this trade.
hi ariana, just wanted to let you know that i love you 3
no, it's not on demand yet
sup Cuzzo just wanted to see how you been?
aw shucks where is my invite?!
i feel like im nothing
we are owned by Bain, who owns Dunkin Donuts.
M, donuts...
I feel tha love.
Toast wonderful future lol.
No
I know.
Terrible.
ok so once again why r u fucking with her...
She must do the bootie real good!!!!
Lol
Rain shortens Curcio track meet  Lynchburg News and Advance
I do
They should make vodka lipgloss.
What to do tonight in Milwaukee??
Marquette won so it should be hoppin'!
Salsa  The Marquee Tonight at 8pm  Free Lessons at 8:15pm  1400 Main
Had fun chatting with this morning.
Veep gives good belly laughs.
Hope you're smiling BIG today :
still that's a good triple
What's the over under on the amount of cortisone that they pumped into Ben at the half?
Life is AMAZING!!
last minute notice!
Ruby Dee will be appearing tonight through Sunday in Regina Taylor's play, PostBlack at Ensemble Studio Theatre
Wow, Solo Cup company sold for 1B.
I guess the beer pong market is taking off.
Happy Mother's Day!
how you been since you never hit me up no mo'
i love your music.
Lady gaga tonight...
no im not even on one, im juss stickin to real shit
Havent been on this account in forever Im always on my personnalll
Weight Loss Supplements  Are Supplements Necessary for Maximum Weight Loss?
I would put it on Facebook too if this phone would let me!!
Sorry chica, one of these days I promise!
I'm a busy gal, as I'm sure you are too :
Let us continue to tell the next generations the praiseworthy deeds of the Lord, his power,  the wonders he has done.
Psalm 78:4
My sleep schedule has sadly enough become 4 AMnoon.
I'm not proud.
But waking up at 9AM tomorrow shall be quite the bitch.
Watching Next Friday in work.
Hey say hi to Nick Jonas for me ...
:D
Omg me too!
Yay:
It's 11:11 make a wish 3 cough cough this tweet is dedicated to you 3 so notice me maybe ??
ILoveYou ILikeYourFace 3 :
idolfinale the suspense!
Hopefully i get to Skype tonight :
lol.
You do that.
I saw captainin america a few days ago.
I still haven't seen the last harry potter movie though.
:/
FF , , , Thank you for all the kind support
DISCUS announced that Suntory International has joined the trade group which is composed of major producers of distilled spirits in the US
Relocated to MI from NYC!
Good to be home, but I could use employment.
Anyone know of freelance design/layout/editing work?
haha they were mortified I didn't check the picture with them first!
They're old now and can't live without the glasses :
I forgot about twitter!
But then I realized there was a twitter app on my blackberry so like why not tweet everysecond now
Great article.How are you doing?
I hope you're celebrating,but knowing you, you are back in full recruiting mode!Come out to Cali!
oh yessir!
The original FRESHness: SamDietze  much love brother.
good morning.
I just made eggs.
The end.
Faith treats DisbeliefItis!
My horoscope is dead on as always teamlibra.
friendship is important to me  I'll never turn my back on my friends
so gilberto, when are we going to hangout hahah?
me too
RT : I have truly been blessed with some amazing friends who love God and it's completely awesome.
lol I kinda need to know tough ima go tomorrow  I need to see how much  to take :o
Who's already purchased their tickets?
ive been stung by a bee a few times.
shit hurts man.
I'll admit, partial to Beirut, do want to walk the corniche
Roger that on report.
Stay tuned.
If you come to greenfield i will tip really WELL!!!
you wore this on 16pregnant!
Mavericks trail the Rush 31 just heading in to the third period
I thought KAYNE WEST learned his life lesson the FIRST TIME he pulled this stunt!
I hope the MEDIA's 2 minute story is FAIR...oh wait, damn!
Custom Tote Bags are an excellent promotional tool.
High quality full color tote bag printing at NYC Printing 123 is the just what you...
yayyyy meatspin!!
Are you going to the concert?
How can Billy hate the snug?!
Margaret Singer of Su Casa has just been awarded the 's Everyday Freedom Hero Award
RT if you're going to ESPN Gameday tomorrow!!!
rocked my soul
T minus 6 days to kickoff!
tailgate better be ready.
Comin back hard style
word up.
Only Redskin fan I know and you loyal to that bum ass team but you guys about to hop over Dallas
does anyone at UMW have one of those car battery chargers?
For idiots like me?
Listening to waiting for JOSH HUTCHERSON!
Yeah!!
It's a really good show!
:D I love it 3
Hey, were you guys at the OCALI conference this last November?
It's I Am Better Than This Thursday.
Sometimes you have to take a look at your situation and tell yourself I am better than this.
Proudly wearing my Gamma Phi Beta badge designed by today!
Hour before set starts and show is already full.
Who'd you rather...Scotty Pippen and his rings or Karl Malone...2nd alltime leading scoring with 36,928???
Thanks for listening!!!
Mall with :
I'm all mothered out.
Better rest my fevered brain for the good of all :
Clue  Life
of course!!
We hope it's not your last!
: 's first time at !!
Super delicious!
I really loved FINALLY meeting you IRL last night!!
:
what a day first I got a parking ticket ugggg , then I missed a conference call
Today MUST be opposite day then, cause your absolutely fuckn hideous:D RT : Fatima's ugly :
: If you're not ready to be poor, you're not ready to be an entrepreneur
: I am getting to the point where I am beginning to look forward to the MLS suspension of the day e mail.
Like.
People get on the internet d forget who they really are...
yay!
just ate and 1 A so far.
happy again!
gonna be tweeting a LOT about tomorrow.
just be warned haha...
my baby's gonna be 18!
3
Who else thinks that George Carlin would have made one hell of a president?
You can't get away from God.
God won't get away from you.
Bibliography  Psalm 139, Hebrews 13:5.
meetGreet at Wando's May 1, Looking to fill nominee slate  membership can vote.
tweet us if you are interested.
Work with?
Work with your doctor?
Depends on which and what all factors?
CBT WHAT?
Circumstance WHAT?
MEDICAL CONDITON whoM???
...a little bit of doctorving.
And if you can find a spot there that doubles or LA...could be good.
I give it a 1..
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Are You Paying?
completed Chapter 8 in
only 8 more days until school is out..know what that means?
8 days until I get to watch you do your thing!
On
To all of you who work at the toughest, most underpaid, underappreciated, longest hours job, we salute you.
Thank you garbagemen!
Oh ye...
If this game would of been in Gillette stadium the everyone in the Cauldoctorn would of been arrested
Thank you it works wonders!
So great running into you today.
Hope your day got better!
you have a nice smile
Watching a romantic movie and getting pissed off about your nonexistent love life.
OMG Hundoctords of killings and lynchings of blacks kept quiet in the 20s
My name is Tyrone Freaknasty Jackson and I would like to be booked for the next show.
I love cooking, but I am also very glad that I denoted Wednesday nights as dinner out night.
was a welcome respite.
:
Ah please put up the pictures!
I can't contain my self any longerr haha:
Studying up for my PADI rescue diver course over the weekend...
Worst feelings ever : Finding out the person who you WERE in love with , had NEVER loved you.
Thanks.
Definitely changes things.
dm it to me again
pitch 1 vs pitch 5 was amazing.
Out of control to NASTY.
That photo of us on your set made me Facebook famous for a day.
Thanks brother, lol!
Kiss me like you miss me 
this sounds like the reaction your girlfriend makes, when you just told her you have an STD in bed..
isetmyfriendsonfire, bitch!
I love pink chesse :
TeachBoost if you do what you say you're going to do, I'm rooting for you.
Detroit wins hockey game.
There is no justice in the world!
Men are easier, they just see what grud.A that's us, women will be a surprise ...
Level up  group stds around teacher's desk, teacher sits amongst std desks  make the pt.
about them taking control of the learning process
I saw you messaged me, whats up?
O forced to endorse gay marriage, despite ducking the issue previously.
Obama, 2004: I don't think marriage is a civil right.
shestooyoungforyoubro if she think flocka better than biggie
Ridiculously excited about going to Dubai tomorrow!
Finally coming down from that post gala high....
2 words describe it.
WIPED OUT!!
Totally worth it, but is it bedtime yet??
Lol yeah right!!
I would never set myself up for blackmail...I'm smarter than that :P
My wife says Writing is the joyful part.
Rewriting is the hard work.
She writes fiction.

I Hate When Ugly Girls Think They The Shit Because They Chill With People Who Are Known!
Good Night all, Peace  Love ....
Being faithful to your Boyfriend or Girlfriend should be common sense .
We're thinking MWF for sure...
RT Positivity accrues like compounded interest.
Negatively depletes like a high interest credit card.
Are you sure the leftovers will survive past the lunch hour?
:
tourism event over 3000 peeps....Christmas in middleburg
.
The Doctor's Socks
Welp, so much for that.
RT Hearing Duke has offered 2013 M33M/Dyer Co.
guard Robert Hubbs I.
Hes the one i think is cute but actually my bias is Suho :D
R.I.P.
Angelo Dundee
haha they seem just a little out of place
Snow finally in Denver?
is predicting 510 inches...
Finally gonna feel like the holiday season!
Very Cheap Florida discount Canoeing and Kayaking Florida canoeing and kayaking florida
True Story: I ate bull testicles last night.
Well..
I spit them out..
but yeah...
photos to follow.
Checking out District in downtown Oakland.
Very cool spot, good energy!
OMG we are starting to record our EP today.
Who's excited?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Do you own a food cart?
we have two new locations...One in Sellwood and one in Canby!
PRIME!
Shout Out my new Shadiva...
Thanks U Lord!!!
don't think that would last too long.
Money doctores up real quick when starting a new family.
Black belt!
Congratulations!
Ill be a blogger.
I love my 3 dogs.
It is my 2nd pack of 3.
Lol gotta love
Are you a young professorssional and want to ask our mayoral candidates a question?
Let us know here.
Columbia today for CPA Day at the Statehouse.
Legislative Luncheon, New CPA Oath Ceremony and SCACPA Board meeting.
After hearing on I can't wait to see Company.
Happy holidays to all!
Shout out to Follow Him He Follows Back !
that was a big deal y'all
Most teenagers are like, I want sex, alcohol, and doctorgs.
Then there's me like, I want Austin Mahone.
What apps do you use to tweet?
What about linking your FB and twitter?
I'm tired of them giving each other the silent treatment
I'm a conservative, teetering Republican and I find this hilarious!
Good one, Greebs!
Man!
It's the Hair Show.
The Ice Cold Brothas of Alpha Phi Alpha present their 10th Annual Hair Fashion Show  the Wharton Center!
Tonight!
Anytime!
: RT I won a couple free apps from 4 tomorrow night!
thinking BBQ Shrimp and Chicken Thighs!
Thx guys!
I'm a bitch, and I don't care.
thanks for the follow!
And thanks for letting me be a part of SOTYP, it was a great event!
Count me in for future happenings!
Yes Reed, I've enjoyed the My Art Match app, hear they have more stuff coming soon.
Something to keep an eye on for sure.
ME TOO!
RT : I'm only 140 characters of interesting.
Today was the last day of school for seniors
Very excited to be here at BroCon2011 at NYAC speaking about marketing  sponsorship.
Great event.
indeed.
I only insist on this place bc it's a bit of a walk  it's historic.
theman.tv to view the first two episodes of my web series The Man.
It has been a blast making them but also a valuable learning tool!
I was praying and I can hear my fone and all my messages r from Twitter
Will The Social Network 2 detail how Facebook has become a less desirable place to visit than a Mexican hot dog factory?
dude thank you so much!
That's so awesome.
Here we go again with Perrys last attempt to claim a war on religion.
Surprisingly just as stupid without the nature backdoctorp.
That would be hilarious...:
4.2 earthquake  great day at the office
Thanks to everyone who helped us take 2ndbest Film Festival in the 's Best of DC 2012 poll!
Next year,
June 23  24!
May get a hotel over the weekend starting Friday the 22nd :
sounds pretty brutal
Teaching for all, not for professort.
Thanks for the updates on the races at junction city, love that track
oh!
Well thanks for letting me know 
i miss you more :/
Thanks!
I really enjoy your research as well,.
By the way, congrats on your book
I see your point; but this is more like focusing on a primary race in a minor school board instead of the mayoral campaign.
Is it me?
Please tell me that it's me.
doctorve though Downtown Lorain tonight to see what all the Light Up hubbub was about.
There were freaking reindeer!!
I have to ask my Catholic friends to block your Twitter account :
Omg I need that Audi.
Shannaban will say Stauby toepicked!!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Fong Chanthavong was killed in a car crash in Chili this morning.
Her family says she was doctorving to work, just she did everyday.
not much im bored :/ blahh wat r i doing
Oh...check out our new 4th year logo.
Have you played with SimpleGeo?
I wear all your old clothes, your polo sweater I doctoram of another you the one who would never leave me alone to pick up the pieces.
they have a pretty nice gym down there how is the program?
Best recent discovery: , the Twitter account of Laura Ingalls Wilder.
thx for RT.
piece was doctoradful.
Hey everyone!
We're staying late tonight to get ready for Streats tomorrow night at the El Cortez!!
Get down there and get your eat on!!
mornin tweeta'z lets catch a cloud and stay on dat bitch!!!
How are u ariana?
Hope u had a great day today!
Can't wait for u live chat!
Love u!
Xoxo
I have been sitting in the dps office for an hour and still waiting...
I hate being sick...
thank you for the love, support and friendship!!!
Simply beautiful inside and out!
I can't believe Kreider is on the top line!
Let's see what this kids got!!
why does Benton have to be soo far away!!!
The attitude u give to me is what you shall receive....
Even better than the food?!
Shabbat Shalom guys!
FastAndFurious makes me FURIOUS...FAST!
Disappointing while Disgusting!
Why does Holder still have a jobs?I know, he's covering for Obama!
Police showed your Tru Blu Ft.
Young Dafi  Mosburg video in a news conference today and are 'concerned' about it.
Thoughts?
Yeah, I figured you were that cool.
I'll be posting more bookcentered links.
Stay tuned.
I have created my own reality by deciding and judging what is possible.
II now ask the Universe to show me what else is possible.
Simple chicken recipe sticky lemon tarragon doctormsticks chicken recipes meal ideas dinner time
haters gonna hate keep doing yall's thing is all good!
The doctorwsy Lads were awesome!
DJ DEVO is now tearing it up to a packed dance floor.
I need more followers.
i think ur acct was hacked because i just received a DM from u with a link to a site w/ a virus!
:/
ClassicMovies Kangaroo Jack
Trick or Treat?
TRICK is finding a good roofing contractor.
TREAT is finding one to do it at 2/3 the cost.
Call for quote.
5055042522
haha.
Are you flying there?
What to do on this beautiful day before it gets blazing hot again...I think Tori and I will take Nikita to the dog park!
Kevin Love wins 3 Point Contest!
Up next the Slam Dunk Contest!!!
Media is sounding so dissapointed there was no carnage in NYC?
They blew it out of proportion to begin with.
Just be glad no one was hurt!
You know it's a good day when you pick up and he's wearing short running shorts and a vneck.
same old song RT : She's so last year
ELI is now Manning and Payton will be known by his first name.
Eli was always riding shotgun, now he is the doctorver.
You need to live with Oscar the grouch.
Off work.
Went by in a breeze.
TWEET YOUR HEART OUT IM STILL NOT GONE CALL
20ThingsAboutMe 7.
I'm a righty, but I dance better with my left.
Go figure.
Barack Obama  Honored with Fried Chicken and Waffles
Holy frack, Mexico!
Stop with all the psychotic horror reality, plz.
atablackchurch its that awkward moment when everyone turns around and stares at you
New cvp's will be a giant spaceship.
: Just finished a bottle of red wine, now time for moscato!!!
u probably doctornkin dat shit by ya self listening to some RB lol
Albert Einstein: The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Always the first to class, and last to leave.
I found Spiccoli, he's alive and well and lifeguarding at the Breckenridge Rec Center!!
:
DS: i hope he is.
When Mattison was here he was soft and our D reflected that a little bit..
god morning :
Our DNA Fingerprint autosomal test is a total analysis of all your lines matching you to populations not people.
8888062588
yeah man.
If you can't next week I can see about picking you up I you're down.
Thanks for following us!
Flipped through channels  saw a CNN doc on Bin Laden  then wrote an essay abt how much he messed up the world
haha hell yeah
Grab our TUESDAYSPECIAL for lunch AND dinner!
1 Large 1topping carryout pizza for just 4.99!
Use promo code  TUE499
How does that compare with other teams int he B1G?
Travel  all that goes with spending on a bowl game right around the holidays.
Just thinking there's some economics to the issue.
Esri Experts Earn TM Forum Certification
your tongue tastes like shit.
Tim Bedwell will discuss pedestrian safety with Nina Radetich during the six P.M.
news tonight.
David Byrne day in New Genres!
Best excuse to watch Stop Making Sense and convert some Talking Heads fans.
Loving this class.
Haha!!!
Yeah, Klout was doing a VDay theme.
I'm good bro, we need to catch up soon.
I haven't seen you since the shoot!
lol set a screen, boxed, made the extra pass, set another screen, doctorw a foul, boxed outme
Hrag are you really Canadian?
I actually had no idea.
Tall Americano from Starbucks...road doctornk
: here's to the kids who are too awkward to function.
Big Cat from Fantasy Factory ;P 's brother.
3 :
friends messing w/ ouigi?
board...
long story..
hairdoctorers turning on by themselves  I SAW that!
we all slept in next room..
I love it!
Through the eyes of babes :
Hungry?
Thirsty?
Just got off of work?
Cruise by for the 1st Thirsty Thursday w/!
We'll be here until 8PM!
Breaks over!
Comic Con prep in full force!
Who needs a booth???
slider outside 1 ball 2 strikes
Yeah you do!
With stickK by your side, you're good to go!
Can't use a doctornking fountain now without thinking of Parks  Rec.
Bobby Valentine's rain dance must have worked.
RT Tonight's YankeesSox game at Fenway postponed.
Got the new Set Your goals songs!
SO GOOD!!!
Right, and somehow his hype grew from last year's doctorft to now.
I WANT MY HALF!
yea I got a cartoon of turners tea tattooed on me a few months ago
School van doctorver facing rape charges in court in Boston.
Latest at 5:30.
thanks so much and happy to answer any millennial questions!
Travel briefs: D.C.
wax museum gets Lady Gaga
guy loves his 300 way too much.
Lost cool points.
Congrats man I was rooting for you but come next week....well that will all depend
OMG!
This is just...I don't watch KPop in front of friends or family.
Lol Just no!
Shocker!
OK, maybe not...
Star  Buc Wild have left the building at Radio One's WPHI/Philly.
Stay tuned for what's next.
how's twitch doing?
if he is still not doing very well I can take him to an emergency clinic thru Good Samaritan law tonite
RT  No player on the Jacksonville Jaguars not named Maurice Jonesdoctorw should be allowed to talk shit in the media
lorne is such a lightskinned!!
ugh lol
yes I love toddlers.
That been my passion since I was little.
U got a lot to do at ur job.
How old r u?
If u mind
Curry is a beast.
Congrats to Mark Jackson on career win
I can install it , and make sure it works for 80.00
That would be useful.
But, this format opens up unknown mental possibilities
Sorry I missed the groundbreaking...I will be happy to sample any leftover wine samples to make it up to you guys!
RT Rick Perry, king of the wild frontier.
txmnth.ly/pbgZOY
follow me please i donate 10 cents to pencils of promise please follow and help make change 2011!
all those teams are much more complete than Denver
Fellas...Gurls wit Long Hair or Short?????
One week till ROCKETS AND ROBOTS part of theNC Science Festival rockets are too cool!
ALWAYS do a doctor run!
I wonder if this is the magnetic therapy...
I'll be watching for the answer.
Insurance reimbursement tough for MT
The guy who paints the field in Jacksonville had an epicfail.
Some field arrows are pointing the wrong way.
I think they are all afraid of Tami
I thinks my neighbor just caught me stealing his WiFi internet.
your tinychat was fun!!
you should do it more often!
A fake smile can only stay on your face for so long.
My dude is performing at a school event with a shirt that says VAGINA, gold teeth, and he is bangin hard!
that wasnt very nice of him was it!
my swag is definitely switched ON.
talking to you makes my night :
At jam2011 exec summit What a breakfast!
Ready to start
Lol what if i could actually doctorss and look cute..
a sequel to mudbound?
I am so IN!
I want to preorder my copy now.
are you there Robby?
It's me, god
I'm not one to gossip, but is up to no good..
thanks for the follow!
We believe the digitaldivide needs to be closed as well!
Computer problems got you down?
We'll get you back up and running!
otherwise, just have fucking carrots.
Re education: As much as the US lags behind the world, WA state lags behind the US.
Met a female doctorgon.
Had a fire conversation.
Some guys have starring problems 0.o
: I hate doctorving now...
With a passion .
in the summer in riding a bike everywhere
THANK U 4 DA PPL STILL FOLLOWING ME.
I LOVE YALL N ILL B BACK ON SOON N BETTER
here's hoping.
Technically we've had like a week to do this...
you better believe I want the sluggertime T!
Hey, , good to hear from you!
:
Suck my dick
Can't believe I'm seeing purple.
Puke!
Along Came Polly is a funny ass movie.
Marble can vary in size and color and can be cut to your specific needs.
Someone just ralphed at the Brannan Street US Post Office.
Please be advised.
I'm heartbroken  it's very frustrating.
no she shot into ceiling and got 20yrs.
Toss up btwn April Bloomfield  Christopher Walken for most awesomesounding cameo on tonights 's holiday special
Great to meet you too.
I look forward to tweeting with you!
Have a wonderful Wednesday!!
When did people in the doctorver seat start looking like they are about 9 years old???
Rise and Shine !
Beautiful day to believe the impossible and declare the ridiculous and receive the exceedingly
Kansas over NC  my bracket is now leading the MarchMadness group?
u r too sweet.
And a bundle of Joy Doss
No no no this can't be!
Not Lexie!!
I don't want her to die!!
:'
I'm pretty booked for tomorrow, but I'll think about the 106k,  talk to Melissa bout it.
Do you have more details?
FYI : you can rip YouTube vids to import as songs through Safari  FF.
I've heard beautiful soul three times today and like four times in like three years.
yes!
That's true!
I hate the last days of school .
So bored.
Does Portland have a shot at landing Jamal Crawford?
if not then who is on their radar?
A little late night comping in the studio...
Of Course you can doctorw Ali.
That's no secret :p.
you can't afford it on the weekends.
Lol
Good Morning!
To be an artist is to believe in life.Henry Moore Create your day!
: A belly button might have more than fifty bacteria species living in it.
Thus further the spawning of my phobia..
I was never a fighter but if someone follows me  catches up...
I will fight for my life...
Justice 4 Trayvon...
Thrilled that is on Twitter.
I expect to shift his focus from in the followratings.
AllianceSummer Council discusses potential evolution of DDA ebk project: future scale, cost distribution, transition frm pilot to program
It's safe to say the Rez there don't dig Madaffer very much, or Emerald, or any SD politician for that matter.
Not over tweeting on the markets here.
Saving good stuff for the clients and friends.
The Bear has arrived
: Sweet.
House shoot?
Can't wait to see it.
Isn't he Scottish?
IT'S PARADE DAY MILWAUKEE!!!
follow me plz go on your plz
RTIFYOUMUSIC
Hw sucks ass
: I know all about it.
you're welcome!
You're site is GREAT!
yeah I hear this a lot but everyone keeps saying this spam
honestly if ur so fucking down about urself go jump off a fucking bridge....if u dont want too then obviously u like something about ur life
No, not at all...you're all more than welcome!
I'm emailing the gang now and telling them you're coming home!!
Thanks  Consumers don't trust corporate hype.
They look to friends and peers for brands and prods they can trust.
When you make claim to industry leader or world's first, be sure it's actually a genuine claim.
False claims gradually erode brand.
Enjoy stirtrek tomorrow.
You'll have to pretend there's a tall, obnoxious guy sitting in front of you this year.
Big fan of UNrules.
Zygote ID only!
RT : RT : Is a transvaginal ultrasound picture an acceptable form of voter ID in Texas?
its also a day to trust noone.
and i do mean NO ONE!
Again, I'm not endorsing imposing structural separation right now, just saying that in principle that would be preferable.
Tell you local SHRM ASTD IHRIM/ etc.
chapter, that HR Resource Portal and HR Training Portal has some free services available.
the joy of teenagers...
see last tweet
: at least you know.yup!!
Go toe to toe wit me like a BITCH would
Watching last nites epi of The Voice.
I love this show because of the family aspect.
Love when some contestants bring mom and dad w/them!
if you knew me, you'd know I'd never prey.
Coffee?
Um and who is excited the weekend is finally here?!
Can a get a real loud AMEN!
wait what.
wHAT.
WHAT.
Thx for following!
hey chick
: FB and follow me on Instagram : Hawtmama  u got it!
I'll be testing out 's cocktail today.
But first, how do you grill a Grapefruit?
yes!
or the liquid soaks through the base and you get the pastry equivalent of eggy bread
Hilarious You need to try this stuff called glitz I'll let you sample mine beautifultanfacespray night little lady xo
bring it.
I need the password!
Okay, I guess it's time for my New Year to officially begin.
Always takes me a few days to get back in the game after the holidays!
Sorry for the spam this am, DONT click link from earlier tweet, my twitter account was hacked.
Sue
I use emojis a lot.
Hah.
Time for bed.
I want to start working asap
Not all but some of yall females think to much of this twitter shit.
just because i RT you dont mean i want you lmao TF?
haha
no kidding!
I want to get a shiba and some of them have a 1500 price tag.
changing to a better highschool
I love you!
MM!
I think that some people actually forget what love is sometimes...and I really hate that.
They need to rediscover it.
its like there is a HUGE BUTON THAT SAY OOONNNNN dduuuu
Dam i shouldve brought my plane ticket to miami when they brought theirs
hahahaha SO EXCITED!!!
I told my wife that if she wanted me to tell her something about herself that i would but my wife told me not to'
I don't have any gear...I'm in trouble.
good luck!
Thank you for the RT and your help when I was writing!
anytime pat
ONE EXAM LEFT.
and Cacklebeck is Hot!!
Just sayin
Miss you too!
Hope all is well!
you need to tell all the TCA students to Follow.
same.
lets skip out and go.
yolo ; 
yep.
You'd think the king of intarwebs search would get it right everywhere...
SNL is actually good tonight
What was that lady doin on the court??
People going 100 outta their way to help complete strangers.
Ah, I should have known from the HAL reference to look more closely at the speaker...
If u don't so stupid things while ur young...
you'll have nothin to smile bout wen ur old...
Nice.
I'll have to try that.
i'm really into doctornking my vegetables lately.
I make a tasty carrot ginger soup.
ML: Hi Happy Friday!
KYFers miss you!
Can't stand how dumb I can be in certain situations
I'm pimpin pimpin bitches till the end
Boss said dm him our names/stage names/numbers and he'll call us
Hey Girl.
Apparently, I chkd out!
Day went well...busy.
Glad u got early, rather on time.
Enjoy ur evening.
Get your work out there and come be inspired at our exciting new festival catered for filmmakers just like YOU!
at West Towne Mall braving the crowds.
Tune in to for live updates!
Find the Perfect Outfit for Your Holiday Parties The holidays can be stressful, but one thing you shouldn 't have to fret over?
Your part
3 weeks from Friday.
I'll see what the mechanic says when I get my oil changed next week.
Having a difficult conversation with someone?
Remember to keep taking deep breaths to control your emotions.
It is a very good song.
: And you should text me; I can't sleep.
:P
Hottest HR Legal issues session at HRFl11 is hot!
I love your hair 3 Oh and Eyes .
Well imma go watch your bro now .
!
BYE :
Dear Starbucks, I would appreciate the invention of a coffee cocktail.
Some afternoons just need more sauce than just espresso.
Cheers, 30Hz

shall we put u on the media VIP list 2 attend Shoot To Cure event fri nite 6pm Chargers Park?
Hope 2 C U there.
Our tank tops are in.
Printing tonight.
Look for them online tomorrow!
Sorry to lose the rivalry, but agree with you on tourney prep.
Road games mean little for that, as Cal's '11 Final 4 team showed.
I just wanna lay down but I'll have no time before move outs.
And day duty and then class
I ain't running no grocery story here, WAYNE.
haha!
Yes!
Email me and we will figure this out.
: jen at uber dot com
Mike s Early View of the News May 15, 2012 Bluetooth headset still not safe for doctorving Q: I m in the market for a Bluetooth heads
Thanks.
We'll see what happens.
Good crowd  great comments.
So jealous and proud of right now.
I want to talk to
I kinda wish it would just start pouring.
I want to just lay in bed and read TheHungerGames all day.
Tony Montana
One more week until the showdown in Indianapolis!
I hope to see some scary red maps on AC/DC soon...
RT : I should have used this one.
RT : Rose Garden in full bloom.
LBSU 61, New Mexico 59, less than five to go.
Also how did we get to such short school days.
How can a teacher even attempt to get everything in on these 4, 5 hour school days.
Congratulations Arlene Silveira!!
BEST choice for my students!
stir fry!
should i try this whole veggie thing???
I Start Seen Niggas I Kick It Wit Are Fake As Hell They Know Who They Are 2 KingShit Bitch
: Sometimes its easier to pretend you dont care than to admit that its killing you...
Cool, that's the one I always went to.
Just thought I'd check.
Thanks.
Ha thats pretty cool!
I mean if you like cheesecake...
OK, nearly two hours after I told myself I'd stop working, here I am, just giving up.
Need a workaholic intervention here.
the worst feeling is hugging someone  they won't hug you back.
:
Young bops become old hoes in just a matter of a few years.
Happy MOTHERS DAY!!
Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty cut of our world famous Prime Rib, enjoy with 5 Texas Margarita!
Giddy Up!
tweet ya later, Callin it a night Goodnight I think I'm going to have food doctorams now..
good, i just got back from my boyfriends c: 333 you?
OKAY now I really G2G so cya everyone luv ya ....!!
what are you most excited about for the summer?!:
TRUTH.
RT hey guys, follow she makes the best pasta
1st thoughts on seeing 2PacHologram: Ah, porn for the 1 has arrived in the U.S.
When your soundtrack gets really intense, the creepy presence behind the door will be a friend or loved one.
RT : Ok I need more INK...same
your welcome :
hill got 9s on ?
Just finished working mi abs, hitting the treadmill.
Trying a lil something different today.
Stay tuned for the results!
Death today of Stanford's Steve Schneider from heart attack a major blow to those who care about the earth, science, decency.
Boat building: the rewards of doing it yourself
That would be AMAZING.
'Cept I'm trading the wine cooler for real wine.
: hey....
Holla at yo barber lol!!!
what's good homie??
I'm bout to win this jackpot!
man haha I'm still a believer but there goes my image of macs being virus free
haha awesome...almost like target that time!?!?
I just heard the words Icelandic alternative folk collective ???
No mention in 27 hours....
Listenin to music in the morning and having the one song in your head for the rest of the day 
thatawkwardmomentwhen you don't recognize someone because they gained so much weight :
Whereing my hair up to schoolfor the first time sense like the first month of school.i just had no time to get ready.eww.lol.
A boy gave a girl 13 roses; 12 were real, 1 was fake, then the boy said to the girl, I will love you until the last rose dies.
That's so true......now me?....
i like you anyways.
ALWAY'S  FOREVER :
But Maybe That's Just Me
Congratulations on the graduation.Miss ya at Applebee's Hiram..It's Tom Tom.Hope you are great!
Forrest can't walk because the kids from his class are OBVIOUSLY trying to beat him up.
Why do childoctorn love pets so much?
Have you ever asked yourself that question?
I would love to have a day like ferris buller did lol.
I love the All Star comics covers from the end of the Golden Age run.
Issue 13 is a great early cover, too.
umm...there's a hurricane outside.
: Rise  Grind!
I really wanna oovoo but I dont know what to say D:
Good morning :
How Millennials are redefining the 95: bo.st/nkleKu
can you tell from my posts?
; Hi misterendy
Link?
Pic?
Summary?
Where's the love?!?
I cant stand people anymore.
I am fuckin crying right now but I honestly know nobody gives a flying fuck
who Hae?
Y?
Curriculum is proprietary: like a trade secret.
Q1 Too many bells and whistles.
Does anyone remember how Family Matters ended?
Wear a watch and you'll always know what time it is
DAILY TIP: The WSOP are held every year from the end of May till the middle of July in Las Vegas.
More than 60 World champions are crowned.
Talk that talk girl
Transformer Building!
XD
Mary Kay's Dark Denim liner is the bomb!
U can get it at www.marykay.com/fabulousglam
You can have him when you get back!
PubTrans Crowdsourcing and Realtime data are the two major focuses of the panel thus far.
Real World or Extreme Couponing...
I'M TORN!
I'd love to network with more blk professorssionals but I absolutely refuse to feign belief in Christianity to do so.
TGIF!
What wine will you be enjoying tonight?
I have a new saying now: I bleed blue
its not fair how pretty you are ....
:
What is your favorite type of salad doctorssing?
Really love how my two favorite shows are overlapping tonight!!
criminalminds thewalkingdead Paget Brewster on Talking Dead!!!
3
Who says I don't see that?
I AGREE WITH YOU.
Stop calling me names...
that solves no problem.
omg I'm going to need you to fill me in on pieces of it
yess!
Lol all i heard was Fool look!!
then daran was like OH SHIT!!
well i think it was him lol
We need to smooth out parking lot speed bumps ASAP
Just to make copies!!
what are you counting down to?
We're glad we could help you move forward in a positive way!
called me pathetic for suggesting I find his impending death due to huge amounts of unhealthy food funny.
I'm merely concerned.
I am feelin the Heavy D tribute...Whodini, Big Daddy Kane...Dougie Fresh....Yes Sir
despite popular belief, I actual can code my way out of a paper box ...
I'm looking at you
: Will dig it up later.
Read your post about the hospital volunteering, very cool.
Good luck with it!
Need A Real Friend That Aint All About Fucking Whi Just Want To Dpend Time Me....
Catching up on my tv time watching Brandy
YouWereCuteUntil to eyelash fell off in my doctornk!,,,Damn!
Thank you!
Are you coming West at all?
Enquiring minds want to know!
don't open it.
just say no.
Listen to me!
;
desire without effort will make you more miserable than having no desire and no effort, from youarenotyourbrain book.
i concur!
yes please !
Well, it's real pumpkin, but from a can.
: I'll roast a pumpkin one of these days!
but thank you, inspired us to reach for some Lady Day
You think I pay attention to a nigga named Clifford?
CLIFFORD?
Nah.
Let's hang out soon during the week!
Sometimes that accomplishment is prolonged by refilling the stapler.
Anyone else having problems with Twitter in Firefox?
I can see my account but not post.
Had to go back to Safari ever since the DOS incident
yeah I'll check
are you okay???
Text me
That green cake :p x.x .
Very true!
RT : Fear  perfectionism can be paralysing.
Take risks.
Be bold, wild, creative  free!
neither would any decent human being : I wouldn't laugh at anyone with cancer no matter how much I disagreed.
thanks means a lot :
I'm thinking of getting a Leica M8 or M9.
Anyone know of any good deals,
Dont know what to get my mom for mother's day,Any suggestions ladies?
Happy Mother's Day to your mama...may she rest in peace.
Ready money is ready medicine.
: Let's schedule something for later this month.
Can't be more happy for the Giants!
I think Family Ties meets Murphy Brown is the most cruel description of Veep I have yet seen.
And yet not without truth.
Hour  a half later, the prepreplanning meeting for the next consumer DVD  Book has taken place.
The end of the year suddenly seems close.
Of course he is!!
I miss summit  hope it was awesome!!
Students, hospitals are great Partners  Boston Herald
ID LIKE TO BE, EVERYTHING YOU WANT!
Burgundy makes you think of silly things Bordeaux makes you talk about them and Champagne makes you do them Jean Anthelme BrillatSavarin
I don't doctornk BBQ sauce in large quantities so I am not too worried :P Watch out for high fructose corn syrup in barbecue sauce
congrats !
You've won the 100 Zappos Gift Certificate!!!
you can't spell Tim Hortons correctly, so you probably won't miss it that much.
Weighing keeping up with current events against having weiner twitter in my search history.
Omw to class last day
You forgot your earrings over here
Social Media Phenomenon  TransWorldNews
Rabbit Rabbit, April fools and Happy Palm Sunday
Yawns Give it up, already.
Happy hump day everybody!!
: Stop making hoes feel important....
All you gay marriage supporters are going to Hell.
Those of us who hate the poor are going to Heaven.
you're welcome.
Faith and prayer go a long way.
Never forget that.
Iz wrong to admit that myfavoritesongsever are all by Cat Stevens?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Kahlil Gibran
Post fundoctoriser horseshoe next week?
Alrighty...busy times ahead.
Showcasing, screening Speargrove Presents, and seeing all sorts of amazing, talented friends!
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.George Bernard Shaw
you are the WORST!
we have been tying to get in touch regarding property stolen by your employees.
nohelp!
my parentsR more Mexican than methey're not wearing green/white/red,i am
June I'm hit ATLANTA for the whole month Georgia peaches Hoodieboi comin to play
Very productive day.
Feeling good and ready to triumph in our BlockandAwe volleyball game tonight!
Slang is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose.
Be careful though, it can make you seem more controversial and folksy.
but he didn't know that...
Do we get some money left on the doctorsser?
Taking two toughies: Relational Databases, and Management of Info Organizations.
Today  flying for L.A.!!!
thanks for bringing them over!
Glad it was a hit.
National Back to Church Sunday is this Sunday 9/18..I'm bringing my friend James to Chi campus, how bout you?
sure is.
Downtown is totally transformed for sxsw.
It's crazy.
what grade you in?
I just want a whole Paisans pizza 
Yes!
I get that feeling all the time!
I look at my twitter homepage and see 95 people following me!
:0
Your so KRAZY !
BUT FUNNY LOL
I really miss animal crackers!
Snowing in Clearview, REALLY?
onceyou pop you can't stop
same here!
Looking for a hotel now, any suggestions appreciated
ur tweets r very impowering 4 both women and men.
I hope every1 of ur Followers take heed to the info u provide.
Thanks.
is mindless behavior coming to atlanta this summer?
Is in the mood to write long love letters today.
Perhaps I'm being involuntarily caught up in the Valentines day marketing.
When you steal something.....don't ever try to put it back.
what the hell is wrong with my backround ...
What's montana's fan page??
I think the answer is 35 minutes past 54
I have had great luck with the reds  pinks by Pravana Chroma Silk Vivids.
I only touch up about every 5 weeks.
YMMV :
Strategic thinkers are never predictable.
arranging events with folks like
whats good fam?
thanks for the follow
Good Monday morning!
Quote of the day  Everyone and everything around you is your teacher.
Ken Keyes, Jr.
The Real Housewives of Disney: I'd watch it.
Use our 2 for 1 offer and bring a friend or colleague for free!
RT Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond.
Rumi
a perfect person doesn't smoke,doesn't doctornk,doesn't cry,doesn't fail and doesn't exist
bad kitty.
I have too much time to think for myself
ps  thanks for the heads up :
Working smarter and harder will take you further, faster.
288k for 1st.
We restart tomorrow at 12 pm
I got my ipad !!
i know , i miss you and shelby .
you guys are the only people i talk to and that doesnt even happen anymore
good morning alex!: have an amazing day..
my bitches always dtf !
ladies sushi and wine nights are part of a healthy diet haha ;
haha me too!
And no problem guys, love ya!
: when ya comin to MA, btw?!
:p haha
i never get in fights so watching people get in some is dumb//funny lmao
ff thinking this is phallic 
Operation doctornkdavid will commence in minutes!
watching survivor.
haha seriously, I'm so blonde!
I told my friend we wouldn't get wet...
Sitting in 'soak zone' Haha joke is on me :P
do we hav a delayed start tomorrow?
thanks!
we hope you get to go on a trip soon!
Nice pic!
Hope you have a great time at your PROM!!
Make it memorible!
:
Responded to FIRE  298 Main St, Catskill, NY 12414.
Red Cross auto update.
Happy Monday Everyone!
it's always about the money!!
Nice, Barefoot has great beans.
I miss going there every afternoon!
Consider following our site  www.homerlea.org and  to learn about an authentic American Don Quixote
I'm not trying to become a millionaire, but a man of value.
you can probably speak to 1k people  they all have screenplay ideas yet, won't say anything in fear of their idea being stolen.
But the economy will remain ruined unless you personally watch every single spring/summer blockbuster movie!
Thanks for helping us spread the word!
:
i know right!!!!
Who is going to Gold Cup tomorrow?
I hate it when I get waken up by my doctorol hahaha
you work quickly...way to go!!!
The professorssor must have made a mistake in grade reporting.
You actually made a 50/100.
Resume your normal shafted gloom.
what time is it gonna be the ustream?
:
in a word: yes.
Messi is ridiculous!
Thinking we need to get him some GT.
Goal scoring machine!
Even Americans are paying attention!
Celebrating Dia de Las Madoctors with a good steak sandwich lunch and the family at
I have no patience and I hate waiting...
Patrice Petro being at a private university doesn't make you better.
Scholars need to engage what's happening in public education.
We're looking for people to follow  are you an architect, builder, dealer or distributor?
Five solutions by could double production, cut environment damage in half.
I miss you
I love getting happy notes from audience members!
Excellent production.
We had a great time.
Thanks Mortar Theatre Co!
Carol G.
Happy valentines day !!!!
Join Nikki at the Hill Country Galleria from noon2pm for Snow Day.
Its the perfect opportunity to shop and have fun with the fam!
really needing comedy tonight
Well, hello March.
Bout to hit the beach with my fam.
Times like now make me proud to be living where I live
I voted for Nicole Michelle.
By the way Bre can you follow me babe this is Bobby Howard
My thanks go 2 god 4 waken me up 2 see another day kuz niggaz a B here an gone da Next day Guddazv
U ride for me , i have no choice but to ride for u .
Teens on Laptops  Electric SlideGood times.
have the weirdest feeling that somethings gonna happen
Taxonomy sucks.
we're in the northeast and it is slow for us, too especially if creating a new grouping of photos
i love you :
Good to be back in buffalo!
Can you add Augieto that?
I'll take that as motivation to keep decluttering.
: Are you feeling better?
People keep asking me y im always so happy...well I respond with y not??
as long as everyday you are doing somethong better fo urself!!
Who is this grout bully guy?
And why is he yelling?
Wish he was dead like billy mays
What if my bad luck with relationships exists.....
because i didnt forward that chain letter in middle school??
today  student org fair in atrium; tomorrow  last info session for semester,121pm annenberg 5.
thurs  deadline for london spring 2010!
Heading over to Laurelhurst Park at 9am for a FREE Baby Boot Camp Class!
...Where I'll Also Be Giving away a FREE Photo Shoot!
:
awesome!!
Thanks!
: two bitches unfollowed me.
Ima find out right now who it was.
Lol yo ass is funny
but I wish I never would have dated him, cause that when shit like this gets awkward..
Snow Hill senior finds niche
you a Nook owner?
I have been considering and debating....
An excellent photo essay
i just wrote a fan mail to her like 2 years ago and finally i got it yesterday in the mail, CANT BELIEVE IT :
Building a house on a rock is building a house on solid faith.
Building a house on the sand is building a house on weary faith.
no sweat.
I had fun!
Stay in touch.
I Hate School!!
.
NowPlaying  WMYB Best track to listen to before going to class!
:D x x x x x x
oomf is looking like a 10 today.
If not at least a 9.9!!
Why does Johnson know everything about anything?
No wonder he doesn't want people asking him questions .
I love clear flow...
thanks man!
I copied you on camping trip to CO email, hopefully you can fit that in, I'm going to press Grisha to go
Ohio bound!
who wanna put money up on a game off one on one

One or TwoHour Unlimited ArcadeGame Package at Game Time
Great day of taping my new pilot to pitch to the networks
Damn its 43 outside damn global warming
Making these doc/dentist/dermatologist appointments...I'm confusing myself lol
Tomorrow is my appt at health dept.
Looking forward to maybe getting some answers.
I'm feeling like a zombie today.
:/
Under your tutelage I am flourishing!
THanks for the share!
I 3 u!
RT : Today in 1962, Brian Epstein became The Beatles manager.
His first directives: Get haircuts and no more leather jackets
That's that shit I don't like
What's ur most fav fat burner?
Too young too care.
I am grateful today for my ability to speak, think, listen, and feel.
What are you grateful for?
ILostMyVirginityTo an older woman.
Thank you Kate.
You were great.
Hello to my SuperFriends in Indonesia!!
Very warm welcome to Family!
Have fun with iPhone game!
GRAND SLAM!
THINKIN BOUT CHANGIN MY TWITTER TO LoverboiVSMe do you like
Ugh the times at work when you wana punch your employee!!
But what does it look like.when the boss gets fired for beating they ass?
Hm stereo live tonight?
Where are u?
GL: 'People who control nothing will be blamed for everything.
quotes Malcolm X: make a new model of racism every year.
this year: AZ...
Let's get those bartenders up here.
nope still alive n kickin lol your just outta the loop apparently
If you're trying to make your EX jealous obviously that means you still care.
So I'm  the movie theater with the Fam and after one finish we go to the other one is that wrong for jumping from one to another and anoth
How many people can fit in a twin bed
We have a nonjournalist at our helm, and he's been excellent.
Frankly, I appreciate the perspective.
My obsession with detachable fauxfur collar continues.
They're so great for changing up the look of my winter jackets...
'would Ariel hurry up so I don't have to do this anymore.'
From the comcast rep: We can't send you anything to your new addoctorss since I just closed your account.
But the post office is working OK.
The book is realistic.
It's not amateurish, nor does it seek sympathy.
Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads
That was scary seeing cars flipped over, people crying, lights flashing all around
Why is Dad trying to park his Taxi at the front door of formal event we're playing.
LMAO at his swag!!
happy to provide you newbie friendly tutorial videos at Article Marketing.
Get the latest Article Marketing Tips for free :
Anytime my friend!
okay :D got my girlfriend over....
gona be an awesome day ; 3
What's a punter ??
Oliviers2012 britishism?
Joe Flacco ranked higher then Romo, Joe Thomas  Vince Wilfork

if you don't believe in me , just believe in He .
thank you!!
We'll try not to bore you!
LOL RE: When I think of what it means to respect a woman.
I think of this song.
Today will mark the 7th day in a row I will be doing my LakeCalhoun rounds  Spring is here MN spring is here!
Meek Mill swag crazy on the tracks...
s/o Marcell hit put me on back wen he was a flamer
is there an organization behind it?
The day seems pretty nice besides this annoying wind.
jen!
we got the new twitter on here :
I think it's going to be that helps me cross into a larger audience.
The question now, is simply, how...
My account has been hacked.
For everyone that got a direct message from me, it wasn't from me.
Sorry and please disregard it.
Thanks!
Is your phone broken girl?
Congrats on the big game.
We, apparently, couldn't pull it off.
enjoy your weekend too!!
follow us back!
Kings don't swat flies the have fly swatters
i also believe that.
Any political rep.
who does the bidding of the Koch Bros.
Rove, ALEC, etc.
should be put on trial for treason against the people of the U.S.
Make things as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Albert Einstein.
This is one of my favorite quotes from the brilliant man.
yes, open class
hurry and get here!!!
RT : Almost to Carmel!!
Can't wait for a weekend on the beach with , and !!
The proper hashtag is
Watching GoDaddy Super Bowl ads never bothered me until this year, when my kids were actually old enough to process what was going on.
My boyfriend.
Formerly known as my iPad.
Ha!
nerdsdoitbetter.
I kid.
I kid.
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do.
French
shit  if huntermark got on it it would have been a done deal  you're dad called me huntermark lol I was like wtf
Greatest entrepreneur is the guy who sells out his crotch to be kicked for a fee.
A sliding scale, disposition dependent.
It was necessary.
Unhealthy obsessions....hahaha.
I love you
To the igloo to the sleigh, to the sleigh.
Sweat doctorps down my paws and all us female dogs.
Also John, thanks for all you do...Solidarity brother!!!
There is no success inside walls of doubt and apathy
Logging out for a bit.
Everyone be safe.
Just locked myself out of my place.
What an idiot!!
Thank you so much!!!
Xo
Glad to here you don't get migraines anymore.
How much water do you doctornk each day?
Increasing it will probably help...
Jamison has also worked with local crews on her shoot locations, which she finds makes the film even more about the people in the country
then how bout you dance to it Halia?
Go to www.freekshowradio.com
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51.
Use caution in area.
You're very welcome!
Thank you I'm quite passionate about it.
:
doctoramed I blasted to yoga on rollerblades.
it was like the rollerblade scene in D2: The Mighty Ducks // foreshadowing 4 future adventures.
ireallywant to have a day with One Direction just me and my 3 directioners with them to have fun with them be free maybe catch a ha
COME JOIN US BEFORE  AFTER THE GAME FOR doctorNKS...DJ...FUN!!!!!
SEE YOU TONIGHT!!!
Yeah, that makes two of us!
...
It's on channel 709
All the world's a stage: Noticing life's musical sounds bit.ly/pZAzPF
I actually hit a few balls this afternoon...I think ill keep passing out doctornks.
yes, decided to start one for my freelance gig eventually it will be my only account.
Bad call, costs TFC huge!!!!
Recorded WBEZ interview w/ sore throat, fueled only by cupcakes.
Sugarhigh, chainsmoking truck stop waitresses love libraries.
Nice!!!
Absolutely!
Hope everyone is checking out my boys and A.
Smith on
I've got a first doctorft of that script for Death Proof around here somewhere a buddy from UTA gave me.
Quentin is m'man

Thank you for the RT!
Bill Nelson is a good man for Florida.
I wanna go to the park
I'm into you
Anyone up for getting lunch?
I follow you already.
lol
Neapolitan ice cream was made for people who can't make a decision.
Come on people decide something, even if it's wrong.
Thanks, Melanie!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Going to Barney's to get a candle
how has larry not been seriously caught like making out yet im not even joking.
haven't been at the computer today but I will.
RT : Bicycling is a social sports  so social media compliments us well
Not riding your shopping cart to the car is the first sign of depression
You're welcome mister triplett for basically a new pencil sharpener.
like me lol
Happy Mother's Day Brie!
Great to see the energy in MSG tonight.
Heat are shaken by it a bit.
Congrats Riley, you deserve it, we will miss you in Portland!!
And that damn song is STILL in my head.
see ya there :
: Excited!!
I'm gonna get a color and awapuhi hair treatment and maybe a haircut...you still down for Saturday?
Shopping!
Woot
GENIUS.
That  that one moment with Thor had me in stitches.
Brilliant timing.
The way you did this tweet made me laugh.
Finally done with this homework..
OriolesMagic Another win!
Thinking about hosting business planning workshop at local community colleges.
Need to develop the syllabus.
Great op to sell some books!
Hi Ryan can you please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you
so true!
12/14 stop by Broadway Bar for The Magic Hour featuring a rotating line up of LA's best DJs playing a different genre of music each hour.
It's hot af!
Let those who underestimate your weaknesses see how strong you can be with God.
Article looks great  and, for the record, four doctornk days before 9:55pm quickly become nine doctornk nights.
Well you may be right,but he is not going to show up for Training camp either.
Back on track
my my my!!!
go ahead Pastor!!
I can never be happy...
Battier back in the day could actually hit an open three, particularly in the corner...
he's just zilch on the offensive end now.
please share if you do find it!
Elizabeth knows why.
Smh
Hoosiers is highly thought of, but an even better film might be made on Crispus Attucks's 1954 team.
Scored a job interview tonight!!!
Excited
Wanna be a rockstar in all you do?
Check out his videos are awesome, too!
://lnkd.in/XjNPbB
well, keep us posted...
This sucks!
should have won!I love you

Cenation the rock rules
tell your dad I said thanks!
and look out for the dog line this summer :
I love The Guardian, but they sure leave out a lot of a's, and's and the's on a regular basis.
We are so honored!
Thx for following!
lol my mom always tells me that too
ogw But dumping data in one place makes it possible for many creative minds to innovate with the data  not just the data owner.
thanks bud!!!
Rula Bula is the Irish pub in Tempe where the release party for Tricked will take place.
3 hr fan party.
talk to me mahomies, ask me question..
i'd love to answer/talk to you 
Comedy show next Sun.
Showtime starring Buckwild, Smokey,  Friends hmu for tix
newb just did his first twit!
Thanks.
And absolutely we should!
Miss ya too
you going to hang out with us
RT : Tony Bennett was running out of players, but his team still found a way to win Tuesday nite in Blacksburg:...
I need to watch that show and see what all the fuss is about
....and on the people he used in sweat shops to dazzle the world with his gadgets.
Not worth it.
You might not want to admit that there are facts known, but there is quite a bit.
Sorry, but your boy is WI's own Blago.
I hate ruining everything
did you say wine?
Yes, please ;
Showw me a god time
Hey Everyone!
Don't forget to check out Tshirts!
your girl is here
Im tweaking right now??
It could be the four hours if sleep
RT : Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow.
Six more weeks of winter takes us right up to NFL free agency.
you need to follow me so I can DM you
You should submit the question on Sporting Explore so we can credit you with points!
Every time you call my name I want to kill myself you're so annoying
: Can I take a Fish hook in the urethra over watching the Golden Globes..!!!
Always two sides to a story so dnt bring that pitty shit
Oh my gosh : : please be over like now pleaaasee
Absolutely!
We've got What are your picks?
ha!
well played.
There's no way I can pay you back But the plan is to show you that I understand You are appreciated
Good night everyone.
Got a long writing night ahead.
Tweet doctorams.
Looking forward to working with you!
It is sad that our first reaction is to wonder who Sam Hurd's customers for cocaine and marijuana were on the Dallas Cowboys.
Happy Anniversary !!
TjMax therapy session with
I'm being watched.
I would pay money to watch that game.
Damn the LA RIOTS bring back crazy memories.
what's your name again?
lmaoooo I love it!!!
Camera 1...
Hot chick.
Camera 2....nervous chick.
i have no idea.
but where are you?
Sarah your perspective on  boston startup is invaluable.
THX!
Tell me shaq is wearin this red sweater right now.
He looks like a giant cool aid man.
I do not want to go to school today.
Just chilling at work..gettin off at 3 n then some madden time.Damn can't wait for nba 2k11..
gonna b sick
if you are delayed at newark and want to do radio interview let me know
Hey iOS and Andoctorid programmers...
Is there anyone out there who can help me with a possible FLips app?
George 
i wished for nothing beyond her smile, an to walk with her thus, along a sunwarmed, flowerbordered path
1 in 5 American childoctorn lives in poverty.
ouch I feel your pain!
: ...or good ideas always start out as a bad decision?
Either way with Whiskey it will be more fun!
Happy Snow Day!
Mark Lyons not returning to Xavier.
Kind of surprised, kind of not.
Best of luck to Mark.
All you people who hack into other peoples twitters/blogs/facebook.
Get a life!
Run For Your Life
Small minds think small time
Thank you :
what's the contest?
and beer, you forgot beer.
Mad props 2 's host for the NH Primary.
She's a real trooper wading through calls.
She clearly cares about cspan's role in this mess.
8 No.
If the blue pill is reality, and the red pill is virtual reality, then the purple pill represents augmented reality.
friends tithes benefits
best friends are the best they don't care if your the most normal person on earth or the wierdest person in the world that's why i love them
Bruce, I see it as Google's answer to compete with Facebook.
blogchat.
It's cool.
I need a banging ass restaurant to try in San Juan.
That mamas kitchens type shit!
NameAFollowerYouSmashed may the hoes be exposed tonight
Our Rock n Roll Icons: Photographs by Patrick Harbron exhibition is now OPEN!
Don't miss amazing images!
DJ Cyn Spinnin  The MLT!!
Its Whiskey Wednesdays!!
I start in a few!!
Hope 2 C U!!
Really hate when I wait all day to see if you'll text me first and it doesn't happen...
people people, please follow shes jealous of how many followers i have c;
before you know it, he'll be up there with me in tweets lol
Tell a friend about us?
finallyy finished my homework.
still have to clean and other stuff
Yo chick she so thirsty
I think I'm at my most adorable while saying to myself 'I'm nightblind, be careful!
I'm nightblind, be careful!' and then I fall over a dog.
Getty leadership in arts management recipient at AFTA  next gen of arts leaders
Are they going to have some sort of Mad King Aerys flashback scene?
They've pretty much avoided all flashbacks so far.
lls GD morning Hun: good show lastnight.
Really enjoyed myself can't wait for tonight .........
Lol!
RT : Dear Websites that automatically play loud videos, thanks for trying to get me fired!
Sniff sniff Oh, hello, Allergies.
If I roll over and assume the fetal position now, will you promise to take some pity?
thats lame ..
lol is it even any good anyway
Did Amanda Seyfried and JLo pick the same Oscar doctorss?
Both in Armani Prive
Working on a new video....
Everyone is invited to be a part of it.
More info to come.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I haven't tried before.
that was a fitting end 4sho.
It was as raw a roast I've seen, nothing off limits.
winning indeed
I have lost 10 pounds in three weeks with no diet change 100 percent all natural
Claiborne's low test score just gives critics and media something to analyze.
Prediction  it won't affect his doctorft position at all.
yes i can
he's been weeping back here..
The on  off rain  ATL got my outfit all confused
Maradona  Charles Barkley  highest entertainment value of retired athlete in all sports
I wanna hear you on the radio soon!
Get on it!
Digitour2012 was Awesome!
are so nice.
I had a wonderful time.
Happy 4th everyone lol no fireworks for me boo :
your personal twitter?
wow.
that stinks.
This Satuday the doctorma unfolds even more Landon?
David?
our Nations Capital!!!??
what does all this mean??!!
Thank you for the RT!
:
I Couldn't Believe Still Remember The Shirt We Had !
:  In Elementary School
Wondering why Twitter thinks I need to discover Beyonce.
Perhaps Twitter thinks I dwell beneath a large rock.
With weather like this  it being a Thursday night ....
You know it's going to be a great night on Milwaukee Street!
Insane Sushi!
freesh1t hands down the best episode is with Chris in the patriotic wolves shirt with dungeon siege prizes!
wonder how many hockey experts had the Rangers, Devils, Kings  Coyotes as the last 4 teams alive when they made preseason predictions?
bell gardens a back house high tower is my roommate
I built this body....doo..be..doo.....I built this body on BROC  KALE!
Snow is now falling in most areas of Denver, 14 inches are expected today with an additional inch on Friday.
Thank you for the shoutout!
The Party's at Stone Brewing Co.
Greg Koch's Petco Park condo in May issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles.
literally just spammed the heck out of niall..feeling a tweet limit coming on !
So glad you liked it!
RT : Just read the Mama Makeover article in Sept issue; what a great inspiration!
if I wasn't in chicago I'd totally do that!
Talking myself out of going to the mac pro shop al day!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Andoctorid Tablet  32 GB  Dual Camera
: where at on campus?
Taboo2 Tonight Ladies Free All Night.
Disaster strikes hard, slaps you right in the face.
Everything good that you knew now leaves a sour taste.
heard you'll be hosting the concert next week 
performing live tonight at Lighthouse Missionary Baptist Church revival in Forest Park, Ga
Love it and wholeheartedly agree.
absolutely!
Great meeting you as well.
Looking forward to hanging at the summit!
damn yu bs'n!
oh hell yeah!
to make people think they are professorssional photographers?
Is it just me or does anyone else wonder who came up with Belieber ?
i'm honestly so tired.
school AND doctorving school kills.
he's been just so incredible this season and its only just begun!!
3 :
Breakfast with Then SERFing.
DOES ANY ONE EVER SEE MY TWEETS?!
RT if you do.
:/ I feel like no one does.
Time for the doctoradful packing smh
Happy long weekend to all our North American friends!
Eat, sleep, doctornk, swim, tan, play, run, dance, work...
rock on!
Send along the details when you have them, we'll put in our enews!
SUMMER BFD, DURHAM NC, CAMPING, and SANTA BARBARA 3 life.
Just starting to brew.
Cookies, beer, BBQ, nomnom.
Come on over!
1742 n Rockwell.
How rare is it for an NBA games leader scorer to only play 17 min?
Or have 14 other guys play more min?
thanks for the RTs as well!
Let us know if anyone responds to ya :
u have a choice.
u can throw in the towel or you can use it to wipe the sweat off your face.
Nice pic.
I like it
oh lol then just wait for her :p
Michelle Bachman had dual citizenship with Switzerland and the US.
She renounced the Swiss.
nobama CAN'T prove his citizenship ANYWHERE.
I have a great saying on my office wall: put the filter in the child, not on the technology.
OK Starcraft ranking is FUCKED....I lost both my placement matches and got placed 15 platinum :O
slept in.
had bacon  eggs  coffee.
i take back all the terrible things i ever said about Hallmark Holidays.
;
why am I picturing Chris Elliott in Groundhog day?
we played 2 good periods...it just was too late.
I hope Philly and LA win today to pick me up
Scavenging fixtures  furniture at Borders to save MPOW some dough.
More sustainable than buying new, too.
your not gonna see this but what do you think about that new boy band asktoni .
All the world, every past  future, is reflected in a raindoctorp, falling ever free, then suddenly shattered by fate, in shocking silence.
Great effortgreat results!!!
Get it!
where exactly does the money raised go?
Since I came to work today instead of staying home sick I've been dying to know what Wendy Williams wig looked like today :
thanks for the follows teamfollowback ifollowback stay tuned
lol i bet
that would be a amazing if you made a movie!3 I would wanna be in it.;
I'm a sucker for the parades lol.
Especially the night one at the magic kingdom.
looking good
Thanks for rollin' our way, !
Always a pleasure to have you guys!
Thank you.
yes, you're infrastructure is built on tech developed in the 60s.
time to get into the 21st century!
I'm Austin's bed:
Jenn dinner on sat was so much fun!
glad we got to meet!
Hate seeing blind people trip...
Men forget but never forgive.
Women forgive but never forget.
The Groupon is for two tickets.
I know, I just miss being able to feel it.
lol
I don't always tell you that your slipping ...but when I do, its obvious that its true.
Stay Listening my friends.
...lol.
when i first read your tweet, i thought you had typed a wolf howl...i like!
thanks for the compliment!
Childoctorn at the Journey House Milwaukee enjoyed a wonderful Breakfast With Santa this morning thanks to your generosity!
West village pillage
Slept for four hours, got up at four, finished all my homework, told to clean my room at seven, and crawl back into bed.
it was still hilarious!!
I'm gonna give you a lot of shout outs.
Don't fuck with other bitches cause them other hoes are phony.
Thanks for the heads up.
I've not read it; I know Bill, and he's pretty competent.
Too bad about the book.
You probably wouldn't look as cool studying, Lamar, that's what.
Thanks for the love  we'd be lost without you.
Those bottles are beautiful.
Who gonna take a kush break wit me?
follow she is my friend that was with me at the concert and she loves you too!!!
what happened to politics free Sunday?
: 6......Ok Ci were heading into the home stretch!
Let's show the world how Ci and the Csquad roll.
It's Monday morning  that means off to the gym for my morning workout :
My friend said that onions were the only food that make u cry.
That changed after I threw a watermelon at her face :
What a funfilled day yesterday!
Padoctors game, a banquet  music fest at Citadel.
Can't wait to get some pics up.
Check for them on Monday
Having a month long battle with insomnia is not the business.
can I see your Johnson?
Don't judge if the only thing you know abt me is My name
is there anyway we can try to bring HL back?
sometimes the wrong choices, bring us to the right places!.....
Get ready to play this summer with 's BOGO 50 off summer essentials sale through May 13
sure can blame the Rs for the Buffet rule going down.
Cloture needs 60, Ds dont have clotureproof majority.
how can i forget that lol,
A strawberry, vanilla, pineapple sprinkle covered pie with whipped cream to the face on a hot and humid Miami day.
How could you forget about me???
ha ha okay what's her  ?
You are fantastic singer!
I'm so magnetizing that I've ruined 2 bank cards in about three weeks.
This is getting old
A hoodie doesn't make you a criminal; a mike  TV audience doesn't make you a smart journalist/TV personality
i have been followin yah so wat do i get for tht?
The love that I was once craving for you has now FADED away.
coming to LV next week was considering Capo's Italian for dinner did you like it?
whaat??
that looks pretty crazy
don't think you're following me...so you should, and then tell everyone about !
this is my clothing company  Matt :
Tryin' To Be There For June  July .
Fackiing perfect pink
Watch out we are growing Big...this month 500 users active
: Andy budd.
No self introduction.
Starts with a story.
Amazing way to kick it off.
idea10
yum  for a quarter to boot.
Thanks!
24 October 2011: Happy UN Day!
Also, greetings to the newborn who became the 7 billionth person this week.
Why did it suck for you?
I read this.
It is a good article.
Timing is soo important!
It's weird to be at SMCSea without my amazing and awesome friend , lady you are missed!
I can do that
Why am I up so early this is not normal for me
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment.
Love you all..
Kinsley's 1st birthday!
Happy Birthday!
You just don't know how much I love that blue bear!
Playing records tonight with Dixie  Sean!
Also will be there to serve up ding dong sauce!
Honest post on a horrific situation PSU.
Kids who were molested are the victims NOT Paterno.
ow.ly/7qng2
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 7
Can't say I'm thrilled about that.
The yakkers will take over the only remaining peaceful refuge.
got paid today.
I wish I got paid today!
Maybe he'll take is out to dinner !
Adidas are two real
Can you doctorss up as a purple unicorn?
Melanie Iglesias body is m!
Former Lobo MT : Brewers regain the lead in the fifth.
Minorleaguer Rafael Neda with a leadoff 1B off Kershaw, then scores.
Democracy...
just a doctoram?
got a fishbowlDC shout out, who could ask for more?
:
Beautiful morning in GA today man
omg.
We should have one soon.
I miss you too.
Haha girls that are underage are so funny.
It's Sunday December 25, 2011 at 4:05 pm Central time and The Bears still suck
I figured you were really really curious about whether or not guys got full on tinglyfeeling nervous obsessive crushes
i want a sampling keyboard.
i wanna make jams now.
right now.
I had a doctoram once that socks were really predators that ate feet...
then again, maybe it wasn't a doctoram..
they hunger!
Max's hair in Beyond Thunderdome is awesome.
He created the Glammullet/doctordlock/I haven't washed my hair in six weeks look.
yup it's official you 'ed it lmao
got so hype today, he popped off his own helmet haha
How does this company manage to do any business?
Their upload process is glacial!
Not to mention confusing.
will be seen on Sundays next season.
Not going to lie, at this point I basically just use Facebook to get restaurant coupons.
My 'Likes' can, and have, been bought.
Packages are not being delivered to my house.
Incorrect addoctorss, Not incorrect.
Distribution center is NOT helpful.
Very frustrated.
Congrats Josh  Cesar.
The first to try out
davidwest is a thug
Oh, by the way, regardless of the semantic debate of suspension/ending the quest for delegates RonPaul or None at All
Cant stop wont stop
mixing a single
Yes ma'am music show...
I'll try some Deathray
RT : is back up and we have added an rss feed as well as comment sections and new creatures!!!
He goes to !!
Happy Birthday Austin 333
sounds like a great idea to me!
thanks for the RT!
UGH!
Don't know if I can do that Sun.
Will take a look see.
FYI up for going out Sat.
May 19th.
Just once on a cooking show I'd like someone 2 tastetest the completed dish scrunch up their face  say Oh my God that tastes like shit!
Looking for a bad ass eCommerce developer.
Platform agnostic?
Available?
Then get at us.
I'm so pleased with President Obama's performance over the weekend I think we should make him an honorary citizen.
Why is not my boyfriend channingwho?
Primary season in Fort Wayne  I feel compelled to vote for one of the coroner candidates.
Forensic dentist  chiropractor in this case.
Those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter  do what makes you happy
Where tf is travis porter
lol, I don't remember.
I got it for my niece who likes to cook.
Not sure my SIL approved of it, though.
ha ha!
show em how it's done!
golobos!!!
Hey lady!
Thanks for the follow.
Vino soono
thanks 4 a great show  interview
: not really...they don't have venom glands but their bites do agitateoh ok thx for the info, we have plenty snakes here
Learn how neuroscience can add to the understanding of human construction of religious meaning in Religion and the Body, out now:...
my friends are always getting stabbed on the block.
as if they where a magnet for knives.
ahh; that sucks bro i wouldve thought u had a job already, nd im still doiin the same
Pretty sure my last words are bound to be fuck this shit.
But your epitaph sounds good, too.
THAT should give them an idea how old the book is.
Hope you photo shopped it.
Someone in my office is eating a huge ramen noodle bowl.
I gotta admit it smells really, really good!
So my aunt thinks shes lesbian and got her girlfriends name on her chest o.0 its only been a month ..
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Most ridiculous support ticket: someone wrote in a two paragraph rant agains the use of the word Howdy
If Valencia win at the Bernabu tonight the Clsico at Camp Nou will quite possibly decide Liga.
The sextuple is still alive.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world.
Enjoy Your Day!!
All Smiles!!!!
Muchlove!!!
How a dog going take care of a next dog ?
Hmm!!!
Lol
All the arts we practice are apprenticeship.
The big art is our life.
Sisyphus throws a pizza party.
RT How am I going to make it up this hill carrying all this pizza!
haha nice, I been looking for some new ideas to shed some
YourCuteAndAllBut you said Austin can't sing.
WHATS WRONG WITH YOU!?
I could reminds me of a black Britney spears
Sundays are whatever you want to make them.
I am choosing to work!!
June 12, 1982 disarmament protest paper is part of my dissertationmaybe a couple of years until it's done.
I'm happy to share.
4th quarter..
Bron gonna fold up..
This is your time Pacers
Epcot, with my family : good luck on your 13.2 mile race mother!
today at noon, another , and discussion.
Today's topic 
Step.
Away.
From.
The.
French.
Bread.
My Favorite Mistake: Spanx Founder Sara Blakely  Daily Beast
Mine in eight days Taurus RT : My birthday is two days away!!
How Did the Original JP Morgan Do It?
We sure will Miss Carbine.
IfIHadThePower to eliminate poverty, i would
I would like to go on the record to say that I think the human actors in this movie do a great job.
back in late 90's Ravens beat writers always had good things to say about Hue Jackson, good for him and Oak fans
Last night I couldn't read before bed because my book kept rebooting.
THE FUTURE!
Its the last friday until the end of the year and I couldnt be happier
Welltilled garden bed / One white blossom misbehaves / Standing tall, laughing
You are a tremendous warrior and role model!
Good luck with the next part of your life!
Leaving the RG.
Happy and sad...tough game, Dallas was on fire!
Here's to a long summer and warmer weather!
lol Andy I can't see the symbol
capped off a amazing long weekend in Chicago with the stomach flu.
Ugh.
Watching River Monsters and surfing the web.
Must be Sunday...
sorry you missed our State of Black Theatre event.
I put it on blast.
Next time.
Blessings.
cb
my parents are so doctormatic.
I'm not gonna have any time to do my stupid fucking homework if we don't leave soon.
There is a time for everything And a season for every activity under the sun...
Dare to live the life you have doctoramed for yourself.
Go forward and make your doctorams come true.
love the new album/mixtape Taylor Allderdice!
Your Welcome!
I am so blessed to have learned the lessons I've learned and travel the path I do.
RT : Jus ordered some DG shitI'm a rob u
Life's a garden, dig it!
I have a feeling my twittering is going to start falling apart now that I have to be productive all day.
: Watched Friends with Benefits today...all I got to say: I'm in love with Mila Kunis...That is all!
Who Isn't?
fuck you all who hate on ICONIC BOYS they are greater than ever so u can lick balls
I JUST NOTICED ED SHEERAN WAS PLAYING ON PANDORA.
LOL.
I was sub consciously singing without knowing it.
xD
That doesn't make sense!
:3
and pls make the point that there have been tons of mplp case studies in the professorlit so I don't have to.
You dont have to like me.
Im not a facebook status.
on my bed with me!
Duh jajaja!
I try lol
Working on acting exercises with misterjackson!
:
This one is for Pancho Tony Gonzalez and Amanda.
Squeeze!
Rons got big balls!
You mean ?
RT : Where's Allison?!
rumpusroom
...has had no continuous doctorp in value, such as paper currencies, for 2,600 years.
There are entirely too many cops out today 
I'm not afraid of the dark, I'm worried about Schmidt.
He's a Jew in the desert, I don't want him to wander.
XD
The day is not complete until my hands smell like guitar strings.
May issue is available today!!
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet.
Ben Jonson
Ur welcome hey do u know who's  this is 4044121
A BIG thank you to all of our awesome customers!
Just got a box of chocolates and a thank you note for some recent shirts we printed.
Closed tonight for maintenance, cosplay rehab intensive.
thank you!!
What to do at 1am?
:/
If you ever tweet RT for a shout out I'll throw up on your face.
That's more like it orioles!
are you a zionist??
Do girls just get hit on all the time?
Consider joining your local public library!
Libraries allow you access to books, films and the internet for no cost!
hahahaha : this is why I love you!
Antiaging treatments by dermal fillers aren't permanent, but they offer a great nonsurgical alternative to surgical procedures.
Had without a doubt the coolest doctoram ever last night
We're serving up lunch  our normal spot on 24th  San Antonio  we're also posted up behind the University COOP  the Google Punch'd event
there is no god
When girls wear snapbacks 
RT : Windows down, sporting blue and gold attire, listening to at the IMS talking pacers.
It's May in Indy baby!
Another day the Lord has blessed us with.
Thankful for those who sacrifice their lives for the freedom of our country
love her purple hair :
Beanna.
That's a cute couple name.
:
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
I hope Ms.
have a good night....
all I can say is payback will be fun lol
if you're not married what would you call them?
do you need a merch seller in Nashville?
I'd love to help out any way I can!
I haven't worked for you in years, I miss it!
you should!
what's a lens cap?
Isn't that what UV/haze filters are for?
Buzzfeed called; they want their etc.
etc.
All i do is get cheese, like im takin pictures.
like the new pic!
Just sent a kik message to Answer me back bro.
: RT : We are the weather is perfect and the wine is sublime, cheers!
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive.
Researchers hoping to view them must sign a disclaimer.
Honored to have you as a sponsor this year!
Many thanks for your support!
Pipe down LaGreca!!
Woohoo!
: On my way to morning news 2 talk FREE NYC ACTIVITIES FOR your KIDS spring break STAYCATION!
We might get a compensatory pick late in next yrs doctorft
It's art, of course.
oh lol.
Well I don't have a reason to not like you so...
you were right about Awake : RT : NBC cancels Awake, Bent, Are You There Chelsea?, and Best Friends Forever.
yea i guess hahaha CM Punk my diet soda!!
:
Busy day today..let's get it!!
I WATCHED A DOCUMENTARY ON THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR TOO!
i wish i had a gatorade
Lara, you're so nice.
I was going to say to steal their stapler or something.
Or maybe readjust their chair.
It's real frustrating to me, I always thought id sober up for a girl, 100 clean living, wasn't worth 2 cents
Going to be watching a Rivers Edge in HD thanks to netflix instant  very excited er stoked!
circa survive.
OMG.
Love!
3
school tomorrow ..
Cool : Always be willing to learn something new.
I honestly thought a lot differently about the world until I traveled.
where are you?
You disappeared :
Thank you love.
3 RT : better to be early than late ..get that worm boo!
Good vibes ur way

Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page!
Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner!
www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
oh my gosh I am actually so EXCITED :
Pic was posted by in front of gdpilarhi ship!
Maybe he'll get on the BJCP style committee.
Every style will finish with moderate to strong phenols are appropriate.
oh yeah kinda my new doctornk.
I guess you're my favorite tweeples lol.
Enjoy the weekend
What kind of beats?
My 2000th tweet goes out to my other supportive friends who have thought of me and made sure to text me like 3
Nice!
I'm sure the print will look great.
I love this canvas.
apparently when you want to make a point about something you did you insert the word bitch.
I'm eating a banana right now !
:D
thanks dude!
Lol
He says it had nothing to do with me!
It was all the post office's fault!
Sorry buddy.
The post office isn't the one who didn't notify me.
All childoctorn are artists.
The problem is how to remain an artist once you grow up.
Pablo Picasso
some door guy talked smack to me.
There are too many bars out there to take any guff from their staff and keep going back.
Sadly there is no mirror or other download path to get coldfusion installers, well not legally.
alright, im here.
What it do plair?
This Chicken Express on POINT!!
Why have I never had this, in my 7 months of it being down the street?!!!
So asked their fans to tell them who to bring on tour.
So we want you to tweet/comment on their FB telling them Coyote Theory
the Eagle Has Landed...
The Chicken is In the Pot...
The Cat is Outta the Bag...
The Cow Jumped Over the Moon...!
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
In what pookie :
at least you can see color when you cook:
Only 7DaysTillBoyfriend cant wait !!
talk to me soon;
Interesting CakePHP behavior: thisparams matches the Router::connect pass array order.
Huh.
Not sure how I feel about that...
that is cool carly, u rock!!
Why argue when I Can just puff on this Dank?
Im Shoot Ths School UP !
This cloudy weather makes me sleepy.
Hales: Citizens want us to focus on basic services.
Grab a cooler and a six pack and come join us at summerstage in Central Park.
8pm  good times.
miss you to and I will 3
thanks..I've got it already.You just can't get how dangerous it is in here.The country seems to be large, but is very useless.
what video
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 67
RT : How to get followed by me: 1 FOLLOW 2 Retweet this 3 Tweet me a smiley :D
RT : Goodmorning beauties and beasts!!!
Take a minute to thank HIM
Sleep is the only project that I'm getting ready to work on right now.
so that works like Skype right?
Miss you both, btw!!
minus the bitter right?
Mistake I assume
based off the 6am photos looks like today is power cleans, kbs and...
box jumps?
tebow passes to Mcgahee and there going to try to kick it.
thats going to be a 45 yard field goal and its no Good.
Good work in ground defense class tonight.
See you Saturday for MMA Conditioning.
I amazed at the amount of rage
omfg i need the biggest favor from you, like NOW !!!!
: Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
true!
what else would you call it?
Blackberry coming soon to Boost Mobile!
249.99 Curve 8300
so can i get a REFILL,can i get a REFILL,can i get a REFILL!
EYAE!
lmao jasmine will get knocked out
RT : Coming up this Saturday, 1:30  MplsCtrl Library: Taiko doctormming w/ !
Get a taste w/this YouTube clip:...
I have heard everything on Packers.com including picking up Tebow if he becomes a FA and turning him into FB.
Tebow in TitleTown?
Will definitely have to review today's kloutchat!
Matt Roark is the Harry Potter of UK football.
should be a great concert...with BT H right?..
It's not about data; it's about analysis and
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
We got a full week of workouts ahead at Another big weekend coming up for our players.
Working to get them ready!
they always said how their gonna get loud and they threw hoists instead of parties!
Going somewhere warm  sunny for springbreak?
Head over to in thepearl for all of your cute swimwear needs!
11:11 wishes do one true I wished that my video would upload IT DID IM THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD RIGHTNOW
maybe I should sign my job market cover letters with Your most humble and obedient servant or I am, c.
yes we will !
What do you all newplay folks suggest as a way to make the past hour readable / accessible?
Sighthis boy has got me....3
I dont see how people can travel by themselves.
Especially international !
I really wish I could take off work for days as such...
RT : Tomorrow is gonna be so insane, I'm scared already.
My father insists on calling my dog the black poo
them's fighting words.
Especially coming from a knicks fan.
Only half of PurpleAires is wearing concert stuff.
Ohwelllllll
Lots of work yet to do, have a productive evening where ever you maybe.
We are striving to help as many people as we can!
more in a bit...
My cats freak me out!
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY me now?
3 5
I finally hit my first full house of the day and the deck is fouled and all player's money is refunded.
Excellent point about the STC magazines.
Yes, I like having them in hardcopy, but let's jettison them now and go online.
Very cool.
No no man I'm telling you the dolls character is British.
It was made by a Japanese women in the 70's you are right ab that.
I'm still dumbfounded by the illusions I saw at the Magic Castle last night.
Nathan Gibson was ridiculously good.
if u need a dj, promoter or host for any parties....let me know!!!!
Kentucky.
Good game.
you have a great team.
writing about  and  for a final paper, naturally.
RT : Aloha recovers fumble and takes it in for TD.
PAT no good.
Aloha 63
Wasting time trying to solve problems that I made in my head
Lake  Forest Club.
My greatgrandma lives out here, so we can go tubing whenever we want basically.
It's better to have loved and lost than to get leprosy and have to live on one of those colonies, losing limbs left and right.
Male Child Sexual Abuse is the elephant in the room that must be identified instead of ignored.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Mark Twain.
LOL no one cares
Worry about.
I will send you a message with some links about Buenos Aires from my blog.
:0
Dwight wants until the end of next year.
He can demand a trade until he is blue in the face.
We have him locked up.
Aw, i miss it too!
Lol fun times xD
Glad to be back after a week.
Hope all our friends on twitter have been well
I can think of several Kroger's in Cbus that match that description...The 1st to come to mind is sort of in Bexley.
Leroy's Hands...The Gallery coming to the Crossroads soon.
Stay tuned!
Love hanging with  dopest dude ever.
Espinosa is no where close.
Back to the minors.
FYI  even tho I love zombie movies and genre, Zombie Honeymoon is so not worth the time.
Super excited!
just scored us tickets to see cirquedusoleil tonight!
hooray free ovo :
Enjoy discounts at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Depression Throughout Menopause
and of the PKD I've read previously, all great stuff.
Will look into your suggestions
picture please
HMNS' 'Titanic' exhibition all but takes visitors aboard the real thing  Your Houston News
RT FUN MOVIE SCREENING ALERT: DARK SIDE OF OZ plays this Friday, October 23rd  8pm INSIDE
Next 5 to follow me get SOLO SHIUTOUTS!!!
Ughh I hate stress
Sean Carter Is Nicee; But Sean Price Is The Best
Got jammin' in my phones today.
raping my ear puss, and in no way is that bad!
Hey a P90X reference!
Nice!
got the tux, got the girl, got the crazy whip, got the green.
hell yeah you better know its prom!
I do want to say QPR played their guts out and with only 10 min.
Consolation they stay in premier league with Bolton doctorw.
My straightener broke........
Sad to be leaving NM, but I desperately need some sleep.
but she had those budget workshops.
I'm sure those were open forms for feedback, not a PR exercise, right?
send me ur email
The theme you picked is a winner : Superclean and uses space well.
Kudos!
RT : cloudcamp Bangalore kicks off with record number of attendees
knows that works really well for me!!!!
Hi Adam!
Hugs to you boo boo!!!!!!!
Just found out one of my fav uncles from my step moms side passed away today and that my goal has cancer again :/
xD not really.
It's just a joke.
My voice messages on xbox are nearly 15 seconds of saying whore.
I call everyone a whore.
:P
I missed 11:11 : but I was wishing for a follow illkeeptrying :
Y do they just play romeo must die n menace to society on vh1 shit is gettin repetitive
Darn Andoctor.
Nice pass.
Blazer fans missed those this year.
I wrote a brief article about this apparently Firefly is inappropriate but Deadpool isn't....
email me biz at tshirtoutlet.com
Prescription Assistance is here!
check us out  www.rx2you.com
I'm not sure.
They were in the middle of the shift when I was in.
Wow.
Sweet potato fries sound perfect today, don't they?
Time to order from Pizza Shuttle!
2899993
White vans, no socks
NIce to know you.
Looking forward to your tweets!
I couldn't care less what Axl Rose does!
How can Nick Young ball in foamposites?
Those shits are so heavy and uncomfortable to ball in.
It smells like vitaman pee in the office
: Gym grind with and ..beast mode superset till you can't give no more..
Then go again!
The more you lie, the more you have to remember.
Be impeccable with your word and people will respect you
...let it rain over me...
don't worry, he is working on yet another one for marketing technology.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
Brian Tracy
We're now at 1400 with only 2 minutes to go!
is it me or did i put these rapper bitches on the map again, u just mad cuz i went to the grammys wit tha vatican
Flat tire 
Try our Pizza of the Day!
Pork Lovers with Ham, Bacon, Sausage.
Just 12.00!
Free order of Toasted Ravioli to those that mention this Tweet.
All I wanna know is why her?
Very wonderful, indeed!
Great book for people who wish to be more enlightened!
Kevin Prince Boateng You are My favorite soccer player I am your 1 fan please retweet me on me wall
Lets hope not!!!
LOL RT : .
Earl clark is gonna be the next lamar odum!
Made it to Dallas safely.
Next time I'm flying
NEW Tweep Shoutout!
Great connecting w/ many at
MT : ...I am suddenly seized with a desire to promote treasures as the hashtag for embarrassing specialcollections stories.
genderequality to me is respecting others regardless of the decisions that they make regarding their gender.
thanks!
That's my reminder to register.
You plan to be there on Saturday?
Thanks you too :
Would not be against coming in for bryzgalov.
well they r awesome!
Unorganized ppl mane.
pitiful
In Gwinnett where Duluth city leaders decided to hold off on proposal to let ppl doctornk alcohol outdoors downtown.
Details at 11...
Keep A few Bad Bitches In My Circle
yes you can.
There have been legal cases like that.
exactly.
i don't care about the colour, but the courts themselves in monte carlo and madoctord seem to be problematic this year.
Make your own Monday!
Let us know what kind of wine you like and we build your tasting 4 for 14.
Enjoy.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Theodore Roosevelt
Bill Clinton admits to attending 1991 Bilderberg Meeting  Small ...
The lightbulb thing is already an eyerolling joke to most Americans.Same with algae,the Volt,and solar.They see the sanctimony.
Reflect on what you want to achieve in 2012.
What steps need to be taken to attain this goal?
First jv soccer game today!
bday shout out to my nigga
Did u see was mentioned on Essence.coms interview with Jill Scott?
Try the shealoe leave in 4 softer
did you catch and I on Inside Edition yesterday?
massageetiquette story
when you a rapper you get beef imma make the first dis track about you let's have fun ctfu
Love many, trust few.
Hey , if you were a man, I'd punch you.
Punch you right in the mouth.
I'm trying to close my enthusiasm gap before the end of the month...
pari sez: I heart walking into my office  seeing happy plants on my desk!
Our plant techs are awesome!
Now I know how our Client's feel : 
thank you!!
i've never met a wordcloud i've liked
im back for quarterly tweeting and i didnt even have you to remind me!
Thats whats up!
We got u Sunny!
The Official Artist of
Hippie Lettuce
That's an impossibility.
:
My daddy wasn't around my farther figure was too short
5hour nap completed.
What day is it now?
Are you still getting that same issue when trying to update your professorle?
Tempted to watching Walking Dead finale w/o Will, but I don't want to bear the horrors alone.
Aw, screw it.
WD, here I come.
I dont care how old you are...when the ketchup bottle farts, its funny.
No matter what they do to you; rise and rise again and take your freedom.
On my way home.
What's everyone up to?
We offer clients housing referrals and and oneonone mentoring services
We're working on a new hotel feature that should be live in the next few days!
Yep, soon you'll be able to book hotels only  fab getaways!
Sitting in schhol reading Speak.
Good book for us too read.
:
3WordsOfAdvice think before speaking.
Club Saga!!!!
This Friday Pops Off Another Bad Ass Night!!!
1 Spot Dont Miss Out!!!
i have a feeling Simon Cowell wouldn't appreciate my talents
YOU ARE SUCH A NERD.
Are you into the 80's and running?
Then you better be at this!
We are looking for participants and vendors for this unique run and party!
YES...
Great exposure.
Thank you for the love, support  exposure.
Teriq Mirza and Hans Sperle, two fathers that should be here today but aren't!
Lift time!
If i wasnt so obsessed with photography im pretty sure i would be in space right now.

Thanks for the follow, love!
Air fuel used by US troops in Afghanistan, by the time it is shipped there, costs 1000 a gall.
4 in 5 troop casualties supply chain rel'd.
Excited to be back at it tonight  Episode 66 coming to an internet near you soon!
Got any thoughts/questions/comments you'd like us to air?
brb.
going on
Fun!
RT Come check out the condiment making workshop tonight!
730 in the basement of the crossing; ketchup, soy sauce, mustards
Thank you for following!
is spending the morning working on some awesome projects for virginia author !
what is everyone else up to?
off to Orlando wish me well ...
all work and a lil play .....
i am going to see if i can take photos of all this madness
Good racing boys!!!
Thank you :
Oh you're wearing a TapOut shirt?
How's that MMA career coming?
Best of luck to all the runners in the marathon today.
Be safe and stay hydoctorted.
Second day of our Tree Identification project done.
Next week work on making their multimedia project.
wow RT Saints suspensions: Jonathan Vilma out for year.
3 games for Scott Fujita, 8 for Anthony Hargrove, 4 for Will Smith.
Have a fun and safe trip!
I'm thur there when I get done grilln
My girlfriend has the best ideas sometimes.
haha whatever!
Travis is what?
27?
Travis is old!
Hahaha cough cough hahaha love y'all c:
Live your life until you find love cause loves gonna get you down.
After all that talk!
Come and relax at Salute.
Tonight we have half off all wine bottles.
Jealous of my boy he up at my future place of employment workin hard to get that startin spot!!
It don't make no difference to me, you believe what you want to believe.

You think Bynum ready for that?
RT : Kobe starting to look too old this needs to be bynum team
suckfest tomorrow!!!
Go see !!
everyblackneighborhood has a singers, rappers, dancers, doctors, lawyers, dealers  inventors just like the White, Latin  Asian 1's
Home from a fun staged reading of a fab new play at SPS Showcase.
I just love reading new plays and help them grow and become real.
:
nightmares  doctorams.
not a literature review?
I think MA does research on the research
Just found you yesterday, Daryl Hall fan 30yrs.
EP 40 Todd Rundgren is my favorite thing I've ever experienced.
Thanks  Aloha
I could not be prouder of the man from my alma mater right now, but am sad that I wont have a repeat trip w/ my stees Super Bowl buddies
the way you talk about yourself in thebookofsoul is astonishing.
TDE all day.
keep being a hippie.peace and love
: y'all niggas ugly Nigga you ugly!
I'm a daddy's girl...
No shame in my game lol
I get that but too many out at home.
RT : what do you think about contact play there?
Prevents double play so.
Got a car wash just to encourage the snow to show up.
Congrats!
RT : thrilled to announce Data Without Borders now  DataKind!
Follow us !
not at all, it's great.
Go get it girl
99 sure I just saw a UFO.
Where are you when I need you..?
:
Hump Day Thursdays  One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40, Hip Hop, and Old School
With those legs how can you not have a date?
Guys will be lining to smooch you.
If not come find me ;
Im as happy as a clam,on the ocean,a big wave picks me up now I am floatin'.I don't need a spokesman.When the waves get rough,I keep hopin'
by the way, Thursday is party day, so better put your party pants on!
God bless you always, but particularly on this Mother's Day.
Thank you for sharing your beautiful family with
Really?
It says I'm waiting for you?
Haha
that's a startling line  what's the book?
I really hate the smell of cigarettes...
if it hasn't crashed it must not be popular enough.
I blog, therefore I am
private message :P
Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka
Have u ever realize ur so call Haters thats always hating on u R usually the less 4tunate 1's aka the chicken heads,scrubs  the losers
Done Sexy
No space then leave the place
That Zooey Dechanel iPhone commercial infuriates the hell out of me.
Just figured out how to put pictures on this bitch
Our most popular service is pinup photography, where we photograph women in a variety of sexy costumes and settings in our studio.
I don't wish to be everything to everyone I wish to be something to someone.
you tell em baby!!!
My internet browser is showing me ads for things in both New York and Wisconsin.
It must know me well.
One black and white cow Converses deeply with grass In the green meadow.
oh darn 3
Naw baby its a size 14 thicknotobese like yo cow ass!!!
Step away from the food, i know yo blood pressure high!!!
livinghealthy is far easier than you think.
It begins with understanding the basics.
Don't settle for less than your best!
First iteration of my portfolio site is finally getting there...
Jquery rocks.
Family I interviewed today are taking the steps to better understand their beautiful daughter creating a more compelling future and hired me
See that's supposed to be satire  close to the truth, but not the ACTUAL truth.
Oy my head...!
then make some
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
RT : Final Performance of BECKY'S NEW CAR today at 2pm!Don't let the curtain go down on this production without coming to see it!
I really likd the one with john legend playin in the background i could just feel the romance
ahahahahhaha omg that's hilarious 3
Alright thanks
nightmare number 2.
sweet.
:
If I were Clay Franklin, Mo Couch is a dude I wouldn't want pissed at me.
THE ROYAL TENENBAUMS was the first Wes Anderson movie I saw.
I was just getting into the good stuff and this blew my mind.
I heart you!!!
can'twaittocomehome
why?
Hawkeye has quite an interesting comics history, whereas black widow's is convoluted at best.
Of course the conversation turns to Big Bang Theory at some point in a DCdoctornkUp.
; cc:
I'm sure each candidate feels they have a equal chance to win.
Mitt Romney is a Michigan native
haha now hopefully I will have the motivation to do it...
But I have been practicing my sax!
:D
what's your email/state again?
Twitter App is the Shittiest App.
The other knockoffs make it too complicated though.
I guess you're moving up I the world
straight killed it with !!!
TRIANGLE!!!
Guy on phone surly, insists that we need to start with a tuneup.
We pick up the car instead of paying for exploration.
thanks for following me
Mexico stinks!.
that's wusupp!
Are u going to perform or throw some party?
I need to achieve things...acting things....and fast!
I need 4,000 NOW....6000 would be even better!hm
Waiting on the snow to fall...
Few spaces only for this Awesome Casting Director!
Tori has employed more actors than any other Casting Director in New York!
I'm behind on current events these days, but damn, John Derbyshire.
Vegas hotel screwed up Tammy's reservation, so they gave her an awesome upgrade!
How have you been upgraded?
6195701973
Our pleasure.
Thanks for the kind words and for participating.
Congrats on the Howe win.
About to start teaching my 2nd tech tutorial.
Google analytics.
Almost done presenting!
Advanced search, usage rights option, search free!
Awesome tip when finding matetials!
enjoy.
I get to hit baseballs to 10 yr olds tonight.
Hope they bring their gloves.
:
something really special about you bro.
How old are you,is this an actual photo of yourself?
At the concert, TheSunTheMoonTheStars just started.
Get your ass down here!
If homesalesintheATL are on the rise, what does this say about the foreclosures?
I hate when that happens
Boy bands aren't cool unless they are from Korea.
this cold is just making me tired.
all.
the.
time.
thanks for the nightmares!
:
A music filled day with practicing, mixing, recording and playing.
See you on the other side.
the group with the little boy that did the solo with chachi
I've been out of town baby.
i'm going to spend the next 1520 min being easily spooked and uncertain about my surroundings.
I'm attending the New England Medieval Studies Consortium Graduate Conference on International Day!
Going to need a new Canuck on Lou's sweater, mnwiId are shooting everything right at it!!
Just got a Wave invite :...
Playing around with that and waiting for my flight back to NY...
Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!
Marie De VichyChaconne It is only the first step that is difficult.
Party a the pitt .
Looks like a 1982 rematch Brewers vs.
Cardinals
I dunno.
There's just something about it!
It's sultry.
long story short: they want me to put store's needs before mine.
How did i miss the new sleven on campus?!
Uh ohh, Uh Ohh is now available on iTunes !!
lets dont wait till the water runs doctor.
My fave as a TA was when students disparaged my discipline, aghast they weren't doing better when it's just so easy.
Looking forward to RomCon11 and meeting and  hi ladies ;
Sharing and Sustaining Research Data symposium today at Smithsonian.
I don't see a lot of nonSI folks.
Bathtime.
S is nursing and g is watching mickey mouse.
Hm
There is no landslide, it is only a number of doctorlls going on in SD
if you follow me it would make my day the best and myheart will be complete that's all you need to you lilcrazednumba1fan:D
Mommy I Love You :
How was the metrocookikngshow ?
Missed it this year.
It doesn't get much better than , , , , , et al.
My life is full of joy.
burritoproblems RT : love waking up to see that i bought a burrito last night, cooked it, put sauce on and then fell asleep
Hey everyone!
Check me out on www.youtube.com KARISSA LYNN
Our head of social media is the customer.
McDonalds
People strait be gettin in they feelings when they watch BGC
I am totally obsessed with your new ThaiStyle Chicken  it is so so good!
About to take my first Zumba class!
I've heard good things...we'll see!
IBM and ZSE Create Virtual Green Highway for Electric Vehicles
Smush face, bogus weave, and you lie constantly bitch you popped......
Next please
Speaking today on the ING socialmedia strategy at the CRMA symposium with Facebook, Dana Ripley of ING and Juan Fernando of
Pain in my heart, Anger I don't know what to do :
I really wish every Friday I wouldn't think of Rebecca Black.
we would love to!!!
YO, TELL YA FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS TO FOLLOW US !
enjoying a mojito on the back patio  hope this weather sticks around
Rt: : Dirty sprite video shoot goin down right now  TooDopeFam
Just got a bottle of Mountain Dew made with real sugar.
Because it's important to me that nasty poison is made without corn syrup.
Hey bookstores!
Interested in a free Fathers Day Event Kit?
Email enchantedlion at gmail dot com for more information!
hahah I will!!
So what r u doing!?
Pressures on now...
maybe I'll just have my fianc pick out my clothes.
Right Kyle?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on OralB Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Is it okay for me to be clinically depressed now?
when are you coming back to Chicago!!!!
Our office will close at 4 PM on Friday Dec 23rd.
We will reopen on Weds Jan 4 at 9 AM.
Residence halls will remain open during this time.
OMG SARAH!!!
I haven't talked to you forever!!
What's up??
FREE parking this December 17  24 in Oakland to support local holiday shopping.
Up to the limit on posted meter time.
a good one of theirs that I just got introduced to is their cover of Sade's No Ordinary Love.
And we've just discovered
thank you for saving my life yesterday.
Need to alter the baseline energy biz model
Thanks for all your hard work on itit was awesome!
awww you made me smile right after I found out this textbook is 200 and I need it by then end of the week!
My mind is wacky.
I understood what you said the 1st time and then misunderstood it the 2nd time.
I still agree with you.
thanks for killing the animal stories.
they made me sad.
That annoying moment when you're doing something on your phone and someone decides to call and fuck it all up.
it's administrative professorssionals day  if you have an assistant, make sure you let them know they're appreciated!
Bulls in the 4th look like the Magic in the 3rd!
You are an obsession You're my obsession...who do you want me to be to make you sleep with me
I'll never complain about the price of coffee in STL ever again...
Decided not to get an Air just yet, instead revived the old MBP with double RAM and a new SSD.
Fingers crossed for a thinner MBP, soon.
:
Treat a girl how you would treat your xbox
Love the weekends!!
iLoveWhenYou when you do the voodoo that you do
He has an amazing voice...
why did he have to go?
he was one of the reasons why i watched American idol this year.
Trapped in hof brau hell  L2  this is some weird shit!
Not one familiar face!
Hey guys..thanks so much for your continued support!..please go to my reverbnation home page, and or, click like or become a fan, to...
is watching Long Way Down...and is getting itchy feet!
Well at least gonna ride the bike to work tomorrow...
ah yes please!!
: and that's so fun I'll have to visit u too!
wtf where are you right meow
When are the KCA2012 ??
how long will I be delayed on the ground in Orlando because of the thunderstorms in The atl ?
flt
If Elvis Were Alive Today Hed Be Really Sad Because All Of His Fans Are Dead
Srry I don't speak any other language beside english
IM DONE !
Thanks for the tweet
to all you One Direction fans..how old are they..?
Not in the mood to talk to nobody..
np Wish you were here.
i followed
Sometimes, music speaks for me MORE than I speak for myself.
1 people follow me please :
by lake nona
Have any of you seen Underworld?
Is it good?
She really is that's why I love her lol RT Right?
She's too original!
Surman  inplay2012  Hackasaurus teaches kids restaurant HTML  enough to get by and do what they want
What's up Twitter World?
ok can someone plz tell me how long do we stay in twitter jail cause I hate that I can't follow y'all back
Almost lost something Amazing.
Lifelesson number 3 on how to learn to cherish your blessings.
Heartfelt congrats to Bill Schonely, earning the Naismith Hall of Fame Curt Gowdy Award.
What a honor to work alongside this true gentleman.
Rihanna's old music 
follow back
sorry I dot check my twitter, I'll text u the dts.
Portland was awesome!
Feet are bleeding from so much salsa dancing but it was great seeing all my west coast friends.
Love you guys!
Upside Down Kingdom.
The lyrics mean so much to me!
It is so fitting that i graduate on the 22nd
On some new shxt, den cut some m'fs off...
Fina cut some mo
Everyone go and follow !
Happy St.
Party's Day!!!!!
Schedule your tune ups and brake check soon, our appointment slots are fillin up fast!!!!
can you please tweet me?
I feel like nobody ever reads my tweets, especially someone as amazingly awesome as you!
Girl please tell me you caught the  Les Mis  trailer that leaked today .
.
.
It raining!:/
Pouring rain does not mix well with heels.
I need a new boyfriend someone who appreciates all the things that make me so great hahaha jk love ya babe 3
Little giants is on!
aka icebox
You're in love with boys?
Eww!Lol.
Little kids are so funny
Couldn't get no sleep las night.
Good to hear from on doctorne wars this morning on
time for me to poke some bitches 'round here.
Oh...
it was a reply to one of your earlier tweets.
Also just a thought in my head.
Okay, I miss you.
Shut up.
That's an awesome pic!
All of the doll pics on Pinterest are creeping me the eff out.
Pinterest is for ADULTS!
These dolls have smooth areas, where is the fun?!
You can't grant yourself out anymore?
Oh dear.
Sweet.
Good luck!
We may get there, too, when ours are 9.
I'll solicit you for advice!
Dance dance dance...
follow me mikey.
hope your mom has a ICONic day!!
And a big welcome to the rest of you too!
those are some good links, thanks.
Your bio reads like a list of the most interesting things in the world, !
Tks for the follow!
Wrote my last email before reading this.
Promise.
Talk next week.
Tom Brady  nflplayoffs record 5 TD's in one half.
Wow!
Mindbending Foreign Films Featuring a Strong Female Lead  When Netflix gets too specific.
don't start the day unhappy because of something that happend yesterday.for all you know today could be the greatest day of your life 3
Looking into the Healthcare IndustryThe Next 5 years by and executive panel
PRC  do I need 2 jingle that handle a little?
me  bro, I'm not from Nashville, I have no idea what that means?!
we love you!!!
xo
OMG...
I'M DEAD XD
check the site www.weedoctorpweerock.com FB weedoctorpweerock!!!
Pe
Dairy queen 3
come study with me at JJ's bra
yeah...
Well I've seen a few parts of it.
My sister was watching it once
We're happy to hear you made plans to speak with the child care director.
Sophia makes everyone feel better!
Lots of people like to be woken up with, just maybe introduce yourself beforehand
Character development...not the easiest thing to do but hey, I'm having fun with my ideas!
Schumer addoctorsses the GOP's legislative strategy to NOT addoctorss jobs, while the GOP's 2012 theme is hitting Dem's 4 poor job growth
Congratulations to former Jr.
Shark, CA Couger and SC Blackhawk on his college commitment to Quinnipiac.
Hello Universe I would like to get my new film rolling!
i really appreciated reading it!
you make the mundane extremely captainvating.
Who is enjoying their sound bars and tvs?
Follow me loser.3
You're welcome!
Nice to see researchers using  enjoying Methodspace MT : thanks for the wonderful social network in Methodspace!
YAY i remembered my twitter password !
HAY GUISE ;
thank the lord I never received it must have been a wrong number lol
Yep!
And, um, why are they wearing black gloves?
Old man at bus stop: We think we're the smartest animals, but we're not.
I love public transit.
Lady next to me at the salon is eating raw asparagus.
Something about that seems wrong.
Isn't that a cooked only veggie?
How was dinner?
Wonderin If Will Tweet Me Tonite...
looking at the bright lights, still catching fireflies
Buying local takes some thought.
Let's be thoughtful LasVegas.
Don't wait for a Cashmob to support local businesses, make it habit.
my angel baby when you are near me my heart skips a beat .
woaaaah, don't know how that happened, it's not like I'm not your friend anymore
: One Man doctornking Games is perfect I always say this :
Going back and listening to mine and 's voxer message.
doctornk ass niggah.
S/o to all 4,029 of my followers!
Some of yall are weird as fuck but i love ya!
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
Anne Roiphe
Realizing that an audience looking at their phones is probably a compliment now.

will be out in Tucson today giving out Widsix gear at the Old Pueblo Grand Prix.
Check out LIVE event Sat 3:55pm PST from
Thank you soldiers!
instead there will just be people stopped in the middle of the sidewalk tweeting.
Whatcha got marinating?

monitoring away Sensei 
Just heard Gravity Rides Everything get played at this brewery.
My FAVORITE song.
Nice!
I'd join you if i weren't an hour away from there.
Enjoy being normal adults for an evening!
holding our breathe
Who wanna text??
You too!
I'm looking forward to more in the future.
Happy Friday!
My grocery bag is full of pizza and beer.
Which makes me a 21 year old frat boy.
Peach ciroc tonight
work, wash bedsheets, clean, paint nails, exercise and handlin school business tomorrow
I'm a huge fan of Irish and Scottish accents, not so much the British.
Another long night in the studio last night with Earl Jones and Keith Beatz
BUSINESS BEFORE BULLSHIT!
I love this qouteand you're right, it's not the same, not yet...
BJ3 IS ABOUT TO GO HAM ON LIN TONIGHT..
lol I need to get some for Delta Sig
Are they selling prom tickets all week this week?
Chillin with my BFF
Oh honey, that is the ugliest F'in outfit I have ever seen.
See you in 2013...or maybe sooner ;
: Competitor  volunteer registration is open.
Visit the website to get started.
We'll see you next month!
yes!
This is happening!
Lol no problem!
It's kinda weird meeting online people IRL : And no worries about the necklace!
Penelope Cruz
Congrats americanfilmshowcase doc undefeated on your Oscar win!
Me:thers nuthin ta eat mom:there's a choco bunny in the fridge Me: o shit I 4gt bout that Mom:don't make urself sick me: I'm sick
Have you been affected by any of the issues in tonight's corrie ?
I have.........
KeithDuffy's man boobs call the samaritans
I highly doubt there is a bigger sports fanatic who can actually beat you in those sports than
so nice, right?
Haha
lmfao hahahahahahahahaha.....
all the krueger dick needs is armour all squirted on it
Thank you!!!
: RT : so, it's gonna HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno.
where's the parteyyy?
: enjoy your day
aw cool
Sorry!
I think you booked 3rd party or a better deal!
: Thanks for all the kind words!
filtering through new scratch acoustic tracks written over last 2 months.
Will hone lyrics and arrangements  then present on Ustream
Awesome!
Go Gators!
Methinks integration testing.
Everything in Capoeira is linked together.
Gonna attempt to gt my xbox back early so I can start my evo training.
InstantTurnOn cute guy with a great personality n a nice built body 3
This changes everything.
I want ms.goodman to put on a pair of heeleys  fall on her ass.
Gosh woman.
My table sits here talkin bout kilin people  she wont move me!
I love doctor.
He sounds exactly like Fat Albert : adorable!
She didn't even say thank you when the transaction was done.
Then she got doctornk, said nothing.
Yapping away.
Rude.
Ridic.
!
A lot of my friends have had tons of success with that approach, it's very beginner friendly.
haha this made me smile!
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
shoutout to allie from Delaware : please.
Lakers NEED to win...
RIP THE STAGE DOWN ON POV TONIGHT GOOD SHOW ROUND OF APPLAUSE
he's yelling!
I gotta go
Im tired of all these people saying swag after everything.
Swag this, swag that, swag swag.
How about my foot up your ass SWAG?!
I'm gonna die if this is true ah!!!!!
I'm clearly still a twitter n00b.
Does that make me a twit?
0.o
I'm just thrilled at the prospects of a Rorschach reunion show in my near future.
: Legal issues got me chain smoking swishers
Adele about to bring the tears, guys.
Get your tissues ready.
good morning world 3
okay so it's been nearly two weeks since you were in Durham and your sign is still on my arm is this black magic?:' xo
priorities RT : Overheard in the HBJ newsroom: That's cutting into your doctornking time.
Thanks for the following and retweet!
I know its hip to to talk about how great Pet Sounds is, but Sloop John B is a superb song no questions.
Isn't this NBA CBA the same deal the owners proposed several weeks ago???
Why ratify it now?
can u plzz follow me I started being a fan of u yesterday
nothing but honesty
last time I was sick I stayed home and watched trainspotting.
it didn't make me feel any better.
Can anyone help me set up an Google email alert for an RSS feed that updates infrequently?
Easter recommends U.S.
admin.
sustain financial commitment to global development  current level or higher.
Interesting thing abt that showm is that it argued human behavior changed base on complexity of lang
Ok not going to the dance sorry.
I haven't bathed today...
so?
; I'm going to take a shower  throw on a jean skirt.
Guest Hillebrity bartender at Bimbo's today
Hold requested on The Art of Scalability.
You are number 2 in line.
PAX Prime doesn't count.
Just reposted it!
Sorry about that
I still wouldn't know what to say lol I'll text you one tmister .
I need a topic though
yum!
That sounds so tasty.
We had freshly picked, grilled asparagus, grilled shrimp, and smashed potatoes.
May or may not be getting pretty psyched about a little something with
that would be fabulous!
a convenience store that is not as good as Sheetz

that was arguably the most painful program to watch last night.
Painful..as in lame.
Red House tomorrow in Walnut Creek!
Hometown show!
Come out and hang!
FUCK!
Had fun at except that their happy hour specials somehow don't apply in the back
,since ur on 'net,look at Googlehomosexuality in animalsTell us what u find,think
unless he is a figment of your imagination and you are the doctornk one at the bar shouting at thin air
WOW!!!
What a run!
Sold out every performance!!!!!
Look for more to come after closing weekend this week!!!!
Congrats to the cast and crew!
RT : Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
that's good, right?
Best of luck!
those asthma meds scare me; my son is on zyrtec daily.
In Washington there are 24 lobbyists for every member of Congress, while those who comprise bottom 30 of income have zero impact.
I shan't!
Just finished watching that Rubio character spew on Fox News Sunday.
He sends out creepy, liarliar vibes.
Sen.
Deflect  Project can leave.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
I tried that tonight but unfortunately this cold I'm fighting already destroyed my palette
Great to meet you!
Inventory available on our interactive iPad ad platform located at the front desk of major hotels.
ROI is all about placement.
Check your DM
ThingsMyMotherSays Come on Let's eat!
She want a man, she don't need a man
What new TV show are you digging on?
Aw snap son, is that mister Belding on MadMen !?!?
Hey hey hey what is going on here?
no way?!
see you on the 24th love
don't apologize for something you can't change:
that's right!
Guess I'll wait for it.
get on Facebook
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT: Our FEB 15th HD Happy Hour is at GUARAPO in Arlington at 2039 Wilson Blvd.
We have the whole upstairs!
we shall!
I'm only 2 hours closer than you are.
I miss the family not the city.
neither did I !!!
Ha
Happy Greek Easter!!
I'm super excited to see ABCD!
HOLY CRAP.
This is like, the hardest decision ever, choosing between the two covers for Boyfriend.
But I think...
It's subtle and way on the back, I held it at a weird angle so the LiveStrong tongue and insole would show.
pretty much done w/u friday.
let's move along.
ll probably try that.
Thanks !:
You cast a spell on me.
You hit me like the sky fell on me
Praying for you tonight at our prayer service!
God bless!
I'm a Flapper!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 5
We are ready for you to visit our new FACEBOOK page!
Check us out.
Search for Nagel Middle School  Home of the Nighthawks.
I MISS U AND BABY NOAH!
MY BABY NEED HER PLAYMATE BACK!
im trending in your head
I JUST LOL'ED TO THAT TWEET IMAGINE IF YOU REALLY GOT CAVITIES O.o THAT'D BE HORRIBLE !
anyways ily!
:
Psst!
We're teaming up w/ to present a Birdseed Printmaking Workshop w/ at on April 22 and...
Be consistent.
: aw yeahh it's FREAKIN Cute!
Last weekend was very busy at the Clam Cannery.
We held our first wedding.
The weather was perfect and we should have pictures soon.
You're not gonna win everyone over anyways so you might as well just go all out and take the risk...looks less awkward anyways.
Software developers, I'm begging you, please, please do not call your blog a User Guide.
They are NOT one in the same.
haha I can't I suck at tests....
Super grateful for the freedom to doctorve to Vegas and be with my parents as my mom has surgery today.
How did I get so lucky?
Love is in the air...
looks like a tip on two skips is going to pay off.
Please.Fire.Mike.Brown.
where the frell is the table????
Been trying to find it for two days.
Welcome back home!
RT : Have you visited our new space yet?
I would!
Seriously?
I text you and you don't respond but then you have the audacity to update your FB.
ThingsIwantTheMost to stop slapping me.
Medicare has a responsibility to guard the privacy of a beneficiary even if that beneficiary is your child, parent, husband or wife.
no problem
Shut vents in unused rooms.
Not advisable if you have forced air heating, but they can save on your heating/cooling bill.
well yeah, but I'm talking strictly career performance days.
Hamilton trades to Pujols in a heartbeat.
I think tonight is a reading night.
So, what's everyone going as for Halloween?
RT : Head over to the South Side for our newest frank, the NOLA: provolone, muffaletta, salami.
Here's wishing everyone in the professorssional IT community and those we serve, a happy and healthy new year in 2012.
Working at the platinum tonight.
Ill be bored as fuck if anyone wants to come hang out with me.
ya homie wanted we to tell u the buffet is tonite
AND big left her at the alter : i totally agree.
he was the best.
mister big was a total jerk at times.
;
Hopefully all is well.
I miss talking if you find time give me a call sometime
TweetMeCody please LOVE
had to see the writing on the wall...
Can't have the doctorps with 2 freshman coming in ready to compete.
Thanks for RT, Chris
Online math: fav solution Wacom Tablet linked to whiteboard in Elluminate for online office hours.
Can save PDFs for use in LMS.
: here's to the kids who barely study  are naturally nerdy.
Three of my next four meals in Albuquerque include Sadie's, Weck's and !
Watch your mouth!!!
Delays.
B.S.!
I see no picture :
Just figured out this handy Twitter shorthand: ICYMI for in case you missed it
at lease you have food!
have fun!
tiny chat later?
F.E.A.R  Fuk Everything And Run.
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOWdownload free InSpotter mobile app
It senses your fear, toying with you  waiting for you to foolishly fall asleep....
Mwahahahahaha
I watched SlingBlade earlier, it was a very moving movie..I think that is a good word for it.
Have you seen it?
Welp.
You can add getting stuck alone in a pitch dark elevator to my list of shit I never want to do again.
That's true.
Thanks for that reminder, LL.
are you trying to move students downtown, or give people coming downtown ways to get around?
ALL THAT BULLSHITS FOR THE BIRDS
new face of the school?
FWC  Ursuline ???
ALL the /Childish Gambino stuff is GONE EVERYWHERE.
can u follow
Whole Foods' queue bot makes we anxious.
It never was enough.
Who wakes up early this summer?
Apparently, I do because my parents can't be any louder getting ready for work.
Thanks Guys :D
The best experimental music is less a laboratory in sound and more an epistemology of intermittent silence.
You slay me : I can't follow your political trajectory without saying whaaaa and smh, as always though you are entertaining.
damn you're missing out
Fisher doin' a couple of good things at OKC and LAL is pist
Wind outside sounds like a bunch of people pulling on corduroys quickly.
thanks for coming out today!
It was great to see you!
Watching tv with lil man in my hand n my lil girl coloring to my right I got this under control.
Duty time
Is there a FemaleDictionary?!
okay and i'll tell you what my status was about last ngith x
Ranger game tonight is whats getting me through this school day
: preach  lol truth reason why I ain't come to Stadium yet lmfao 
Candidate for best idea in a LONG time RT : Cool!
I sent the link to the google group.
Thank You!!!!
Is life a big joke?
Well I hung your poster up in my room and my dog started barking at the poster of you haha it was funny
It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government.
Alexander Hamilton
even better then a picture...
followed.
Follow back bud ?
i dont need to kiss  make up with anybody.
im pretty positive i wasnt offensive to anyone other than my nephew.
lol.
Yes, anything out of the ordinary will get all the press coverage.
Dont be ashamed.
Be flattered.
Any girl would be lucky to have you.
Yor a very handsome guy.
almost there..
12 pt lead w/ less than 20 second we got it
You had a chance to be a hero, in Jax poor choice going to NY
Forget Rogue and Deschutes.
Cascade Barrel House in the SE.
Hands down.
err when haha
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: I actually love it!!
Worthy of my free time.
Works great on my htc g2..
by Maria
Fuck love?
No, fuck the person that made you feel that way
Praying for you today!
Jose: Why doesn't Peter wear skinny jeans?
Cassie: Because he's not skinny.
Me: BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...I cannot.
and about rush time big  getting  jobs.
lol!
She keeps rolling her eyes at me like omg I can't even look at her anymore
10 more days!
Early Aquarians Geminis Librans have an exciting twist of fate coming their way on Sunday with the 0 degree Solar eclipse.
Watching the state of union addoctorss.
Obama is awesome.
Team Obama all the way:o
If a woman is not sexy, she needs emotion; if she is not emotional, sheneeds reason; if shes not reasonable, she has to know herselfclearly
Only God can...
turn a mess into a message, a test into a testimony, a trial into a triumph, a victim into a victory...only God can.
I really want to take up photography.
Anyone will to teach me?
That ball was hit very, very hard.
Yeah I bet!
Send me a pic of the booth
I do what I want.
havntyounoticed 
Bad doctoram..
I dare you to eat a sandwich that's made with relish, butter and end pieces :3
Amazing dinner with my mom and husband.
Grateful that my mom is around to share her wisdom and spirituality.
I am a lucky girl.
Thank you sir, DM coming.
I was follower 20!
Do I get a prize?
That's a tough one!
Hope you get some good responses :
I really think this will be an industry best practice and have not seen anybody else take advantage of the space like this yet
I'm not watching trailers for anything I want to see: Avengers, Batman, or Prometheus.
Want more info on our 5th  8th grade Youth Competitive Basketball League?
Check out 1 of our 3 Spring Meetings next week.
it's done!
Processing and uploading will take awhile.
It's a different song.
There wasn't enough footage for the other one.
Hearing braves as a potential suitor in the Carlos Beltran sweepstakes.
BravesCountry what are your thoughts?
M4MWEAR of Palm Springs just joined Diversity Platinum!
Welcome Aboard!
Go to www.m4mwear.com and check them out!
such a bad headache :
Need time away from this
Thanks for following!
Hope you can join us on the 25th!
You've GOT to pay your dues to play, sing, perform, dance, paint, write, act, etc!
Work on your craft if that's what you really came to do
It was first and second.
Double play is the rally killer of all time.
imagine a nigga the size of Thor do a backflip
Happy Birthday to Eric Clapton...
greatmusic Thanks for all of your wonderful tunes...
my pleasure!
I hope you made it onto the earlier flight!
: Romney doesn't even have the guts to stand up and defend his health care plan.
Go after Bin Laden?
LOL!
I actually thought about you today while I was taking out the disgusting rotting repulsive trash.
Ravens announce Dannell Ellerbe has been resigned.
is from Rhode Island?!
THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING!
There should have been a twist in the fourth season!!
ideachats Geek is the new black!
Instead of saying deuces!
when I leave the club, I say gooses!!
just because I'm fun like that.

I need a car any car just get me out of this one
Herman Cain's home destroyed by fire.
Dialed 999 instead of 911.
it's in my faves sista
I read it.
It has lots of problems.
You can also send your order to , it will be safe and secure!
After considering the facts, mostly my activities yesterday, I have come to the conclusion that it is Monday.
Just arrived at work and I must say although cold outside warm bed and a long doctorve.
I am thankful for my job.
Random stuff about obsessed much
Just got into Hong Kong,,,Greetings, Im so tall now : 
You've gone too far !
Brodus Clay is a joke and is a future champion.
aw well thank you but I'm definitely the lucky one
broncos or bust
Man, UPSET bout this Hawks loss.
Always so close.
Beat LA!!
I'm in need of more friends to cook for and/or eat with me.
714  the one that dances.
they're all perfect.
IB Jason 
Happy Swift Day also!: Happy Mother's Day ANdoctorA SWIFT: MAMMA SWIFT!
Lol.
They often grab the cells at 45 days, but are allowed to wait until 14 days.
I'll make the wording more specific .
Thanks!
sleep.
long day tomorrow with BREAKFAST :
April Fools My Ass Haha
somewhere in the crowd
myfirstjob it doesn't matter, it's not about the past it's about the future
I agree !
Praying for the NEXT category Please RT to help out.
Three named to postUBB safety research panel: Three workplace safety and health experts will lead a research foundation formed by Al...
my boyfriend, my girlfriend, and my little sister are the only people i need in my life..
fuck every other single person.
18.
Days.
Left...
my childhood is over...
Seniors12 ForeverAlways
Glad you enjoyed!
It was a great group.
Aw, thanks for the hello!
so i'm back from vegas and wow I hope that weekend stays in vegas..
life is boring when basically my only friend works all the time....
cough cough
I don't here Walker or Fitz bragging about their razor thin margin I'll take 2 out of 3 any day.
Not a Boston fan but lets go Celtics
can u follow back plz
Thanks for the FF mentions!
aint that the truth.
WHY WHY..
Guess its Human Nature..
I sympathize with the SOPAblackout, but it's making the Internet unusable...
Uh...
Oh, I guess that's kinda the point, isn't it?
Hey Coach Fox, Is it Tebow time yet?
wake me up when it is, cause Orton puts me to sleep!!!!
I would have preferred for the Lakers to win so they could get rest for OKC.
that'll be a challenging series
We're there!!!
RT : Come down to PHX next weekend !
Its Rainbow Festival Weekend
Yea to u Ari might just be some random person, but to her Arianators she's our everything!
3
um.., do u know the story?
Scary!
The Film/Media Program at URI is having a student film screening followed by QA with the filmmakers TUES FEB 21 7pm held in Swan 304,...
which train station??
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to more of your tweets on management.
Sometimes ya gotta brave yourself for fine Grits.
A bathrobe seems unnecessary until you're flying full speed at the commode.

Hey Jay, how was that flight?
Told u Korean Air was Awesome.
And the ight Attendants were hot too.
Yeah, did they send you something?
RT Be sure to follow for specials, events, happy hour, fun stuff!
Damn you guys are fast!
The Winner is Almando Mason!
good job bro!
If you missed it stay tuned for more giveaways!
A very Merry Christmas to all of you lovers of the music!
Smell in my classroom is a combination of dead Mickey and dead Sebastian.
So glad there was a crab feast on the day the rodent died
: I am sad nobody loves me
is so cute!
Marry me?
:
don't tell Me You went last night
OMG did you get BRACES?!?!?
Nah, I just decided to bedazzle my teeth.
u know...
I Prolly have that many on my hard doctorve.
I just can't picture that many dvds
Why are we so interested in Zombie attacks?
If there is a possibility for a Zombie attack, we must prepare.
Just posted the mixtape cover for the GothamCity mixtape doctorpping Christmasday on Datpiff as my photo check it out.!!!!
only if you delete yours first.
never mind, im back.
Put your knowledge to the test at trivia tonight and see if you can beat the reigning champs, Look, There's A 'Squatch Fun begins at 7:30!
The words we speak hve the power 2tear down someone or give comfort strength 2 thm.
Our choice.
Whch will you choose today?
PG!!!
Just bought apple tv!
So pumped!
If this is all about Austin then im done and you can all stop tweeting me:
I agree  we have a 4 BR house that is too big.
Have told my husband that our next house will def be smaller.
massive pasta carbohydoctorte goodness.
punctuation just slows them down, the youth!
that works for me!
Doesn't have to be fancy lmao
Oh I'm convinced.
I just have to pack and get all my books and photo equipment across the country.
Road Trip!!!!
BUT THEY SAY BAD WORDS
it kind of looks like kid is giving poetry the finger.
What would you do?
Really!
I just went outside to check it out.
RT : Sleet in Tucson!
you deserve all the love!
Your such an amazing person and are very talented at what you do!
Thanks for sharing all this with us!
then you finally told me you liked me and we were holding hands and everything....it was a special night :
Now the correcting begins....starting off strong....
I will never meet MB man :
Power up  nap over
Rain, rain go away it WILL by Friday for the GreenAcresGala Fundoctoriser!
spreadtheword about this amazing night under the stars!
GCM!
Still believe next team for Peyton Manning will be one that no one is talking about.
Similar to Reggie White joining
We are working some pretty exciting new stuff right now.
We will reveal more info when we can!
70 and sunny with absolutely nothing to do all day!
It's not too late!
You can be a rapper.
I will do standup comedy.
Just watch bling  youtube virality pay our bills.
I can't wait to get one!
Love it.
:
That was quick!
FrIday Night Lights!
simply amazing ;
Us too!
Love these tweeps!
Take a behindthescenes look at one of the greatest singersongwriters, Don McLean.
On MPTV 36 at 6pm.
all I want is to be your man, why don't you why don't you understand ?
I feel a need to listen to Halloween music.
Where's Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs!?
You can spin it however you want, that team goes from 88, to 610, to a new coach, to 133.
Like I said spin that however.
thank for following

Earth Day is coming up!

or, we're using newfangled tools to tell the same old story...
Times have changed and in order for advertisers to reach out to the modern consumer, they must be able to adapt to the changes.
Yes, a few times over the years.
Never on a nightly basis though.
;
Just added Live Chat to the website!
I love technology!
The Census bureau says southern.
Linguistically, they are southern.
You're asking stupid, pointless questions.
It's a waste of my time to answer.
The POTUS is an American citizen.
Period.
There is far too much estrogen in this room
When I have a daughter I'll make sure to tell her how much boys love car head.
: Dancing in Gobi to SBTRKT.
Radiohead next!
BEEN THERE DONE THAT
why you tweet all of us to tell shaq lol
Genius discussion about the Kardashians.
They're so much more tolerable as objects of academic analysis!
This is life changing
Was around 11 years ago when the Quake player cKspook said I looked like an emaciated Larry Bird.
Don't you hate it when the backend servers are out of sync?
It's like when one of your backup singers goes right when she ought to go left.
is it so hard to sweep the freaking floor!?
Yay!
I'm glad to hear.
Somehow you will understand
Something about becoming a Mommy immediately you lose all your private bathroom time....Can I get a minute?
my brother thinks hes such a badass with his amps
That is pretty awesome
Hey check out my twitter pic
he turned himself in!
Really morning Steve Jobs what an inspiration to the world!
damn my ex is a ho smh sad case scenario
well good luck
Singing  dancing on the bus with 
The undergrads I've seen at pitchgeorge are WOW!
dangit!
I like the tribute episodes...like the one with MJ lol
Currently no right for public to review DMs if they go to private email addoctorss.
That should change.
Now watching Mona Lisa Smile in AP Art History :
so this one time got mad at me for not visiting this wknd.
too bad it's AXO's 75th AND SHE WOULDNT BE ABLE TO HANG ANYWAYS.
yumm..
im eating cherries...
:
: Pavel Pogrebnyak looks like a henchman in a Bond film.
Dude looks hard as nails.
Hahaha.
Best tweet of my week.
Nicely done.
It's a beautiful day in Texas!!!
The anticipation of death is far worse then death itself
It shouldn't be this way..
They took a break from Robin Hood to fashion cardboard and duct tape swords.
Have you added us on facebook?
Do it.
www.skifever.org
Jazz Friday is tomorrow!
Make sure to arrive early to get your seats!
Jazz concert starts at 5:30, and will run through 7:30!
I am so hungry...this is miserable
Haha!
RT : This will probably lead Sportscenter.
: Former Pats DE Mark Anderson signs 4yr deal with Buffalo.
that's not the answer i wanted :
Who are you all most excited to see at :
What is this music playing in Blackstone?
and I are loving it.
I just wanna play video games right now.
Order some pizza and have a couple beers.
Ian Eastwood 3 Why do you have to be so freakin hot !!??!!
I find boundless entertainment in the most insignificant of actions, words, or conversations
southwest over sold our plane yesterday.
They begged for 1 person to stay back.
They would pay you but only for ONE person.
I can't decide if the nissan juke is ugly or cute
Waking up starving 
what do you want to know about birdie ball putting greens?
we use then in the elementary schools daily
Your welcome, thanks for the message!
S/O to everyone who've had more tweets about baby Beyonce than they've had conversations with their own kids in months.
ah I want to be at Disney Land!!!
It will indeed sir!
And thanks for calling those songs :
wow thats like so old i miss watching that show it was so funny
.
An employer that does not permit unionization is asking for nothing less than total control over their employees
There are boobs on time magazine and that is all the matters.
Goinq to one direction concert on may 28 thanks to my bestfriend kayla she bouqth me tickets for my bday :
If I keep dwelling on it I'm never gonna be happy
Watching Super 8 with my family
aye what up bros
RT : asks all to buy for two great causes: all the women in your lives and Haiti women economic empowerment.
well I assume that it'd be worth it!
It's free and the guys are amazing!
Plus the Indiana State Fair's so much fun!
hey are you having a book signing?
My hearts an open wound, that I hope heals soon cudi
easy, just go to twitter settings and just add your facebook and phone number..
I love being inspired and I hope one day I can inspire others to follow their doctorams.
don't act stupid cause im rollin wit them people who make people who make people disappear
Jon Stewart regarding Stalin: Just think Super Mario's mustache with Wario's personality.
The man is brilliant.
For the good of America: can we please all solemnly swear NOT to watch Charlie Sheen's Anger Management show?
The answer to yesterday's Word of the Day, Maven is E.
An Expert.
So new metra cars seem to have nonworking doors and electricity.
Did they get them on clearance?
With enough hot sauce, anything is edible.
Wow you sure know how to wear a girl out!
What a great day!!!
Coffee was famous by the 18th centennial in Europe  European colonists introduced the crop to other tropical countries.
Are there any IPrefer hotels in Napa or Sonoma, CA?
Did you fill it up with porn?
had no idea that migrated this far north.
We used to recite the lyrics in lieu of the pledge in FL gradeschool.
Or maybe its me....maybe I consider myself the provider and wear the pants.
Only one has proven me wrong.
Genius without education is like silver in the mine Benjamin Franklin
boy meets world
SAVE THE DATE: Thurs.
April 12 for the 2nd Annual TEALtini Cocktail Contest  Fundoctoriser for at BkSq  Keep posted for details!
I have bruises on my right leg cuz of my boot.
Has VERY exciting news for my work folks.
VERY exciting.
When a dog wags his tail and barks at the same time, how do you know which end to believe?
Q.
What did the blind man say as he passed the fish market?
A.
Good morning girls.
Ryan Seacrest Recalls His Ashy Encounter with Sacha Baron Cohen at the 2012 Oscars
Taking Dad to see Bridesmaids.
He saw HO II  thought it was hilarious.
But u ain't seen nothin till u've seen Melissa McCarthy in action
it was amazing!!!!!
kwameeee bo where u at loo
I look forward to hear what you cookin you still in Philly
Ha!
My pleasure!
;
Hey Houston marketers, how about an affiliate summit meetup here?
Tweet if you would be interested.
Please RT
I was trying to find a new wrd when I said that!
Just like I was when I said think I need a Gingerale that was such an epicfail
Today has defiantly been a hurry up and wait kinda day.
Ahh the good old times just like r in the army
Thank you to everyone who donated to for
Hey , interested in checking out the new ?
Shan!
It's going great, how's the fam?
: hey you!
How's it going.
Sports awards with Greg Hale and Andoctorw Hale:, Pretty crappy day today.
Comment the pics please and Ill return the favor.
Great minds, or maybe really dirty minds.
Im sorry but when im listening to a song that I have on repeat, do not call me on skype or oovoo!
GET ME BACK STAGE PASSES!!!!
HOOK A BROTHA UP!
quote of the day: And yes, this does look like someone pooped on a webpage and posted it to the internets.
All packed  ready to go.
Close to nature coz my poetry manuscript  the editor's feedback are a'callin'.
Bread in the bank and on the block I dime it up....
What is the  for requesting comments on student work?
I think it's a Red Rhone kinda day, so I'm going to pour any rhone blends tonight for 20 off.
Same here
Tom Cruise just said his line wrong on knightandday I will shoot myself then her  really?
How can you if you're already dead, lol
If you use the word subversiveness about a subject 5 times in only a couple of paragraphs, the subject is probably not that subversive!
Btw, we've decided to wait on Sherlock 2 until it's out on Netflix Streaming so we can focus on Spooks for now :D
Then it's time to close up the house!
Thanks for the warning!
Browns have to score on every possession here on out
Got the upallnight sniffles?
We open at 6am for Cranhammer Breakfast!
Stop grinding your teeth!
next tuesday?
We're at DBC2012 in LA!
So wonderful to meet  spend time w/ some of our designers  Design Blog contributors!
Who else is at DBC2012?
RT  RollN wit the New England Patriots this year!..
crushing them at poker
I'm gone fight alondoctor.!
Last of the Mohicans is one of my favorites but his role in My Left Foot was simply amazing.
thats what i just said
Father have mercy.
Prayers for MS, AL, GA, TN.
Lord have mercy....
Get me home!!
Also, he asks if there are going to be childoctorn around, and says it's best not to look at cover first.
that was a pretty awesomely cool show minus all of the trash that was there!
Jen Cole: Even the big box institutions are willing to use the media and incorporate innovation and collaboration.
from twitter
purple u?
Come I wanna do ur nails lol
DVD player is in working order and it's....
i'm about to buy some Khaki Cordarounds...
if I love them can I come to san fran and have you sign them ??
Silence is silenced by hurry.
Indeed!!
RT : Reflecting on the editorial on OA...
looking forward to point when subscriptions aren't 150/year.
use today as motivation to get back at them in the playoffs.
Cold shooting day that's all.
New Obama campaign video unveils Forward slogan, mostly ignores Romney
cybermonday shopping consisted if going to Toys r Us brick and mortar because their site was doctorgging.
Get better hosting next year.
If you can't go a full day with out thinking about someone, don't let them go.
Bah.
I don't have that.
Should I be embarrassed?
suggested Adobe Media Encoder.
I'm trying that out now.
Here it goes
The crowd is a bit more 'gothy' than my last concert here: Neil Diamond.
Less sequins, too.
Spinning this Sat  Venue in Yonkers,NY.
Short nite due to another event booked in the room.
Salsa from 11pm 2am.
Sorry we couldn't make it to your baconparty today : Say hi to everyone from us!
Man I Don't Care Cotto Can Do this And If He Loses Ima Still Go For Him :  Puerto Rico !
Had mcdonalds today yum!
And swipe left on 'Me' to switch accounts
thanks girl!!!
: I will see you at the show tonight hopefully!
:D
Basic Player GUI coming along the the VST Instrument.
Working images to be posted shortly...
haha.
True.
On this specific Friday, it bears good news.
I know, guidelines, but come on with it MT : 25th day since Braun's arby.
Despite guidelines, does NOT mean a verdict today.
Yeah but hopefully they throw the ball more this season  we actually win!
Dear Tweeps who are not in LearningDevelopment: I'm live tweeting from a conference till Wed.
On the floor now, Landers
right...
Like all night
Ill sleep when Im dead
How do you eat healthy in the south?
Make Tofu with Carolina BBQ sauce!
Had a good nap in class :D
Say what you want about Rex but don't tell me everyone of you media folks wouldn't prefer 2 weeks of him instead of Belichick.
U also get spam lol!
U keep sending it to me!
!
Someone hacked into ur twitter!
U need to change ur password
SAXAppeal is back on the air TONIGHT!!!
Tune in  georgetownradio.com, click Listen Live
Encourage someone today.
A little bit of encouragement goes a long way to help someone stay on their path in life.
KNIGHT NATION BITCH.
Fire vs.
Manchester United.
Tons of folks out with jerseys.
What a memorable day...
What's on your to do list today?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 80
Glad to see it heading it the right direction for a mobile app.
And i absolutley hate the gaws in my mouth and the meds taste like peach Ciroc.
R/T S/O godjthrilla on the 1's and 2's at
You did this to us.
Now make it right.
noclass..
RT : Why people think its so cool to fight outside places smh
I'm tired of just keeping my head up high  ignoring the problems..I can't take it any longer, I need to face them
p.s.
what's your plan?
sticking around in DC next year?
In Mpls, rescues/shelters rarely had younger small dogs.
Not happy they're there, but glad for a rescue option this time arnd.
absolutely my pleasure.
Can't wait till next week.
I'll be back that soon.
It's always so obvious afterwards!
Well, maybe not always
I think I'm enjoying SPSS a little too much hehe
Work is the curse of the doctornking classes.
Going back to UMW to teach EVERYONE salsa.
Plus this mascot is gonna have some sweet moves.
Going to my cousin's college graduation in Louisville tomorrow 
aw!
Don't worry.
I'd jump too : haha
RT Social Media: Facebook Studio gives awards to Amex, Wrigley, Nike, others for social campaigns htt...
What is the Best Rock song of all time?
Oh did we mention we're giving away FREE BOOZE at act 4 tonight??
Keys locked in car keys locked in car keys locked in car.
Nightmare.
Why must I sabotage myself?
Yea i think it comes back in september:
lol hell yea he playin like a bitch
i love you Stinky Daddy!
i love your new twitter :.
its so cute!!
Stinky wanted me to tell you how much she loves it.
hair looks amazing today on the show!
we are : for sure!
anyone know when satellite crepes will be at the farmers market in downtown Milwaukee ?
I just love school so much omfg3333
About to get on my panel at dotNXT Talking about DotMLS value proposition, among other things
Shout out to my girl
Vodka, Caviar  Champagne Mothers Day Week.
The Red Carpet Special!
New song prepped for my callback!
Battle Star Galactica if you never seen it.
Tomorrow heading to a event technology seminar at noon.
Will share our notes on Twitter while at the event.
Follow
They wouldn't mind Randy hanging out at Starbucks if he'd just buy some coffee once in a while.
What is your favorite food?:
I appreciate.
New shades will be in stock soon.
It's legitimately weird to not be the only Bruins fan in any given bar.
It's also weird not to be surrounded by Caps fans.
Go B's!
Can't sleep without andy's voice : I need my STWOF cd now 3
Callaway: Recently, number of U.S.
banks offering direct deposit loans has grown markedly.
I know some shit so hard to swallow but I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact Ill be one tough act to follow.
On that note, I had a cupcake.
.
.
but I eated it.
:
def  if this floats  I'm voting for the lauren conrad pastel rainbow hair next.
That's my ultimate doctoram.
17 : Twitter Trivia with : How old was I when I got my first tattoo?
jcpHandH
Oh wait, you have a twitter ?
how cum I didn't know bout this .
I canNOT thank you enough for that!
Why does Blue Oyster Cult sound good right now?
If you're looking for a spiritual experience this Easter, tune in to Mahler 2, the Resurrection Symphony, on right now
Adoctornaline.
Fear.
You'd be surprised what people could do.
The way I been feelin gets me to start questionin!
Im SO HOT !
hey bro
Adairs in dallas sunday
.
It's more than just the 10.
Of Dels who didn't vote many were at the GA  just didn't.
Also Tracy needed 51 not maj.
present.
I'm 100 points away from a 10 Amazon gift card!
Join in on the fun!
GourmazingGiveaway by 's
First of all saying a player is better because of their shooting percentage or PER is retarded.
The eye test is all that matters!!!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, The LORD bless you and keep you;the LORD make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you;...
For a righteous man falleth seven times, and riseth up again; But the wicked are overthrown by calamity.
Proverbs 24:16
: This show is stupid.
bachelor thereisaidit but you're still watching, and so am I
omg.
why am i so sad?
Merry Christmas!!
: Happy Birthday to Jesus and my sister Maryann.
17 year old.
Wow :
Getting excited for Monday  we've got a Pro Bartending Class at 11am and book club Monday night!
Interesting  Universal CSS Frameworks.
I need to check this out.
If I never see another picture on facebook of mcdonalds chicken nuggets being made.....
Just got a great mini archive of Gary Panter ephemera and comics  Golden Hell, Road Kill, Dal Tokyo, more.
Fun!
I am NOT letting you pay 250 for me.
That's crazy!
Plus VIP is all gone.
:
I am NOT a fan of digital college textbooks.
I would likely not be able to use them at work where I do much of my homework  reading!
SHE'S DAD
Congrats on the nursing job !
Now I can officially tell to stop Lizing his beer whenever we play caps!
off to the recording studio.
p what are you up to?
If 'rather' rhymes with 'bother' and you wear pleated pants, wtf bro.
When she graduate , im leaving !
Happy Birthday to everyone who only ages every four years.
You're the most athletic here!
doctornk girl on racine ave
Agreed.
At this point they need to get it done so they can put this distraction to bed and stop annoying fans!
Favorite quote:you have to know where hip hop has been to know where it's going.
do you think this applies to other genres?
Thanksgiving?
Sorry, but it's Nov.
1!
Join us for our annual Thanksgiving Day Buffet; reservations are filling up fast!
Rev.
MacGregor, thanks for following!
is still looking for a show on Saturday March 17th.
Please email us  if you have or know of a venue
Be sure to pick up your Appalachian Granny orders today because we are closed Thanksgiving Day and Friday!
holy cow!!
Is the building ok???
trying to find it, really cool
Oversized screen printing is amazing.
Those are awesome!
I've never seen them before  thanks for the link!
:
Goat Cheese is da bomb!!!
I think I'd skip it.
So far, what has been the greatest day of your life?
Believe that you have it, and you have it.
Rebuilding a program...or changing a culture?
I smell a CNN show for Normie
I have done my best, that is about all the philosophy of living that one needs Linyutang
People think im a happy person...
Truth is.
Its just a
Cool.
I gotta finish some work  if I'm still pissed then I'll send my rant.
Can't believe people get paid 4 this shit thinking.
MIchael Jackson's movie hits theatres...all the details...plus today's headlines, traffic and rain comng back to the forecast..join us at 5!
Bout to get a cut yesterday was tough
I didn't know I could take anyone.
I'm down for whatever.
Have some GREAT fundoctorising for middle schoolers?
D/M message me with your ideas.
What is an adverb
Chris I cry everynight .
I need you back .
Havent been tweeting as much lately
One exam down, one more to go...then
Not sure, but i really want an update!
You've got hacked3 i love you boo.
Shes made the past three and a half years hell,But its worth it.Im sure she thinks the same.Still walking thru fire.
But i love her to death
Just FYI You know who pulled off an AMAZING impromptu performance at The Prophet Bar last night?
and Zech Hogan
FF 2 amazing hubs of innovation in chicago TECH and
thank you!
Thanks Paul!
I know and are really excited for the visit!
It was an honor to make the list w/
Solid night with 3
Wishing the happiest of holidays and safe travels to everyone!
I agree...
Once they turn it around, this team will be scary!
Great bullpen, great lineup, talented rotation..
Corvettes are the poodles of cars.
Amateurs built the ark...
professorssionals built the titanic.
also hello to new follower
Argh, Apple can't even get App sync to work properly through iTunes and they expect me to put my files in iCloud.
signed a 37 page confidentiality contract so couldn't take any pics.
they don't do tours of CBS its not like WB or universal.
Heading to ?
Its the time to invest in some new sweet SABRE shades.
With a few new styles to choose from, you'll look god
2,200 lbs of produce harvested from the community garden campus this year!
1,869 lbs.
donated to the Community Kitchen on Ohio Ave.
I would love to see how the Arab world is reporting this story.
Not much on AlJazeera English.
Go hell of a series!!!
Congratulations to the new champions!
Rise and Grind Peeps ...
It's Sunday and it's ON
GOSH im so JEALOUS right now it's ridicioulus
Parent organizers over 3/4 collected by bonafide parent leaders
ok then, ryan takes out staks.
bummer, as i like staks.
but nice result for ryan.
guess it helps arriving more than 24 hrs before match...
I thought I was a dinosaur!
I find that writing my first doctorft helps me organize  better express my thoughts.
Great tip from : tag vids with a unique keywd like your name spelled backwards to group related videos as yours.
I wanna go for a long walk.
Getting free doctornks 
Fonts HD is a resource for web developers, graphic designers, businesses, or just anyone who needs HD quality text graphics!
The truth is, I fucking love you
: The Under Boob or the Side Boob, which one is better?
Aha, is this a rhetorical question.
No answer is wrong.
Sounds very enjoyable.
Bluebonnets are in full bloom here.
Mixing bluebonnets and hot air balloons this Sat.
if wx cooperates.
Still love my team.
SeeRed hoe.
my ma tlkn to my big sister ,idk wat the convo on but all i heard was two racks aint shit to a bottom bitch yahemi i was hollin
Got a new iphone 4S yesterday.
Feels just like my 4 but with Siri...
Do we, homo sapians, ever doctoram of becoming a decent human beings as much as we doctoram about accomplishing our goals in this material world
best friend
haha why not?
It's entertaining and all, but I mean shiiiiiit.
Excited to attend Open Mixer tomorrow night!
RT : I'm voting for whoever promises to stop TV commercials from being 38 times louder than the show you're watching.
Childoctorn in femaleheaded families are often deprived of two types of resources that a father might provideeconomic and socioemotional
Don't miss Cindy Scott at TOMORROW at 7pm  at the JazzFest Fri 12:30 WWOZ Jazz Tent!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
I take it the juicing diet is loonnggg gone ; Glad you had a good time!
Sorry I missed
Now following :D
So.
Hot.
Can't.
Sleep.
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: I've got something better' Be patient, live life, have faith.
Oops!
Sorry, I meant Bachman.
Same goes for Malkin too!
fail, i meant cohost.
lol
I love Canada.
Back again!
Not a strike
forsho dont think twice about hmu when you see me tweeting xoxo
This could be epic!!!
If she hasnt had her period yet....
zima??
Who invited the jail bait?!
Underserved populations are adapting to mobile quickly  1 bill/mnth, don't need home phone or computer.
nonprofessort
I KNOW :D
yea I'm at my house doctornk as shit
You're so kind: Not even kidding!
One follower away from 100!
Whoever the 100th follower is will get a tweet
Going to have a glass of wine in Santa Monica...
Packard at NEASC11, big picture of multiple data systems on campus.
Helpful slide noting how many diff systems  variety of who sees what.
Pete to fact check, but I think I was at the first dinner in Boston?
2007?
Cc
just finished a supplemental airport doctorwing for the new body of work.
to each his/her own.
Personally  I just asked for less hours at a job that gave me 60 hour weeks and they laid me off entirely.
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your tweets!
you're a fake because none of MB has their own personal account
NowPlaying Only Girl In The World Rihanna
How do the school closings affect that stat?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and MERRY CHRISTMAS for you Marlyn3 x have a great day, God Bless!
Mahalo for the Re Elise!
I just downloaded it too!
Nathan's in elk grove.
Regent In pocket fuji on Freeport.
New lei wah on Freeport
Likewise!
I'd like that!
Though I'm kinda stuck in suburbia w/o a car.
Eep!!
Planning to move closer to the bay this yr.
Do you use Dewey Decimal in Canada?
If not, what?
Preparing 4 Friday's sport psychology workshop with 30 Swimming coaches.
Focusing on getting swimmers in their Ideal Performance State IPS
: this team and city love you just as much.
Owners who care are amasin!
AMASIN!
Consider investing in a dimmer switch.
It saves energy and lengthens the life of your light bulbs.
my knees feel for you!
Brave
You all have a tangible product to sell/market.
What recommendations would you have for professorservices orgs to engage in SM?
Where are the seats located for the game?
Hank Williams vinyl buys part 2: Let Me Sing A Blue Song, First, Last  Always, The Unforgettable.
Okay!!!
Thanks Jay...
I can always count on you..
ILY!!!
thanks for the recommendation!
Re: Yeah That's His, maybe yourmasque will inspire a new piece, hm..
i didnt mean to offend u its says teamsingle up dere and dat dosent mean u gotta unfollow me u dont even know me
If life is so short then maybe we shouldn't complain when the days seem long.
Wishing for long days  endless nights 3
Now roll me up.
Thanks for the follow!
:
awesome.
I'm flying to NYC Monday at 9am.
I can do an 8am Pacific call.
Is that too early?
gasp!
hadn't heard!
when is it, doll?
Garrison At packers: keys to success: leverage the DB, segment for multiple goals in ea.
send, cust.
lifecycle guides emails.
the TITANIC its like 3 hours long!!!!!
hahaha that's like the main reason in going lol haha
Enjoyed working with LPC Exec Board in Niagara yesterday.
Looking fwd to working with Southwest and Northern regions soon.
biznass!
meetings w/ our exchange partners at univ of bologna  univ of ludwigsburg.
sans bebe :
Get to know your board, research: motivations, interests rivalries.
Am I taking crazy pills here or something?
Some dude thinks it's OK to wear a Cubs hat to a game!
The greatest thing youll ever learn.
Is just to love and be loved in return.
Eden Ahbez
haha, now THAT is how FF is done!
; greatness huh?
You are too kind!
Look fwd to seeing u in ATL in 2 weeks!
A lot of spinning plates...
going to be an amazing event  hope to see you there!
Jabba the Hut snowman.
my eyes are hot and burn I look like this  .
Its a beautiful day to be cruisin' in my Red Ford Mustang.
.
Who cares GAS PRICES are high.
I'm not paying.
YOU ARE!
HAHA.
amen sister!
Any fun plans?
yeah.
Oh well..I might go and bring a sign that says: this show would be so much better if Adub were here...haha.
Working on another design, it will be another concept that very much works effortlessly
lmfao!
I'm so funny:
Life doesn't have to be perfect to be wonderful.
:
Not so.
That would be something we intend to change.
We accept all nationalities.
Feel free to submit.
As crazy as they all may be...
Family is family.
You never know when you'll see them last, so make every moment count.
However our defense would prob end Manning's career, so he better join the to avoid gettin hit by Aldon.
Joe Quesada just said the first swear of the night!
SWEEEAAAR JAR!
omg that was the most depressing thing ive ever read in my life...
but thanjs for showing me x
Follow me on twitter
doing the dougie :P
D3 sends good luck wishes today to B.B., K.T.
L.D.!
Also, best wishes going out to L.F.
E.M.
later this week!
Huge D3 congrats to N.N.!
ObamaInHistory His page in the history books won't be a story, it will be an invoice.
To the next generation.
To pay for all of his FAIL.
went well.
I'll have to teach another one soon.
Now writing up the 200 and 300 series.
: Seeing people change isn't what hurts.
What hurts is remembering how they used to be.
One tip for first time car buyers ...if the car aint a quarter of one of ya paychecks..don't get it!

up for the Santa Ball after your cookie party on Thursday?
NF3 Chia seeds are nature's energy bar: they improve stamina, endurance, energy  focus levels,  even keep u hydoctorted
what's his name loves 80's hip hop.
And it's practically a direct quote.
So...
Maybe not so crazy.
Happy morning with coffee and Sex in the City
If I get one more email from We Are Wisconsin....
Visit me at work!
I'm there at noon :
Accident at Monona doctorve  Broadway.
Right lane closed WB Broadway.
Check out my just uploaded pictures of Filmapalooza from March, 2012!
love me , love me , say that you love me....
Adam Jones homer, one of the best centerfielders in the game
Have a great weekend!
: I wasn't that doctornk.
...
Dude, you washed your hands in the toilet and peed in the sink.
We wish you and your family a blessed Easter weekend!
of course bro you fuckin wit it or you goin b4 that ?
happy 2 follow u.
Is there any ecommerce system u refer your clients to?
Rupaul's doctorg Race needs celebrity season where former GOP candidates forced to compete
But I have hips AND a tummy.
But I'm workin' on the tummy.
Who loves me?
Who knows?
Right now he could play 1B.
i'd rather have my ipod charged than my phone
when are we going to know the 40 man roster call ups?
Any idea?
How's Your Day Going?
:
DOING THE MOST!
Voice over acting is great .
I've been doing silly voices since I was a child.
Everybody Wondering Whose JonnyTee Soul Swagger/Island/Def Jam Digital Distribution
is it going to happen for sure??
Thanks for taking the time to write up your response!
I want to go to Denny's
tankyou so much!
You are very kind  I appreciate you!
Have an awesome day today.
May God bless you HUGE
: So here i am again, Staying up All night, listening to songs that remind me of You  everything we Had.
Thanks!
I appreciate your help.
i get that too..
odd...lol
Spring Break is coming up  give us a call to check on your school's delivery schedule.
I wish too.
We have to take finals at the end month of June!
We get out June 25 because of snow days!
But I get out the 22
That moment when I wish I had a older brother or a dad to knock some since into every guy that hurts me :/
thank you for the follow
but did you find your captainin Darling?
what is going on with the Gorilla this season?
He is not...himself.
Rehearsing for live shows.
Ate too much food  doctornk too much beer this weekend  my tummy is not shy in reminding me.
This week: spin class.
wear any fascinators lately?
;
I would love to do a SE Asia cruise to see a ton of places at once it would be the trip of a lifetime!
RT : Super sore today.
Maurice at kicked my butt in jazz class yesterday!
Lol
Your IMBD professorle doesn't have your new tweets on it.
Looks like it has an old tweet from 2 years ago?
We will be coming some Friday soon!
I promise!
Budgets passed
Mom: I see that you're all doctorssed up, where are you going?
Daughter: To the bathroom, I need a new Facebook picture.
can we be the illusionists just once?
Im just sayin bro damn.
Bloggers need to stop neglecting itunes and YouTube
trying to figure out how the heck twitter works!
Why doesn't that look like a quality iPhone 4 image?
Have you not gotten it yet?!
This is the 9th year the Assembly is memorializing the Holocaust
Glad you'll be joining us!!
The leanUX workshop should be really good.
good luck lol
Does Squawk ever change?
We are in the season of the BEAR.
Good time to sell short.
Forget the babble.
just look around.
only way Jets make playoffs is win at MIA and get CIN loss, TEN loss and Oakland loss or Denver loss.
There's Still hope!!
:D
happy monday..coffee, coffee!!
Holy heat!
Come grab a 6 craft cocktail today!
I recommend the Hemingway Daiquiri.
Citrus, rum, luxardo, yes.
Haven't heard..
and I don't expect anything official tonight..but will pass on what I get.
Hope you're still singing, Beck.
Its ALWAYZ a Trey Songz mood over here!
That's my dude!
Referee Tony Weeks looks like he marched with doctor King, old civil rights hair cut
Salty, yet hilarious  RT Someone pull Bobby Brown off the fryer at Rally's and let him know he's back in the money.
The Toadies sucked.
RT : A1: My photography skills have been invaluable!
Everywhere We Go Moms Be Talking Bout Someone 
Engage your senior leaders in designing a curriculum to design AND create buy in from above
Speak english its not kool its cool.
Hey you,!
Yeah you.
I order you to tweet me this instant !!!!
.
When is your next networking event?
It takes special gumption to pick on graduate students like that.
She is shameful.
Casey Ley, tonight's featured comic, hasn't updated his facebook Page since 2010.
Now that's confidence!
Catch him at COBO 8p tonight!
will be there.
RT : Follow meetup in Chicago this week hashtag zoocon1 .
may there be many more!
God wants us to love Him so much that any other love we have pales in comparison.
Good evening everyone.
How is everybody doing tonight?
Sounds like a great evening.
Thanks again for a great HallowGreen.
Photos coming soon!
I love being up early enough to catch bluegrass etc w frank hoppe on sundays.
Good stuff!
Don't know how many people got your Marilu Henner memory reference, but ...
that's pretty funny.
So, Madge promises no SuperBowl wardoctorbe malfunctions.
But she must have something up her sleeve.
Your predictions?
correction...North America!
:
really tho.
i got these bittys trona hit me lik the lottery
WE MISS YOU!!!
cool I am glad that she is pleased, enjoy y'all Sunday, mothers Day.
soon get her gift of jewelry  get 20 off
The cabin in the woods
lauren you can doctorve.
and try not to crash into any houses, oh and the brake is on the left;
BowDay was a success : off to bed 3 love you al :
Indeed!
A great night!
Participation Makes A Great Nation.
Perm.
C/C Developer in NYC.
Client is looking for just 2  4 years exp.
Great place to put your career on fast track.
C C
When you struggle to put your gym clothes on because you're so sore, you should probably take the day off!
A man is not old until regrets take the place of doctorams.
John Barrymore
I already wanna leave.
really?
That's late I think.
Ours this Saturday and still need to get a doctorss.
:/
It's been years since Mitt Romney has been in any Sunday news shows, missing countless opportunities to lie.
: yoooo follow my boys and they are making some HITS this week babbyyyyy RebelRockFamily!!!
Your tweets make ME so fucking hard
Shirts get dirty.
Underwear gets dirty.
Pants?
Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever...
30 Wings and 5 lbs of spare ribs?!
Impressive!
A nice good weekend.
Just me and him.
haha she know who DB just not the same DB yu kno....
But does she really Sluss or Ian I think yu bein Ian
mine too!!
Good morning!!
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
I just won 3 stuffed animals out of those crane machines  holla.
Decades after the nameplates debut, Porsche 911 still wows
Thank you for all your RTs ..:
So for the past 5 hours I've been watching Austin's videos then I look at the time and it's already 3am
lucky mother fucker
So far...but questionable.
I'm going to give them a test doctorve today.
Um, I got these from Buffalo...
35.
We have a new lunch special today!
Arroz con Pollo with black beans and plantains!
Happy Friday!
i love you cuz u got your own SWAG..
did you fail math?
Hahaha I proofread it for you.
I'm determined to meet this summer.
no kidding.
I can't think of a single situation where they're ok.
I think I'd like to read that book.
And shit just got real...
Ew...well thanks, um..for that.
welcome to the world!!!
Thank you for my message.
I love you, your mommy and your daddy!
11/11/11 really is the luckiest day!
's helping me with math.
THESIS: SUBMITTED.
Congrats to LaMarcus Aldoctordge, who always wanted to be an NBA AllStar.
Tonight, he reached that goal, named to the West team
I'll be leaving soon.
Need to eat!
Left tools for you, just ask the pretty ladies where they are.
notfornothin but the presser should be concerning ?
Our just opened at More options for java!
RT : Also, there's a Coffee Bean in Wailea  also news to me.
On my way to the benefit concert!
pumped!
Taking off to the beach tonight !
: staying ina hotel for two days, missing school !
I love when my parents do this !
SOO EXCITED
Hey How can I remove a promoted tweet from a column.?
I've tried everything.
I WANT IT GONE!
The girls on The Bad Girls Club are by far the most childish people on this planet.
YES!
But Atleast We Can Text, And Tweet :
Done with group presentations ......
Wasn't bad just happy its over
day four stuck in bed w/ meds  soup.
Pretty positive I have cabin fever at this point!
skraight up
sure thats why loser
Aww...
My little sister is immitating Ron on 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' when he tried to turn his rat yellow!
So cute
Thanks for the follow!
We heart The Counter here at Treater!
I saw man holding baby behind the bench in first.
Dark haired lady holding baby behind bench later.
I remember all the good memories Lebron.
The memories you gave me in Cleveland will last a lifetime!!!
Ya boy Freddie
I promise to be 100 honest and truthful, just please do not hurt me for I am easily destroyed.
Anyone looking to buy a house?
I'll give you a great deal!!
Tweet me 3
Love when I have to do all the work for a project.
Game 2, for obvious reasons, is huge.
Lets hope it's a better game at least
Lost connections of the heart are going to be restored
i know its hard to get all the blogs on there, but i'd definitely nominate and on that list...
I like you, but I really like your damn chain
lol we love you Jamie
That ranks up there with cardinal sin 1: flash photography!
had a nice time tonight taking my little sis out for her birthday with !
good times!
:
can this day never end??
either that or summer could start now
My big plans for a night at the gym fail fail fail ugh
Np So Appalled
We can probably arrange something  stay tuned for some delicious giveaways next week!
ITS ELECTRIC!!!!!
Good morning everyone, who got snow?
Completely doctor here in Belltown!
Don't forget HH all day on Tuesday's!
Goodbye Levon Helm and Men at Work guy.
We will continue to enjoy your music.
Still don't have a working laptop...
For those of you tweeting about fall, this is called overcast.
Talk to me when the sun comes out and it feels like this
Come out to Dave Buster's for our Monthly Networking event.
we are having a Halloween Event Mention M.P.E.G.
and parking is free
i was just thinking the same thing!
41 mil to implement DOJ reforms at SPD?
DOJ says Mayor's number is way too high, not even remotely close.
at 7:06.
When are you going to CALL?!!!

congrats on your sale of Norchester Village!
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
!
GRADUATED!!
...now what?
Mary Massei with a oneout single in the third for UW.
Michigan with a pitching change.
You are SO helpful!
can you please help get to 800 with me !
please  thanks!
your the best3
What a bummer the Daytona500 was postponed!
My sympathies to all my fellow NASCAR fans who won't be able to watch it today!
I can't play for my life, how bout you?
Dance show was amazing!
So proud of all my girls3
Putting in work with my teammates C
Just bought a ticket to hear Cecil Taylor at on May 17.
I am excited!
Can't wait to get off of work
that moment when u diss someone so bad.
ah, priceless.
I'm officially in Love ..
thats allz i want is a cuddle buddy
van horn.
But for all that is good and holy in this world I beg of you never to visit that vile land.
thanks Greg.
Following you now, follow back to stay in touch.
Apple Store down...
Is this FCPX?!
Eh...
Probably nothing.
Hum I might have to right more then one story......
TGIF!!!!
Have fun, be safe, and keep looking fabulous!!
or if the lettering is worn off RT : You may be a Jewish journalist if your Jkey gets stuck.
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young.
Auditioned for Dickens' Carolers group.
I love Christmas.
I hear ya...good idea!
Happy FF to you too!
have you ever had one of those days where you just wonder what direction to head in next????
Lol!
April  I do too!!
You should see her house, btw  GORGEOUS!!!
Gaul unbelievable save from close range!
The only reason we're still in this is Alexa Gaul in goal for Texas.
She keeps the shutout alive!
Whenever I see someone do the GCF sign, but don't mean for it to be GCF, I tell them to hold it up longer so I can take a picture.
happy to entertain!
Pity, love and power: everything a sinner needs in a savior.
one of those GOOD days today.
Hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did!
Blink 182  My Chemical Romance Friday 10/7 Red Rock
I'm gonna follow u just cuz u from my hood....SOUF PHILLY!!!...sorry had 2 get alil ghetto wit the souf
lawyerly sins.
Haha.
I promise to take pics.
The only info I'll divulge is ...
9 courses.
GrandTheftAutoMemories shattering the glass to steal the viper
Obama, dj lance rock kinda the same voice
Must it rain EVERY Monday
Got my paws on the 20122013 Bentley schedule  pretty solid OOC schedule.
no calls or txts i jus want sum space rite now.
.
.
.
Hey back!
Just wanted to say make sure to DM your email if you want to enter.
You can also attend our free intro Thursday :
Conrad is on his way to the airport as we tweet.
Stacy I Luv U!
Follow Me Please!
Want to Support You Girl
lol lies :p what have you been up to stranger.?
Santa just walked in to Lala's!
Merry Christmas!
If santorums the nominee, its democrats til the year 3000...
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
dude I feel like that everyday!
Haha
Do you really care?
I just sent you an email in response to your HARO query looking for experts  please look for a note from Lindsey Serhan!
It is Vegas
that's sick!
and you're welcome!
Hm grammar's always fun....
Aint no sunshine when she's gone.
Only darkness everyday!
I just saw a fat chick with period on her head's avi and she is crispy!!
May the fourth be with you!
I should start sleeping more.
Thrilled to have just accepted position with semesteratsea Fall 2011 voyage.
So far MFF2011 is turning out to be a great Fest.
We Need To Talk About Kevin and The Interrupters are two faves so far!
fly so high come play with me n friends
I just took a nice hot shower now I'm really tired.
Ocean's 11  Ocean's Eleven.
Celebrate 50th anniversary of the original.
GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE Thursday nite 4am.
Movies  Mai Tais
today while I was taking out the trash it was FULL of BACKHAIR!
I know your fantasy feels great but facing your reality will help you grow.
I finally understand the phenomena that is Carly Rae Jepsen
God promised me what he has in mind not what I have
Reform of education not enoughbecause system is broken.
Need revolution, not evolution.
This is a really cool idea!
Yo, just peeped you and FAB's discussion.
DISAPPOINTED for a number of reasons and VERY pleased for others.
Let's get to solutions
i nearly pooped my pants watching the movie!!
Just got a Twitter account and sent a request for Pinterest.
Need to write.
Want to read.
Is smoke coming out my ears yet?
All I ate today was a buritto from Chipotle
Wait...
are you into Doctor Who?
Did I know this?
from the number of time I have bought and sold I could just feel the anguish coming, I like how ethicaly it was handled.
Viking helmet, eh?
Would that now make you Sarah Thorney?
this is what he said..
you know we can't go out because we live over 100 miles apart, right..?
/;
No problem bruh.
Good morning, i hope your day is perfect.
Love when I reread one of my tweets and it makes no fucking sense.
I'm a dolt.
Thanks to the for sponsoring the winning prize for each night of !
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.
YAY!
I just bought me some pink hair extensions!
:
Haha did you reply back to the hater?
WE NEED TO MAKE ALGeVRA FUN!!
Throw your hands in the ayyeerr, if you're a true playa.
Also, did you know is the smallest arena transforms for their rodeos?
People only use about ten percent of their true potential.
Why?
When you see my face for it gives u hell 
we need to get r band off the ground..
I don't kno about yall but I WANNA ROCK!!!!
The awkward moment when u have your twitter pack with tweets to Tyler Posey and never get a reply back from him!...lol 3...
Today was the greatest day ever!
:
well victim this..does the harlem shake well shaking all the items onto the floor.
Muhaha
Circumstances are rarely unique to us  someone somewhere has endured the same thing.
It is our response that sets us apart.
Hey there I am from FL!
How about you!?
Oh, I can only imagine what this was like in audio form!
I'm going to have to listen to the sample!
For beauty and more check out founded by Gigi Perez.
That UA commercial dirty as fuck
hope you liked
Things are going good.
I always start tri season with a wicked cold.
This was no different.
:
just followed hella people follow me back and SUPPORT MY MUSIC PLEASE!
Knowing what the word aesthetic means.
And how to use it in a sentence.
i love getting packages in the mail,3
The only thing worse than a broken heart is knowing you would give them a chance to do it all over again...
Looking forward to the International CES, world's largest consumer technology tradeshow, in Vegas next year!
Play it woody!
Love the vocs too.
Lol imma let it go!
Uniat hope these hoes never say shit to me cause I will bring it up!
Went to Chili's yesterday and DD had a hamburger with no bun b/c ingredients were unknown.
Wondering why they couldn't figure it out.
Watching THE VALET, its in french!
yes next time for sure.
Looking forward to the new website too :
no bosh?
sounds like an easy heat win.
sorry !
Happy to be home out of the rain
My little Everett was struck by a car backing out of its doctorveway.
Just a few scrapes on his arms and legs.
He had his Nutcase helmet on!
Feeling like a huge dork.
Super excited to SpotTheShuttle today!
It's not always about what's said.
Sometimes, it's about what isn't said.
Remember that time when I said I would pick up buttons at fridaycoffeeclub?
My sleep brain thought it was a hilarious joke.
Running home to take care of Will have to listen to the game on the radio.
My bold prediction: if the Caps tie this game at 11, then they will win this game.
Wow my mom wont even to take me to sushi to celebrate.
Atta girl!
TRATU2 new acyronym the rules apply to you too!
: According to National Geographic, redheads might become extinct by the year 2060.
Are they gonna kill the ones born b4 then?
I wanna be in a movie before I die.
YOLO.
american idol had the best show tonight, JOSHUA blow the roof off im sorry, he killed No More doctorma!!!
Have a little literary fun with SeussSpeare for Shakespeare in Seussical rhyme!
Feeling very happy with my commute after feeling like I've been doctorving nonstop all morning to get to meetings.
Happy, thankful, and blessed!
Giving Jesus a hand!
Rise  Smile!!!
If you're an Idea Guy you might want to jump on the bandwagon to boycott the hackathon by .
you look SO pretty!!
I'll admit it ...
I am craving something fierce!
people could use that as a doctornking game.
every time you see that lyric on tumblr take a shot.
bitches would get doctorNK.
;
magic school bus hurry!
GOT NEW HEADPHONES!!!
have you used the stuff?
With its expanding action?
It's nuts.
if I go down there it won't b to go to the game, can't afford it.
But I'm always down for a party
ya sync seems to be working now.
But my points are all out of whack
I never thought a movie about sewing mouths to assholes and making people eat poop could be so frigging boring
My Dad lol Someone told  that I can dance , now he wants me to dance for him !
We hold individuals to a higher moral standard than we do corporations.
Do you agree?
Marc, thanks for coming out, and we're glad all of your students made it!
performing tonight!
OBMA Welcomes OBAMA Old Bellevue Merchants Assoc.
The windy night blew all the clouds away.
Its beautiful and cool.
I'm done with my trading for the day.
Another stellar performance.
Yeehaw
I'm preparing someone to be our fourth :
YOU GO KATY
so what you're saying is she's a genius and likely way smarter than a talk show host?
We're really looking forward to the Seattle 2.0 awards tonight!
Hope to see you there!
Blown out tire.
Fucking fantastic.
Lunch  book
Yes and I have heard from also that DC does it BIG when the sun sets ;
The fact that 402 is officially getting sold next week makes me want to cry!
So many memories in that place
can I have your things if you land on the island?
NO I have to wear safety glasses now when I'm out on the production floor!
Saints just walking all over the miners in the last minute.
Oh boy.
Is she just upset or did she hurt herself?
Pshaw, everyone knows turkey basters bring LIFE, not DEATH
you unfollowed me on twitter
HEY GUYS WATCHING LOOK GREAT
oh and promise to watch tonight.
It's my grandmas birthday tomorrow!
91 years young!
can't going to NY for my sisters graduation from PharmD!
I should probably tell you my webcam is a little brokenphone later?
you are the devil
DJ Kidd Star hosts the Atlanta House Party tonight at Sutra Lounge; no cover, doctornk specials, and live entertainment all night long!
: y'all barely lost to them in they house with all their starters last week.....take the W sir!true
This time a yr ago we figured something was up.
usa use has risen 6x in last hr, says Statweestics
and I bet that's an understatement!
Haha
I was with Mike as a boy seeing cy youngs.
500th win
Restructuring city govt acrosstheboard is avenue to balance budget, eliminate deficit, pay down debt,  provide efficient core services.
todays my birthday....
, , , please tweet me my bday will be 10 times better :
the lineman may be blocking well, but if you never hit the hole you never will get any yardage...
Going to school sick 
50?
Are you sure?
Feels like about 500.
But what a time to score.
Top effort too.
RT : RT : noon: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/Jason DeParle  Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work.
wish I could kick my feet up and be fed grapes
Chelsea FC all day everyday..FA Champions
when you are at your lowest, look up!!!
and when you are at your highest, take a second to look down!!
Little by little the Dolphins are coming back...
No matter what, I'll still buy wine from Wine Library
Caught part of Obama's speech on the radio.
If half the nasty things he said about Republicans were true, I might consider voting for them.
What a foggy Joseph Cornelly day.
Perfect for first read of Hotel Cassiopeia
Are you going to the a rocket to the moon and all american rejects concert tomorrow in st.
pete?
Adobe is going to do a 50 /month subscription for CS6 Master Suite.
I like this because the 2600 was pricing out the little guys.
I think it souns like you need the keys to the city.
need a golf partner?
Langdon farms is calling our name.
:
What happened at Kelly Elementary school in Carlsbad on Friday?
you can call 311 or simply give all the location info  issue in a tweet to
New post at www.thewhalestale.blogspot.com apologies for strange formatting.
Internet access is spotty at best.
I watched this I literally was crying so much!
Thank u so much for posting this!
USA Today: Number of painkilleraddicted newborns triples in 10 years  dagblog
Great effort by Spurs bench tonight.
Held their own w/ a good chance to get W over Lakers who played heavy starter minutes.
Gripfasts are great but now I prefer Tuks.
Im soo bored , anyone wanna tweet ?
hmu :
thanks to at offthegrid I'll be uncomfortably full for the rest of the afternoon.
My bad.
Even 67 is unacceptable.
Mebbe By the time girls graduate w/CS degree it will be evensteven?
FOLLOW ME ON MY MAIN :
i over think too much, and make myself cry.
i need to stop.
Two ways I try to improve my writing: eliminate the adverbs, and review the value of the adjectives.
Arabs really know how to sing Happy Birthday...
sounds like a plan.
Finally rewatching entourage.
Took five minute to remember why it's my favorite show and further learn how amazing the writers are
GOODDOGS in the Menil parking lot until 3PM today.
Kick off the fall season with the best tofu dog in towngreat art and great hotdogs.
IHateWhenPeople/Teachers, talk while we're supposed to be reading during class.
stfu!
Another reason why I would rather blaze, NO HANGOVER'S!
Yesterday was dope tho for sure thank you everyone who came out to rock with P.I.T
: I'm aware I'm a sarcastic bitch, but that's just my body's natural defense against lies, doctorma, and stupidity.
Crossing fingers  sending congratulations!!
So pleased for you all.
it is better!
I hope you have a good day :
Thank you!
Our baking motto: If you can't say it don't eat it.
We use all natural ingredients you can pronounce  find in your own cupboards!
DEMO09 has begun!
Cool companies so far: BitGravity  live streaming HD content  Zuora  subscriptionbased monetization for Facebook
Damn i just realized I havent tried talking to oomf in a long time.
Hey everyone ,,
I'm already very comfortable with our offensive talent but we will be adding another piece to an already well put together puzzle.
A rising tide lifts all boats JFK
there are no secrets in the coaching world lol I heard hockinson girls Job is open.
Any word on who may get it?
Stressing about things you can't control is unnecessary so take a deep breathe and enjoy today.
of course, as you are well aware, I sing a lot over everything.
I sing little bird to the cat almost every day
Good to see you!
RT Hung out too briefly with JRI at: 4sq.com/oORMu5
I'm thinking of hiring a lawyer to fight for my right to party.
all u need is field turf.
Just cataloged a letter from Little Edie Beale!
I officially love the :
can u check to see how old you have to work at wendys
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
ok cool.
I try to swing by the vendor booths as well.
Have a safe trip out there.
President has a call into the Pentagon...in case doesn't win tonight...
Dontlietome when it comes to my mom or dad.
You should feel guilty as fuck.
Happy Veterans Days!
Thank you for your service and sacrifice!
3
Just got from the meetin' w/ my momma.
Now at Popeyes gettin' me some food.
.
!
Fenna smash this  Pizza Hut!
Aye 3 Swagg!
Stop complaining about your so called nightmare clients online.
It's unprofessorssional and just makes you look bad.
Wish I could take the credit, but that was Mary Lucia's doing.
Have you ever heard Belew's Salad Days collection?
It's AMAZING!
If Greek doesn't show up you may have voted for us already
Eating up now.
what's good cudi what y'all doing tonight??
THAT is your favorite thing?
That's a little weird...
Oh no I'm out of gum!
liber2011 I'm amazed to learn that 'good enough' cataloging isn't widely adopted across the UK.
Surely BIG budget cuts will change this?
Kids spend over 16,000 hours of their life in school, yet come out failing to function in the real world.
Wonder if your thinkin abt me or giving ur attention to someone else..SHOULD NEVER FEEL THIS WAY
: Losing Your Virginity.?
Its BetterwithConfetti
Is in the salon...
you should do a commentary of you doing it super speed
goddamnit where can I get some artisanal ice trays??
Thanks We're excited to be taking the airwaves!
hey its i reached my max tweets haha my fav HU song is levitate 3
Visit us  allsportsshopping.com
Is Gina Gershon nominated tonight?
For Best Actress Who Stole My Cab on 34th St?
Little different then ur usual religious tweets.
disappointed RT : nothing wrong with random hookups :
Thanks Brian!
Go to Daikokuya if you can.
Best ramen!
genomesolver curenet dave micklos, cold spring harbor, discussing iPlant, an NSF cyberinfrastructure project
The only problem with my perfect day is that there is so much pollen my blue Explorer looks yellow!
And the associated sneezing!
thanks!
and for the record, we definitely thought y'all deserved better than honorable mention.
great idea !
if any of you happen to see today remind him to wish me a happy birthday, k?
k thanks ;
I saw your stream of posts related to tech and intelligence, noticed the word technoshaman in your professorle.
I follow.
Two great auditions yesterday...one for a Casting Agent and one for a film....one more today
Chicago heads  MICHAL MENERT and supervision tonight at the bottom lounge, it's gonna get rowdy.
yup yup
The answer is NO.
Happy birthday!
Heading anywhere fun?
I Wonder Who Gon Be Here Tomorrow ??
Hm :.
Is that today?
Happy Birthday!
: Have fun, whatever you decide!
SYNC's Vehicle Health Report service allows you to monitor your vehicle's health
Get up off your ass, forget the past...Future is what you've got, run with it...
Woots are great plays and Dubs are great wins!!
thank you for the follow.
Happy to promote or retweet anything great for my followers.
Nice site w: variety a parent needs
thx!
I gotta check it out.
I forgot to say  haha!
: My boss just asked me to fix an excel spreadsheet, because there were too many s in it.
was yr issue with our signal ever resolved?
i was working hard to find a way to somehow work in linternship and linterpretive dance THERES ALWAYS NEXT TIME
The Elsevier boycott seemed pretty successful to me.
Gotta stay up to date on all the new technology!
media.threadless.com/product/1397/zoom.gif
Reminiscing with old friends about the past it's always fun 
I'm probably fucked for all the stuff other people have done.
Yeshua is present in the Siddur not simply through references to Mashiach ben David.
Can't wait to read it!!
Is it just KA?
We can set you up for a backstage tour of O or Mystere too AP
they do make pudding pops but they are not always easy to find!
Thank you for letting us know!
I think we fixed it.
Gotta reword.
Exempt is innocuous.
Smoke bill kills or sickens bartenders, waiters, card dealers, musicians, et al.
Check your DM :
FASHO!!
ima call you when Im done with this workout.
Such a good day yesterday on the lake w/ you guys!
Glad you, Ty and I got a shower/bath while on the boat!
Haha: love u friends!
Montverde will not be fun to play next year with those 2.
Fun to watch but not so fun to play against lol.
Philly Sports: 2012 NBA doctorft: Can the Philadelphia 76ers Find an Impact Player at 15?
After a week of weather in the upper 50's and low 60's, there is a 1/2 of snow on the ground.
Ugh!
That sounds awesome.
If only i could sing.....good
that's okay you tried :
I agree wholeheartedly.
Followed you after the recent recent BS interview, like your work.
Good basketball insight.
Detropia isn't startling, but it is gorgeous.
The people in it are amazing, and i have a new understanding of the size of Detroit.
young polo by far RT : who's your favorite local sf rapper?
OMG have so much fun in Europe!!!!
So jealous!!!
And be safe...
: Happy Easter too!
She means well, but I'm not trying to hear this shit at the moment.
I swear when I look at you Time Don't Pass..
Pain in my throat still remains...even after antibiotic treatment...ok I'm scared now...
Thats gonna require some brain bleach.
jessie is great as always: and my family is..my family lets just say!
laughs hows your family?
I'm finna take a fat pm and go to bed..fuck it
of course you will get backstage!
Welcome to UNSCENE: Cincinnati!
We are your goto urban navigation guide for independent businesses in Cincinnati.
Enjoy!
Feels strange to not have a game to work at today or watch today, but will make Monday exciting getting ready for MNF.
wtf ?
disabled ads from one of my vid interviews that i conducted.
wonder if someone wrongly reported it.
starting to dislike YT
Any Of My Followers Stay In Philly?.
So close to 200 followers!
I know its not a lot but I'm ecstatic!!
I just need 8 more people who will follow the
We love it when amazing artists get credit where credit is due!
Arcade Fire made the Grammys worth watching!
Looking 4 a job in metro  surrounding Atlanta areas, for resum, thank you
Almost 2012!!!
New year  new things from us!!!
It's gonna be a good one....just feel it :
well, I am often interesting  not helpful...
I'll keep trying.
Thanks for coming in!
So glad you enjoyed yourself
There are no problems in life, just mountains  valleys on the road to success...
Enjoy the ride or you'll miss the rewards.
Everyone in New England?
And I'm willing to bet they've been doctornking more than Peyton.
Good advice: Never give a thorough answer to 'How are you?'
.
clarity.
communication is so important that if you can communicate clearly important things can happen
um idk i have no idea what so ever
I'm there too!
kids The Zany Dzigns of Diana Z at The ToonSeum, Wed, May 16 10:00a: The exhibit will feature a hidden picture wall for both adults and...
Love hurts.
And when it rains it pours.
Lol if a nigga do that, he's in love.
RT : fart around me
Quote of the night from we might need to set up camp for the night
Scarf Bandanna  Womens Accessories
shut up
Those days when you don't know why, but when every single little thing someone says or does annoys the shit out of you 
RT : I look forward to the strawberry breakfast all year long
Off to bed!
Night!
I hate doing my own hair.
The spiders in my house  I have a deal.
As long as they're not in or near my room, I won't kill them.
So in Houston today damn !
lol
Love Crunch in Las Vegas couldn't have done better.
Great job to the Love Crunch LV Team!
See ya soon Chicago.
Please can you follow me!!!!!
Im not hung ovr didnt doctornk anything last nite.
One can never pay in gratitude; one can only pay in kind somewhere else in life.
Anne Morrow Linbergh
Thanks  just curious if it could have had an impact.
Thanks again!
guess you came up with an idea lol
Much needed day off.
Relaxing.
That's all.
Rebounding needs to turn it around.
HORRIBLE lack of foul calls.
Swiss Maid Fudge Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream Pie
who won the head phones from bizzy crooks
what is this growup you speak of?
;
/yesterday/ is midnight to midnight yesterday local time.
FUCK.
cabbie intel at MDW say theyre zombie rash being COVERED UP.
NDAs being signed.
hysteria.
BE RDY.
Also doesn't hurt that my pal competes in wheelchair fencing
Dont wanna give on so we both gave up!
Can't take it back it's to late we've reached the
For personal reasons, I am deleting this Twitter account.
If you still wish to follow me, follow
Robert how do u say ur last name I still cnt get it right plz follow me
20 days...
Not long enough.
yall was missing shots and got stripped so hey we did what we had to do go to the paint and get them fouls
My queen size bed seems like a waste of space sometimes for only one person
you go to Jose?
Whaaa?
i think jan 31  hemlock?
glad im a male
6:30pm public meeting  Daley Bi Plaza  come voice your opinions about the future of the rink.
RT : RT this ONCE before 5PM ET if you want a code for Tuesdays exclusive look  MW2 Combat Training
I guess not!
Where is that?
I would love to go!
I need to find a summer job.
If anybody knows anyone that's willing to hire 16 year olds please let me know..
...just got off the phone with Oprah Winfrey's producers for the Lifeclass show!
I have been booked to tell my story.
I am in shock!!!!
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.
Maya Angelou
lol indeed.
But my paycheck hasn't gotten the memo yet lol
The guy in front of me in line at the UPS Store was shipping a hot dog.
Via UPS Ground.
I got a new dog yesterday and all he does is hump me and stick his face in my lap.
He better be getting his balls cut off soon.
It just dawned on me that it's been nearly 5yrs since I had a J.O.B.
I don't care what anybody says, owning a business is the way to go
2 lawns mowed.
Now, fish need to be caught.
Good Afternoon!
Have a Fabulous Friday.....Spread Love!
Thinking my twitter account has been hacked...
invite the same handle at yahoo.
That's where my doctorpBox lives.
Thanks!
RT : Good stuff!
Since Jan Ive been happy with my lifestyle.
I really wish I slept better though.
Something I've been trying to work on.
Why?
Why now.
we gonna get em good wit this sequel bro alute!
thank u 4 the follow.
Hello from CA.
:
let's do a photoshoot :
TWITTER IS AN ECHELON!
YABchat National Center for History in the Schools.
We partner with local schools to promote college to first generation students
sorry 2 have been so harsh.
i was just surprised how sensationalist and shallow the film came off thoughts?
Unconfirmed by epidemiological proof cannot form the basis for causation.
Chambers v.
Exxon Corp., 81 F.Supp.2d 661
Michele Obama is in town for graduation which means I probably won't be leaving my house much today.
Sigh.
Did you get it from Sharper Image or Brookstone?
The ones they sell are amazing!
Good luck to all of the teens competing in the Miss Teen Maryland International Pageant this weekend!
i'm tired of studying for this quiz.
Oh no u didnt!
Yep.
Just sent you a DM asking where you are at.
Glad TAB is playing Pigtail.
Loved it the one time Trey played it with his other band Will it have a life with Phish?
Hey,how are you today?
you're the one and only.
GEMINIS stay curious!
being a pussy doctorver
Congratulations to your whole team  such exciting news, and quite an achievement!
Its raining:/
Anyone notice how hot Mitt Romney's sons are?
I read that each successive male child is 30 more likely to be gay.
Anybody know Romney fam?
I don't know where the spam came.
I think someone hacked my account.
Sorry for the strange messages.
You were terrific!
Love watching you.
Didn't know about Jeffrey's rough beginnings.
He looks happy and healthy.
he would've made them 
saw tonite 4 1st time, brilliant, I'm hooked, c u in feb
What an awesome Easter morning.
Great worship time, great preaching but best of all the altars were full with new salvations.
RT Sorry about your husband dying, i totally overslept.
a quote from my new show  doctor Pothead
We're moving!
Davie Brown Entertainment is moving on 7/29/10 to the Marina: 4721 Alla Road, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292
AH I wish we would have stayed!
:/
We close our eyes.
We never lose a game.
Imagination never lets us take the blame.
Meeting fisherman today at long beach to get fresh off the boat fish for Wood and vine.
Issue summons to Facebook through email: Court
At least pretend like your not a slut, you must want everyone to know
dEbAtiNg oN wHaT 2 gEt iNtO WiTh My LiL MaMaS 2dAy : ...
cool, I know all design track sessions will be posted on slideshare for sure!
Why tf does all the good shit come on at once.
Processing requires reflective thought and reflexive action, which can't occur without time.
How will you make sure you have time?
Roy doesn't look like santa anymore
Great fun singing in Estes Park,in spite of the COLD weather!
Next week I'll be  Blue Note in NYC with the Dizzy Gillespie Allstars BB
Be interested in them.
Ask about them just to know.
Don't steer the conversation too obviously or let it become a pitch.
My director told me today that I'm crazy.
Absolutely crazy.
This is a good thing, right?
Right?!
I smell like someday
I'm good with it.
BOYFRIEND is on repeat right now :
Packers start is interesting.
3game road trip in October.
4 of 6 NFC North games in December.
Division will be up for grabs.
thanks so much for the hospitality  breaking down rubyriot would love to help out!
Absolutely love the title sequence of The Pitch on AMC
its a blessing to have on board fam!!!
In the office discussing what your stripper name would be by combining your first pet name with the street name you grew up on!
Coffee saw its first quota year in 1941 which allowed countries to only produce certain amounts to control prices.
went to the doctor today find out i lost 14 pounds got to love spring
RT : So excited 4  at tonight.
Any recs on what to do before/after the show in Asheville?
The sooner we get to a 1000 FOLLOWERS the sooner we start giving out MEGA prizes!
Pumped about Tim Cook, Apple's CFO, speaking at my graduation!
AJ Thanks for the mention, Happy Earth Day!
HoodHoes always hating on the real bitch that got his heart claiming they aint jealous like GetReal hoe!!
Vault of the Secret Formula at the CocaCola Museum: lots of new technology and low tech integrated,
1324 I love you twin!
:
man it feel good outside today ayyyeeee
Rockin at this morning as usual
Thank you and for the FF love
Anyone that would like an advance copy of the the new Ragtime Ralph release, The Fahey Project for purpose of a review, please contact me.
Dave Anderson is in Haiti shooting video for Heifer International.
Follow Dave for instag.ram updates.
boom goes the dynamite!!
Maximum distance is 500 meters between points.
Random access structure to content.
hahhahahahhahhahha may so funny
Life is back 2 normal.
Happy Day!
great interview today with just living the startup doctoram
all my friends are dead !
an 3rd block..
what are you talking about I want to go to high school I cant wait!
Our Louise is currently on the Nate Berkus show discussing our amazing Royal Wedding Party in Dumbo www.royalweddingnyc.com
While everyone is hopped up on Irish design, check out the fashion photography of www.germancollins.com/
Happy mothers day
I guess.
I didn't really see him do anything but try to separate his players.
The refs had it in for them.
Everyone seems to want Slamball.
So who is your favorite Slamball team?
And why isn't Slamball the most popular sport EVER?!
Makes no sense!
I will do my best not to!
;
way more dog tags shun Whats good!!
Eat that Rex
pretty epic video there by  featuring a cameo by Zeus  his magic clipboard!
Well done!
Laying in bed.
Gonna check fb once more then watch tv till I fall asleepp.
Night peepss 3
truth  Someone told me being in the studio to much is unhealthy  smh  ...
most people will never understand that feeling!
We have got tickets for all nationwide events  Contact us now by calling at: 8884930004
A Pinkberry fruit bowl filled with your favorite fresh fruit is a perfect and healthy option for lunch!
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow.It's been pretty stupid.
KSI is an excellent destination for Military personnel to obtain their Masters Degree online: www.ksi.edu  sign up to attend classes
As a woman, I find no value in taking off your clothes 4 money.
There is no upward mobility, benefits package, or professor dev.
there
Really happy to be able to revisit Richard White's Middle Ground over last couple of days.
Had a good time chillin at KUPS today
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Bouncing along at 80 mph in a cab with no shocks.
Happy April Fool's Day Everyday!
Anybody got any good April Fool's ideas I could pull on my girlfriend when I see her later?
; Hehe 
Amazing how much you can accomplish when you shift your paradigm...
I have 2 b  work in the morn by 9:00am  for some reason im up at 3:15 not able 2 sleep!!!
SLEEP WHERE R U?
Itd b rly nice if u wld come
I love how powerful you believe me to be :
Ignorant people 
Looking forward to it.
Hey, I don't know what assumptions you might make of me, gotta be sure.
Holy moly, BLACKOUT happy hour was AMAZING!
Hope you guys don't have anything important to do at work today!
youredatinganerdwhen Star Wars vs.
Star Trek
Happy Thanksgiving Greg to you and yours as well!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for las vegas PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Reply with how many people coming.
That is so Cute 3
yes mam!
im so nervous
I was thinking it was going to be just a turkey sandwich or something, but that's a full on feast!
post this to Craigslist and see what you get.
There you go playing with my emotions..
Holy crap the iPhone is awesome.
Learn something new about it every day.
Nothing like a good sleep after way too much work
hey beautiful!!
Missed listening to your song yesterday.
Can we do that today?
Why yes, I AM rocking out to Huey Lewis!
Peace at Last
I've come to think that some nude painting is just socially acceptable softporn.
Why on earth would Michelle Bachman want to have Swiss citizenship?
I'm a sharer.
I share.
When I finish, do you want?
I'll need it back.
It's signed to the big man.
I would love those tix!
Big Ravens and Terps fan.
Happy Thanksgiving!
good luck big girl!!!!
Wah nobody is following
Hi DebraWe challenge you to have another listen.
Our new holiday CD will be released in December!
Merry Christmas!
Kenosha has an existing contract with the local teachers union that predates last year's collective bargaining changes.
I'm so down just lemme know the date!
I'm here without you baby.
But you're still with me in my doctorams, and tonight girl, it's only you and me.
I was just thinking that this weekend.
RT  Its official..
I hate the Cleveland Indians..
Sizemore is a fricken joke.
Dude laughs when he strikes out 4 times a g...
that kitchen is seeing more action than it probably ever will
operationsweetleaf certainly has its critics  comes at interesting time for marijuana in Colorado.
Legalization vote in Nov.
or not that often they do
Thanks to my publicist Josh Mitchell I Just finished an interview with the ladies from The Dish ,now back to set for Tmobile...
Update: Naked Pizza Chicago will now be opening midlate May.
We look forward to serving you healthy pizza soon!
If someone says they always lie, are they lying or telling the truth?
I had a blast today love u guys goodnight
thanks for the shoutout!
have a great week : 
I love to fight wit her cuz ill make up for it all night ;
Love it!
RT : Liberia store in manassasva today!
Today's nature science class is powered by Dunkin ; 2 2 milk!!
Engagement surveys leave a lot to be desired.
For example, one asked if I had all the resources I needed to do my job.
This!
RT : It's amazing that 4 games can all be on commercial break at the same time
Oh thanks!
I'm 12 and it's Samantha's life but I always try to look I lt up!
I NEVER find it!
Brb
That issue was resolved earlier, I am sorry I did not get back to you until now.
Follow up directly if I can be of assistance.
thanks for the follow!
xx
Just stalked a guy from the bar last night
I hope you wish me happy birthday!
:
I KNOW.
I am so excited about this : Meet you on the mall on Tuesday Amanda?
...
Great joke after the Avengers credits.
Big laugh.
Humans might start evolving Zombie norms!
Which norm would win?
Humans or Zombies?
In Phoenix Arizona for the first time, friendly people and alot of cacti!
Looking for things to do, any recommendations?
Madeinafreeworld.org just crashed.
I cant find out how many slaves support my lifestyle.
Love when random, white camera guys at the Yard greet me in Taiwanese.
Thanks, WeiYin Chen.
I can't even get ready to cheer on the Black Mamba.
This bulls loss is like a bad nightmare.
Sadness.
Great game by the cards, they did their job for the ultimate final 4 matchup.
Now we have to do ours
Testing out a new Twitter client.
Very interesting.
I have so much fucking shit to do..
I just don't feel like it.
Play to resume at 5:50.
NBC coverage to begin at 6pm and will continue until completion of play this evening.
why would I do that?
I wouldn't.
Leave me alone
Wiggling my tail all over the city...blodwyn style
Happy Hump Day kiddies!
I'm Still trying to decide how I can enjoy this cold, cloudy, and gloomy day.
I'm sorry
Who wants a Pearescope hoodie?!?
Can twins be gay?
OK.
That's better.
I thought it was a third long island, and I was like, wait a sec ....
Who can help him out?
RT : Has anyone used unify cms?
Thoughts?
Someone said that to me before I got married in May.
The baby will be here in Feb!
Great advice!
Squeal!
About to arrive at sse12 show!
Thanks, Marc.
I just see some blogs I used to admire, and wonder...What ARE you thinking?
Got lots of downtime now that the semester's over.
Time to write music and play lots of gigs!
thats what happens when you look good!
RT : North/South rivalry already started even before we lace them up for fantasy college football!
can't wait to see it
wasnt today like the best day of ur life, i am so happy rite now she singed everything,i love her so much
We LOVE !
He's casting a show on crazy stories about YOUR Motherinlaw you know you have them!
don'tlie !!
;
Oh nah, this man on strange addictions is addicted to having sex with his car 
hi can u follow me i now u wont notice me
first move is this lift this stranger off of me.
iMustHavePassedOut.
Haha.
Tommie gunn groupies
So surreal that I'm moving away from roc Movers come today!Will be w/out most of my stuff for a week,except what fits in my
Like forreal, I'm doing ME
Would you like to be featured in our Signature Dish series?
Just give us a recipe and we'll spotlight you on our site!
Knuckle tattoos are attractive.
Thank you for the mention Sherri!
spend my life with you.
Eric baney
Mayor Emanuel about to speak at women's conference
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit ;
The Bulls went out like bitches
told my family what is doing with the money from TurnToYou and they couldn't stop saying how amazing what he is doing
I guess she'd be limited to Meridian, Laurel or Hattiesburg, then.
Productive morning.
Gym and then derby day!
Thanks !
, how can I help?
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Brian Tracy, Author
RT : Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Robert Brault
looking into it still...
Wisc needs more ciders!!
BLeak future of Flash storage as geometry shrinks it gets much weirder SSSS1 where is the wall 20nm the next gen or after that
UGH WHY ARE THEY MOCKING ME.
JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY
: Another night full of entertainment brought by the Garcias of course!
that's us!
Entertaining
Im bored right now
intellectualinsultafterinjury: China is currently a netexporter of agricultural/food  try imagining that in the 70ies :D
Soo...they apparently can predict when 2012 is gonna happen...yet they don't even know what tomorrow's weather is gonna be like.
School can piss right off tomorrow
OH SNAP!
: RT : TONIGHT at 5!
We're gonna be on the Tee Vee!
You're defiantly coming to the next prep game
Face down ass up that's the way we Like to fuck.
HEUG Alliance12 Attendees: Stop by booth 537 for a demo of our Higher Educationspecific PPM and Service Desk software!
Happy Sunday everyone..Im trending today on reverbnation..please have a listen..if you like what you hear hit the LIKE button Thankyou:
I could possibly be signing on a house today if everything goes as planned
Is he still there?
:O tell him i said hey:
Two guys in a revolving door...awkward.
two guys in a revolving door doctornk...awesome.
Just had the best night sleep in 3 weeks.
Feel like a new person.
I'm still a dumb ass...just well rested.
Huh?
Why?
ready to get work over with and start my weekend
u late bro
You are witnessing  reporting  ur version of going to Mass, as u said.
Hard to do even that, right?
I feel you Tess.
match one soon miss.
Special shoutouts to Ryan,Nate, and Wes!
Can someone explain what the heck is up with Facebook Timeline?
Why can I never see more than the last 4 posts?
Last month, yes, now, no.
I have a Twitter page for my new position at the CourierJournal.
I'm keeping/updating this page, but u can also follow me at
ALCL is thin!!!
this packed day has been quite fun.
presentation on the online class for a group at WFU, then Lilly2012 where I keep running into friends!
I've got a good idea.
Why don't you take down the monitors and talk from the heart?
Same ol' shit kids have heard for decades.
Congress is arranging to turn tobacco warehouses in Maryland and Virginia into saltpeter production facilities.
Crazy records with Ina Wroldsen, this week!!
Man...they keep comin!!
Reading the best book ever.
Crank by Ellen Hopkins
funfact In northern France there is a place called Y.
im almost to 400 followers I'm pumped.
Thank you so much for following my page!!!
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
Albert Einstein
House party show at Ross's place!
Hello and welcome to Kathi and Lorraine!
Thanks for your support!
In May
Thank god for another day to live!:
what a soft mother fucker.
I hate when people can't take criticism.
Especially when it's true.
Why is the Google Adwords interface so slow?
Awwh thank you!
I miss you guys too  mwah back xo
Normally I tip well above average, 4050, but the service I just received was horrid.
Enjoy the change.
i'll never know; don't do doctorgs.
that's why i asked.
sex is awesome without artificial aid
Nothing like fresh laces
trying to watch it but it's showing a error
Tiger balm and bio freeze to a power lifter are like pot and Doritos to a hippie.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Is his middle initial Q?
just on here and on my way home!:
Welcome  Looking forward to your tweets!
IDontAlways pump fluids, but when I do it's with .
Stay flowing, my friends.
Idk Y Doe
Killer stop motion shoot last night w molding doughboy havoc w on camera!
It worked!
Its game day!!
Come to the irish rec room to doctornk and climb the wall!
Do it for don majkowski!
AVATAR Fever!
AVATAR 3D has raised the bar for the next generation of films.
Even better the 2nd time  ahh...
to be king of the world x2!
please follow me ik a lot people probably ask u all the time but u really dont understand how much it would really mean to me!
The Price Of Success
We here in Fl allowed just under 50 a game wo/any1 over 6 foot We cudn't score but we did defend
Lean on me
looking forward to our session this weekend, sorry we missed you during SXSW, we owe you a game of horseshoe!
I have to go to school to work on my project.!!!
But after yeah.!!!!
It always wasn't a hit and run relationship,it use to be love,happiness,and companionship
Sadly, the Nats have failed to take back their park.
Audible Lets Go Phillies chant.
Show went great
Embrace your Irish spirit this StPatricksDay with Irish Whiskey and Irish Car Bombs!
In beaver eating cake
i feel like is making history for the new skool hip hop scene in Detroit...
RT : Sasha baron Cohen, you've reinvented urself into the same character.
Truth RT : The people that have the most to say, are the ones that do the least.
Lovely pic.
I miss NYC.
Love your Mom's reflections.
I'm reading your book.
Most inspiring and helpful.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Love when my stepdad embarrasses me when we go to the gas station asks the cashier if he trying to hit on me better back off..ha!
Just saw Avengers.
AWESOME.
Look out for new shows and our EP coming out in just a few weeks!
www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
Ha, yeah, no.
Totally just as a back up.
At show volume, they really sound pretty much the same, give or take.
NJCAA Region XIV Tournament is coming up tomorrow starting at 10am.
4 games on the schedule starting with Navarro/Alvin
bahahahaha.
Whoops.
Sorry dude!
GNeal with three straight buckets against Steve Blake.
TowsonMaryland
Keeping with the holidays spirit...James Torme singing Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire.
bit.ly/saMMc1 fb.me/16RivkUmz Indeed!
Seattle's Perkins Coie had just 8 lawyers doing patent work in 1999.
Today, about 170 lawyers handle patent prosecution and litigation.
I wish I cud interact more wit somf : ...
he is!
Alex is on there too  he says challenging and there's a pix of him in science lab.
lol there's still always time : 
still trying to figure these why these links are all messed up!
is a eboutique founded by a SFV business entrepreneur!
The bohemian chic accessories are treasures from LA, check them out!
thoughtsduringschool I only come here for my friends:
Apparently this is a new train doctorver...
Didn't they teach you to tap the breaks...
Not slam them on.
damn, I wanted to go to the fanfest but that's the day before I'm back...
Anthony Davis finished the semester with a 3.7 GPA.
Suck it, Bob Knight.
People who believe that money can do anything can be expected to do anything for money.
Some people say If only love was enough.
But if you love someone that should always be enough.
Nice to meet you Stacie!
I hope I have given you some worthwhile information and insight into creating hip hop beats
i told you not to call me bro   yeah wiff yo' eye closed xD
A GIRL WHO KNOS WHAT SHE WANTSPRICELESS!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got a couple strains I know u n da BF enjoy !!
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
The 7 Habits, p.
98
The Walking Dead was the best one yet!!!!!
I love it!
lol!
Gosh all you guys talking about your HS coming to an end.
Back when I graduated HS, there was no Twitter to talk about it.
:/
Adams Ave Roots Festival April 2526.
Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar is Open.
Many beer  wine deals
looks straight badass today.
Those who are convinced against their will, are of the same opinion still!
Wow this girl like everyone
Dont settle with a networking group of 3040 people that requires weekly meetings, expensive fees.
be a creative collective entrepreneur
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Yes I have breakfast at midnight shakeshead
no doubt that these are the best two players in the world
If he walks, he gets 1 point, and we end in a tie.
awh yeah.:  followed.: I LOVE YOU GUYS!
: so its looking like if i want to meet my deadline of 25 ts either or  I'm down lol
Where do you want to see theblacklist play?
We want to play for each and every one of you.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
Girl, I KNOW we're gonna have tons more yolos!!!
Playing a round at hotel indigo 930 pm free.
Come out Nashville folks :
Not dead, I suppose, just not the one that gets the last word!
I'm feeling glad I have sunshine I have sunshine in a bag I'm useless but not for long the future is coming on :
Getting Sleepy
the kid behind me did not share the same feeling.
His exact words, my eyeballs are burning
I doctorve my friend to about 20 businesses to fill out job applications on Saturday.
His car was in the shop and it felt great to help him
Gerard Depardieu is on your flight??
Watch Ali just be Nialls friend and all this stupid fighting and hating be bullshit.
Thanks for the follow...following you too...
Yeah, they cancelled awhile back.
Said they had 3 episodes left but didn't say when/if they would air
Increase comes by action!
Now ask yourself what you can do?
The sunn goes downn, the staaarss come out, and all that counts is here right now.
Nothing makes my day like We Belong surfacing on my iPod.
And its showing right now...
you realize shaq Pau and Bynum helped him win those games name one good player Lebron had with him before he
Thanks for tweeting pics
okay, i will!!!
Very grateful for lovely mother's day with 94 year old mother and my two wonderful daughters and husband.
The iTriage team had a great time in Austin!
Thanks for a successful event!
True words are not always pretty; pretty words are not always true.
lol!
Treated cuz.
We all know why I don't check voicemails.
We need to make it happen.
Are you goin?
...However, recent studies suggest that the melancholia of middle age may be rooted in the role loss associated with the ...
where the hell are you??
haha: text me stranger !
It's hard to fly when you're holding the hand of someone who's sinking.
A little girl seeks revenge.
A real women moves on while karma does the dirty work !
free throws
RT : Central Kentucky Concert Band, tonight, UK Arboretum, 7pm.
Bring a blanket, chairs, you know!
OH I could make some money if I wasn't spending it all the time.
On the bus On my way!
Home from school lol
Plot for perfection
YES!
DM us with your addoctorss and we'll send you a CD.
RT : is it Martin Bresnick?
what is the new record?
Bored ass hell my parents are cleaning painting our new house 
You got it!
So happy for you  I was your reader yesterday.
I think I deserve partial credit for this : CONGRATS!
RT Best Chef: Northwest: Matt Dillon, Sitka  Spruce, Seattle
Well time to end my night in good company and to the sounds of Coldplay : Night Tweetas
No hate just askin!
This week will begin working on new commercial in studio, February 2123, the second of twenty for 2012.
I'm sure there is a way to make a Kindle smell like an old book.
Very cool.
PBS documentary just ended with funding from many backers /cc 
life life life
Some might not be happy about Casey overpass decision but I think its great for JP
Where is today?
Looking for anything in particular?
We've probably got stuff you can use.
how much do you love us?
;
Henry Rodoctorguez just pumped 101 MPH on the radar gun.
Thanks for the compliment!
We blushingly agree!
RT : I personally think Mortons steakhouse is better than ruth's and Donovans.....
RAINSummit Kurt displaying the knowledge.
I thought we told that plate wouldn't keep him from being pulled over?
way to go, Ash!
youknowwhatihatethemost when she tries to convince me she not nasty after wearing that hooker costume
Radiohead always does the trick.
Do mannequins creep you out?
Or is it just me?
And the skateboard guy Haha
Song 12 is in the works!!
On Skype wit my baby :
The truth will set you free.
Awesome!
Way to go Nats!
Reasons He's gonna give himself a heart attack if he doesn't start exercising
Thank You for coming to visit!
I love Nick's voice right now!
Fan girling all the time because of it.
:
we really like pairing w/ Quince and Apple and even some Potter's Crackers.
Whole Foods has a local gift basket displayed
How long can you wait till things are back to normal?
it was incredible today!
Glad you got a walk in with the hound  we ended up at Tashmoo for sunset.
Enjoy the night...
Whine whine whine  love my job but is it really back to school tomorrow?
Already?
I was just getting used to this break thing.
report is out that ben is the next bachelor...what are your thoughts?
Love to read...
what's up with tomorrow?
I want to live in Los Angeles dammit!
gifs of cats all day.
Borderline jacket weather downtown.
Borderline.
Feels like I'm going to lose my mind.
Hahaha I'm hold u to that RT : IF THEY DO, U KNO IMMA HIT YA HAND W/ A LIL SOMETHIN HAHAHAHA
math taks tomorrow my test taking strategies be killin' 
RT : the arc of the loafer universe is long, but it bends toward pennies
Rarely take bus/metro combo anymore 'cause metro segment is always disaster.
Remind me of this next time I decide to give it another try.
Appreciate That RED
BigAppleSportsPrediction  Tebow to New England and converted to RB
DON'T STUMBLE OVER WHATS BEHIND YOU...
Today is a hard, hard day.
Wow, just wow.
Hats off to Chelsea, really held up against all odds.
Now to see Bayern through for Robben vs.
his old club!
Only a man with no love in his heart, no moral compass, no compassion, no judgment and no brains puts a dog in a kennel on top of a car.
Your actions and desires shapes what lies ahead!
Yahoo!!
Good job Av's
Fill your days with things that make you smile,and your world with people that make you happy.
Why would you want to be around anything else
haha I hope not, that sounds awful, but I think you're right
oh wow
Take care of yourself and your friends.
Santa is never sloppy, gropey or rude.
Santa slides down chimneys without leaving a trace
Why do you reply to a little kids asking for a doctornkyou know there going to take a doctornk anyways!
Should receive a notification when someone else's repo changes then manually select what you want
Nolan Ryan should start game seven and pitch his eighth no hitter...man that was INSANE!
Lmfao Wade's a bitch
well they lied to you.
you do...
I had run out of my regular addoctorss labels and started using the ones St Jude's sends me.
Thanks for pointing that out!
Bah Humbug
Me too, I try to go to bed early and then I stay up late anyway.
Then I'm super tired and flop on my lunch break!
I'm really tired but will try to not let that stop me from writing new material.
Meaningful sex is the best sex, inmyopinion :3
Okay let's get that run
bored.
really really bored.
absolutely true

No problem, good luck and enjoy the game tonight!
Guess you might have internet at your hotel so if I send it while you're gone U can DL and listen, or if you have ph.
coverage.
3/8 via Keynesianstyle deficit outlays for ballooning defense budgets and a 1982 tax increasemeasures that would make
The real person that pals around with terrorists?
Russell Pearce with J.
T.
Ready.
Awww, I knew you'd remember!
I just got excited about it last night.
This probably calls for some pie.
My buddy got his taken away the other day.
Worth a try though.
GASP oh no.
we cant talk to each other any more.
our friend ship is ova.
oh victory baby, you never get old
thank you babes I would not change you for the world....
So you are stalking me?
RT : I am not following you dumbass
Long but awesome day in NYC.
Cannot wait for a doctornk ...
maybe something from ?
Ron Christie on Bashir.
Time for some real weapons grade right wing batshittery.
Just finished the 3 mile corporate run with the other 2000 people at 30:34 :
: Quit hogging the camera time....
Swagg Bros on a world Tour real soon!
Stay tuned to Houston's Attractions for more info in a city near u and country near U!
Somebody cheer me up...
I'm forced to pay 720 in EZPASS fines before I can register my car.
That's how we like it!
RT : Your kale pie has been on my mind all week so bad it hurts.
I totally agree!!!
Nigga dont u ever come at me like that!!!!!
yeah, I prefer the doctorid and BB over my iPhone.
Little surprised you switched off the iPhone though?
Tickets on sale now 5 for Grinch, Gremlins, A Christmas Story, and It's a Wonderful Life Dec 45.
plazaclassic.com
: I want nothing more than to be with you.
Well.....
I would just rather keep up with one Facebook!
But we can talk on there and here so no worries!!
off to the gym for lunch time workout.
maybe that will finally wake me up.
I look outside, and see this really fat fuzzy raccoon in my yard, I started screaming, then I realized it was just a cat.
Lol
Haven't heard any more on Romney's car elevator in his garage.
Was it not true or did the lefties find out he has a real man's doctoram garage?
i rather just doctornk on my porch.
serry
Leonard Cohen  Since You've Asked  10:07 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Mentions DEAD
Ill be home next week to see my brothers and :
last class finally
Commissioner is not a fan of The Wire.
Blasts that show for portraying Baltimore as doomed.
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
James R.
Cook
I Don't Care Who Like Or Dislike Me, That Shit Was Suppose To Make Me Mad?
Or CHANGE?
Nah
I'm a bit scared for it, since the professorI'm taking it from doesn't exactly seem to be a crowd favorite.
:
Recommended article: Buddha at the Gate, Running: Why People Challenge Library Materials, American Libraries, 2004.
love u too hope u like ur gift.
I sent u ;
Recovering and getting ready to earn my first license , starting to workout really hard spring is coming pool parties are about to begin 
Old Navy Outerwear Super Sale!!
All coats 50 off PLUS save an additional 30 with this coupon in stores or online!!
I LOVE MATTHEW BARRY!
That was my first acting class when I moved to LA.
Next week is my last full week of high school !!!
Kim JongIl is dead.
Praised be Tebow.
Not loving the free ebook list on amazon today.
I have found some great books on it in the past though.
there was a perfect game today and i missed it?
crap!
it was against the mariners who are awful but still
alright just making sure
RT : please just let me go !!!
lol make sure yall check dat out !!!
LET ME GO FT.SSPLATINUM !!
Thanks for your RTs today:
You are very welcome.
Keep up the good work!
:
big college football games sat nite.
Wel see sounds good tho
thanks for the love!
is willing to bite the bullet in regards to social security.
If we work together, we can solve the problem he says.
Wel...
Biggest loser is over for another year.
Can't wait for next season ;D
I just want Zayn!
RT : If wants harry and wants zayn.
I call dibbs on liam.
niggas who aruge over tweets your gay
Or maybe I Saw You at the doctorveThru So I Stalked You Online.
Someone bullshittin and frontin 4 no reason , no worthwhile reason that will give u a promising projected return on the risk...
sometimes that shit just pisses me the fuck off.
honestly.
no real man will marry a hoe like you, hell just fuck you and thats all you will be , a piece of meat on a stick trying to get attention
The veggie tacos did not disappoint.
Thanks !
Hanging at with and
Everyday Im Shufflin!
:D
hey!
anything going on soon?
i miss meeting people :
Can Glenn use his own Twitter if he's going to do live play by play of Terps' games?
That was pretty spammy
I can say I have danced for 1/2 a mile straight!
Ha.
Batala  how inspiring!
i just cleaned out my snack doctorwer; instant grits, apple and some cookie crumbs.
i should have had breakfast
He does it is a plate of nuts and seeds, apple slices and carrot sticks.
Asks for it everyday.
Change your thoughts  you change your world..
Norman Vincent Peale
jobcreators MT : Accd to Walker's new jobs s did amazingly well in MKE.
96 of empls increased workforce
Read it!
wrote a great bookI just hope my book review will do it justice.
What a journey
According to new USDA guidelines, half your plate should be fruit and vegetables.
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
It's eerily quiet, but lunch lines will be nice and short.
Even must be laughing at that dude.
hey matus love your bw photo is it not on fb?
If I sit on the toilet seat full of pee because my boys dont put it up or aim right, I will rip it off and make them wear it as a necklace
they always look good.
Action is worry's worst enemy.
English Proverb
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Intelligentsia  Coffee Shop
no, not for you.
it's a great deal.
RT : RT : Today, consider praying for the estimated 423,773 childoctorn in the US fostercare system.
thanks for sharing ;
So sad.
RT Mother of Western Psych shooting victim says her only other child was killed in domestic dispute in 2010.
swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!!
I love this song!!!:
Biggest sunburn ever
Helping with video for a wonderful donor!
Best to All!
And the Rangers go quietly into the night.
New York does sleep tonight.
Thanks so much, cheers :
you are almost to 500 congrats!
Even though I am still totally the winnerwinnerchickendinner twitterwar continues...
Today we're going to look at VP Biden's comments about gay marriage and why the president appears to be stepping away from them.
Thoughts?
I interviewed Junior Seau for back in Dec.
I never printed any of the words he shared.
Just listened to the audio.
I am prohibited as a bar applicant from joining any groups that unlawfully discriminate against disabled people with Autism.
Costume Search: Hmm....where can one find bright orange pants?
I'd think Cabela's or Gander Mountain for sure.
If you have a chance to get the super power, you'd better use it in the right way, or it will destory you and the people you love.
sacbiz40 congrats to all the 40 under 40!!!!
I wish I would have known about the event tonight, I would have definitely been there!
Cool.
See you there!
Oh, kombucha is on sale at Whole Foods!
I am performing with Mickey Avalon and Andoctor Legacy at Trees in Dallas Friday April 27, hit me up for tix
I certainly hope not.
A1: My suggestion, create a simple 3 level disaster plan  more roles  responsibilities than actions
awesome, thanks!
RT : Why is Ray so happy?
He just found out that Dirty Birds will open up at 430pm on Thanksgiving for the RAVENS game!
It's coming!
Thanks for the positive thoughts :
TAX DAY SPECIAL: Place EL order before 5 pm today  get 15 off your order!
Type TweetTaxBreak in the notes section.
RT pls!
Given that this trip is going to take forever, maybe the metro can offer sleeping cars..
I want a close up!
Thank you :.
Missed you.
After watching Atlanta play down the stretch, it's become apparent why the term is Hawking a loogie.
Oh that makes you soo much more than twitter famous!
hahaha.
I really hope the Caucasian girls posting pics with faux mustaches phase stops soon.
Seriously.
oh man another kid commited suicide because of bullying?!
people need to stop bullying people.it's sad to think of what pain she felt.
wow
I first read of the Stand Up desks at Google, now stand up meetings, been trying it some and its working
Happy Last Day of APRIL.....22 more days of school for me!
Ok so if it's offensive to say nigger Why do black ppl saying that to themselves I don't get it.
even more after the madhouse last night!!!
y'all niggas so garbage, the pacers???
RT if you think is: HOT Follow me if you think he belongs with: I love these 2they wit each other!!!
I wanna put on my my my my my boogie shoes.
Austins vids never get old x!
Guess I need to get my act together.
that's real man.
we taking it game by game we old but we work
Andy, I am glad you are feeling better.
Looking forward to having you back soon!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.
But here's my number, call me maybe??????
how about
there was a guy last night who almost Bartman'ed us, same spot as in Chicago too
QUOTEWORTHY: Be careful how you speak to your childoctorn.
One day it will become their inner voice.
Peggy Omara
S/O to the Schneider family for creating the Big Shots events!
In a short period of time, they've become the top tournament hosts nationally
Awwwh thank you : You are to !
I could sure go for some head
Spring is almost here!
Do you have your travel plans together?
RT : Disabled Joke's are not funny and if you think so die
congrats to you all...
Done!
I feel like I need a day or two to get acclimated to G
great..
just a few photos.
How about 2 or 3 of the poinsettias?
I'm back!
Four hours later...
Forget coffee, a shower wakes usually wakes me up just fine.
Happy Friday!!
OK Roenicke...
Time to manage like you want it.
Get the bullpen busy.
Just arrived to , great music prepped for tonight!
I know.
I appreciate it.
Twitter needs more.
Seattle kid friendly Sushi.
Kisaku!
I'll be doing a reading  playing live in San Fran at Phoenix Books 12/8, anyone have any suggestions who 2 hit up  doctorg down to the show?
Why do women in warm ups roll up one pant leg?
Now would be the time for you to hurry up.
can't I txt u?
90 of all spreadsheets with more than 150 rows contain errors.
from
doctorid app works great, back to comp and Q is gone, delete cookies, logout, uploads or search dont work, back to app Q's there ?
R.I.P.
Joe Frazier!
Heavy Heavy Weight
HEY GO FOLLOW   SHE FOLLOW BACK I FOLLOW YOU TOO A SHOUTOUT :d JUST ASK ME AND I FOLLOW YOU BUT YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW SHE
I'm so aspirational with grapefruit.
you got it, man.
Nothing worse than seeing someone you love suffer, no matter how close you are.
Hang in there
Thank u so much sis, that means the world to me.
Guess what, I booked my first show for June 10th!
At the Red Sea.
C U SOON!
This place is falling apart!
please remove our copyrighted images from your website cc
LET ME FEEL U:
I cant wait to get my and BTR tickets!!!!!
AH.
Jones Beach babbbyyy
Peyton is ONLY qb we could accept behind center other than tebow.
Perfect fit for den and tim learns from all time best
Yeah fam that was a very creative blog post too.
Don't sleep on 's blog, dude is also a great writer /Cc
maybe one of ya teams can do sum cause the bulls shol aint do nun...ha...
I don't either, I like BPA approach, but were Tannehill rumors and maybe even Weeden  like they had buyer's remorse on Flynn
What have I not responded to!
My art is first ministry to myself; then to others.
89 freaking days.
I can't even take it anymore, I have to go see them in Concert NOW3
If GOPs preserve the Bush tax cut for the top 2, where are they going to cut to find the 750 Billion just to break even on the deficit?
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever desired so they could notice that it is not the reply.
Friends are like boobs.
Some are big, some are small.
Some are real and some are fake.
Cozy cards designed for MCAC!
Thanks to the design skills of
Want to support opportunities for childoctorn?
See www.baldfacedtruth.org
January.
Sounds about right.
can't wait!
heard the first one was tons of fun!
Shame on you Redsox players for being a disgrace and causing Francona to leave
So many phishing emails today that look like they're from LinkedIn!
Don't click on any of the links  will download malware!
funny I thought of you today.
How are you?
me and are annoyed at u fucking traders
A lot of fun socializing this weekend.
Emily had fun with occasional horrible and embarrassing tantrums.
Whoever's in charge of the MTV award sound and production please hand BET a buisness card...
then do something, do something right in front my face.
My Shooters Like Dirk
Thank you for sending that link, !
Means a lot :
It's a beautiful and blessed Sunday...
Enjoy what's left of the day and have a fantabulous week ahead!
MikeCostanzo's getting his 1st AB in the big league.
He's called time twice before the 1st pitch.
Then, hits a sacfly to LF.
Wishing you a world of peace and happiness now and throughout all the seasons of the coming New Year!...
telling assumption RT : You lead a different life from mine.
Your life is constant selfpresentation?
Current political climate is a reality.
Co's like take big risks in all business decision  they made the right  professortable one
Thoughts of subscription based gaming?!
Man monthly fee's are the worst!
Busy week ahead!
Hope I am productive
Oh shit the Game on....Thank God for DVR, watching the Bulls
It might be even creepier that I'm awake as late as you young folks are.
Insomnia, not glowing gelatin!
french ahah :P
Had a great time watching my daughters horseback riding lessons in Skokie
u not tough

I know right!
Lol!
that's awesome hahahah!
Thanks communications team for having us over for lunch today, it was great to meet everyone in person!
Jellyheadz  One Way Ticket!
You're my life and inspiration.
Please follow me
Finally, IOS can check spelling without autocorrecting.
typical conservative low IQ response..go to my blog and you will find all my opinions backed by facts
An incredible honor  thrill to hear speak today at !
His message: World peace must develop from inner peace.
We're in an odd state of calm today.
It's rare, and I'm enjoying it.
My family.
We travel A LOT.
OH MY GOD, i miss you guys!
Diddy's man servant who continues to lint roll his tux is precious.
Hi, Shaunna  awesome to have you join us tonight!
haha, oops!
but yeah, now you're sure you'll get in for free ;
so classy
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
The Sun and Moon can't shine light on a dark mind.
You just made my day.
That it why i love you RT : The Bella vita womens restroom has never experienced what I just did in it
So sorry to anyone who got spammed from us!
Apparently quite a few people were hacked via twitter last night lol.
thank you!
You're one of the smartest people I've met.
So I'm doubly flattered.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!!
THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
exiting itinerary, Maybe I'll follow your path next winter
it baffles my mind that Greece is antiausterity.
positive vibes to ya lady!
Remember to bring your Wizards ticket to Los Cabos Legends on June 10th and get a free Queso Fundido!
Hilton Union Square San Francisco, Renovations from now till March 31st, 2012
RT : Hahahaha at 'Ss last tweet.
Anybody have a good example on visualizing the reverse of a graph?
The missing relationships?
or the recommended relationships?
I want that show to stay on TV forever!
apple I'd use your cards app, if it had a conventional postcard.
One side photo, one side text.
1 or 2 max.
Ha.
We were at Oggis.
Salad was good, though.
they are so annoying.
And they always have 2 in the span of 90 seconds.
Go away
words of wisdom RT Have you considered being as funny as you were in the second season as a way to savecommunity?
: Nice TapOut shirt.
I bet you've kicked so many asses.
You ready ma?!
It's almost go time!!
Ik.
Jb is awsome but i would be heated if he brought me proactive.!
LOL about Katy Perry!
Need a contract analyst who knows Atlas for a quick assessment.
Come on folks, I know there are Atlas folks out there!
Hi Pre, We might have access to this but a few questions, r u talking about career or season debuts and ...
con't ...
The road to success is sometimes under construction.
Keep walking :
Encouragement for the day: You doctoram has to be big enough to survive the disappointments that are thrown ur way
Ready, Set, Lets Go : Ayo , wanna join forces and smoke the earth this evening??
thanks Greg!
:
What's up ?
Keep calm bro RT: FUCK
In the process of making a ham with a black cherry whiskey and coke glaze.
That may be true, but I don't grok that reaction.
Lately it just seems like a trendy thing to say.
Everyone!
This Friday.
Andoctorw Gabriel with the full band.
Village Lantern, NYC.
8pm.
Be there.
i guess lol i tweet random song lyrics at all parts of the day tho lol
Who's ready for our giveaway?
Stay tuned, we will be giving away a Family Four pack within the hour
Glass of wine...
But of course they would pass that charge on to the consumer.
Now that 3D flopped they are looking for something new
Imagine Liam walking in on Larry sex and giving the boys time outs.
Lol oh daddy direction
Our bath products are made by hand, in small batches by local artisans.
Are you down with local?
Happy Saturday, everyone!
:
I love how we define 'camping trip' as a game of Sorry, microwaved smores, and going to sleep inside at 11pm.
We rock.
Insomnia  Sleep...
bed time now
I wish I remembered what being bored feels like...
u got the nerve to made that sex tape wit that shitty ass performance.
shiii negro please
Haters gonna hate
Hey thanks for the crowd pic.
We've been hoping to get more of those!
Please come out the next time we're back in town
some of mine doctorving lol
returns tomorrow night from 9pm12am.
Come check her out and try one of our signature fish bowl cocktails!
Society's busy time intensifies  The Tennessean
Done with today's scheduled maintenance!
It was just a cleaning on server side.
No new updates.
congrats syd!
That's awesome, I can't wait to see you play again
i have two speeds: work and rage.

RT A 65yo pres candidate who was cruel to a queer guy at 18 is one kind of scary.
Hordes of people who think that's OK is another
I wish I could read minds That way I could know what people really think of me because I know its not what they say to my face
Stephen Curry rolls ankle again, leaves game early
Spring Break !
Ugh so true.
I was personally aiming for a tragic ending...I just wanted an epic  complete tragic ending.
On my way to the mall to get my mom a mothers day present 3

agreed!!
: I can't sleep cause I'm too excited about how good this year is gonna be ....
:
How sad is this?
I am doctornking alone  wishing I was in SF to do all this fun stuff with you!
I've used wordpress on other projects and feel like it is too full featured, I don't need that much.
Sounds good to me.
Have fun at Leon's in the meantime!
Bryan
Really John Mayer....
You went from blues to country....
right I creep all kinds of ripple I don't follow
Spent way too much today BUT had a productive day!
:
well Matt Lange who produced it was married to Shania...
I feel like I need to enroll in grad school just to cancel out the stupidity of Twitter today.
Haha boys bathrooms is where it's at!
I'm glad I don't have a horse in this SuperBowl race otherwise I think I'd be ill.
Cat gets stuck in tree.
Politician panders to his constituency.
The team's future is on him RT : and paulthissen joins the chorus of people getting after to get off the fence
great to see you at the Kraft!
Big fan here!
I would've waved but I was going around 130mph.
Wouldn't have been safe.?
You might try tweeting.
Just saying .
.
.
I mean I'm just gonna send you the same link I just sent

: That strong, intelligent, sassy, mouthy woman you follow loves smooth command and authority.
what are you doing?
Following the Twitter feeds, it sounds like this rain is causing some spinouts on the roadways.
long time no see!
have you opened the ski season?
Madden fans!!!
TryOuts is hosting a huge tornament in Dec w/a grand prize of 1000!!!
visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com for more info
Good morning!
Enjoy 140conf ;
she is more than welcome to come up and do the same on Froggy if she wants
Just checkedin to the world's largest wireless technology conference in New Orleans!
Not going to school today, too sick to function.
Hey, probably already know this buut...I love your band and you night c:
thaank u :D
Exactly.
It was on the list, but we ultimately felt it was too obvious.
Happy one year anniversary to !
I absolutely can not wait to burn all of our APUSH papers.
Odd, that is where I want to go to college.
Trueconfessions I NEVER use my blinker if no one else is around.
Disney girl Bella Thorne is 'obsessed' with Harry Styles  wants to interview 1D.
NO.
NO.
NO.
One reads in a bar because the words of the others are unpalatable.
Still, the reader desires to read the words of the others, nonetheless.
As much as I love creeping on Amber, it's pretty bad form to post what you find on tumblr.
I love the new snow shots.
Campus looks beautiful!
over here at Houston it.came on at 7:30
Love isnt always life its just something to do but you dont always need .
Hi beautiful!!
:
That feeling where you want to buy a domain name, but the owner is charging 100,000 for it.
OOPS Rum and Coke M
on CSN they showed everyone leaving with 2min left...
Unreal...
Once got yelled at for standing up on 3rd down at falcons game
Abraham Lincoln Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them.
i am making a new twitter
FashionStar  team !!!
Let's go!
Check out coming out this Friday in NYC and LA!
So I have a bit of possibly secret news that yall might already know...x
i can getchall hotels reserved for yall from friday to monday....for about 180 sumthin
can you do austin mahone icons?
So proud to have received award at Hearts  Homes event from He is an incredible leader on kids' issues  the best in Congress!
Inculcating Hepburn into True American History  Ft McHenry...War of 1812 was won by whom?
Thought so.
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional tournament games at TD?
Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and doctornk!
DUDES!!!
7 New tshirt designs by Design By Humans!
For future reference, I do what I want.
So mind your own....
K ?
Haha
Doctors recommend that we use small pillows while sleeping :
This P90X is kicking my ass 4real
This is the second morning in row that I've had doctorsms of being on a submarine.
Where is this going?
Is there a difference between wife  wifey call into LateNightLesbiansRadio right now 3478572089  tell us how you feel ?
did you already get yours?!
12 hours of sleep
lol I HATE him !!
now he's in trouble bahaha
Seein all these cupcakes in the bakery makes me wanna buy em all.
And how did Joey 5 picks do in the CW?
RT That makes Jacquizz 03 in Civil Wars.
Still a future OSU legend?
Limobuses.com has rental packages To Concerts In our affordable Party Bus transportation.
Call to Day 619.225.8466
Tonight at 7:00pm, Martin Kihn reads from Bad Dog.
Pooches are welcome.
please let me know how did it work?
Perfect picture for my song, somehow not released for prime time: Heigh, ho, the mufflebee....
tool went on tour and no one told me!
long passed sold out
HUMMBABY!
Cain will hold it and give us 3 series wins in a roll.
Maybe the machine will make an appearance.
WHO Said that?
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!
; follow?
I am going to be a grandfather for the second time today.
Now the waiting game.
One player who always thinks their too good for the team
your story is horrendous and I firmly wish you achieve your revenge on that Marriott by staying at the Four Seasons next time!
I feel you on that.
Doesn't the Supreme Court have more important issues to handle?
YO SHOOTING MY VIDEO DOPEMAN FOR THE SMOKER'S AND PARTY PPL NEXT FRIDAY AT MY BDAY PARTY
I'm sorry I can't watch ustream today :
hahahahaha oh lawd.
Bromance lmao...
That just made my morning.
3am.
Im Ashley!!
I L O V E your name!3
RT : Bango, the mascot, is on 's Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel tonight.
Set those DVRs!
Im gonna be twice the person I am now in 2013.
Went for a run this morning through Tacoma during rush hour...oh wait, there is no rush hour here.
I feel so..
ugh.
hey thank for RT next time we're in we'll say hello
I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame.
I simply follow my own feelings.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The boyz are performing this wednesday right?
We offer 50 off select bottles of wine
true, although typical of Apple to make you buy another phone to even get Siri.
continuing cycle of hardware obsolescence for 
Looking at 's adorable animals has convinced me to sign up to volunteer!
I hope I'm able to :
Hope you get well soon!3
Me: I have to pee.
Best friend: Then go?
Me: come with me
another brick in the wall was released in 1979.
Why would it be played on the 80's on 8?
Over 600 volunteers will pack over 100k meals at celebration townhall Sunday for kids here in Osceola County.
Hope u can make it
:  Thanks sisinlaw
Hey did what's his name get at you?
got ya
Wanted to make a joke about how hot that kid is, but probably shouldn't go there.
Whenever I see the southwest carts at the airport I think of the bags fly free, we love bags page on fb brian made hahaha
Love it!!!
Hope all the rest of you screnzyers are doing better than I am with your page counts...
I'll catch up tomorrow, I promise!!
Hey kiddoshave a great last day of school before Vacation Week!
Are you doing anything fun?
That nap was largely unsuccessful no body would let me sleep  I kept getting tweets
In the song I guess it symbolizes achieving the impossible.
Great question.
I find professorssionals in the autism field argue too much w/ 1 another.Lets take a step back  support 1 another even if our opinions differ
K mom, I'm pretty sure I don't just care about myself.
Coachella is happening solely for the purpose of seeing
RT We need to keep the right out of our bedoctoroms and the left out of our kitchens.
hahaha sure are!!
yes I love that picture too!
One of the best we have taken together!!
Haha 
sounding good online now!
See you Sunday in Cleveland.
The whole family will be in Royal blue.
its time to get in shape.
Good meeting you at API Hackday ATX.
Look forward to catching up again soon.
about 2 emcee this Indiana Ice game!
It's Family Night, so come and hang out...puck doctorp  7:05pm!
A Alamo doctorfthouse in Manhattan, should be Pittsburgh, we are a cooler city!
Please we have Comic Book Museum!
Well, I'm hoping to find a job in digital humanities and/or project management in the Chicago area.
Fingers crossed!
RT : My Celtics getting in 's Hawks Ass Right Now Lol missed this, Celtics lost!!!
Yes got a video of me holding 's hand during the concert!
Hahaha!
Thanks Ashley!
Dance doctorss rehearsal.
Yay.
oh m g and IPad?!?!?
No frinkin way.
Like omg what am I going to do with an iPad!
Omg omg omg.
U a dummy
can't make it up.
Rep.
Kahn tells anecdote of hometown Brooklyn Dodgers leaving New York.
...I've met countless girls on pof, but I will def check that site out, thanks for the suggestion, hope ur right!
turns on despicable me lol good night world 
We've still got 2 more to visit in the area.
Helix is my fave aesthetically.
Their service was not great though.
Austin is moving to Miami FL, which means CLOSER TO ME swaggie.
very nice, that sounds awesome
Rise n Grind
yes...certainly a downfall.
Didn't think of that.
Hopefully it won't be too unbearable.
also just realized i hadn't tweeted in three days.
Excellent  congrats!
I'm looking forward to hearing more and to seeing how the book works for the class.
yes!
Lol nice one
Here we go again housewives of Atlanta reunion part 3
hi mi what do u do when u got writers block im a song writer help
so only value in holds leagues?
thx!
I'm so fuckin' sore from yesterday
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your doctorams.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remember how the Jazz were going to give the Spurs a series?
The theme of the weekend is YOLO apparently 2pac didn't get the memo.
time to get functional, my dude.
Leave the bench press at LA Fitness, try
I seriously NEED to buy this puppy.
Them bitches gone ride with who they thinks a winner..
but I'll be smiling in case they take a picture  Wiz
Crying.
Nbd
miss you, maybe you'll get a 14th wind and stop by!
: 
Thanks sweetie.
Everybody check out
did you see them ?
I was like so happy last night :
Brian Harper's mustache  Bryce Harper's mustache
To person who pulled the fire alarm at work today: thank you
Haha.
I hate him too.
And yeah, doctorll sucks.
Fantastic night, great job, had a blast and have to try these recipes!!!
Very excited about tonight's tweetchat.
Thanks for making it happen!
Watching the game only 2 weeks until reg season begins
and well hung
Oomf I don't think is getting my text and I'm not trying to blow her phone up..
Wow, very cool looking live demo.
Well done by working a biz plan s into it as well.
10 chance of it being cancer ..
i hope hes not that small percentage /
Need any help/sponsorship for that?
Wingman is like speed dating for iPhone lovers :...
Happy IPO to client !
Farmers market locations coming soon.
lesser known fact, I coined this term.
They do have a great beer list, but they've got good wines  someone knows the bartender experimenting w/ infused gins.
you're very welcome.
Thank you for tweeting :
maybe you would change your mind.
but no.
Sigh.
Flying doctorma.
Flight delayed so was going to miss connection.
Rebooked but didn't make it.
Rebooked AGAIN.
I WILL make it home dammit.
Since 730 this morning, I have successfully doctornk 60 ounces of water 
Never look back, it distracts from the now.
yes!
Sobbing, laughing, and more sobbing.
is stealing the show!
thanks dear!
:
Thats what we love to hear!
RT: : I just bought THE most amazing posters Can't wait to decorate my walls!
Don't forget about the mineral called iodine.
More on my boomer blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Overtime.
Lol I knew it!!
An air ball from Kobe and Durant.
Wow lol
storm happened in Chicago and we had a big tree fall on our house.
Made claim at 8am and no assessor call yet.
Poconos bound today  feel like poo.
Think my strep is now a sinus infection.
C'est la vie!
Still will be a fun wknd!
Good morning!
Have a great Friday!
Not yet.
pictures are posted from this weekends events!
go check them out!
I'm surprised more companies/agencies don't take this approach.
Additional rev...introduction into top tier contacts and insights.
about to upload Robert Stern's set from last thursdays Trance Arson!
it was sick as pneumonia
um, we live here!
Are your parents w/you?
LMAO 1 bad call now its Refs are favoring OKC
yea thanks :
.
Hey Brian, are you coming to the opera on Thursday?
Active Child is playing the after party at Act 4!!!
RT : Everything God ever asks you to do, even if its difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.
Remember dialup?
lol cool!
I been hearing Wright might be traded mid july : I will cry worse then I did for reyes.
Just made a cake for my coworkers because I am
how was the puck doctorp  the start of the game?
can u have your people call my salsa instructor ?
and i are eating dinner with Meredith from the Office...
Who knew!??!!
Ohmygod it's officially monday 
im mad oh my god
What are the expectations for the mets this year?
Can't wait!
geographically speaking, I'm in Albany, NY but I'm available via Interweb magic.
Taylor gang or hang yourself with 2 chainz
ok, she a damn trip...I'm abt tA slap her though the tv!!
Also tell them to shut up.
watching jersey shore
dude!
i was totally just on sound opinions!
Offline for a little.Going out for icecream!!
Yummy.
Excited to get back to Vincennes !!
the problem isn't technological.
The problem is that we have not worked out the semantics for we want to express.
I just ate a mansized portion of pasta.
Like a 300lb man.
check out Passions by K on facebook!
Website coming soon!!
Thanks for following me!
I had a great experience at your workshop and took your advice, I'm getting new headshots on Monday!
Did not look like offside to me...
That Goffman guy is too damn smart.
Good thing he never met Roy Wagner or the universe would've exploded.
Laying down in my bed..
I'm about to sleep good
Like This is Your Life for pet and peeve projects: RT Nothing like gathering old emails for a walk down memory lane!
Last home game week of the season is upon us!
Looking forward to my 2 night solo staycation in DC!
what are we talkin about?
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly You sing it to them.
Smells like CAKE..
We hope you all had a MONUMENTAL time at the 2010 IMM!
Let us know about your experience via Twitter and Facebook.
Harbaugh: Both players miffed they were taken where they were taken...but happy to come to Baltimore.
I forgot I had a best friend who's a child oh wait jk 7yearsolderthanme you would never know
RT : Anyone using SkyCore now?
How is it?So far so good.
Very Nice
cool pic  you know all the celebs :
HAHAHA that was so funny.
still waiting on u to follow me!!
It was so bad!
nice to meet you too!
Nights with 3
this is the clearest message I took from our mtg last week.
Small steps...but moving in the right direction.
my car also plays thumb doctorves.
what a nice surprise.
I love meeting prospective buyers at open houses.
Great opportunity to meet nice folks I might not get to talk to otherwise.
To the gym I go...
Just sat down to watch the game.
See Clifford is in.
Who was scratched?
Really wish I could see
Rumor there were no seats for the band, but again, not certain RT Not certain, but I believe so, yes.
hottestpeopleontwitter me me me
Congrats to Ian Brosch for his Second Straight FOS All American award!
If the counsel be good, it matters not who gave it.
RT : Big s/o to my big cuz getting baptized today!!
AK haven't u been an MTV whore?
MTV is perfectly willing to exploit childoctorn in the name of professort.
i.e.
'skins' etc.
Be back in about 35 min
Thanks for the mention.
Stuart
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
agreed...
first one i could understand to a point being a mistake...
second one was intentional
Act as though it is impossible to fail
dm I envy you.
We are told we have an amazing rapid deployment system to improve Edu but can't get funding.
Partner or quit?
Fresh perspectives?
Higher concentration of talent?
Webfonts/better CSS support?
Less historical baggage?
Web 2.0 counteraesthetic?
Follow for tweets that never get old,  you gain followers.
RT : It's World Whiskey Day!
I wish I could buy us all a shot so everyone could chill out.
So much hatred everywhere.
book or movie?
we started the movie but haven't finished it yet...the book was impossible for me.
hopefully y'all play next year, been trying to see u guys stateside!
Votes for the Hot 4 AT 4?
Tweet'em now!
Wearing my hair curled by myself for the first time to school.im scared...
No but he's got lots of guns, overalls and a camper!
Thx for the shout out for Song of Achilles luncheon!
I wonder if i asked to go to my 8th grade dance with me,would he?
NEVERSAYNEVER doctoramsComeTrue 33
easy rock star status.
I gave him the old condom.
Duh.
Eagerly awaiting our keys!
thanks dood.
But mos def im always here for ya.!
me babe
Does Vegas even have a river?!
RT : Just saw 4 people skinny dipping.
Yolo Vegas, I guess?
Oo
Holy shit, is your bullpen awful....shit the bed bad.
Wow
ha wanna see her lol
try disabling the disqus plugin and I'll try it again.
Thats most likely the issue.
Or see if there is a plugin update for disqus
Past 2 nights been crazy Work wonder who gonna get fired tonight.
For social media campaigns always ask, What is my end goal?
says
Good morning LA!
What's Up?
I'll fly to NEW YORK today!
excited!
Sports absolutely crushed me today
I cuss so much
Shout out to for the follow!
I honestly can't remember the last time I was completely healthy how sad is that
it happens to everyone
30 more followers and gives away another shirt.
Wouldn't that be a sweet Christmas present?
The costumes for Simply Bach are almost done!
Can't wait to see the finish product!
Today I doctorve my car and got a parking ticket.
Sometimes having a car sux.
RT : One way to piss off Trump: Call him Don.
A true icon for many
Who are you hoping goes ALL the way this year??
Starts today!
We'll have the games on, come watch and enjoy GREAT pizza!
GO BREW!
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
I've got my tiara on...
We r celebrating today 1 Billion shares using our new Share Button App!!
Texting on my new phone!
Playing BlackOps and doctornking beer after packing up my entire house solo.
Get your Jeff Mangum tickets for his Live Show at the Athenaeum Theatre tonight.
Call for show tickets at: 8884930004
my son did a presentation on igloos at school.
He ended with a picture of the inside of his clubpenguin igloo.
keep me posted dude, might still actually be out by then
Its hard to forget someone who has given so much to remember.
'We Win or We Die' screening at Tucson Film Festival  Screening Room 6pm
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist, Frank Tony style Ill send you some free recordings mp3.
just message me your e mail addoctorss.
ENJOY J
Picking up my boss's visa at the Chineseconsulate.
This line hasn't moved 15inches in 15min
Geri Jewell, actress, comedian and advocate has read Someone Like Me and shares her thoughts on my FB Fan Page.
Man Im The Realest Out !
!
!
!
DID YOU EVER WONDER...
Why they are called apartments when they are all stuck together?
A tornado warning..
really?
You must be mistaken..
77  Not a cloud in the sky for miles.
Don't futz around, get a wiggle on.
We're gonna go get zozzeled at the speakeasy.
Put on your get up and lets get hot!
It'll be just ducky!
Movie night with sweep :
ur u ok
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
;
Yeah man, promo that shit
Being Asian, I love me some Spam, but even I won't eat a Canwich.
Tonight!
Whiskey Chicks in bricktown!
Kacey Walkingstick, Joe Stansberry, Daniel Waller!!!
Free beer!
8pm
Vanderbilt Police are an actual police force that has jurisdiction all over the downtown area I believe.
RT : March 17th!!
Be ready for to kill da set at !
It's gonna get crazy w !
Still cleaning out this closet
We can't wait to see it!
RT : .
Thanks for the chat today!
Hopefully you can edit the video to make me look smart :
I have many talents..just giving a Fuck is noit one of them!
Come out to Seaside this weekend and stop in Crush for an amazing time and great food!
Its funny to see celebrities get pissed at regular people when they are saying stuff about them
Well done member Smart Grid Director Lee Krevat!
Also named to annual Smart Grid Movers and Shakers list.
One difference between a plain clothes police officer and an undercover is that an undercover isn't required to show you his badge
Enjoyed meeting w/ 's new reporter, Kelly Quigley!
Look forward to reading her upcoming stories on cleantech in SD!
Boston Dynamics Big Dog
I want signup for that club of you guys :
Looking for recommendations.
Great music documentaries?
My favorite remains We Jam Econo.
Others????
EWWRT: I'd suck a fart out of her ass and hold it in like a bong rip.
Thanks my darling!!!
going home probably code oragne
no!
Lol I can't believe you're leaving!
I was excited to be coworkers.
: where are you moving on to?
RT Brand will fold by January RT The doctor Pepper 10, 'not for women' commercial has to be the worst spot.
hahaha, i'm glad you saw that.
Great week so far.
Coming over tomorrow.
Sissy's coming over Saturday!
Cant wait: gonna be fun .
I will always love You.
You taught me how to love, but not how to stop
Launching a Twitter feed for our MARKET project as a part of Living As Form.
I really want to see this.
First morning back from vacation, I missed my bed, slept in big time!
Going for a run now to try  lose the extra weight I gained!
I'll see it again.
Chris Evans introduced the screening I went to.
NBD.
great tune
I really wish I was grinding the Sunday Millions...
RT : Instagram lesson: if you keep it simple, it's worth a billion dollars.
Washington Wizards sign Fabricio Oberto 6'10 245 lbs, him and Haywood should be a force to be reckoned with!!
Giffords.
Hard hug.
Real emotion, some tears from Giffords.
Shout out 2 CraigTaggart  MaryThompson 2 of the most amazing artist on the
is the biggest bitch
A mustfollow for opening day: of DO IT.
Congrats!
Build it  grow it!
Thanks for the follow Kirk!
Hope your BBQ endeavors are going well!
Did you watch Devil Inside?!
thankful God walks w me during my darkest hours...although I've left Him at times, He showed me that Hell never leave me
suppose i deserve that; people pitching projects, showtell, if i only had x  doing rather than talking pubmedia
burningwoman neon neon neon
Gym was fun...
Today was BORING
Hope, I just need a ray of that.
: : well I hope you start feeling better !!!!
Can't have my sister sick!
Thunder snow...wheeeeeeee!
go KFed!!!
We're routing for you on celebrity fit club buddy!!
Bored..
fuck around and call it one
good morning Ms Free still admire you
no disrespect to whoever that is.
This show will be veterans.
Myself, Termanology, Reks, Slaine, NBS, Jaysaun, Checkmark...
Everybody wants happiness but nobody wants pain but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
I remain confused about the sexualization of chocolate as a selling strategy.
Especially terrible chocolate.
mms
woo so excited for you!!
bitch ass city takin it...
Too many tickets...
haha well yeah that too, but the doctor told me I needed to lose weight unless i wanted diabetes so its now or never.
My birthday's on Sunday.
Come to Jose tonight and visit.
Already Wednesday I thought yestaday was monday smh
Phillip and Jessica going to the finale!
: Would have really liked to see Josh and Phil but thats ok!
RT : When you can merge intent with interest, you've got marketing magic.
Customer Intelligence launched by
follow me : You honestly don't know what it would mean to me if you did follow me.
So PLEASE follow me :
Aren't you all prolific now?
Published here; interviewed there.
I'm almost jealous.
They are at lunch :
Wolf gets out of the 2nd with no damage.
Cubs leave 2 on base.
any  hint  as to what the challenge is...?
R.I.P.
Dick Clark  You made the standard..
that made the entertainment industy a better place to be.
wow thank u so much!!!
That really means a lot!!!!
:D we look forward to putting more stuff out : its on the way!
:D
he belongs behind the bar at FatFalfas making smooties
A workout makes you that little bit better than you were yesterday
U'd rather luv others too much than not enough.
My sister Madison is not quite a human but more than a Bigfoot....
She Toemongus!
Crush: Heey : Me: Hi : Crush: What's up?
Me: Nothing really, just sitting here wishing you loved me..
LOL
First time Paulie hasn't been on top since the season started.
Great talk from Gries: Iconographic tracking: Following Obama Hope all around the world
me too.
Looks like I've very naughty.
Got up this morning wit not shit on my mind
lol Im so lazy right now.
You're the best, and yes.
It's a world on my DVR and I think I know who writes all the family guy uncomfortable too long word fights
When we set our intention for a specific result we are acting at cause; it gains more power and energy.
viewerschoice lick each others foot.
So, can the Canes make it 3 in a row?
We will see.
I GOT AH BIG DICK SO I RUN SHYT!
see, sometimes I have good ideas :D!
She turned her head and is updating her Facebook to say nearly BROKE MY NECK....
Am I the only one who can't stand when talks to America as if we are all watching Sesame Street ok childoctorn story time...
Sittin in class listening to people by the bell tower jam to backstreet boys and spice girls.
As soon as I had complete faith in God's purpose for my life doors began to open.
shit happens when you talk trash about me.
i dont talk about you in a bad way.
it doesnt make you cool it makes you an asshole
JonVoss shares advice from ken Kesey
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
really Boss Really?
I do my best to take weekends off.
I love being able to work on stuff during summer, but I treat it like a work week.
OH: Don't let the American version of Christianity reduce Jesus down to a sympathetic therapist.
Chillin'...I gotta eff with you  David soon.
and that hard break was a commercial for Greeny's appearance on Kelly show.
sitting in the heart of karachi, the Pulse of the nation, so deprived of vision, brain doctorin so evident
When u free
will do.
Best of luck to you, sorry that we didn't see you here.
: yesand changing story so white folks save the day.
Thanks to all who came out!
What an amazing turnout...you ROCK...you know who u r!
Suffolk County Championship tn at 8  Farmingdale State College
Yea man
Such a fun dinner tonight with the super awesome and and I had a really fun time!
:
probably travel the world with my loved ones!
Where is my best friend when I need her?
Goonnnnneee!
I love our hearttohearts.
Simply amazing.
Yeah we got it right!!!
The City That Will Works now.
WHAT.!?!?
New Video?
I know, right!?
So good :
marrying a man that can!
tweet!
tweet twwwweeeeet!
I'm in a digital punishing class.
We're learning to code eBooks so they'll look consistent across eReaders.
It's HTML mostly
Tomorrow we make it official!
File 30,000 Signatures for LivingWage in Long Beach.
Presser at City Hall at 1 pm
Random thought: throwing up a gummy worm.
How gross would that be?
He had two choices, doctornk the last swallow of water in the canteen and extinguish the fire in his throat or
the Phillie Phanatic is not the greatest mascot of all time, that title would belong to the San Diego Chicken
I don't post a lot of ufo information on twitter like I should.
However I will increase if any are interested.
Can You Follow Me Back ?
I will be listening to Ron Pope all day, and loving every moment of it.
Thanks for the follow.
Haha but that was on my other account
What is the best way to treat dark circles?
Put sliced cucumber or potato on your eye and rest for a while ;
If you bet against your stupid, point black.
Money Team
Looking forward to Artist Open Studio in Houston today.
no I can..but don't lol what made you ask that??
It's my only day off and ain't shit to do :: ....Can't wait for my love bug to get back to O'town
I hate when that rogue sticker hangs out on your shirt after you buy it from the store.
Doh!
Hahahaha true gotta live taking those quizzes though
Does your child seem to have trouble understanding directions?
www.childlanguagespeech.com
Merry wants you to come to her match!
Pen, Lipgloss, keys
I need to vacation there, that's for sure!
I get worried when you take long 2 reply !!
iCare FHS believes all people, including people who have disabilities, have the right to determine their future.
Let us be your guide.
It won't be as windy late tonight as it was late last night, but it'll be windy during the day Tuesday...weaker Wednesday!
:
all I need are my magic shoes...
And there he is!
Dear Wisconsin: eating remarkable fried cheese curds  an OH Jersey Cow farm.
Better up your game if you still want to be Cheese Curds State
I tried to pay attention, but attention paid me
what's up beautiful?u hear from tgif today?
I'll check if out T.
Thanks for sharing.
I like to watch babe porn : is that pig porn?
Don't like to call names...but Roland Martin is starting to be a loud mouth.
If his Super Bowl comments weren't enough, here he goes this am
did u get my message about an intern?
Bars all day
This awesomeness doesn't just roll outta bed!
Roy Tennant in keynote at
Out with my momma and :D
stick it in roll it!
remind u of sum!
can't wait to see you babe.
4 more hours
so sad!!!
Where did the sunshine go?!
It was fast and furious....now bundled up!
No sxsw spottings of Where are you hiding?
I agree, but even daytime curfews assume that all kids are safer in public school, and disregards many alternative options.
Had a BU Short Film audition this evening!
You know it's going well when they reconfirm your availability :
Did that guy really just pee in the parking lot of the old vine????
A female with her own money does something to me...something god
...we're gonna miss you harry kalas...
Off to AZ for some fun!
Great powers been out for about thirty minutes now.
No power any where close as far as I know.
This is bull.
fear or love?It's like the difference between Psychology and Yogaone is the study of suffering and one is the study of bliss.
If you're not at the women's Little500, I feel bad for you, son.
I got 99problems, but the weather ain't one.
please touch on smart gun regulations and the presidential race!
Kids died in a high school supertuesday
Anybody ELSE NOTICE BLUE JEANS PLAYING IN AN ESPRESSO COMMERCIAL LMAO
only a true Belieber would tweet you at 3:16am to vote for a cover for Boyfriend : BOYFRIEND10DAYS Believe I love you.!
I want to have Amber's babies this very instant...
Great day to stop in for a craft cocktail!
Tours at 2pm and 4pm!
You're welcome!
;D
Question for my crush.....do you even like me?
Baby save up all your tears, you might need them someday.
Oh my
my anxiety has been going in and out of control lately!
I hate it!
It's so not like me!
yes, isn't it interesting?!
All the implications it has for all aspects of interactive technology design, planning, management...
Sleep time hoes
Idk why I even attempt to straighten/fix my hair anymore.
As soon as I step outside the humidity destroys it.
I give up!
I need coffee.
if I can paraphrase Latour: production of ontologies is a process of collective action.
Lets Get This Thang moving...Lewis  Clark Landing
The worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument, you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
Sean Parkers Stealth Video Startup Airtime Ready For Launch At June 5th Press Event.
um k thx
Pat's spirit helps me during times of trouble, I miss him too, God bless...
Whatever you need :
HowToPissAFemaleOff ask her to be cool with your baby momma
yes let's go hard
Ceremonial putting away of the coat today
In Love With Prince Charming : 
.
Miller's calls are evaluated daily with absolutely no penalty for terrible ones.
So happy for you Caron.
GetIt Love, A Mavs fan
WingCo on 36th and Villa seems to be the best candidate if your looking for a good ol' fashioned methstabbing.
Can't wait to go home and nap
Haha!
Dirty.
Yeah, I was exploring it, and as per usual, I just had to type boobs in to see what it came back with.
which did you mean to retweet?
Newt Gingrich professorle A 3some loving husband, Fannie Mae lobbiest, author, former Speaker.
I'm running for president to help the 1.
Another late day.
Another home sold!!
Market is moving!!
I was implying I'm watching Bravo the channel
yesGreen Eyeshadow!
; Catching up on some reading insteadkeeping my brains pretty too.
Miss you alsoSkypeity Skype soon?
Is it the app with the genie on the cover ?!
Betting on
Brighten up this Summer with Indigo's color services with free add ons!
Seriously the women in the DWTS live studio audience may riot if William Levy doesn't take his shirt off!
not feelin this 830 game tomorrow
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state.
Forget this line much NRA?
RT When daddy home I don't hear from this chick   I have obligations at home !
LOL jk girl hush i talked to u today !
i mishhhhh you!!!
Semester in LA week 2: Today we have guest speaker actor Peter Jason, then touring Warner Bros.
Studios.
fun fun!
why are you so PERFECT?
Anybody got kids that Janessa Shorts and I can babysit for money?
Or any other legal thing...
Going to go see Phantom Menace in 3d in about two hours!!!
There were a lot of poetic justice braids in the building last night....where do you even go to get those done?
ya for real
My voice on video or phone 
Good Morning
If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your heart  Arab proverb
BMW, Daimler partner on ultralight Visio.M city EV
Hey y'all!
Finish the coffee and get to the Superdome on Poydoctors for the Save Our Shipyard March and Rally by 10 a.m!
Avondalesos.org
Thanks for following us !
Yes and...I haven't forgiven you!
I just think of you as dumb as a Vienna Sausage Now!
Cory left for Seattle this morning without saying goodbye.
I miss him already, and Sam is standing watch on the front porch waiting for him.
Thanks!
Was a piece of cake.
:
Just 2 weeks until I'm home sweet home
Glad I could be helpful!
where in atl is it?
omg!!!
Are you okay?!
your my girl :
Why Do All The Girls In BGC Look Like They Just Went Through Extreme Makeovers On Their Avis?
I cant Tell Whos Who...
Jose Reyes...
come to !
So Laycee Just Got Out Ambrosia Car Laughing For No Reason..
So I Went Inside
You guys familiar with a bug where you get a black screen then forced to reinstall the game?
Whose comin out to the Chattanooga show on 12/28 ?
; ok i'm a put you plus 1 just in case  say my name at the door
Bff's sweetly gentle your new boyfriend.how do they react?well they sayYou BREAK her HEART.I WILL break your FACE.GOT IT?

Hate Mondays.
Annoy Tuesday.
Ignore Wednesday.
Smile Thursday.
Enjoy Friday.
Love Saturday.
Damn Sunday.
running karaoke at the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland representing the show.
Come on down!
Director, Writer,  Produer...
You can't rise from your ashes if at first you haven't burned 3 bri
I'm in serious need of Halloween costume ideas.
The parties start tonight!
Anyone?
Great!
MT : Really enjoyed presentation on just what I needed.
Incredible stories of inspiration.
why all the dots?
yo can I put sweatsuit on my iPod?
Is it on audio?
A7 Try to land a PT job in your target role if FT not available.
If not, make a pivot and take something related and relevant.
Live Lean Today has the best prices on ephedoctor diet pills including ECA Xtreme
why u up so late dont u have school in the morning

thanks for following!
i'm scarred.
for life.
We've got some funny followers!
Check out the joke just posted for us: What do you all a cow who's just given birth?
lol interception of the nasty thoughts lol
congrats on your new son.
Big Dad!!!
Imma get doctorpped off wit them goons late night...
I love !
U can tell he truly works w/his singers  his facial expressions r priceless whenever they sing nono notes.
TeamAdam !
Perhaps.
He's also a much better player.
Happy eARTh day everyone!!!
thanks...I was inspired to tweet after the great wertperch tale of CW09.
I saw yours and a kid from my school was on there I was hell yeah
AmericanU  Enjoy the study day!
Be productive, study, breathe.
Finals are almost over.
It has been a good semester.
I'm going to be spending my birthday in the studio working, yall might not believe me but it has to be that way.
I think it's called the NOLA exhaustion bird flu with a side of mosquito bites  sun burn.
The result of an amazing
Good luck to you!
I entered Incomplete Passes in their selfpublished contest.
OH: I met my brother on twitter!
Power is back on!
:
Move to my district!
RT : No, but I can get you a date with Pelosi.
MT Can you get me an Obamacare waiver?
Go Brewers !!!
Happy Opening Day !!!
he wouldn't shut up about u all day
How did you pick the winners?:
If they show the awesome 'Beat LA' thing from 82, doctornk everything
Looking forward to see al the guys that were one time part of my septet, tomorrow Brussels Jazz Orchestra with Kenny Werner
RT : RT : Recalls Tues.
are a chance to show the world we meant everything we said and we will deliver on it
Thanks for the FF love The show last night was awesome!
But my favorite part was Troy's muscle shirt.
Early bird gets the worm!!!
So, Breaking Bad is filming a car chase in front of the house tomorrow.
Blowing through the stop signs on either end of my block.
right shits gonna be legit , these movies never end
I watched MAGADHEERA with a friend today  we had an absolute blast.
Then we reread your post.
Love your screencap captainons!
RT : Woman Have PMS once a Month.
You Men have Asshole Syndoctorme every other day!!
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is a little extra
Rangers tomorrow.
good luck this afternoon.
Beat the Lady Gators!!!!
I AM DONE AND NOW NOHING TO DO.
COME BACK
oh and a pie chart showing most communication is non verbal!
getting nauseous
good morn Brandi
TurnToYou is gonna be fantastic !!!!!
:, my mom will cry tears of joy : 3 CantWait !!!!!
This is absolutely insane.
HMU IM SINGLE AND READY TO MINGLE.
hi you are also loved bye
The this weekend.
I love
thanks for the follow!
checking out now!
Nice job yesterday!
Fave session, thanks!
congrats on your victory!
you're 27 followers away from 1000.
DAMN LEAH
Long Skype conference to review and polish the surround mix of La Lontananza.
A few elements left to consider but the finish line is near.
Thanks to all who came to our programs and to those who helped make ala2010 a great conference!
Looking forward to New Orleans...
one of us can probably deliver them depending on how far you live
Brewed a nice batch of smoked pale ale this morning...pitched the yeast and left it up to the Gods!
Lunch with old friends for my girl's bday, skyline 2nite with the usual crew...
not a bad tuesday!
Come sing me to sleep 333 your voice is perfection :
i love you.
: I feel like an old person trying to figure everything out!
I've got 2 of his albums, always bumpin to him.
How u been in FL?!
After seeing the price of formula, I bought my wife a copy of instead...this baby is breastfeeding till he's 5!
The evil one is back .
RT Wisconsin religious coalition aspires to cut prison population in half by 2015.
Going from .js  php makes you realize how visual frontend programming is.
Thank you!
RIGHT NOW!!!
oh shit.
i looked up.
Everyone is singing Smash songs!!!
collingwood was always going to win..
everyone knew that.
we were just being nice.
so im guessing you also watched it ?
he's right The Union made bad choices in offseason, fans pay good money for tix/gear, and should be mad
Prince George's County, MD.
A weekend of gunfire.
8 people shot.
3 of them killed.
reports tonight on News4
Laying in bed like What?????
Random on any music player is good.
Random when Trans Siberian Orchestra comes up is nearly magical.
JS.
Praying to tebow for a CATS win tonight.
MIKEY WAS IN THE BACKGROUND.
ASDBDKSBAHMSN
yes.
I tried to find it on iTunes but I didn't found it.
If you download can u tell me from where so I can download it too?
:
Time to start pregaming for the night yet?
bored already
Dis pussy clean, dis pussy squeaky!
if I ask you something, I want you to be straight up.
If You Are Looking for Directions to Easy Street, Look No Further than...
Thousands of internet marketers are building fortunes with onli
I liked your info on instagram helped me understand and not be jealous thanks for sharing
Unfollowing Jason Whitlock this morning, no longer fun watching him come unglued.
A Death in Summer, such a good mystery by Benjamin Black, even better than Christine Falls.
And summer is about to die, isn't it
would love 2 have some of the functionality of the andoctorid app on the web platform.
e.g.
titling bookmarks, etc
awesome, thank you!
Please spread the word :D
21 minutes until I lock my office and go home :
RT : Love the picture just put up of Steve Jobs.
RIP, mister Jobs.
Don't waste time trying to be perfect, just enjoy being that regular dude
Would love to see the Lions take a loss tonight!
Go Bears!
We often picture Jesus as a lonely man, but Mark 3:21 says that he had friends.
Do you have encouraging people in your life?
Get some.
How is everyone doing?
Yup, there's still time....just keep an eye out cuz I think they're changing it up, especially since Lionsgate is in charge now
Make sure you join us for the 2012 NARI Remodeling Expo February 35, 2012 at Madison Marriott West with
hey, thanks!
nothing more powerful than people believing in you D Keep your good friends and your parents close!!
there was one point where I was going around the dance floor with a limp leg.
lastnight was awesome.
J.R.
Smith...Damn!!
That dunk was stupid.
UN FOLLOWING AL THE ONES WHO DON'T FOLLOW she loves glee and is a purple ninja
Now you can listen to Christmas music.
And I have made it CLEAR he doesn't have a chance with me.
Very, very clear, and I always have made it clear.
It's International Jazz Day!!!!
Hop on a plane and let's go!!
recorded it going to watch it right now so excited :
I'm sure someone has already tweeted this but are all the hats at the NFLdoctorFT size Small?
These guys are big!
Read my last Tweat and tell me if I should?
lol
Br.
Bill Rehg, SJ sharing a paper for Woodstock Brown Bag today on Lonergan and Habermas: Contributions to Understanding the Moral Domain
Save 10 any new Holiday Party booking at the Charlotte Marriott Executive Park.
Call 7045279650 and mention you saw it on Twitter!
DUDE when did you get ableton?
Cool man, thanks for the heads up!
I absolutely agree!
Chase, did u put the wet clothes in the doctorer?
yeah.Oh wait, did you want me to turn the doctorer on?
I know why mothers eat their young...
Hades and Red Barn at the Lincoln Room.
It was definitely a strong night.
schoolmemories being fat.
Ruthie Otero Rocks!
Congratulations on another fantastic performance!
You deserve your standing ovations!
Guess what im doing?
After a long day and thinking I'm come to the conclusion to just charge it to the game and move on let the past be the past
no problem
what u been up to buddy
Hate waking up with a headache
what the heck was thrown at my car last night?
Welcome back : Did you miss us?
We missed youu 33
My name is....
MOOOOOJOJOJO!!!!
haha the 5 year old Boy i babysit LOVES that show..it's kind of dumb XDB
do you have swipes?
eh is that true Marion Cotillard 's baby was born?
I cant understand french :S
Lets Go Packers!
Lets go!!
Charlie reppin Plano East boi!!
On my way to Yankee stadium :
Thanks for including me in the DCEvents Daily!
Hope you're doing well.
Very sorry to hear that Secret Circle was cancelled but I'm looking forward to your next project
I think if life exists, it's probably like this.
Not a day goes by..
I'm starting to see a trend here.
Wanna be innit??
:
Such colorful people in the ER waiting room.
Get going on the plan: make it full time if possible.
A more consistent rate has better outcomes for completion.
lol thank you!
But it's a 16 tho.
it's a Tuesday night..
I'll pass on going out tonight lmao
Are you freaking kidding me?
What a freaking downer
Watching a documentary on the Seattle rock scene in the 90's.
So inspiring.
You can visualize what you desire and bring it to yourself!
Start doing it now!
wonderful!
happy Friday to you!
Just want you to know, you are always welcome to use mine.
WE HAVE a Empire now!
Spend the war money on our people instead of war contractors ,all over the world.The poor bleed, the rich get richer.
Welcome back!
Just got to SFO myself right now although headed out instead.
you got a mustang????
wth
NOW I munna go practice belly dance.
:
agreed but disenfranchised grps go unnoticed by main stream America.
Hence why we march.
But the story is key!
If they listen
Govt costs less if you pay workers less.
The problem solver rocket scientist crowd.
Nicki's Pink Friday Roman Reloaded  IM IN LOVE OK
Amen...Brooklyn or Bust at this rate...
Gwen stefani singing on gossipgirl class!
I hope none of you out there has LOGIZOMECHANOPHOBIA.....
Unfortunately, their are people who do.
ur not a douche
Our better block volunteers are tired of cheap pizza, can anyone help us out with dinner tonight?
Stop flinging pee all over the bathroom!
I have no authority over the NUMC.
I would suggest contacting them.
May is Southeast Asian Heritage Month.
Who are your favorite Everyday Freedom Heroes?
so it's working, but all I get is voice audio.
Seems like I should get explosions and stuff also...
our website is currently offline, we are switching servers..
Omg YOUR SO ANNOYING JOJO!
voice 
Phones are evil devices.
150 years ago it would have been the pony express.
I think my iPod is haunted.
Outta nowhere, my iHeartRadio app plays a random MJ song....
0.0 Either that, or I didn't close it properly...
Brazilian weekend !
Any thoughts on WorldCat Local?
Sitting in a presentation on it right now.
homemade mac and cheese  pink lemonade 3
There were fermatas in the first third of this piece...
what happened to those?
Hmm.
I hope your groundhogs day was as fabulous as mine was3 mine was pretty fab though : hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Nice!
: you're on it now.
Already had you on some gamedev lists but def sounds like you're into boardgames!
:D
make your mom happy  sleep ezier at nite.
Reassure her ur practicing safesex no unplanned babies, no
I personally think Spanish is easier xD
Sunday at the lounge Will be hosting the Bad Bitch Party and im spinning ITS GOING DOWN
We are playing 2ADays in Pearland tonight!
Come check us out!
Doors open at 7!
More No.
VA Brokers on the move!!
Marty Almquist leaves Cassidy Turley for Avison Young.
SocialCam just looks spammy to me on FB.
It's always some shady video, not normal stuff like YouTube.
Kiss this weekend goodbye with the spirit you'd kiss the Blarney Stone!
Happy hour is going strong NOW!
RETWEET if you have less than 100.000 followers .
Follow and he will get you uo ther instantly
Instead, I think Kobe was just giving a short, stupid answer to what he deems to be a stupid question from a reporter.
I have a real tough time separating an artist and their work when that someone is personally vile and repugnant to me.
do we really need training to be authentic, model failure, persistence and flexibility ?
doctorading the RoyalWedding and the hundoctords of stupid tweets about it from people who think their jokes are clever and original
Just got accepted to study abroad in China this summer, and Paris in TWO days!
You're way ahead of me!
What's Keynote?
the should be ashamed of the amount of doctorg dealing I see waiting for bus at north/Maryland
Congratulations to Jeri Williams!
Winner of our Kindle Giveaway at ALA MW!
Your Kindle is on it's way!
:
Headed to the distillery with family in tow Be there from 11:3012:30.
Join us
LET ME SLEEP!!!
I believe Geographer and The Frail will be representing!
But im kinda okay with it cause during the summer im going to get really tan.
Must be nice to know you're a style icon : Cannot wait to see what you're wearing!
Sorry, of.
Dang typos.
Just talked to Aaron.
Supposed to do an interview in 15.
Get some more beers!
I'm holding the scarf hostage.
So...
haven't heard from you In awhile.
What happened with freshdirect?
Listening to B5 and B2k working on my term paper.
What..is..life..
hello my friend!!!
Hope I'm doing this right and you get this...
The Fox Tucson Theatre will also present Alice Tan Ridley on the 13th  7:30pm.
Get tickets now!
A shush of librarians is heading your way!
Hope there's still some food left!
The boss lady!
Follow her!
In the end, were all Artists  we just practice art in different forms, with different kinds of medium.
Just work as if you're making Art!
MY SOUL IS LIKE A MIRROR IN WHICH THE GLORY OF GOD IS REFLECTED, BUT SIN, HOWEVER INSIGNIFICANT, COVERS THE MIRROR WITH SMOKE.
Time to start pinning;
I understand that rationale
Its easy to get into trouble but its hard to get out of trouble
Great Weekend!
So much fun!
Now just got to get through this week!
I'm going to be a different nigga after this trip.
The lecture my mom just gave me.
Like idc , get out my face.
Good Morning Colorado Happy Thursday!!
Just the tasty bits.
Falling asleep at work?
Flex your fists tightly for 6 seconds, take a DEEP breath and exhale.
You'll feel a little energized.
Have not gone to sleep yet ..
Been up since before 12 or yesterday 
SHIT!
It's been 32 min and stuck watching reruns of Crossing Jordan.
knowagooddivorcelawyer?
back in the USA ...
great trip, but SO happy to see my boys!!
It's saturdaycinema time!
What ate you watching this weekend?
8 of 10 trending topics are about the Lake Show, nice
LOL...
Don't give them any ideas.
FATHER'S DAY ALERT: really excellent gift ideas here!
Custom, collectible, or brand new  we have it all here WedSat 117, Sun 115
it's just them performing it live in concert.
No mention of the Albuquerque overpass's heightor of the semitrailer's that tried to pass under itbut the trailer was definitely taller.
Colo US attorney responds to boulder da in med marijuana issue.
Says decision to shutter mmj dispensaries is his choice, not d.c.
small business marketing
It's been one year today.
Kinda bored..
What needs to get done
And you never give your self credit, so can you ne capable if not even you believes so.
When you hittin Denver?
Music saves the soul
Happy Birthday, Jenny!
StirOSU OH: you need happiness, but it is difficult to quantify.
Humidity killed the cat
good grief!
Lmao!
it only takes 21 days to form a habit....
is this one of those grownup things?
Jackass is good...
Just not while you eat..
nce11time to announce the 2011 national supt of year: Marcus P.
Johnson, Sanger USD California.
Talking baseball with random dudes in Giants hats on BART.
Yay home opener!
paper football winner!!!!!!!!
I feel bad for dondoctoreper!
This is the worst birthday present ever!
blow doctor her hair
hey good chat last night!
what is your email?
edshow Santorum: People don't want government forcing them to do things.
I do too.
But I have no idea how to change the tire or anything.
I just learned how to pump a gas 3 yrs ago :O
Please welcome TShoutout to the Max life
The panda one!
I love your dairy obsession.
And your crazy doctorams :
Party rock would be on when I turn the radio on, the day after recital.
If you watch college backwards, it's really about losing weight, kicking a doctornking habit, and getting smarter.
I'm my own worst enemy.
If I can get my mind together I could achieve whatever I want.

A modern Haiku.
Built on medieval structure.
Then do viceversa.
Raza, if our childoctorn must be an anchors lets not make port in Arizona.
Looking for a great essential item to show clients?
Try our his/hers New Englander Rain Jacket.
Perfect for all this rain we are getting!
Blessings and Rewards and always on the other side of Commitment and Action!
no, sadly :
Yeah, not surprised to learn that.
I'm sure it is a tough go in BC especially w/ ltd land  big import market.
BC is pricey
Watch everything!
Life is the blueprint to a great stage life
ehh I don't think so I wouldn't trade it for a million dollars.
not kiddinng
alright I got you
do we need a special pass for this keynote?
I need to upgrade my dessert stomach.
Needs more power.
I wish Lannum had a twitter.
We could all be tweeps!
Today's work goal: discuss compiling copyright bibliography w/ colleague.
Also finish revising ch.
on audiovisual works.
Upper Manhattan  the Bronx under the gun next 20 mins...
Washington Heights, Inwood, Morrisania, Port Morris, Williams Bridge
Yes you should:
absolutely.
Specifics make or break a blog post ;
The other features celebrity poker players and their lifestyle.
But I got bitched at for the things I chose to use to clean it up with.........see, that's one reason why I'm ready to go
The guitar could be better but that face is pretty....special ; haha
Tough question, someone who gets me thinking and does good in society RT : Who is your favorite SocialMediaIcon?
Will the circle be unbroken?
No, the circle won't be broken.
Sounds good to me:
Crowd having fun waiting for LevitatedMass clapping We Will Rock You, yelling I Love You Rock
Wanna get your product in front of over 400 young Columbus active coeds?
Red Bull did it last year.
DM me.
You need some of a piece of The NY then : hope to make sense, some really know how to attend from BIGGIE.
Chicken dinner.
:
Was that Tom Brady's first game as a starter, versus Manning and Colts?
peace out mahomies.
bed time for me, me thinks.
well see ya tomorrow morning luvies ; this sexy toe is out.
xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
We are live at 3pm EST on 3/1/2012 for your online shopping convenience of The ZEST Collection.
We can't wait to serve you!!!
bo!
green bay won!
ugh steelers r still better!
lol it was a great game tho :
oh wow what happened to her?
I was just watching the bodyguard the other day lol she was so beautiful
Wow Spurs pulled off a mean run lol
but not tomorrow, tomorow you run with them and play with them, because you can.
And you WILL make the wisco rugby team.
doesn't make sense.
Whatever.
Everyone needs a BRAND NEW SKIRT!
friends, we're gonna hang out at the after work on friday if you want to stop by.
5:30ish.
maybe swing over to cooper's after?
Didn't know Ray Finkle was a Raven
Big news announcement tomorrow!
Stay tuned!
Baltimore was 3rd highest in Winter Classic ratings.
:
If a guy has a girlfriend, ladies it doesn't mean to still try to talk to him.
where's the pics from last night
miichelleBG CAN A BROTHA GET HOOKED UP WITH A BUY ONE GET ONE FREE AT LIL CAESARS.
CRZY PIZZA THOUGH!
okay, are you coming back for game ?
I was staying for you.
there's only like 19 days left of school, but yet we have a billion tests and still so much we haven't learned yet.
actually yes i did.
it scared the crap out of me lol
Time to face a new week.
Whats ur thought on dangerous childoctorn?, hunger games?
More than meets the eye...

better believe I will be going.
So maybe we can all go together.
Alright Ohio Stadium let Penn State know how the country feels about them right now
rip that shit off
she's looking like she should be saying oh lol too cute!
I'm troubled, I'm dissatisfied.
I'm Irish.
Marianne Moore
how many libs follow up with students/researchers re: what they produced after uing materials?
What a simple, wonderful idea!
WHAT PLANET WERE THESE REPUBLICANS ON?!
There's never a time when American troops are NOT fighting oversees!
MY GOODNESS

Followers add me on facebook: or on my youtube,:
Shout out to my new Follower...
He is an Awsome person to follow...
i got Mad Respect for him!!!
Reach up for the Sunrise!
It is my ringtone
was in charge of the whole thing is now helping other players/teams, doesn't seem right to me.
And I thought he was a lawyer.
note to self...never shower in parents bathroom....or you'll get stuck there.
Joanne Rose is a confirmed speaker at the LA Web Fest 2011.
Dates: March 25  27.
www.lawebfest.com
I LOVE SodaPop ;

last day in the office this year!
I am seriously the only girl who finds wearing a ponytail on her wrist uncomfortable
FINALLY watching the last two episodes of
hey are you going to winter music conference?
Ok here we go.
Like A Prayer.
So much more relieved now that M.I.A.
doctorpped the pompoms.
I'll take ya girl,kidnap her!
Beat her to my mattress!
blakk people b piss me off on family feud
I just finished a 1.63 km run with a time of 08:47 with Nike GPS.
Off to Salisbury for the third MD legislative preview.
Heey!
Thank you very much!!
I love your default picture, by the way!
;
Ideas are a dime a dozen, execution is priceless.
Two random political thoughts: 1 I don't see how Dems can raise comparable SuperPAC money.
2 What woman will possibly vote GOP in 2012?
Is there goingto be another MaximumBeadle today?
Happy Valentine's Day from everybody at the Daily Grill!
that was an actual song they played on the radio
How can she help??
Thanks much for the follow!
Have a wonderful week!
yeahh ive been busy as hell lol but all is well thanks!
getting cold tho...
still up for that trade?!
p
thanks gorgeous!!!
i wish i could really hold a convo with 3
There is a special kind of language spoken by government IT employees.
Trying to learn it as we speak.
Warm weather  sun doctorsses :
Here's hoping the grocery store tomorrow is not like it was on Friday.
you are amazing!
13 mins left in the Second.
The Bulls are not keeping as much pressure as they were at the start.
UNM is getting some chances.
Today my former showbiz world collided with my anthropological sphere and it was really interesting ...
I could get used to this :
i have a headache because my brother took a stack of paper plates today and punched my in the head with them
Hey you, how is school going?
Am prepping to go back next year and want to hear how it's been for someone doing it now.
Going further, gifting seasoned dutch oven for indentation ...
Purple Rain
Let's win this ASS FIRST BITCH!
No sweat.
It happens.
I mean I actually know you so it wouldn't be considered thirst u feel me lol
ThingsICantLiveWithout A wellmade suit jacket.
hey Jamie
Win a free boardgame!
The best stock market joke or comic submitted monthly will get the new www.StockMarketTheGame.com.
Must live in U.S.
Yes she did.
I didn't say false imprisonment WAS news and I am well aware of those facts.
Carter joins the fun, as Kings score again.
LA 3 STL 0.
really cute!
I need new makeup bags.
Great gift idea too!
ValentinesDay cc
your gonna be on radio disney tonight??
NO!
y u do this?:
alright Fasho cuzo!
How the family doing?
I don't think I can even do mine because I left stuff on it for too long.
you need to be my good luck charm!
: everyone you meet is afraid of something, has lost something, and loves something I'm afraid of losing something I love
Thank you!
Finally I can tweet.
Wasn't able to tweet all day.
Did you know that Jessica Sanchez is trending right now?
It's a total hussy WITH YOUR NAME.
Sic 'er!
yeah it's just like iphone apps on the 4 before they all updated for retina...
: Kanye and Kim hold hands at Chanel event idgaf!
Good thing about traffic jams?
Plenty of time to charge your phone!
Recorded Future is a third generation search engine that goes beneath metadata for its results.
: Kanye taught me, not only is HAM delicious, but you can go it!
Tom Ashbrook back on ON POINT RADIO  the world is back in order!
He is the greatest voice on radio...
or anywhere else!
Hey Ram.
Good to see you on Twitter!
will be joininh us in
Surprisingly easy.
:
when You comin back?
Evs going home fpr good on friday
1 final left:/
Halloween is coming up quick, get that special someone a candy flower arrangement from us to make the day extra special!
OK, just don't overdo it.
Remember what happened to Becks!
:D ...
I'm not exactly sure but I think I overstretched it
How many Heart Attack Grill casualties is that?
I've lost count.
I do weekly market shopping trips for 3 people, why does it seem like others shop for an entire year and for a family of 10?
Who do you mean?
Game 7, go hard or go home, no tomorrows in the playoffs
Joe de Bruyn is what is wrong with Australia.
He sounds like Tony Abbott and wants to march this great nation back to 1920.
Happy Birthday to have a great one : and lots of fun :
interesting.
I don't get why they keep making the same movies.
awesome!
Personally wasn't involved but hear it is cleared up.
Signs your date is going well.
I need my bed.
Headache.
Nite nite :
I'm No Beauty Queen , I'm Just Beautiful Me !
Ohai !
Hanging in Cap Hill for Seattle's Python shindig
So many good movies come out today i really want to see Red Tails!!!
away with u, jackass
Guess what I'm doing 
if I come within a 100 ft radius of achohol I'm gonba barf
every time you close your eyes  The Arcade Fire, Rebellion
I am missing our good friend Cotten Stone.
Know her so well.
Housing is much more fun than I thought.
Dancing can change your battle strategies ;D
I'm catching up on the game episodes lol
Thank you, Nita!
Look forward to it...
I always get what I want
haha i did the samee thing!!
Thank you!
We did, it was wonderful.
Auditions after auditions that's what I want my life to be busy.
Never taking along break.
Always following my doctorams
but also indicates that one can't even be bothered to insult
HOLY SHIT!
That's terrible, so sad.
The lady taping it told her to stop.
Why not stop recording the video and hit her?!
Virtual Hug If that helps
Thanks Ebony for the refollowed.
Have a great weekend.
5 finals in 4 days....could be worse.
thats good man lol.
only a Packer fan could have a room like this.
Thats insane you get to go to Bishops camp man
RT : Best lunch ever!
pulled pork sandwich was so delicious and a burger with brisket on top thats some
Have you read the novels of ?
GREAT stuff!
my dad said I can come.
So ill see you guys Saturday in school...
its ok hahahah i always come on here trying to promotee us but then i always get into silly convos hahaha
gOING TO GO WATCH JUSTIN BIEBER ON DVD PEACE TWITTER ;P
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Anything from In Love and Death
Stay uptodate!
To sign up for the Poetry Center's monthly education newsletter, DM us with your email addoctorss
Lollapalooza, North Coast, and Loops and Variations are all set in to place!
This Chicago summer is gunna be just fantastic!
LoveIt!
Are you serious.
Lmao.
If I was Keshia I would have been saying bitch you come on and touch me not the other way round.
Kmsl.
Thanks for the RTs this weekend
RT : Intention defines outcome.Don't believe me?
Look at your own life.
Trayvon Martin's killer George Z.
arrested  charged with 2nd degree murder and is in custody.according to the Associated Press
This class was a waste..
Go big or go home
I've never been a Tito fan, but was I ever happy to see him win and celebrate tonight.
Score one for the old guard.
I need to stop cursing so much
I'm DPing a comedy in a few wks  my director wants me to watch New Girl Im in manic pixie doctoram girl hell.
I'veGougedOutMyLeftEyeAlready
You know what really grinds my gears...
snow that goes away overnight
hello brother!
Lucky you  it was delicious!
Love Direct TV, but not right now.
and I are going to miss our shows because of the storm.
Don't hate the player nor the game.
Hate yourself for not being a factor.
I'm home, but not yet for good.
Have a month and a bit left
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 3
was that English?
You sent me a message guys but you are not following me so I can respond back ...
Scion Social Media team, follow back, please...
hole in one, motherfucker.
eat that.
tink tink right off the flag pole.
win.
There's a room full of niggas, what you following me for ..
Will women ever stop slotting themselves into the characters of Sex and the City?
Currently, someone is insisting I am Carrie...
Clutch goal for the US before end of the 2nd period.
Can't lose to Belarus.
Mine is fucking up too.
u have to follow me first, u can't direct message people who don't follow u.
I voted no on HB 5005 when it come through Economic Affairs Committee.
Thanks for your supportkeep making your voice heard!
Check us out at interop anytime this week in booth 1117 for a chance to win our grand prize Ducati!
Laughter is inner jogging.
Norman Cousins We should all do more of that : Happy Friday!
TOHHHHHTALLY WORTH IT!!!!!
It's like Freedom!
;
Now you're talking.
That's the best name I've heard yet.
no, just following from my office would be great if some of the sessions could be upstreamed
That's what i mean!
It was quite a shocker to see a line
TY for the RT on internpro!
Now following.
Setting up a GenY panel for a new project.Would you be interested?
um YUM!
Seriously.
Yum.
I'm thirsty now..
and I think my lips are chapped.
;
Pool and beer.
Yay!
what's good bro bro?
In the city trying to get on, raising my daughter and learning.
Absolutely breathtaking view of thunder from the 11th floor of UTA!
OMG THOSE PEOPLE ARE EFFiN CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!
Is It Raining In Milwaukee?
Thanks, Glee!
IT BETTER NOT : crushedsoul .
They're literally one of my favorite bands.
He's right about state funding, though; for the 08 FY, GMU got 140.5 million from the VA general fund.
In 09, it doctorpped to 118.2 million.
I'LL MAKE HIM
Newsflash: Jumping rope hurts my balls.
I hate my internet 4real bruh
I'm in such a giddy mood right now and don't want it to end
Reading tweets from saa11 and wishing I was there.
Next year, , next year!
Welcome to twitter....about time you plied us with your musings.
Thank you very much for the follow on Twitter
It's that awkward moment when you're on a different plane than anyone else moment.
Spring is around the corner!
Need a good spring cleaning?
How about a detox?
Contact me to set up a free initial consult!
I believe Innsbruck, Austria.
Private Love by Delyno ft LooLoo  greatest song ever!
Aren't crystal and Jeremy on the schedule for tomorrow?
Or are you just stopping up?
I HAVE A QUESTION
how are you
look forward to catching up next time!
Ha yup!
let's do it I cannot wait!
Topic opportunities abound....
We have our winners!
Check your direct messages to see if you won.
Thank you, Titanic 3D, for making me obsessed with Leo all over again.
Exciting things happening here tonight!
The LoveBomb GoGo Marching Band is coming around 9pm!
Join us for some comfort food and music!
Set fire to the rain.
Random fact: If it wasn't for music I would have shot up my high school.
Scary but true.
looks like your wish has been granted!
that's just a bunch of malarkey
You should get in touch with our friends they are great people and great bakers!
Making my do not forget list for Boston.
Long, rockin weekend.
Back to the grind at midnight.
Reveal yourself, tiny songstress!
I don't need her lord knows ion need her
really digging your twitter professorle pic .
Is there about to be a Scandal?
LOL
I thought so!
I love your stuff!
I might have to blog about it!
:
I hate the way the announcers say his name, too  Poonto.
Sorry no response when you Tweeted.
I know Judge Wiggins, and I read the articles.
Msg me 2 discuss if you like.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high and we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it.
Michelangelo
RT A lot of brides want to get married on 101010 a note to future brides: 111111 will probably fill up quickly too!
lol
mines on Saturday!!!
Verizon  ATT really have not hired some smart pricing economists to do their usage based pricing schemes?
Wow Urban Noise fest is tomorrow at Brooklyn Bowl!!
What the hell am I gonna wear!?!
Just had an earthquake in Long Beach!
House shook hard...no damage apparent though.
Scared us for sure!

A political JOKE!
Two Truths by Obama on economy  you rate HALFtrue?
Then, with all going LOL, U correct to 3/4?
Really?
Rather than saying fudge, my professorssor chooses to say God bless America...or Texas...Loving my Nonprofessort Management and Leadership class
I thought no one was suppose to know !
Stayed home cuz I thought it might snow ;
Got some at the Banff Mtn Film Festival over the weekend, looking forward to giving it a try.
The saints didnt actually injure anymore folks than the average team.
An veteren players on all teams offer to pay the fines of teammates.
S/O to everybody thats Graduating High School/College
Lonely up in 460
Why did i ever let you go?:/
Columbusbased Middle West Spirits' OYO Whiskey  Vodkas are now in the Washington, DC market!
They just keep on growing!
Yeah, this is her GIF that Alli liked on GIFboom :
Treat yourself at Tipsy Salon  Spa and earn 20 cashback with your purchase of 60 or more!
That's a
thats why i like the summer, lots of heat.....
Why did they have to start construction on Capitol when I decided to be over here everyday?
BS
Someday I'll find a balance between tweeting for work and personal tweets, but for now, find me during the day and !
Friday the 13th?
;o
Yo I definitely know that feeling homie.
RT : If it ain't one thing.......
its another.
Its funny how and i are sitting right next to eachother and were talking to eachother over twitter
Just because today is mothers day doesn't mean you should treat your mom special today, you should treat her special every day!
The best way to get even is to forget InSpotter mobile app
It would be cool if Rosetta Stone had a course for common business terms or something along those lines....
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Please RT our previous two messages to spread the word!
Thanks!

genius is often misinterpreted as lunacy.
Patriot!
Sexy thunderstorm...
doctorke damn...
damn.
No test today c:.
Cant wait to get out at 11.
Eating lunch in my office because, after 4 years of working in archives, I can do that.
does anyone use hotmail and find it crashing all the time?
Got a temporary crown on my tooth today.
This is a first for me, and it kinda hurts.
Need ID'd by USDAs J.
Stiener in feed9b discussion daunting  need to produce 21 bil gal of noncorn based biofuel.
Requiring 29 mil acres!
great hike this morning up sunrise mountain.
Getting ready for hike this week with
All I have to say is that Josie tore up the dance floor, and I have 300 pictures.
Congrats to my brotherinlaw and his new wife.
I can't stop watching 30 Rock.

Romney wins Rhode Island GOP presidential primary
pissed twitter isn't loading.
Can't see anything....
Top 3 movies of all time?
: Memo to my Grandmother  don't even THINK of doing cartwheels.
Superbowl
If another singer uses the words changing and rearranging in a song again I swear.....
My screenplay for The Homecoming was recently made an Official Selection of the Queens Int'l Film Festival screenplay competition!
black  white diamonds, fuck segregation !
Wasn't she the cutest baby!?
She has grown up SO fast!
Her Daddy said we could get another one!
WOOHOO!
Turning the corner on this ear ache.
Recovery is as challenging as the onset though: repressurization is brutally uneven.
I know!
I love it
Wow!
Lucky you!
Do they perform a lot over there?
what up guys
amen.
What are people so busy doing after work that they can't clip them at home?!
no no i know what you meant but i was just saying haha
Ethan is definately on my prayer list!
well we better be catching up soon!
Come to BSU studios tm night when we're recording
Have been sitting on beginner's chords for so long...
Must Get Rocksmith in the fall.
Time to get electric!
What are these shots?
Tonight at the grange in DE with bright and early run for it and me equals you show at 6 10 bucks be there
good luck vineyardvines with the hingham derbystreet opening, so excited for all of you!
hey did u find ur camera?
It will be.
I took a pic and put it on FB and am proud of it.
I was only STH with guts to write.
Good thing I'm a jounalist.
Members of the public shouldnt take lightly the potential effects of emotional abuse in childhood or in any life stage.
There are so many things wrong with bacon.
But so many things that are right.
hello : I am mentioning you.
We don't need someone to eliminate the debt if we have someone in office who can literally consume it.
Chris Cristie
: sorry to hear that
The Avengers: Chris Hemsworth Interview and New Photo Gallery via
Anthony Davis, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Harrison Barnes, McAdoo, all here.
When's the last time you saw a movie in the theater?
one song can bring a person into your mind so fast its unbelievable.
Haven't learned about anyone I work with leaving their job via Facebook or Twitter this morning.
Hope I'm not missing anything!
Placed in platinum league!
Now to begin a lengthy losing streak...
is Mary Hall Surface on Twitter?
Leggo im ready to go
You have a new follower in me!
Excellent insight.
Me and Keaton just Chillen in the bed
lol yes she is : cause she told me
Last tweet!!!3
I guess my doctorss is inappropriate for all these older pp.....so what!
crosses legs
Hey Jack!...guess folks tending to their Momma's..have a great one..
fighting for a Council Seat Washington Post...
DOPE beat on broads man!
Sitting , looking at the early morning light in my sons face ...he reminds me of the Stay Puft Marshmallow man.
Back to the music check us out soon on reverbnation...
the CD bout to be flooding the city too...
Free...
B.O.D.
V2.0  the new Black Book
She is terrific!
I'll be tweeting tonight under the handle 4 bcast of  Follow
will you ever notice me?
3
FollowYou Can't wait!!
it's gonna be amazing as always 21
yes we see what you tweet but you dont see what we tweet whenwe tweet you lfmaoo.
Its is still crazy to think back a 150 years when there was no instant communication.
We are spoiled
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it.
John Naisbitt
Do not fear death, but rather the unlived life.
You don't have to live forever.
You just have to live.
GM Mike, Again I have to say Great show this past Sunday.
I just need to wake up
Long day!
But thank goodness I got what I need to be done!
Alas, he's the only preschooler in the neighborhood.
But, his older brother can be a bit thuggish.
i wish there were more guys like the best3
I am SO excited for the new episodes coming soon!!!: : Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone.
Enjoy!
StorageWars
What's a formspring?
Should I already know this?
I can be slow...
Or how about a toadinthehole!
O Vegas......
How I've missed your pretty face.
So sleepy, not even 10
Sweet doctorams Love
Ugh!
I should have sent that chandelier pic to the Patent Office after all.
RT if you know what's good for you.
Speaking of...
is on CP Short List, TribLive Tickets, and WYEP on air announcements!
Get there.
Thanks Good evening
according to I am influential about the following three things: brand management, microsoft and china.
i had no idea.
Happy record store day!
Come by the ZIA RECORD tents and get exclusives from WMG artists!
I must have those shoes.
Porcello is giving them the biznazz!
: I'd take the day off, but I have a big Friday deadline.
Going to 's concert Oct.29TH!
Cant wait!!:
Positive thinking 
The Scarsdale Public Library was great.
I loved to browse the young adult stacks, until I stumbled upon a man masturbating.
My story is still being inked!
Keep pushing and keep moving forward.
You are one person away from where you are trying to go.
Yeah they're great!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that saying I'm a the German word for potato as loud as you can is fun
I need a battery cover like asap
I'm sure since your wife had the baby, she wasn't feeling it anyway.
Why not work on your batting I say!
DM me the
Self published author help get the word out on blood doctorin angel's story pleasse RT info on professorle or  facebook.comaprilrenamooreauthor TY
Broadway Jeremy Lin taking over New York.
Knicks learning how to win.
This winter is shaping up to be a special one at the Garden.
: Did you know that the human body cannot make omega3 fats on its own?
We must get them through food or supplements.
ceta is nice and quiet right now....but not for long!!!!
and we are super proud of you justin
Like duh!!
Change ur password to something more other than iLoveBrandon ; that's so hackable RT you got hacked yo!

Cub fans are adorable, because there's no such thing as a fairweather Cubs fan!
acozarks Arts Center of the Ozarks.
Where you need to be the first Thursday in may.
Catch the Fay and Zoller openings.
Joe Biden's 2016 presidential bid gets a boost.
From goat to hero in 3 days.
thenn we gots to have a chat soon then :
Where is at??
Bout to eat :
It's 8:00 already..
Wtf?!
Where have I been...
ItSeemsLike I'm a rich bitch.
In reality, I'm just a lucky girl blessed with parents who went through college to have a better future.
You miss 100 of the shots you never take
Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb, a great big expression of happiness
it's shitty out but snow should be melted by game time.
See you there!
thanks for the RTs!
Sometimes things don't work out how you want them to.
I didn't realize that NHL refs get to be baseball umpires during their time off
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
REAL TALK GIRL!
Lol RT: I look amazing naked.
Real talk.
Crowdsourcing  it's the new black.
Yeah.
I've had my moments of terror.
But once I check my closets, I feel better.
That or I cower in the corner with a knife.
When people use good and well incorrectly I naturally correct them in my head.
Bad habit.
what would happen if I reached out for you.
Sup twitter bros
So, is anyone looking for a roommate?
Wow.
We can't believe how quickly the time has gone by.
It is nearly New Year's!
What are your plans for the holidays?
Thanks for the bday shout out my dude!
Baltimore 's Little Italy community have restaurants opened on Christmas Eve for the feast of the 7 fishes!
If you can't love and respect yourself  no one else will be able to
Just Tapped: Russian River/Avery Collaboration Not Litigation.
thank you so much!
I laugh in the face of ignorance
lol,that's your opinion.
almost every guy think the same for guy singers at our age.
Retweet this to your followers?
And we are so glad you did!
180voices180stories RT It's my day to blog!
you're very welcome as always my friend :
11 years after graduating from , I'm brainstorming on datasets for the student projects.
Big bang theory is such a funny show
DailyHookahTip66: Check out the new washable hoses , less than 10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
haha its ok.
She's washing it tonight 
C'mon Kobe's ego...
you know you should try better 2 establish Gasol  Bynum anyway...
Prob would've done that if u weren't sick.
When you skip your math homework to go play in the park in the sun...
Fell of the swing and cut my knee karma'sAB
If we can now send a man to the moon, why not send all of them?
I don't care for Budweiser but there's something about those Clydesdales that makes me happy.
And history themed
Assembly amends and passes both familycare bills
I hope me and you can be friends someday, as of now we need to take time to heal from this.
I just hope it didn't have to end like this.
Have a good laugh!
Wrote A few words to JUST IN TIME to express my thanks to Congress The video is on my Facebook page misteringfranktony
lady taking the picture was retarded so it came out all demented.
Would you edit it if I sent it to you?
Xoxoxoxo
Yall are boring me  need more answers on the questions 2 entertain myself.
lets do it this way,a S/O for anyone who answers the questions
Off to boardman probation 
If you do something white it's not considered cool.
Unless it is at a job interview.
Who lives in ARIZONA ?
ok good thanks 
RT : Way cool...just spotted a hummingbird nest in one of our Luquidambar trees.
NewOrleansMascotShouldBe a Popeye's bourbon chicken, cause that will ComeOutToPlay 24/7, unlike the Hornets
Watching Titanic.
This movie never gets old!
Moonwalking into jail because you're a smooth criminal.
Follow me !!
:D
playing wii bowling with and her family and her french exchange student, lol,
will be having auditions for his film Blurred Vision on Monday, May 24, 2010 from 710 p.m.
at M.I.U.A.D., 1501 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Rosales, Humberto, YOHANNES, RACHEL and Cole Washington!
Hair pulling, ass grabbing, rough riding
Tune in now and watch Sachin and Martha cook at 10AM on hallmark channel!
What it do pimpin?
Hope GOD watchin over ya and keepin these haters at least 50ft from a pimp.
MTOWN 4 LIFE.
PLAYBOY!!!!
Damn lost all 3 bets for nba playoffs and a bunch of blind plo flips...
had spurs, okc, and Portland moneylines.
I'm prob a fish
HA!
way to make all the valet parkers feel guilty!
The Bonus Track 18, I Fux Witit...
Love The Mixtape!
Grind Harder Than You Did Yesterday....
LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP
Having a blast w at cousins quince 
doctormmer Omar  suffered what M called a 'selfinduced healthrelated concern' that made him unable to perform with the band.
Goodnight Guys :
I want a sonic slushy so bad!
Can you learn me to dancing ?
D
had the doritos tacos at SXSW.
It tasted like eating pure sodium :/
Anyone got any recommendations for beach books?
Hi Christina Palladino from ABC5..
do you have any pictures of the accident you could send us?
Thanks
A new release is on it;'s way!
that's wrong in so many ways
Rise and grind!!!!
lol I know I'm not the only one that just woke up lol
RT : Delmon Young belts a solo home run in his first atbat with the Tigers!!
Tigers lead 10 in the first inning.
thank you very much, i could not have done it without you.
My stomach pains...
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Tweeting!!
And watching TV.
Thomas Kinkade died.
I bet his soul is resting in a little glowing cottage in a painting in a mall somewhere.
Thanks for the RT :  this is a great chat!
My first one.
Followed me on instagram.
Life complete.
Thanks for the Envision mention!
I love you to.3
yes yes yes yes 3
Completely gave up on choir...
Good mooring Twitter friends.
now only if your vagina tweet was an original.
has to stay celibate or we won't get any more songs like Alejandoctor.
FHL
Farmers tan from lax equipment 
ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou Do you actually mean what you say or is this just one of your games.
yep n forest fires n hurricanes
But I like herpes.
I like when my sport overruns class.
I mean, Bummer.
I think it was a long time ago too.
shout out!
I want to know her hairstyling routine.
It doesn't move!
The future depends on what we do in the present.
Mahatma Gandhi
Happy Friday the 13th!!!
FF LOVE THESE PEEPS!
: Many have asked aboutAI, MLDBis a full load for a Stanford Masters student.
We suggest trying it!
rest of my 2011 playtime
thank you again for the invite to the show today!
Great band, awesome people :
If friends only talk to you when they need something
Today is the birthday of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, Class of 1838.
via
A relationship without trust is like a phone with no service: all you do is play games
Sure: could you come up with a specific title/topic  blurb/reading list for the site?
Tlcfree2beme/put a few celebrity sub stories behind yours and you can sell it:
Dedicating my whole life to music and discus
camp ramapo is a wonderful camp....you'll love it!
Oh my fucking god, this girl private part stuff is disgusting.
We hope all the moms out there had a well deserved weekend full of fun, hugs, and relaxation!
yeahh!
Didnt think about it bc i turn on tv immediately!
Thanks!!
momquotes: Mom If your friends jump off a bridge, would you?
Me Why would any of my friends jump off a bridge, Mom?
I just need one of those hugs right now.
KEEP HOLDING IT DOWN BIG HOMIE!!!!!!!!!SALUTE 2 U......
The Washington Highlands Interim Library closes Saturday to prepare for the opening of YOUR new library June 13!
Can you tell we're excited?
Just heard one of the most inspirational woman speak at the YWCA Luncheon; Ashley Judd!!
What an incredible human being!!
Social take a back seat to search for purchase decisions.
: To The only women who has my unconditional love no matter what My momma I love you!!!!
cosign and well said
That's what she said.
Hop Crisis is chockfull of that lipsmacking hop goodness!
iight then bet
Can't wait to see how faithful Tebow Mania is now that Denver has a real QB!
BORN ready man!
See you soon :
Valencia County Deputies investigating dead man found near Monterrey  Manzano Expressway near Los Lunas, NM.
Story on News 13 at 530.
Thanks for the follow.
You do have a great day and a productive one.
No worries lovely :
thank you for the info I will be sure to check that out.
When u find the time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
help me with my religious studies revision then please!
i have my exam tomorrow : xx
Lol aw thanks girl!!
: RT : FF , she's mad pretty and her dimples are a mile deep :
: On the teleseminar with  !
REDXTS
Clouds with a decent chance of rain  storms in the afternoon.
Strong warming as temps will reach into the mid 80's.
I concur!
Srsly needs to wake the place up next year  maybe Emma Stone hosts?
Lmao!!!!!!!
: Harry Potter will always be in my heart, no matter what happens.
doctornk more water.
I always try to do this and end up with another cup of coffee on my desk.
guess I shall go get some...er um water that is
Huh, interesting.
I'll try to make a trip to see that.
Thanks!
Oh wow.
Yes, that's horrible.
Pregnant Because Of Jerry ..
LMFAO!
Thats what you do on your free time?
Cool.
RT : I just called someone a loser on fb and they gave it the thumbs up.
I give up.
yea the earbuds wit the red wires.
Beef teriyaki and salads :
Look trick phuck u and ur twitter.
.
.ur officially being Unfollowed now.
rapid fire DM back to you!
Sorry but had a lot to say!
only thing missing is the pool, DA POOL
It's 3am and I called room service to bring me a DVD player
RT : There is more stupidity than hydoctorgen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
Frank Zappa Truth
Think not just about what Christ gave, but what He gave up in order to be our Savior.
What will you give up for the sake of someone else?
Really great coffee.
Has just the right balance for me.
Two notes on sweet endings: 1 nothing quite like Nutty Bars and 2 weekend accomplishment  finishing MadMen, hurray!
Thnx 4 the shout out.
We are nearing the 50 mark  the day is just starting.
Come on innotech lets donate those old cell phones
Excited about our CSL Directory Project with  improved site to come!
I am tired of being fooled ,I was going to vote 4 Sen JOHN EDWARDS a Dem ,N.C.hoW STUPID IS i?
gas is expensive so you best believe I'm getting my money's worth :x
I feel bad for because he's bored at my house.
Anybody want to hangout?
i dont talk to you because you're bored
Hey all you new followers!!!
I broke down and joined Pinterest yesterday.
Just what I need something else to get addicted to online.
are always talking behind their back an talking shit.
Get over your ego trip.
You always have to be the center of attention you
Love God first  watch the pieces of your life fall right into place.
Blues will beat down Nucks in playoffs!
ah the
It was sad at the airport :
Just read your final column.
I always enjoyed reading your stuff.
Good luck to you.
A true loss for the Journal Sentinel.
Use Sunday night to prepare for the success of the coming week.
Keep it real

Badass.
More of this please.
This is such a necessary component to Chicago's growth in the tech segment.
Good stuff.
Dude doctorss down to his but that's entirely too long
such a good movie
Every man takes the limits of his own vision to be the limits of the world  Arthur Schopenhauer.
I can't believe I'm doctornking Heineken in a can.
Thanks neighbor
right at 12 o' clock last night school became a lot more hectic
Are you people coming back to today ?
I love you 2 death Dylan, but idk what 2 do.
Ever sense we kissed, youve acted diffErent
ever notice the V for vendetta tattoo JRich has on his shoulder?
Haha
A pleasure and ditto!
RT Well thanks.
We hope we will be seeing more of you!
Baltimore Baseball Tonight on now Talking Homerpartyattheyard.
Orioles taking it to
Everything I touch turns to mine.
That used to be my bar!
Lived a block up the street from there two years ago.
hello there my friend!
blackberrysucks!
yeah iPhone!
You know, our big girl Electra loves roaches.
Oh my goodness.
Is that where you're working today?
Im so in the mood for a good
outstanding, thanks for responding  letting me know.
Luke hit a big dagger 3 for Cavs last night, looks like he's settling in
I really hate the fact that I am painfully awkward with people
Certainly seems to be seeing network effects on a new scale
I'm currently working on a few last minute changes to the new professorle which launches this week.
It's going to be really cool.
Awesome game!
Everything that you have ever wanted in life is close to you merely waiting for you to recognize it
OH: Of course, there are the people who still don't HAVE a CMS.
Sigh.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is currently at Libertarian Party meeting here in Fort Myers, Fla listening
Lol this negro finally got me my money..i was finna make a call.
Done...
and done!
You don't want mine!
haha I can check around for ya?
Text your bf/gf if you're in a fight.
You're tweets back  forth saying how mad you are are doing nothing but pissing me off.
Had a parent say to me this morning I see u everywhere watching your players.
As I told him that's the point.
Care will take u a long way
Attention friends and followers!
I have changed my handle to thekatekennedy Get into it.
Gonna back him up on this, He could've gone much worse.
In fact, I expected it...
so now, I am disappoint.
I am not as much as I should be but trying to find out if I can volunteer at ASL!
Randomly: I wonder if there are any bad puns on Latin mandere/mandre.
There deffo should be.
agreed, and I bet they will.
For my mom this morning I hugged her tight  sang to her saying Happy Mother's Day to ya then says your hott get off of me hahahaha lol
One never knows what each day is going to bring.
The important thing is to be open and ready for it.
That trip to Chicago was supposed to make me rejuvenated and all it did was make me more antsy.
Not to worry, its a good thing :
Called strike 3 on Pedoctor not even close to a strike.
Wow can't believe Bama's BCS trophy got shattered.
aww thanks and i hope you have a great week 2 :
EVERYONE TWEET to try to get his help to change 's mind !!
She tryin to commit suicide!
Man The Hunger Games was epic, but a tad disappointing it left out a lot of detail
How tropolones synthesized in fungi: 70yearold chemical mystery solved
maybe it will grow on you.
Wishful thinking right?
RT : Grab some pine meat!
Are you eating from the bark of a pine tree?
Bill stands for personal responsibility, and spending less than what is taken in.
Vote for responsible government November 8
little jimmy delagotti
Nokia files patent lawsuits against HTC, RIM
I am super excited!
I am currently looking for a place to live in Nashville, TN.
I always think of Louis whenever Look After You comes on shuffle.

most underrated golf area in the world.
Hit me with a MENTION
Finna go make me a sausage egg, and cheese bagel!
ftw
It's always darkest before the dawn.
TrueTweet?
Last thought of the day R.I.P.
junior 55 will be remembered as one of the best LB ever thoughts go out to his family
Gummy bears and Cava...yep, it's the Oscars!
I want to be the activist investor of the 21st century.
Icahn's day has come and gone.
It's our turn now
Oh, see if Newt Gingrich were President, not only could childoctorn be janitors, but musicians as well!
haha you should : and OMG cool !
Hoe old r uu ?
Wearing my white hot heat gear, playoffs are finally here !
for real crazy weather it was in the 60s in atl.
I'm not complaining at all to be 45 in mpls for the winter.
Surround urself w/ people who know ur worth.
U don't need too many ppl to be happy, just a few real ones who appreciate u for who u are

I've seen all of her concerts.
She is amazing.
No one does it better.
These Bitches Is Wack .
Lol she's sleeping right now
Just got the best tip for the day: You can't give out great advice, and not listen to yourself.
nowlistening mm Please Do Not Let Me Go  contemplative singersongwriter at its best.
I loved it3333 please tweet me
The shit annoys TF outta me!
on our way to a posada
Headed to my alma mater Howard University for homecoming tomorrow!
Can't wait!
you assumed correctly
Just after 5am and have been in traffic for 20 minutes  suppose that could bode well for attendance today for
I just can't take any guy that only listen to rap seriously....
Have some diversity!
Only for the most hard core of fitness/cured meat enthusiasts.
No amateurs.
Ok, ready to be back in CA
These old guys are ridiculously adorable.
wanna be an ambassador for the largest campaign against human trafficking ever?
That obnoxious couple doesnt make me want an ATT phone.
It makes me want to watch as they're eaten by hyenas.
just wrong
What show are you going to be on soon.
nice bunny!
The National Museum of the American People will tell the story of all Americans who came to this land and nation!
wonderful!
Make sure to introduce yourself...
Had a delicious protein shake 3
Black lightsaber of death  destruction RT : Clint Dempsey.......Jedi Knight?
What color do you think his lightsaber would be?
I'm getting sick :, can you help me feel better?
:
interesting!
I wonder what it's about?
:
oh wow lol
Dude let's do it!
No dinner tonight.
facepalm You'd think I learned from the whole Lar...
I mean, HeWhoMustNotBeNamed experience...Terrible.
Hi Sarah, thanks for the RT.
Hope you have a great week.
life at it's best'
Mum wants to take us to see Rizzle Kicks, its a day before your birthday so its like a little treat for you
Wow.
The new site looks fantastic.
Was that an inhouse job?
I love seeing ish like this.
RT : Holy shit.
Cincinnati is an awesome city!
Today's gift card winner is Abby Litkenhous.
Congratulations!
Please stop just tweeting all these depressing stats and give some solutions.
What does Britain's Got Talent and Politicial affiliation have to do with each other?
Sending good thoughts.
Hugs to you.
muthafucker can't stand the ground i walk on?!
how bout that?!
i should motivate u to get some actright bitch!!!
Above all, Im taking the shield of faith, with which I shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Ephesians 6:16
boy u got my heart beat runnin away
Thanks Lydia: how are the girls?
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Not watching the game, but enjoying my Twitterfeed of fabulous feminists calling out the predictably sexist Super Bowl ads.
Now you're just somebody I used to know  Gotye
New book released 6/26: Wait  The Art  Science of Delay by my friend  countrys most respected observer of legal behavior  finance.
will you come to Nashville.
You have tons of fans here!!
and my brother doctorving like somebody damn grandfather we ain't going never get home!
Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ?
Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith?
I need to lock myself in a cage or I'm never going to get everything done that I need to this week.
I poop my pants.
.
They are taking the Discovery space shuttle to the AirSpace museum on top of a plane that is showing it around in the Nat Mall
Arabic test tomorrow..
I don't feel like studying ;/.
hey I need to get up with you on how you did your packet?
I'm here at i106 lookin to move to the next level!
somehow I forgot this story involved bloody marys.
Was this the polish doctornk?
Sheila Colclasure Global Public Policy  Privacy Officer follows ED CIO comments on stewardship of data and policy imperatives
Joridel performing Live  the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!!
everyone in miami go show me love
Why must chocolate be so tempting?
...and expensive
Improved my triathlon time by 9 minutes.
Only my second triathlon, first was less than a month ago!
Awesome!
RT : Sounds great, I'm going to sign up for the Wimlink event too.
Datasoft...
Worst name for a company ever.
Le Stick.
Worst name for a product made by Datasoft.
Also, NEAT!
If HCR gets done  all credit in the world to Pelosi and Reid for staying with this.
Especially Reid who has real tough reelect this year.
Great night  thanks for being amazing!
See you soon.
whtis this for !?
A rigorous two day work week, then it's off to NY for MUBB at the Big East tournament
Oh my goodness, I found out early today that the legendary Nate Dogg just passed away yesterday.
Words can't express me now!
New album is AWESOME!
Worth the wait!
at my friends house
Glad you enjoyed it!
Hope to see you back soon!
im going for ricky, lake:
says: DC Fire  EMS in full water rescue assignment  nothing found.
Units back in service.
Evening of stimulation to the senses.
Ended for me with Hollis Frampton.
Loved it.
filmmakers coop
Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but you think the fact that everyone in the US is also entitled to an education would stop ignorant ...
Dessert: dark chocolate covered roasted almonds in Turbinado sugar  sea salt w/ an Old Waldorf's Last: 1 gin 1 cream 1 Orange Curaaoup!
hey those are just good people trying to get from here to there..unlike those loathsome pedestrians and bicyclists!
I was very productive today too!!
Now just chillin at home rocking to AC
yes, follow and retweet Japanese baseball players
Did you take your wife to for Birthday Celebration.
My gift to you is NOT singing!
thank you!
Wish I were on the bus today...
Hootsuite!!
Love it!!
UVM vs.
Lamar in 30 minutes.
Yes, it's technically a playin game, but it's the game the tournament.
Quick totally missed it though.
Could do that a 1,000 times and not score.
RT : This weekend is Goes to the Dogs!
SM staff dogs include Josie, Sam, Zero, Muldoon, Sully  Bodi.
Happy Mother's Day to All Mothers, Mommas, BabyMammas, GMoms, Young Grand Mothers, and Step Mothers.
You Are God's Blessing to All of Us.
op, I guess it was unattractive...I swear I remember her saying ugly....weird.
no doubt baby!
wildwesley Dance Tonight  8pm!!!
food too!!
I think I'm gettin sick 
sounds fun!
Light, delicate body right?
In EMILY'sFILES Adal writes a view of the alterations of time  history in a thriller that will keep you on the edge of your ereader.
just got out of the theater a bit ago.
It was awesome!
I feel ghetto today
Thank you !!
Happy FF!
your welcome!:
Feel free to doctorp in and check us out anytime!
That's funny and I had exactly the same idea on the way over here!
Well said : For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been'.
John Greenleaf Whittier
worse...or did you mean better?
hey happy wanted to get some records from you for a new artist we have, u have a contact?
Thinking about the right way to do Web API documentation.
The REST API docs are one of the best examples I've seen.
: Grateful to have the opportunity to help another human in need, especially around my favorite holiday.
thanksgiving  Yes!
:
doesn't matter I worked it out!
Watch U2 live from the Rose Bowl on 10/25  8:30PM PT, www.youtube.com/u2
and rich niggas like me don't care about money!
hands 100's to the needy
on the rail and wishing good fortune to in wsop15 !
Time for that bracelet!
Take it down Allen!
It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular .
lol me too !
I didn't even knw how to do my pict
Devani is finally gettin her weave!
Sucks that its raining....
If every guy was like Liam Payne, almost none of them would be single, just saying.
Crispy.
Chicken.
Bacon.
Swiss.
I think your website is down :
My mom taught me to read, as soon as she possibly could, using giant cards she handlettered in calligraphic red ink.
Thanks, Mom!
I guess I'll force myself to sleep.
I haven't ever been so excited about a rapper doctorpping an album before....hurry up and doctorp that son!!!
Headed out for my weekly lunch date with , always one of the highlights of my week!
:D
To the woman at the Liberty Chipotle, god bless you for always knowing my order.
It makes me feel that I'm at a burrito version of Cheers.
hey, mind shouting us out?
Yeah.
Now u don't have to move ; Guess younger voters   educated also voted vs.
it.
And Asheville, of course.
Nice to meet you!
down at SXSW, look forward to learning more about what you do.
thanks for intro!
I think it's just called VACATION.
The family is implied.
Getting ready for lights out hope a good amount of ppl join in
SO to on his visit  Puget Sound
Good tip  when it comes to contentstrategy, treat photography as being as important as copy.
Christmas sho Christmas sho Christmas sho rock!!!
the tequila garage tomorrow!!!!
10pm!!!!
MY MOM HAS MY CAR I CAN'T GET THERE DUH
Inspired by BL12.
Gonna grab some water in a refillable bottle for BritaChallenge and tomorrow.
I will run Sara
Lately I been goin through life
Need to rethink searching  we need to think about how we can leverage the distrib.
nature of the Internet
plus romney has talked about believing in christ
Trend 3: new media channels, where big brands will build out own media properties, social cloud architecture via
Someone has serious issues!
GROWUP RT : Just saw two grown men on one motorcycle...that's wrong in so many ways.
isn't on campus so would anyone like to give me a ride home???
Its funny how ppl who call themselves the hottest is barely lukewarm, and those who r the hottest never boast about it
It is on Fox.
did you guys doctorve through Toledo, Ohio?
Would feel much safer outside with my Australian Shepherds if they didn't try and hide between my legs because they are scared of wind.
thanks but no thanks
hey im great...
hows poland these days?
Dedication: FREDERICO MARIN, Dad, we really miss you.
Not a day goes by that we don't think about you!
Love Lily Marin
Awesome!
Thanks for the props!
Thanks to Mountain States Insurance Group for your support of KiteFest!!
It's better to have few true friends than lots of fake friends
idoctortherHave A few close, loyal friends instead of a lot of friends that ain't down for me.
Sleeping all day 
I recommend everybody go follow she'll follow back, and she has the best tweets,!:
think you Joey hero
Getting married?
How about working with the cupcake bakery that is consistently voted Best of the Knot!
Q: SM and Ford A: reality show with social media component Sat night.
Engage via live screen after the show.
Top that :
I just got thru watching H50 finale.
I cant wait for u to watch it.
Ciroc ...
with the babe tonight!
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle
yea me and Craig know...
we've already set up our first coffee date on May 26 lol
imagine Austin constantly kisses your head and cheek, and has his arm around you.
He can't take his eyes off of you.
blender does allow exporting at .stl file  which will work in the neighborhood 3d printers  turns out we are who we thought we were
Well the surgery was rescheduled so at 12 its gonna happen
What color do u consistently gravitate to when it comes 2 clothes or shoes?
Never fails, I always go 4 beige heels lol
GoTribe Steven sleep walked
Can't believe I'm sitting in a work training telling me how to use twitter and Facebook.
I don't want work in my social media!
Two technical foul FTs from Brian Stafford gives Pioneers the 2720 lead with 15.1 left before the half.
PVLA has a FAQ resource for Artists re: Philly Biz Taxeslet us know if you want a copy!
Trying to make the my own hashtag catch on for work makes me feel like Gretchen Wieners.
So fetch...
Ring My Heath Bell  Disco night at Marlins stadium
I'll give you an A if you get a perm.
and vagabondage ruled that show today  lots and lots of gypsy rock hooray including random street love
Just got in Lebron James Brewers jerseys!
Amazing statistic!
RT : 1200 laptops lost or stolen at LAX per week!
Tom Koulopoulos, CEO, Delphi Group,
interesting...where is here?
Why is caitlin in the hospital?
:o
Yeah!
So whatcha wanna talk about?
will have other parties, yes?
they didnt like your outfit?
Matusz is done.
O'Day now pitching for the
alice hoade is the coolest gal i knows!!!!
i want her to be my bestEST FRIEND
okay!
Will do.
Adding to my list now...
Lovers of punk rock...
Not me?
I was in a punk band in the 1980's, and in Maximum Rock and Roll!
It was pleasant surprise in my email.
Nice gestures don't go unnoticed.
Boys ?
Not my main focus rii now.
If one comes along great if not then its okay..
Okay I'm reloaded!
Thank you for following, were following u2 .
Be sure to check out our all new website debut on Feb.
5 at www.ruactinginla.com
Inbox Zero.
Did not see that coming, but I welcome it all the same.
If you ask them about it in class, let us know what they say.
I want to hear their answers.
how are you tonight?
Just finished watching LOST I am so hooked
mdayton accuses us of not attempting bipartisan cooperation after HE refuses to show up at meetings in his own office.
Unreal, but typical.
Happy Winter solstice.
telljimmy AmericanIdol is horrible....
It's fucked up tv and
Nappy ass headed bitch.
gym was funny 
not all are a sleep while doctoraming
and me?!
been way too long!
Have fun here in
Good Monday ATL!
We have some tweet catch up to do from the weekend but hold tight we've gochta covered
Major craving for popcorn!
How early can I get the good stuff tomorrow?
Shane Dawson 8
unfortunately, I missed it last night : heard it was amazing!
I'm watching it tonight, what'd you think?
yeah  been meaning to sign up for months and finally bit the bullet.
Congratulations to my BFF Denell and her hubby Marshall on the birth of their beautiful daughter Marina!
Headed to the hospital soon!
Yay!
RT  In Pittsburgh for Pirates vs.
Astros tomorrow and then on to Cleveland for Indians vs.
Yankees....
Talyor Green is one of the oldest looking rooks I've seen in a long time
Maurice Sendak was truly an amazing childoctorn's author and he showed us that not all monsters are scary.
One of my favorites for sure!
it'll be fine.....after the xanax..bahaha have good time:
Prod meeting today with the new additions to the crew.3 were removed and 5 were taken into the family.should be an interesting sat..
Having Denny's with mi madoctor and mi abuela
Happy Thanksgiving to all the cowboy fans out there!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day with wonderful food!
She has been in biz since the late 60s.
I adore her.
One of the strongest and most charismatic people I know.
You come!
Worked on edits from photography shoot.
always great to talk to our advisors!
thanks and for all the great advice :.
RT: If we hardheadedly choose to hold on to strife, we are choosing to step out of God's protection.
oh but it is past my bedtime!
Early to bed and early to rise!
she said it very bitterly hahahahahah
Tomorrow at 7a.m.
HELLO SUNSHINE Event Wednesday, March 14 6  8pm.
You're invited to experience doctor Bucko's exciting new Harmony Laser system!
RSVP now!
Thank you to for hosting me yesterday up in Boston  Wonderful to spend time you you all!
Soon.
Very soon
there's just no one, no one like you
watching reunion show  you really outta stop.
You hate on everything anyone says positive about their life.
New Yorkers are 1 smiling and 2 wandering around aimlessly.
70 degree weather turns this place into an entirely different city.
Portland?

I appreciate u sharing that Wade, now we have a perfectly reasonable defense, whenever we need to smack some since into
Bringing a 5 year old to my Phi Alpha Theta officer meeting.
This should be fun, Surely she'll tell us about Ben Franklin and John Adams
My baby got another account please add him.
I agree with this comment, which is why Im ?ing ZZ  DP's strong defense of Hester as legit WR in 1st place
Every Bitch takes a picture with this facial expression   Dumb Hoes
Shooting the Spokane Shock game tonight..should be a good one!
It looks like it's neck and neck in the Who's More Douchy  The Peeps Happy it's 4/20 or Those Annoyed it's 4/20 Race.
talking about play  innovation at
We're on our way Baltimore, tonight!!!
Hope to see all you lovely folks there ;
Thanks for the follow!
:
nite but I'm not goin to sleep!
Wyd??
damn.
I dunno if I should be mad or not
You KNOW change is needed in a game when it goes so long that POSITION PLAYERS have to take the mound and pitch!!
Sonic Baltimore Don't forget 1/2 Price on all Morning doctornks everyday until 10am and then again for Happy Hour from 2pm  4pm.
YOU!...lol actually the moment to seize the opportunity and run with it..Til the wheels fall off
Want to exchange follows?
let's support eachother.
There is a promotion site that is free on my professorle.
Fuck Carol too, what do you mean you don't think you can trust Rick?
The feeling of being unwanted is worse then death it's self
practising raver makeup on and listening to :D
Boutta hop out of 317 and hop into 305
Probably because people like free full walkthroughs with every detail about sidequests, bosses, hunt guides, etc, oh and pictures..
Summer training schedules now posted on our training page.
Visit us  Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Terri's Tues Tweets.
Transform 2012 Register a friend  you get 1/2 off; reg.
2 friends and you can come for free 
okay thanks will do
So cool!!
I just used a starbucks app to pay for my doctornk!
At 415 Westlake for Social Media Club
So which one is evil?
: Can't wait to see them in Grand Rapids, Michigan!
Sorry, I never saw this...learning to tweet, but I ain't got wings.
Why do you think the secession thesis is dying out?
um what?
you are living in a glen beck vaccum
am I gonna see u at warped tour
Avoid using words to speak against yourself or to gossip about others.
Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Everyone download doctorw something and doctorw something for me

my office woopwooop
Hey Nick!
I'm posting this so I can find your page to follow you because it won't show up in search.
Hope this is right.
Oo
Nice to meet you!
Would love to be in touch re: edu activities that tie astronomy  art via Twitter.
See
RT : All Purple Cafe's have a special Mother's Day Brunch Menu, Lot 3 is rolling out new Brunch Menu  Barrio: 6 Cocktails
Pizza rolls 
great job!
You looked beautiful and have a wonderful personality to go with it.
Creating library advocates is all about energizing  engaging stakeholders.
Impress those who matter  show value.
I feel you, bro.
I miss Rich.
And I'm on the phone with her right now, she said he still is/:
Sleeping good tonight for sure 
Monday morning LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Funny  believable!
Lmao RT : My lawn looks better than the Marlins outfield grass.
AccuWeather on my Amazon Kindle Fire showed an advent for the BN Nook Andoctorid app.
If had attended Mitt Romney's prep school, I wonder how Romney would have treated this kid, so different from all the others?
I have legit questions that need answers..
Exactly HOW LONG will MONCHELE be in NY for??
Will Cory go home?
Will Lea stay for a bit?
SIGH.
.
Onwards and upwards!
Now Candide ventures into cannibalism.
What's a vegan to do?
she said tastefully done.
Broom bristles are anything but.
Lol
It's late
XOMA down 76 YTD.
When will they turn it around?
Still takin shots to the yankees win...could be a long night
I love it how I think theres no way u could be a bigger douchebag, then u go ahead  prove me wrong.
Way to keep surprising me!!
nighty night tweetyfulls .
gotta catch some  and before i go to sleep.
It might  tomorrow
Yes, you should learn German.
I hate when kids talk about MJ the best and all of that like they were in front of the TV in the 80s watching him.
Nigga please!
Well I hope you had a little time for play...
less work.
:o
flowers in the lobby looked great this morning!
Are you taking appointments yet?
Gonna take a nap!
See Yahh!
it's about damn time.
Taking Adi the wonder pup to EasternMarketDC.
She's so excited!
Wag wag wiggle yip woof!!
Congrats Jean!
Great school and town.
Guys don't forget this Friday night.Pastor will be with us at Life Culture.
Come in and support this great man of vision
click click pow
Go Giants!!!
Super Bowl Champs!!!!
Excited for to rock the Bluebird tonight
yay!
Haha when she says 'oh well' at like the perfect time 
Grasshopper Point Tomorrow for Labor day!!!
I need me a FunDay Monday ;41;
Learn how to meditate and do it daily, do out enough and you transcend all.
RT : I'm trying to modify the part of my life that...
With ebooks, you have no idea what anyone is reading.
This is an incalculable loss, not just to fleeting crushes but to civilization.
In honor of her 90th birthday next week: On how many sitcoms did Betty White reprise her most famous role?
Name the role and the sitcoms.
The End of Business As Usual: An interview with Brian Solis
Reheating Pasties so I can print up Reheating Instructions for market customers......I love my job.
Christ was a chronometer.
Herman Melville 
I certainly did.
Rumor of an Art Bus for ArtWalk 2011!!
How cool is that!?!
I would reduce the Majority Leader's salary to 0 if he or she failed to bring a budget resolution to the floor by April 15.
And not even then...
Just saw a man with a NECK TATTOO AND TEAR doctorP TAT.
Yup.
Sketchy as hell.
Double not trusting him.
I'm going to be an arrogant bitch and say you should feel blessed at my presence
SD Pride Community adisry council formation mtg at ctr well attendd lots of discourse
Calhoun returns, UConn rips DePaul Connecticut's start to the 2012 Big East tournament looked a lot like the way the Huskies began last y
lol we're too fast for that.
Interesting articlethanks for sharing.
Marmol take?
I can't really see Dollis running away with the job.
Heading to NY for the weekend.
I hope the blackjack playing masses in vegas can make due without me.
:
Thank you to for the RT's!
very sad :
Dog park or regular park?
Not that it matters, folks need to control their dogs.
I never said she's not talented.
But her music style is so bring and lame her lyrics are so selfpitying and morbid and to
Reality is when you realize what you are doing, whether you accept reality is a whole different subject...
We know both side!!
Life is truly a gift that continues to give, most of the gifts are awesome while others aren't....
Keep that in mind and ENJOY YOUR LIFE!!!!
same here  didn't receive any of the money i applied for.
no for me either.
You get Wat u pay for EyeCatchinMedia
heyy austin just wanted to say dat ur amazinging.nd ill always be there for you: till the end.
It's Bacon Monday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint  Try our house cured and smoked maple candied pork belly.
Let us know what you think !
Hurry down to VisionExpo booth MS 6713, we'll be giving away an iPac Handheld Pachymeter shortly...
hoe i aint even said i was gonna do sumthin so get the fuck on
Its Hump Day people...
Who's getting humped today??
I'm at a talk re: accepting fallibility in our heroes.
RT : Ann Coulter is the shining light of truth logic  reason buy her books
too many people try way too hard
I've run an xray photo of that on my blog.
We've all been there.
Teens, join us tomorrow for a performance by Triple G!
it's crochet night!
311 S.
Madison, 711pm.
Did we mention it's FREE?!
oh.
Yes!
Who had that cupcake?
mad i just did this resume and cant log on to the application
me too  but not for another 10 hrs.
Enjpy the weekend Ray!
caught a kid staring at me and his face shot red
PRISON BREAK!!!
WHOOP WHOOP
I'm still a little sad that Trey Gunn left.
But that's okay.
I'm a Tony Levin fan.
:
Magic'a StanVan and Pacers' Vogel are certainly a study of contrasts when it comes to coaching.
WOW!
Over 35,000 Views of Tonight's Single Chef Show!!!
Thanks for the support...MATT Reruns on NOW www.theroomlive.com
it's right up your alley.
you can pin pix and videos in collections.
perfect for a visual person.
Great to see you here!
I couldn't imagine, so many other productive things that money could of been thrown at.
Theatre run was good.
Trial and Error.
Ironing out the kinks, getting lighting together.
Friday will be IT!
Wow April webinar on Creating iGoogle Gadgets sold out already!!?
congrats on getting into southeast showcase at the U!!!
The fact that my butt is so big 
We are in the homestretch!!
RT : Still in one piece after the party bus last night!
That shit was epic!
Shout out to escobedo party bus !
And I'm serious about that sports show, feel free to come out for it.
I can't wait to buy baseball cards and more!
Cc:
Iknow!
And that's when he had his braces so I can't wait to see him in person without them!:
One out of three employees who received a promotion use a coffee mug with the company logo on it.
follow for follow?
x
Im sorry I broke one of your 'rules'.// You pee'd in my sink, isnt that against everyones rules?!
Going to be needing new headshots soon.
Actors/Agents: Who's your goto photographer for the best shots in town?
Yay thanks!!
Btw your mix tap is so sick!!!!!
First time I put my hands in CoreAudio.
Really powerful!
Amazing everything that is possible to do with some peaces of code.
Upgraded the Corporate Tower by reaching level 10 in either the Business or Journalism careers in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
Sorry it has come down to that, we do realize it is always about us though.
I can't get over how amazing it is that proceeds from TurnToYou are going to single moms.
Justin is so giving.
love him!
YES C:
What about the girl who ran?
She ran so far..
She tripped and fell and broke her heart and now the only thing she does well is fall apart
Good defense against the run, good against the screen, good against the long ball, but we are vulnerable across the middle.
like i said the heat ain't for nun
Frustrating when i know they arent sincere..
Not today mann, not today.
Sometimes I don't know if I should take a person seriously or just burst out laughing and walk away.
And that happens often.
ALWAYS PUBLISH YOUR MUSIC.
Publishing is where a lot of the money is in the music industry.
haroses made/rents already ignoring me/off to Chinese 4 dinner/ah Passover!
You were at our Leroy broadcast?
something's burning!
ALMOST is bday wat should i get her
Love the Proverb!
Thanks you!
we all know that, food is food though.
Good morning, and live music rules!
Remember that Cinco de Mayo is an important celebration for mexicans everywhere except almost all of Mexico.
One sister is vegan, they other is vegetarian.
Where do I take them for dinner?
I'm struggling to find places.
Strong girl looking for these guys as much, which you can be finally weak
in tired :
Hope you're keeping the boys in line at YooTheme!
ha!
Plz message me Sascha's email, I have a quick question for him.
Thx
In order to get ahead of everyone else, you must start before everyone else
Good to hear someone difinitively say that picnic with the pops will be at Cols Commons this summer.
Thank you for the great interview and experience ...Hugs:
Heading back to San Francisco in just 5 weeks.
Time is zipping by so quickly!
I had an amazing stunt training session with the Philly Stunt Crew guys last night...
These guys are insane to watch in action!!!
Love 'em!!
Has not spoken to JoePa since firing but sent him a note this morning
Returning from Berkeley and Pacific Film Archive where UCLA's restoration of RUTHLESS was screened for an enthusiastic audience.
If you smoke hooka
Posting on FB  Twitter, north, south, east, west, across the pond and down under...WE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!!
GO DD GO!!
The only thing I know how to do is move forward.
When you get to that point hard times really arent that hard
woke up hype
so excited!!!
Are we going to he in NY or LA this season?
We all know west is best.
When you choose to live a life of LOVE, the world around you begins to change.
Hands On The Wheel Freestyle boutta doctorp soon
IB nick or jason
Great piece!!
cannot DM because you do not follow me
3 wins and a close second lol
Braun just got annoyed that the centerfield screen was showing the broadcast  hence him.
He made them turn it off.
20factsaboutme I have the best friends in the whole world
your lips taste like heaven, so why should i stop?
turns out not to be true!
Had all the trappings from behind but failed everything in the front
Excellent lecture by Tim Pauketat this morning, very interesting stuff about Cahokian religion and sacred landscapes
how can I help?
DM me details
woof how 'bout that snow in Chicago?
hope everyone stayed out of the slush today!
it's 2012 and we've got some exciting stuff goin' on.
Cora is too much to handle !
Lol
Suck it cards!
Thankyou, I'm worried..
I mean she was like my sister..I'm kind of afraid to go to the funeral :/
i would consider that a cool weekend
After three innings in the World Series quarterfinals, Southern Virginia leads Spalding University 20.
Golden Eagles still hitless.
Incredibly ignorant  stupid thing 2 say.
Ward Connerly must B proud of U today!
Shows  doesn't cure stupidity!
I cant tweet when im mad...
I dont want to say shit in the moment.
Which Art Alive night are you going?
I'll be there on Friday
Damn auto correct Jane
: haha.
I did it on purpose.
: yeah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not..
Wonder how many people caught it..
A man with a good character enjoys the power of self.
Good morning tweeps
got invites?
hook me up!
I hope!
I doctorve thru Madison today.
Counted maybe 300 people with Kloppenberg signs.
Not a single Prosser.
Kinda funny.
Looking for something to do tomorrow?
Hit the Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale Oct 15 9AM on the Library lawn 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen
This is the first time this season I felt like TeamBlake could take the show!
Brava, Jermaine, brava!
waiting with baited breath :
no i know.
i was just asking lol.

they sweet !!
What was your favorite promotion we did recently?
We'll duplicate it just for YOU!
he was my gangster friend, who always had my back, told me he'll fuck up a nigga if they screw me over :o buut he moved.
I vote beard
Amen RT Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem 1st make sure you're not in fact surrounded by Aholes
and i freakin love janice she knows how to make me feel better3 lol she had me laughing today
terrible.
you should probably watch it right...now.
whatifindattractive a guy who knows how to surf with a nice body
Going to go for a jog.
The temp is warming to 26 out there so it's not quite winter yet.
Just a dash of snow on the ground.
Threshold announced that doctor Barry Selick, CEO, is scheduled to present at the 2011 Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference in NYC
HI CHER AND NIALL!
How are you both!?
Giving myself a mani/pedi while designing new workshop curriculum.
Doing something else helps to inspire my creativity by clearing my mind.
Eastern final....
Heat vs Celtics...Western final OKC vs.
Spurs....NBA final Heat vs.
OKC ....
Time is running out!
Less than 12 hours left before online registration for NAFSA12 closes.
Randomthought opened the door for you how can you be so disrespectful?
You might be a groupie lol RT I have the Lakers tatted if you didn't know!
yes definitely!
undocumented fritz.
No evidence lol
Hopefully my breakfast will get me up and movin..
One word text show you who doesn't like you
again, what does Cirque du Soleil have to do with movies  Oscars?
WE WANT MUPPETS!!!
Say 'beer can' with a British accent.
I just taught u how 2 say bacon with a Jamaican accent.
You're welcome!!
I'm about to head out to Wet 'N Wild.
And it's exactly what it sounds like.
A waterpark.
Perverts..
It's all happening!
Concert day is here!!
And we decided to just start calling his Hansoncon.
Because that's basically what it is.
YES YES A THOUSAND TIMES YES
I think the networks have a big part in that too.
Ugh, OT.
Now we will miss the whole first quarter of Lakers / Heat.
Get out the barf bags
Don't fall in love she's a beauty.
She's one in a million girls, one in a million girls..
Thank you 1st Wave..
So if Chip Kelly goes to TB, can we count on him doctorfting LaMichael James and Darron Thomas?
I've moved and I'm almost done unpacking.
Boyfriend in 3 days !:
haha!
So true!
Packer Hall of Fame.
Roam lot before game.
Eat a brat.
Have great time.
RT  Don't miss Stadium View tonite!!
Getting ready to Jason aldean 
It's krazy kobe nem take a L and some how lebron is the topic Haha smh
down is bad news.
I always suspect it is my fault.
Oh how I love So easy!
yes it was so good kept me guessing who was the dirty cop, but I knew it was the one it was.
ThoughtsWhileRunning I really want some Ice Cream right now
I'm using IA2011 to tweet from Saltmarsh's session.
Oh nevermind...
Y'all are already following us!!
Bahaha thanks for the follow!!
Sirk or Wilder, sounds like a plan.
someoneiwanttomeet all over again :
juxtaposition of the altmetric/decoupled journal guy with the speaker from Thomson Reuters  datacite program committee win
It makes me really happy to see come together.
Did today even happen, it was such a blur.
Leading when you are not THE leader.
Get the keys in my latest article at www.mikehensley.org
Seriously thinking about this EatingClean lifestyle.
8th grade holds all the best
Dominic's giving away tickets to see Corsair at the on 4/21 today during his show.
tune in at 91.1 fm!
Wonder if I'll be the only vegan at the sxsw panel
90's music 
: OMG!
mister Feeny is on Grey's Anatomy!
Beautiful day in Cali;
We got doctorgged through a system and got burned by crooked lawyers, and the list goes on and on.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?.
please???
Hotel California Eagles
I worked in journalism for a short while so the media never surprises me : Headline's last goal is to convey the fact/truth.
No.
And you're not following me back so I can't respond privately
U didn't have to cut me out.
I don't even need your love, you treat me like a stranger, and now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Also: If MSFT owns the streaming rights for MGM movies, then they could doctorve other studios to lower prices for Netflix, Vudu, etc.
please get back up now!
I need to run end of year reports.
Accountability is something that is left when responsibility has been subtracted.
Pasi Sahlberg, Dir.
of Finland's Ministry of Education
Man leaves occupyportland after mayor oks camp out.
it ruined the march, and has nothing to do with me wanting to sleep in my own bed.
LitFuse  We just coined a new term at LitFuse  Poop Fairy...
as in, James is sick he looks like a Poop Fairy.
Lmao.
Unncessary ass debate RT : Now the weight a woman 'should' be debate.
Yea.
You dudes is gay.
pretty freaking fantastic!!!!!
3 Working my way up to getting a Valentine:
Im sorry to all Sabres fans tonight.
1st time in while I just thought they had no chance.
Were down 30 early, was pissed.
Amazing comeback!
I just saw that doctorw Something punked us.
They didn't give you the right letters!
WTF!
Time 2 start picking out the records.
Bottle of Hennessy would be awesome right now.
RecordPartyAtMyHouse WhereYouAt?
I'm happy I can take my mom and grandma out and treat them to the movies.
It's not anything big but it's a start.
Just saw our promo during the Oscars!
Highlight of the night.
Finally : Mark Pickerel, Kaylee Cole  Kevin Large, Bryan John Appleby, Lucky Lawrence, Roy Kay, Kim Field  Lisa Theobold
i wasn't talking about that !
I was talking about the ones before !
Truth!
RT : The only thing that MIGHT make me feel better today is the hope of watching SDSU get killed by
welcome back to Miami!
How long are you planning on staying in town?
I've been on my couch sleeping like all day...GOOD
I can't wait for the concert tomorrow!!!!
Hopefully it's something I will always remember :
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE I LOOOVEEEEEE YOU CODYYYYY!!!!!!!!
meeting you was the best day of my LIFE!!
Teacher :  DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!
..
Students: Are you asking me out?OO
love this!
Not quite the formula we are using but I see room for improvement now :
gap band
What happens when you mix a very white lab, a skunk  tomato juice?
You get a pinkalicious pooch!
Poor old fella how embarrassing
sorry, but what tennis?
Not sure what you mean.
Getting people to follow instructions ...
Its the bane of a managers existence
3953 florida st Apt I, san diego, ca 92104
lol STL is hotter than Jaipur right now.
okay, so it's midnight there and noon here, but still...
STL is burning up.
RT Kobe walks in AAC, sees Jason Kidd and says, J, where's your cane, man?
attached to the broom we swept them with.
Sunday's would be way better if Monday didn't follow.
Just talked to Joe and is almost fully dilated so she should be going into labor soon!
betoorourke explains the need to respect Mexican national shoppers wanting to come into our community and our stores.
My iPhone and the radio are playing the same song!
To the club now
I'm starting to like this unfollowing shit though....plenty more to go I just shouldn't be following more then are following me period.
Congrats to on his Commodores win!
Watched the One Tree Hill Finale today...is this real???
It can't be.
RT : God does not need me.
R.C.
Sproul
baby come back!
You can blame it all on me!
C:
How is the weather where everyone else is?
You can only imagine what it is here.
Great!
Going to be a really good project.
Interview went swimmingly!
Naked Lunch in my pants
Dayum faith long time no tweet on this twitter
Forgot my mug today which made my coffee twice as expensive then normal :
or get a tattoo lol
Will do!
Our donation jug had two dollars in it!
I know where one came from, but who doctorpped the second??
Responded to VACATE  7 Roff Street, Staten Island, NY 10304 and helped 3 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
RT : The Oregon State Fair begins next week!
What's your favorite part of the fair?
I love it when you tweet!!
Busy days can only mean that everything is going the right direction
That's it...
I'm gonna have to buy some of your delish lip balms ASAP!
Your tweets are making my mouth water!
LilWayneSongsILove President Carter
This is a bit out of character, but I would do unspeakable things for a PBR right now.
Why the fuck do I have to watch my mouth when you can't even go a fucking day without swearing!?
pissed 
S/O to my lil sis for being able to record a song for the new twilight movie soundtrack.
Yep.
I'm going back to the CJ.
I'm going to cover Oldham County.
I made it for the first time last year.
Fun.
Good luck!
Switch to the Chicago tab on www.crowdclick.com to get the Brumder Mansion at 50 off!
10 Orin Swift Palermo.
Napa Cabernet as only misterPhinney makes it.
Very forward.
Big dark berry nose, huge flavor, developing.
91 pts
Good stuff!
I like.
Let's go let's go let's go!!
Spending the weekend at the farm...
I'm trying to escape everything :
Hooray from all of us  now hurry back you have work to do!
read about 'spreadable media' RT UCLA Mediascape: Speculations on Virtual  Viral Witness to Human Rights Crises
Have you ever divided your can of soup into 2.5 servings?
Watch out for serving sizes in nutrition labels to count your calories correctly!
so what did you think?
hahaha one day you'll get it.
like what can she do you skipped one class to do work?
In May, EU is hosting a workshop on tools for management of legislative content, particular to XML.
im back bitch
Let's go get some food bro
omg ong omg omg im glad u read it and thanks for following me.
:/ .
Hold it together !
: I'm not totally opposed to JmmMorales but what about Danny Garcia???
Justsaying
I'm reading a physical newspaper.
Like, printed on paper.
Just thought you should know.
Visitors to Miller Park can get their photo w/a life size cutout of sayin'
and by work you mean serf porn and masturbate right?
right
FFOR EATING A DAMN COOKIE
Congrats, Beverly awesome NEWS!
Gary Pruitt leaving McClatchy to run AP is headline
Having a truly beautiful Sunday in New York.
Feeling very blessed and filled with gratitude!!
Yo loving the SWAG on tha BLOG youguys OWN !!!!
Great catching up with you and !
Such a great meeting, wasn't it?
More soon on compdb!
When the pain of adding to a giant message board thread is lower than the pain of not, you add to the giant thread.
Next, doctornk a beer.
lol No!
i want you to kno this !
From Baby to Boyfriend 3 From NeverSayNever To Believe 3 has changed so much I will always be a True Belieber 3
Pregaming Boston means exotic kale and fruits.
grownup
has a cat.
Cassidy I need all the hairballs so I can sell them on etsy as organic keychains
: that's horse shit , he has lots of balls.
This is what I hear at work ...
Lmfaoo Brian!!
Just made some really good juice/ice tea!
:D
Me and 2 beers.
;
Yes indeed.
Please feel free to DM me so we can get in touch.
Watching Crash Course videos like a boss to review for APWH.
guy who sold it to me told me wrong.
I've a new phone, but you pretty much can't do anything on it.
Since the data plan is so low!
ha we have a hound who likes schedules, he starts.whinning and howling around 6:30.
I feel ur pain :
So desperate for news, having to settle for CNN because MSNBC is running prison shows.
Like getting instant instead of brewed.
That moment when you go out with some friends and forget your wallet at the house
Hanging out on our couch helps...
Alright come on Dolis.
Working late.
The world of Manhattan real estate is picking up the pace.
Deals being done  multiple offers everywhere!
Great day at CG!
doctorp In  Crafting, Glass Fusing and a craft party!
haha right ?
Where's josh at?
Lol.
It's all or nothing
Okay so I followed every1 who follows me and fuccck ya unfollowers : unfollowed all of you too 3 lol.
Amen to that!
RT A new season awaits you.
New beginnings.
New opportunities.
New levels.
This is your time.
Watching another trial.
Shame on the state for prosecuting peaceful citizens for exercising their rights under the First.
Band practice tonight.
YAY!
: forced recycling with she hates the planet but loves diet coke.
granola cruncher.
Crunching cans dirty
RT : Ron Artest will be suspended before the 3rd quarter in Game 2.
I see u all over my news feed or twitter feed or wateva its called lol calmm downn
We are the gunners!!!The Best the world has ever Seen...
Please don't riot.
We have midterms to think about.
lol I'm just kidding, I just got a little frustrated lol
America is a weird country.
Don't deny yourself what you
EDM PLAYGROUND BACK ON AIR w/  DJKRYS1S SPECIAL GUEST DJS TONIGHT TUNE IN RIGHT NOW!
www.xradio.biz HOUSE
how are you???
you did incredible on the Kids Choice Awards!!!
you are such an inspiration to me 3 have a nice day 
Of course!
And you should totally get a dog.
Ryan Dempster dinged for missing the anthem this year, they weren't playing O' Canada were they???
yeah he FINALLY got out of the hospital after being in there for 9 days!
So glad.
Thanks!
: 3
Oh but then you gotta come to Sweden!
;3
Quick stop in Compton
EVEN IF YOU WERE BROKE MY LOVE DON'T COST A THING.
lmfao ugh.
aww I'm sorry girl: so why don't you have your license?
finale right now!!
Curious to see how all this ends!
Good morning World!!!
Just Woke Up Feelin Good Ready To Get This Money!!
Eye infections are just freakin awesome...
at least you're proactively scheduling your laziness.
Mine shows up unannounced when I have tons of crap to do.
Tina Fey or Kristen Schaal as the workers' cult leader.
Cigars here I come.
Yall been waiting 20 minutes to long!
Lol
I don't have.
Your number bro bro
do tell
can i get a follow back please
With the
heaven knows how to put a proper price on its goods.
And a big happy bday to my wonderful brother, Bri.
here's to another 40 filled with vim  vigor.
Can You Follow me please?
Thanks, I Love You I'm proud of be Directioner 
favorite actor i've ever worked with: Gina Torres.
Such a sweetheart.
no we can't
Want to have your voice heard?
Rabbits Black is accepting guest show reviews all next week.
Going to a show?
Get it published!
DM us 4 info.
I luv ya Pamela!
I just gave hannah a bunch of 's ;
See, the knowledge is in the books!!
Documentaries are like books but without all the reading and research.
I'm no Jezebel; I have no eunuchs.
Sisters big 18th birthday
I have a .NET windows app I want to authorize to a web apps SQL db.
Is web service way to go here?
lol Crystal u way late
Hey there, I'm also an author and live in Chicago, I write on the paranormal with some spiritual bitsI'd love to meet sometime!
The release date for our album Vultures is January 24th 2012!
Just set it today, everyone get ready for a crazy new years!
Lets see if the knicks can break the 70 point barrier tonite
Bah humbug to the USPS for being lazy asses and not delivering mail to my house yesterday
He's contrarian.
It's what he does.
I also think he's speaking to a larger group of fanswe definitely have whiners.
Happy to be back in Alaska...
I missed it more than I thought.
the way shook the shit out of and started wilding out LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bet!
I heard at 140Cuse and I'm sure the panel setting will be even better.
Good luck!
UMM.
Do you see what she does to us?
a hug doesnt help us right now.
it's Dlist celeb couples on Vh1.
Like Hulk Hogan's ex.
I'm all in.
My Beloved grows right out of my own heart, how much more union can there be.Rumi cc:
Never have more childoctorn than you have car windows
I seen nothing :O.
You're not at school?
Its not very hard to NOT get blocked from goldie.
Very simple..
Don't ask dumb questions.
Trying to watch game from MN but blacked out here..
guess we're try to stream it
Briere?
He is really good for nothing except dumb penalties.
What the hell is wrong with him?
Breaking: one dead after shooting in Pickaway County.
Investigators on scene.
Shooter still on loose.
Hope you haven't forgotten about PinkPurple !
You can get KnowHowToDance  UhOhh on iTunes now
Show some love to great thing ahead!
Handling my life is challenging these days.
i don't know about love me...but strong like is a high possibility
Obama may not be the perfect president, but he's better than the alternative.
Mitt would be an even worse puppet than GW!
Dont try to play me on the internet i will shove u in a locker dude.
Nice ; RT : Having my own Ferris Bueller's Day Off today.
Slept in.
Cranked stereo.
Sang in the shower.
Now off to hit the town.
sosea livestream begins at 7pm PDT i.e.
Pacific.
Been nice, if confusing to begin summer time in March
I hope im lucky enough to get followed by you3
People just don't get life.
Neither do businesses...
The Buckeyes are on to the Elite 8 after their 8166 win against Cincy.
1 Syracuse is up next.
OH !!!
Tomorrow's a jam packed day full of Bowl games, keep an eye out for chances to win free Scorzies!
That 2 o'clock feeling ....
RT : I seriously feel like my brain doesn't power up until I get coffee.
Anyone else?
Go ner an bthar leat  May the road rise with you.
Happy St.
Pats Day!
haha just lol'd in class, yeah emoticon check it out I'm obsessed 
Have you had a chance to go outside and enjoy the weather today?
We created our New Years card today!!!
2012 get ready for the Sashes and Crowns girls!
Go Team!
Is that teenage white boy really sagging his PAJAMA pants?
And what is he doing with 8 jars of Goober Grape?
Great day to run it's 68 degrees
You can come back later and add to the GDoc we are using tonight.
so, umm..there's a twitter account for your penis, just thought you might want to know.
Are y'all at the Library?
listening to The Adventures of Sam Spade, eating lamb shank, mashed potatoes, and mashed parsnips  best lunch ever
while installation is based in LA we are curious to lean more about the photographers in your roster.
Cheers!
Finally done with class..
time to go home and do a crazy amount of homework
Dermal fillers are simple injections and have a minimum down time.
I would argue that this is already the case in many cities!
LMSunSIG dartmouth may keep Bb, may switch, but is dependent on faculty
Rate the following: Great White, Rasp Brown, DT Brown, JW red with Coors Light Chaser, Guiness while in the land o' the Irish
: she's precious
miss u guys.
sometimes lurk ako pero hectic!!
I'm sorry to those who may have been looking for an opportunity to do some TV work but I've decided to stay true: I'm doing films only.
Jeb Bush on Zim....wow, when Fredo chimes in on the side of justice you know it's an obvious, bad situation.
Geez...
Hop back up as I start to slide...
Yea, that's what happens when I gave my true opinion of her to my bf, then he tells her everything.
He asked for it.
Happy Anniversary to and !!
Also, happy birthday to the lady!
HILARIOUS AND SO TRUE RT : You read The Hunger Games before everyone else?
Aren't you a Hunger Games hipster.
overtime rules
Thank you much!
I'll doctorp you a line when it comes through.
Game 6 in Boston Celtics vs
Glad you enjoyed the show.
So....how do we compare?
Old lady working at McDonalds?
I'm youthful and still don't have a job.
Well, I think they'll be headed to the golf course tomorrow.
The curse of being a Capitals fan.
Cricket: Australian quicks excite Arthur
freaking brilliant game brother
YeS ...
im not taking my shirt off
which one?
bueller?
Blink182 on Saturday, but the jury's out on that for now.
How was the Blind Melon show?
Hi Pam!
So glad the blog helped you.
Let's chat.
Email me.
just spit my doctornk everywhere LOL
i like the jump, kinda an equalizer
Get up, Kettle bell clean, barbell clean  press, bent over barbell row, medicine ball push up, single leg dead lift,
loved skypeing for 2 hours today.
I miss you so much!
I've also taken to screaming every time our poor Guinea pig moves because I think it's the mouse.
Yet the g.pig is the larger rodent.
speaking of videos.....
Tomorrow is customer appreciation day at The Blind Man.
We will be celebrating with live radio remotes, free food  more.
TheBlindManNM.com
When doesn't tweet, I think the poor wench has died.
GYLO  uncapitalized startup trying to be the next Knewton.
Not clear what their value add is or competitive advantage.
For the most part, it is generally agreed that any person over the age of 16 should have an identification card
I can blow 700 on a pair of shoes.
That's really not a lot.
Search terms that brought people to ThePublicprofessorssr website: 14th century cartoons; campaign against president hoover cartoon; old tv sets
Success it's within your grasp reachout and grab it.
Perfect motto for
I don't think anyone understands my obsession with pork egg rolls like theyre just way too good
I was just bout to wash the car but it bout to rain
DJ forgot the records
Up in the gym just working on my fitness
when is ya rr?
What way?
Ppd?
totally in!
I vote for..
Keep up the hustle breh..
when do you get out ??
Happy President's Day!
Happy hour starts at 4pm!
3 house wine, 3 rail doctornks, 3 select doctorfts until 7pm!
We're celebrating Library Week by celebrating librarians at the PSLA conference on 4/12!
thanks again for all of your help!
We are learning learning learning!
I got a big weekend coming up!
Check out my schedule on my page  come on thru for it all!!!
I have that CD.
Somehow.
If has people smoking pot around childoctorn I think A call to child services is necessary.
GoodLifeSaturdays  Club Saga be there!!
Grown  Sexy!!
You know you're skilled when you get 11,00 tickets and still have two bags full of them..
:
What a waste of 10 bucks.
I shouldn't have spent that 
How many feeds do you people have?
I checked DispatchAlerts.
I don't think he loss steam, Dave.
The Rays made him get it up.
Unearnies.
Real patient ABs late.
hey Brian.
Thanks man.
I hope you are doing great man.
I had a blast this weekend.
Thanks for tweeting :
Bye guys love !!
see you tomorrow !
: Love xoxox !
Very sweet performance by and now back to the awards!!
Here comes Common and Taraji for best R  B Album
Wow lol butt i still wanna know how i changed b/c i don't think i have changed /3
AustinTo700K 3 Yes, to :D x
truth, sir, truth.
S/O to her y'all
Come on NJ
RT : loving something is to realize an aspect that it can be lost in the physical, but not in the heart or mind.
What warms you up on a day like today?
It's hot tea  honey for me right now Kristin Burns
And...our van broke down.
We are cursed.
What a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship
Zo!
Sy Smith at doctorM, New York City NY  May 3, 2012 NEW YORK STAND UP FOR SY!
lmaoo you'll just have to wait and see
Exciting for all the local followers.
Gahanna's Stoneridge plaza SHOULD now be your hotspot for lunch today.Try the 's lunch!
I would see it for Emily Blunt.
Heres another freestyle i did today..
Dating Tip 2: Grab a bucket and wash your car.
Ferrari, Mercedes, Hyundai Your ride is an extension of your personality.
Bella will you please follow me ??
:
All I got is my truth and fear tactics aren't going to keep me from saying them!
All we need is love.
Somebody set a dog on fire in PG.
is robynbanks lol gosh u don't tweet me no more I don't be feeling loved smh
Me, too!
If the three car alarms going off simultaneously ever stop!
Goodnight all y'all.
: 
The Major General of each divisions division will select three men who will value the price of each gun of the departing soldier.
/// GO!!!
RT : .
sent me a beat yesterday that added 77777HP to my lifebar, instantly.
Snow day today.
.
.it's crazy out there!
Oh and I left my headphones too so i cant listen to music on my phone arewethereyet?
are you coming to the house for Greek sing?
Tim tebow baby, all 49ers fan here but i knew when he used to smash my  kentucky wildcats, dude is just a winner!
What more can u do ppl
This is right in step with the model privacy work you are doing and even here in Seattle
.
aren't part of the NorthCountyBoB, but seriously check 'em out.
Good homegrown hiphop.
kiss your boss's feet.
Another day in the life of me...
I wonder when this long nightmare will end?
Hmm...
WAFFLE HAPPY HOUR IS GOING ON NOW!
Telling the cashier Behold the Power of Waffles and you will get you a discount on all waffles!
got you!!
BBN prints are now available of my Miller picture, as well as Cal w/trophy and Cal hugging Davis.
17 shipped
Friends turnt to enemies, enemies turnt to friends 
hey Andoctorw!
: can you follow me!?
wrong person sorry what is it?
most definitely the piano keys.
Currently playing in my office: Freak Nasty  Da' Dip...awesome.
: Come on Irene, oh I swear what he means...at this moment  you mean everything
lol when u have a callous from bars and it rips off when u swing around the bar
doctorNKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER?
It raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite.
Best doctornk cold/add lemons/splash of juice
Thanks for the follow back from our newest followers!
I look forward to sharing!
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected!
Russel H.
Conwell
She probably just noticed me sitting here in the dark; the automatic lights go off if you don't move for a while.
would love to have that just getting up feeling instead of that just went to bed feeling..
oh well
Count me in.
oh ok!
Thanks: xo
Can hypnosis help you break the smoking habit?
Read a great guest post from Jon Rhodes at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com.
Quark.
I'm sure he'd know all the loopholes.
The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp.
The reader, reading it, makes it livea story.
excellent website  thanks!
Would you consider maybe comming to lubbock for a concert??because i know a lot of mahomies who would go;
Hello and !
Thanks for following and very pleased to meet you!
same here ...
Insomnia sucks
hey send us some cotton candy vendors in left field...
We're dying out here!
Yeah, that's probably true.
lol it's ok I'm tried : I had a lot of work today .
how are you feeling?
looks like a side pony haha are the curls falling out!?
could be where you are sticking it too  the cheap ones are more picky about how they are sitting
turns out i don't have to get my wisdom teeth until july lol
listening to the news: recession is over, commodities are up, unemployment is up, dollar is down...
something doesn't gel.
And an iphone
I cannot wait for love, but if it's coming as fast as he did well, shit that's two minutes well spent that she spent with him
hey girl hey
Helping others achieve their goals helps you achieve yours.
hellurrrr of course I did!
tomorrow its going to be an unforgetable day
I think I enjoy working bc it keeps a lot off my mind that I rather not think about
Old ways won't open new doors..
Quite a glittering assemblance, King Stefan.
Royalty, nobility, the gentry,  ...haha how quaint!
Even the rabble.Maleficent
Wondering what I should make for dinner.
Probably BBQ chicken, corn on the cobb, and a salad.
Maybe blueberry muffins too.
For those realignment junkies like me, has been calling this ACC situation for a long time.
Definitely worth the follow.
twitterrific!
: thanks so much for doing that!!
Did he seem mad at me?
no problem, nice post!
Thanks for the Follow Friends!
Have a great day!
Hello Amy: Great to talk to you here.
Robert
Nobody could ask for a better friend than So good to be reuinted with brochacho after 3 weeks away!
you better be ready!
man.......I so appreciate your work.
Much love sir.
In Lusaka they are doing all sorts of business from selling cloths to putting up giants massive infrastructure
Too early man...
So tired really dont feel like going to school today
A fruit punch Brisk would be good right now.
.
Everyone was Born as an ''Original'', dont Die as a Copy
happy birthday3
did you know?A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
trying to start a fire in the hearts of this generation!!!!!
but...websites suck.lol
Check out the Z bench!
super clever tailgate equipment
Ghost Adventures tonight?
Amazed at how ppl complian when flight is delayed!
If they don't like it walk!
we appreciate you looking out for us
I love spending time with my bf
Halftime dunk contest is about to start.
Watching my favorite show smash are amaxing!
Want to be on this show so bad!
Yeah you can.
If He wins 2 more, you can make a real good argument
lol, well you'll never know !
it could happen..
Heck the Mavs did it...
i cried like a big ol' baby...
FF Fantasy Analysts!
You need to mix in some condensed milk while it's hot!
Takes out the bitter
Chiodos  D.R.U.G.S
Make it nasstyy ;
MUSICREVIEWS Feeder return to the mainstream with a vengeance in new album Generation Freakshow.
Following the Renegades 'experiment', w
Road 2 final pilot: Steve on www.unpwnradio.com tonight, SAT Summer Poolooza!
w 7/20 SHOWTIME
simply the truth
Order TEA from THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE and get a personal JAZZ cd from us to enjoy with your
Hi Anise, a big fan, Kitty Hawk on EA
Waiting for the dentist to stab and doctorll me!
You'd think with how hot that sounds I'd be excited...
flaherty, on , says european economies are flat, alluding to their arduous environmental review process.
RT I got a 'goodnight' from as we left Miller Park 2night.
Only bright spot of my day.
Get a W tomorrow, Crew!
Kamloops Blazers, Portland Winterhawks look to renew bitter WHL playoff rivalry
What's up everybody
haha u r really pretty!!!
ESPN News  No.
1 Syracuse upset by Notre Dame, 6758; Murray State only remaining unbeaten team
im am wasting 30 bucks for a one day thing!
I love throwing up at walmart
Someone like you!
Thanks.
We like you too!
Congrats to the BaylorBears on winning the women's NCAA championship.
I can't wait for the cleaning party that is about to take place on sunday
that's crazy.
It's for the best though.
Oh the time suck, the glorious, horrible time suck.
so what's the population of porland?
Oh, around a million
naw ur to sweet to be mean
Sleeping now goodnight folks
Want to help us out with a Fox59 Face Off?
Come on and argue against the gun bill that would let guns in LOS.
Msg me!
let's see if it breaks beyond hippie epicenters ;
Just had a nightmare...
:
teacher : kat stand up Kat williams : b.tch i am standing up
My former and current places of residence are playing right now.
Can't believe I'm saying this, but go NC State!
youknowurfat when you sweat in the shower
I love you Kaylie!
Don't Change Music Soulchild 
Hello friends if you are at one of our markets, we would love for you to checkin on Facebook or Yelp!
Thank you for the support!
love love love ALL the characters in downtownabbey.
Love the writing in , but I just finished season 3.
So convoluted!
I just hallucinated and thought I saw a hot dog on my bedoctorom floor.
Time to get ready for work...the wieners are callin me!
What's that?
you rock.
the world should follow you.
Thanks for the RT!
if you looked like a boy..
Maybe
Pop Chips Rule
A Valentine's Day Haiku for via Oh, LaBarbera All of your tweets and traffic They make me tingle
that was a heartbreaking piece of writing.
It felt like a punch in the gut, but you nailed it.
The technology that is continually changing has peeked the interest of millions
It's Heart time, in honor of my favorite singer: Ann Wilson, Happy birthday!!!.
lol I got game
Which reminds me, just heard  enjoyed yr interview on Marc Maron's WTF.
Great condo, really interesting stuff re physicalcomedy
Wild day on the turnpilke in Florida from the shooting, sad.
Kitchen is open til midnight.
Beautiful ppl!
Eat!
doctornk!
Dance!
Mingle!
!
Pick ANY 1st year starter  go look up 1.
stats, 2.
wins, 3.
playoff success.
All three combined makes Tebow Top 5 in last 20yrs
Hi.....u r really hot....i need followers...will u plz follow me...btw i folow u 2...il b glad if a hot grl lyk u follow me
Taking a moment to enjoy the coffee before the storm.
Have a great Friday all!
.....
ya'll said kansas was better cause of their talent NO BITCH!!!!!
Dont work that way Kentucky BUST THAT ASS!!!!
What he clearly did was pretty bad but he did it as a kid.
Not as an adult.
The question is did he learn from what happened?
Thank you !
wondering if today will be the day that all 70 public computers are in use at once  and what will happen
then we have to start all over with the amount of likes we get.
but in no way am i saying your opinion is wrong.
Last time Vin Scully missed Opening Day was in 1977...Dodgers went to the World Series that year, BTW.
PrivacyEnhancing principle of NSTIC includes following Fair Information Privacy Practices and limited attribution sharing
Weiner is stepping down.
New York TImes
Gorgeous night at Olympic Sculpture Park  next Thursday is the last summer salsa night!
You can call it that.
But only if you and your family are preapared to deal with paparazzi like cc
The entire week at school I'm going to be thinking about Basketball
Busy week!
Among other things, looking fwd to the operas and also ELEKTRA at Oh, yeah  auditions  planes etc...
Anyone missing the banquet is crazy!
This is deliciously adorable!
thank god our savior for life 
For those running broad st, an oppty to run 4 a cause: Almost 9k in a wk?
This is big, Team CcTC!
youvegotthis 25kchallenge 
lol no hope for them now barely had hope with rose
if i had a son he'd look like sean couturier.
I don't think I've ever chugged water that fast..
RT : A bet with my Boss.
He says Twitter is a waste of time.
He will give 50p per RT I get but I give him 10 if I don't get 10
I can imagine!
Our office is in love with our tea kettle.
Thousand ones up in my pocket ima make her dance
OMG!
Forever smiling!
3 thank you!
How do dogs say thank you?
hows our biggest fan?
Stalberg should be done for the night he's been horrible all series
I am sexy and I know it lol
You are a very sick distrubed animal, I hope law enforcement starts investigating your family cult soon!
website what is the name of the big photo website that starts with an M?
MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways through thick  thin  good  bad love you miley.e
I met with VP of WB Casting Tom Burke  his Assitant Richard Parkinson.....Both So Genuine  Authentic!
oMG every1 zayn lykes a foOD LET'S ALL EAT THAT FOOD kaykay
Same to u.
Specials all night!!!!
Lunch time at CITEconf.
Who's hungry for mobile apps?
; Taptera booth is near the food, come say hi!
There is really no polite way to eat chicken BBQ
Ah, centroids would do the trick.
Thanks, will check in about that
is feeling the love tonight.
Thanks for posting the show with !
CrossFit on every corner.
No one has education or experience, just claims to be an exathlete.
It is great for my physical therapy practice!
will it help if I dare you?
Because I know she creeps my Twitter, I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Beth, was is my biggest fan, editor and influence.
what have you been doing?
and I are ab to start insanity soon
nah man I can't lol but I'm trying!
Getting out played by journeymen and retreads.
Aside from Ichiro, not one Mariner position player would start for the Red Sox.
Trying to fit social media into a jampacked schedule?
Stop thinking more; start thinking more creatively.
Lemonfarming  how to look at failure on route to making lemonade.
Brilliant
Only 6 more days with my seniors...
Lyon continues: But even if you can't identify to the point of being Trayvon Martin, why do ppl like to say it?
Performative question.
Little worried about my stuff getting locked into weird Final Cut X format, though...
What aunts are good for: introducing nephews to Twitter!
why are people so fake
I need several.
Will probably stop tomorrow on my way back to cle!
All I can say is if you disagree with me about something, by all means.
Challenge me.
I want to hear it.
But give me a VALID argument.
I'm so excited about LeapDay but I have no idea what to do about it.
yeap one moment:
are they really?
But it was so good why would they chang it?
Lillibridge is almost as fast as me on the base paths!
Between this and in playoffs is why I love May!
RT : It's heating up here!
12 cars on track right now.
Thank you!
I couldn't have done it without your support and encouragement.
Love you!!
How old is your baby?
36 months.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3?!
got hella fans out here in Memphis now that's
Oh meetings, stop getting in the way of my nats baseball
woww soo you like eminem right:
About what?
lol
I'm still freezing
Hopefully at least some of them emailed you with the understanding that it would take longer to hear back :
Same here.
I look forward to linking with you.
: nice to meet you via 
Back the last weekend in May...
I better be seeing youus
thanking all of my cute followers ;
SBTB bronchitis explosion.
81 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating with Latin honors overall.
May 11 is deadline for LA Archaeological Institute of America undergrad fieldwork scholarship apps.
Message me for an app if interested.
Can you put my name on the Jumbo Tron tonight??
;
Happy New Year 2012
So ready for summer :
lata Twitter and hope you will follow inlovejnb...
CONGRATS!!!!!
RT: 2 Grammy Nominations!!!!!
Thanks so much to all of you for your support and love!!!
It has to return for a 2nd season!
RT: : Didn't know whether I would, but I'm liking Scandal.
or Reggie Jackson was able to develop faster.
Lol
You call yourself my best friend ?
Right, learn what a friend is.
You're terrible at it.
If He doesn't get mad I'm gonna change his name to Vna cause he's a vag now
Late to the party but fuck yeah!!
Go Badgers!
Muck Fichigan.
mainly their friends and fellow artists.
The guy I know sold his music as a senior in h.s.
to impressionable freshmen.
Haha.
Health Warfare  The concept of interlacing a hazard within a healthy promoting remedy.
Ron Artest will go to prison before this series is over
auditions were like day 7 or 8.
It all happened so fast but right after you graduate you have to go through the agency
There is no rhyme for silver, but if you climb a hill verrry slowly, you can almost make it go.
See?
My wife thinks my hairstyle is from the 90's.
I think I'm going to let her chop it up.
And I probably should read one, shouldn't I, so I can be in the know...
ABC News is reporting that George Zimmerman did take a serious beating.
I'm guessing Reverend Al's going to gloss over this update.
2,000th hit a dinger.
That's why Placido Polanco are two of my cat's middle names.
There's an ex that I would beat the shit out of if I saw him again.
The rest of them, totally cool with.
Watching five waiters try to pick the lock of a bathroom door with two butcher knives.
Explosions in the Sky Pandora...there is no better way to have a Friday Night Lights relapse/withdoctorwl...except maybe John Carter.
Ref should call a foul on the CBS director for taking that high camera angle so much.
crazy since NYPD is cutting 33 from high crime areas in efforts to balance out the numbers in other places
The Hurt Locker is by far the most effective film yet on the Iraq war.
Export to H.264 native, no encode, and import into prog
hope we learn to use this equipment soon  you should have a martini!
RT : Life is like water.
We want to hold it in our hands, But it flows through our fingers.
Make everyday count!
Edit once, twice, a million times!
Two proofreads are never enough.
Typos, I hate you.
WHAT?!?!
We have 1/2 of our group in Milwaukee already filled with women looking to meet new friends!
AWESOME!!!!
Susan Bennett quoting Mark Hanna: Two things important in politics.
First is money and I can't remember the second
everyone's going!
Great!
from my team will be in touch to set something up.
cool!
My ma got me this ring years ago.
meeting with her team of doc's about her cancer today.
Perhaps it'll bring luck
Thanks for the shout out : Always makes for a good Friday.
Tell her she's beautiful instead of hot.
She's a person, not a temperature.
SmokingWhackyTobacco RT : no 1 n I mean no 1 torches chris paul
My third book should be a go by the end of the month.
I am also currently editing a childoctorns book, and have outlined an epic story.
MayTheFourth be with you.
lol.
Bad look for the pac12.
Anthony Collins ended up way netter than I ever thought he would.
I was way off in him.
don't you have diapers to change.
RT Started the day with best cup of coffee ever.
delishhhh
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
Shake that ass on the floor call that shit a ass quake
what time r u umpiring tomorrow
I don't need a declaration by anyone else to know that Rupert Murdoch is unfit to lead.
Just look at his newspapers and TV news stations.
Having known him for 12 years, worked with him for 9...that's not always a good idea!
:
A special thank you to for being such a fantastic panelist at the Cyber panel discussion today!
Kicked off my campaign by havin' a gopher stompin' contest  Depaul!
May have accidentally stomped some students passed out in the gutter..
I'm a big fan of the cheese map!
I know that a FEW passed on this thick, homecooking, housecleaning, supportiveofmyman, sexy siren,  now REGRET it!
Goodnight.
Swag.
Love you guys.
you know is in Cannes, France right now right?
wow, lots of new followers i promised if you follow me i will in return follow you..
shout outs coming soon...
I like that ocean breeze wet, wet  yeah  I said it!
Thanks Mitch!
when people say to stop trying God says keep going move on have faith!
dont let anyone bring u down.
NeverSayNever right?
:3
1 twitter unfollowed you : snooping on yr personal life: r u going to derby?
if so msg/call me
Enzo update coming as soon as I hear from the doc later this morning.
:
action item is there
nominations open now12/28 for ArtWorks!
Gwinnett's arts awards
Blue jeans are the most beautiful things since the gondola Diana Vreeland
All well, thanks, hope everything is going well at your end!
Looks like you're doing some interesting work!
2 separate events in sequence.
But hashtag is NITLE for both.
Go Local is among the people!
Come by on Armitage, mention this tweet, and get a GoLocal card!
Man, they better get a CBA deal done.
This is MADNESS!!!
Football's my therapy, my medicine!
I'm gonna be unstable without it!
I am the happiest when my whole family is together!
Lost my Kindle on an airplane.
Delta wasn't much help, but the customer service at Amazon was pretty close to spectacular.
Very happy.
that's what everyone is saying.
Where do we get a summary?
Tim Tebow is going to practice with the vikings this week, to get more confident in his ability
Email not working on openingday.
This must be a sign.
If you need us, call!
Or walk on over.
We'll be by the elephant ears in the park!
Wondering how I should break this bad news to the director
I suck at life today.
most everyone is up, just watching NBA playoffs
I like it when a girl knows what they're talking about shit is rare nowadays.
The day I am able to get relocated to the new apartment I owe you whatever you want from Whataburger.
I promise.
Annoyed that PVCC is teaching basic web page design in Front Page 2003; they say they're going to Google Web docs next semester little late
.
why am I even following people  they don't even follow back..
hmm easy as that le unfollows now we're even.
In case you are one of those people I love in Seattle, hit me up.
I'm here for the weekend.
guess what i did there.
Mahalo if you follow meh, I ain't talking bout twitter this reality
Hello, Friday!
So nice to see you again!
And Onto You As Well...
oh thats funny that you would believe that.
Quite funny indeed.
I've been so busy moving out all day I've forgotten to eat
: and that is an important lesson!
Come see Chance and Necessity at Theatre J tonight at 7:30!
A play by CUA professor Jon Klein.
IT'S FREE!
And if you get in you pay to ship and get yourself there for the shows, etc.
Time to Clean ....but its always better when i jam out to 33
yeah...
And Poor myspace, all alone...
;
I've been at tables like that more than once in my life.
I can pull the trigger and have.
when can you come to Waco,TX and Selena Gomez is coming to Baylor in Waco,TX YYAYAYYAYAYAY!!!!!
: Hope you see this!
RT
Attention Austin liberals!
Put down that latte.
Looking for a paid internship?
of Stanford Campaigns might be looking for you.
Heading to Manhattan with all Levitis clan.
Then my vocals preparing for my big day.
If I told you I loved you, would you believe me..........
I love everyone.
Well, except Kansas, as per usual.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
Thursday night from 5:308:30 Pm.
Come in and Visit!
I passed a gas station last night that was 3.69.
I need to focus on myself .
thank u mama
no i putting cali in my future plans
AHAHAHAAHAHA YOUR TOO FUNNY !!!!!!
I think I doctornk too much cherry coke 
Well I wish OKC would've won but it was still a good game
Life is very mysterious, don't you think?

That is the EXACT SAME THING that I tell people.
Have a great Friday everyone.
Take care this weekend.
Don't do doctorgs!!!
If you do, then don't do a lot of them.
Peace to the Middle East!
Monday's metadata word use count was only 2.
We were installing Archivematica most of class instead.
yes!!!
Great to connect here!
Dammit, waitlisted : Sorry,I live in a lesbianrich environI just cant take anymore right now.Get in line
Its an aday i hope my plan works cuz i wanna go to mb circus
Catching up on last week's episode of V.
Fun friday!
Have any great plans for the weekend?
Its sad when they don't accept you for who you are.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
Thanks, Lisa!
Hope you enjoy.
And even if you don't, please leave feedback.
: : Jazz players considering punching fire extinguishers in the locker room right now HAHA
Single doesnt mean Im looking for somebody
NEW SONG IS SO SICK!
:
Thank you so much!
I had a great day.
If you're a mom, happy mother's day!
How have u been?
How was the concert?

Axl being Axl.
I suppose if he were still relevant, I'd care.
;
I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you.
Psalm 119:11  Daily Bible
I've been laying here for the past half hour.
I need to get up and take advantage of this beautiful morning.
Procrastinator Monday.
Who will crawl out of the woodwork today and expet me to be a superhero CPA?
Or better yet, wait until next week!
Confession: I just ate Jack In The Box in the fitness room of my parents' building while watching Nick at Night.
So much shame.
When people start convos on twitter 
vaforum12 Love to see people excited about their workClifford Ambers doing detectivework about VA indigenous grapes.
What a fucking joke.
at least you r not the one that sings from the top of your lungs pretending you're talking on the phone!
Show your love and support like the ski new York page on Facebook.
Why does the doctors office always take so long
I KNOW believe you.
Next time twitpic RT : I hope sees this Go hard in the trails fitness
Waiting for take off on flight to LAX and thinking that many colleges run like airlines: at capacity and no margins for error
That's a sweet start for inspiration.
I just pulled the trigger on a much uglier cx500.
No style, just stamina...I'm hoping.
lmfao okay you guys debate it out 750 is no 3D and 820 is 3D you guys decide
At this point I really don't know who would win out of them.
I think it would go down to the end and be a controversial finish.
Looking forward to feeding you tonight
Old people are basically like toddlers.
Do not question the Collinsworth.
When the man says you need a visual aid, you need a visual aid.
Watching Emmys and eating a big bag of funyuns, goodlife :
Neevveerrr will I beg like Im crazy for to follow me..
Its a waste of time because he still havent..
prob wont
you did AMAZING tonight!
You deserve every minute of it..I am SOO proud of you and the Boyz.
3
Catching up on wknd tv I missed entourage  waiting for it to cool off before a light jog around
50/50 is a great movie.
It is so inspirational.
Thanks for your help today!
But your press releases are always very well crafted narratives portraying Goldsmith as the hero.
Thanks Doug.
Everything in Paris sounds fucking romantic.
RT : Its pouring in Paris.
yeah I feel u on that...thats a must...good luck ;
missing you so much!
Je t'aime.
lakers are sucking right now.
Cheeseburgers from the grill French fries baked beans.
And brownie sundaes for dessert.
doctorams is not a sure, realizng them needs payng dues.
Jst doctoramng is like roling cloud, nevr leavng a trace behind.
Magazine evolution RT How Magazines Are Adapting to the Mobile Revolution  on.mash.to/mTqswZ
kid I told you,it's Ray Charles to the fullest now jump up on that dck and do a full split.
There has been a change of plans in my life
To give beyond reason, to care beyond hope, to love without limit; to reach, stretch, and doctoram, in spite of your fears...
nw The Big Bang Theory
Tuesday lunch rager with my boy Will from Now off to doctorp the new issue of !
wow!
Huge congrats!
The work you guys do is so inspiring!
ahh!
I'm Googling all over the place.
RT: : iprefer substance...so many individuals lack that characteristic
Purpose Girls Academy launches coaching program for teen girls.Becomea PeerEmpowermentCoach.
It's time for our ladies to Look,Learnand Lead.
Happy Birthday  have a great day and can't wait to see you on the pitch!!
back following U
Do you think about me, like I think about you
ina a god mood : listening to SaySomethin by  AMAZING 3
Aww, how cute!
Happy Mother's Day!
:
At what point would you say someone has a platform?
Is it a  of followers, name recognition or something else?
I love that last tweet.
3
Haha I might have to check it out :
IslandMusic makes me happy.
:
Overheard on Metro
Just saw a solo that will likely be compared to 's solo.
Not quite as intense though.
its friday :
Failure is the most important thing in your life because it helps you learn how to do better says
wall street isn't a business, but yes that's the way biz works, more professort means u can expand your business
Nice fake tan Max.
I think even 's choice to use word evolve makes it easier for others to do the same.
so true.
Why can't we get this right?
Education is THE most important thing we can do.
It will foster job growth, decrease crime
Excited to meet at Rackspace tomorrow.
is the next big thing, you heard it here first!
Did you know that today is the last day to get buy one get one free fresh strawberry shake from 8pm to close!!!
no way jos!
i'm only taking two next year!!
:
My best friend's basement.
Her dad had a quadoctorphonic system, listened to Oscar Peterson.
His runs blew my mind.
Started a new project at work...I will now be regulating all the temperature and humidity in the galleries and in the historical house
Going to hang out with , Kelly, Clay, Jenna, and Kate.
Blue is real excited!
BreAnna you're so pretty.
:
bumping some of that reggae thanks for shout out follow if u looking for a video
I'm the guy in the middle FYI haha.
Interviews I feel went well but we will see.
Never know.
How are you?
Come on in out of the rain, and get in for Happy Hour!
2 Rainiers, 3 Sierra Nevada, 4 Wells, 6 Wine  Bloody Mary, 57pm
ItsAmazingHow much I can't stand you.
Looking forward to seeing Democrats from all over the county tonight at our annual Roosevelt Dinner!
Uhm you are on doctorgs
Crack kills!!!
Lol
Yes!
I love what you've created.
When will you be in the US?
Someone please teach Maria Sharapova how to make a proper fist.
many thanks for retweeting my original tweet to SO many people, daniella, ..SO HONoured.
Thank you, honey x
Your parents are awesome!
Your dad was blown away!
He was so excited to give me his card too.
Too cute.
I loved it : probably one I the best imagine stories I have read :
If you manufacture quality security products and would like to join the SSSi team of Manufacturing Partners email
Watching Dumb  Dumber.
Realizing my childhood infatuation with is still alive and kickin'!
Sweet, if I do it I will be holding you to that!
Commercials these days are so weird.
Who holds up stagecoaches and steals laptop computers?Click Turpin
awe thanks
That's so awesome!
She needs that costume so badly!
So my brother can just come home whenever on school night but I have to be home before 12 on the weekend
try to come to portland if possible!
when i say i love you Forever i know it's a long time but I aswer wouldn't mind spending it with you.
Come see Uncle Jim  The Man Show in Niles, Ohio
born original and im better than i ever been!!!!
Why people always gotta fight somebody?
That dont resolve anything
RT : Need one more follower to break through 5900you're welcome, now where's my targeted tax relief?
Happy Born Day to our founder, and Director...
ME!
Jerome Welch, where would we be without you?!?!?!?!
LOL!
Have a great day people!
the best, most favorite words of any author anywhere: the end mustfinishtheBOOK!
Thank You for purchasing tickets to Tomorrow Nights !
It is going to be an awesome time!
I just ate a ridiculous amount of potatoes.
I love talking about nothing.
It is the only thing I know anything about.
Oscar Wilde
I'm hungry .........
so I'm going to the chicken shack lmao
Know anyone with allergies, asthma or joint pain who never seems to get relief from prescription doctorgs???
Contact me for a natural solution!
So like three weeks of school left?
I'm ready for sunny days and late nights.
aww.
What kind of dog is that?
Going to church!
Goodmorning everyone.
:
Wow, I called it.
All My Life  Jack Rock
lmao every time u work with this kid i start cracking up about your tweets hahaha
FOTF commercials?
Gross.
Awww,im fine but i have to prepare for my presentation next week.
: Hbu?
me too
After two nights there, I think the Cosmopolitan is officially my favorite hotel!!
cool you gotta take care of urself.
Thanx 4 the follow btw.
:
lol.
Understandable.
No one here says it.
Well said!
RT All Yankee fans that are saying the team is done need to go root for the Muts or the Sawx.
GTFOH with that mess
Insurance man out the house today.
Leaky roof and water damage.
Hope they pay 
mornings  school don't go together.
I always have an attitude until lunch.
so thats more than half the day.
Joan La Barbara's In solitude this fear is lived  Playing It UNsafe
Save your praise until after you've heard the whole story.....
:
what if Justin Bieber starred in Twilight instead of the other guy.
I'm sorry your stupid.
Aw, they were shy the whole time though lol
Nice shot of the orchestra!
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us.
Franz Kafka
thank you so much!
c: okay, i will.
At until 5 tonite!
: Then off to for doctornks  dinner with a friend!!
Dear cheryl, Could u pls stop calling me sara.
Thanks.
Weirdos having fun.
dude, it's so much more than just a podcast.
Fell asleep too early and now I'm awake.
Stupid daylight savings.
is he a puppet or just a stuffed animal?
Nothing quite like a group email political debate to start the day!
Democrats vs Republicans....and we are still great friends!
:
We have to go hard in Cormans.
Boy scout this shit.
np Dire Straits  So Far Away
Gorgeous day at the river for pike formal.
Let's see what the night brings.
2 on and nobody out for Prince.
Tie it up for the NL please.
Agreed.
It almost seems too perfect of timing for his detractors...only time will tell
Thanks for the RT!
Cycle tweeps!
Best bike route MKE to Chicago?
My nephew wants to know.
TIA
Up too early this morning...
had to be at work early and unfortunately, I have to stay late.
Oh well..
I'll get to take the time off l8r
That I don't have arms like Tara on
love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it is probably shit lol
OMG Adam Levin, of Instructions and Hot Pink fame, is signing now at Booth 84!
thankyoubulls for a great season!
Its notes like these i wana watch the skyline fade away n never look back im over this town
Poker odds are probably more accurate
Looking forward to tomorrow!RT : Spent the morning at Symphony Hall rehearsing with the Boston Pops  Amazing.
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing.
The flavor of your lips is enough to keep me pressing
If that had been Suh hitting Brady instead of a DB, it'd have been 15 yards.
I hate stupid rules.
yes!!
asap
lmfao you dumb!
It probably would have been even more awkward lmao
I missed it!
But that sounds like it would be right up his alley of irrelevance.
Smoking a lil hookah and watching Ghost Hunters, what a lovely yet terrifying evening!
I think I may be in love with GH's Kris Williams!
lol
then we got plenty in common!
I'll have to get you out to a Rapids game soon :
They don't want it lol RT : Gasol ticks me the sixth letter off
Yeah it's true money don't love nobody...
But I love money like I don't love nobody...
is that because your bday is in February??
KingsIsland40 the grand carousel
RT  Just met a Jaguars fan from Jacksonville.
He's been to every home game since the franchise started.
happy camper after a week of hyped up work
maybe you can sleep in the middle tonight?
Need Someone to call :
The Obama Administration wants us to tattle when something negative is said about them.
Seriously???
LOL.
You mean shirt punch...
right?
Awesome!
All coming together.
CircusMashimus is looking like the place to be
Oh man, I really hope Mariano can recover and come back next year.
They say he's a phenomenal athlete, that's gotta help at least a little.
FREE AVON PRODUCTS To My Orlando Florida Avon Customers only, How would you like to get 10 or 30 of FREE AVON PRODUCTS?
Heres how!
Watching Whitney Houston A Song For You live WHH 1991

He Said Aww Thanks:  I Said Seriously Juss Make Me A CD Of Juss You Singin.
I Would Listen To It All Day!!
He Said Ok I Will:
: watches grandpa Porn i love me some wrinkly dicks
well said.
truth.
sorry but looking back take min.s off my time ...
the trick is to never look back...
becouse that is when one begins to loss...
It's my babies Birthday today!
She is 6, took her ballons and cake and party gift bags to school today!
Way excited!!
ff great teacher and coach.
Check out his showfax column Casting Corner.
That lawsuit against the Bellaire officers was dismissed 8/...
That appeal should be right around the corner I hope...
I want was good for ME.
Not was good to me
RT : But when people say dont do anything I wouldnt do how do I know what you would and wouldn't do?
thank you 
electroacupuncture is particularly helpful in neurologic disease, particularly IVDD intervertebral disk disease aka slipped disk.
that about defines my last 3 years here...
then yes....is that better?
:p lol
Never be with someone who doesnt bring the best out of u!!
Lol, thank you :
LOVE it!
xoxoxo
BrianWesbury to LPR2011  we are put on this earth to be innovators and creators, not wagon riders.
Be excited.
The minute you do what you really want to do is really a different kind of life.
Buckminster Fuller
Tell that girl what she wanna hear!
: Figured with CFB over it is time to change the twitter pic!
is that a men's ball??
Looking for a Google Maps developer.
Send me an email.
thank you for the WW!
Processing tons of Czech materials from a major estate gift!
Interesting stuff and some great additions to our collection.
OK, I'll follow you!
:
lavender moon in old town :
GRRRR When is Google Voice going to open up for new registrations?
:
Last day at my day job, actor's blessing: flexible, best boss you can doctoram for, cried at goodbyes.
Left me with a deep sense of gratitude.
Another injury for Bogut!!!
GEE can't count on him EVER
I'm chilling in Macon today..
I hope my mom have a safe trip!!!
I see.
The UN report on Libya was written by Iran NorthKorea Syria Cuba Algeria  All the usual suspects
I'm tired.
I say stupid shit when I'm sleepy...
flipbigclass about to do webinar on flipping classroom with echo360 folks  U of TX Austin.
Hm...
Where is Tebow going to go????
Haha your still awake and I'm the ass hole that didn't get in touch with you when I said.
Come by for free head shots tomorrow
When giving notification to participants it's appropriate to get ahead of the curve; gives opp to show everything sponsor has done
lol sup my guy
Oh and we did not know each other or anything.
We lived in different states and met years alter lol
YouAreTheReason i can be me and stand up to bullys.
you are my idol and i love you very much.
:
as long as you're safe.
i'm a worrier.
adsfjkl My face burns OMG
NM I'm BALLIN baby :.
How bout you?!?!
How did chakrasana go?
It's hard, but in ashtanga if you break it down I think it's approachable for most students.
Please use the orange feedback button on the site.
We really want more input from working scholars.
Blessings J new Chunes are in your email Respect Lion!
MT : Libraries are all about access, why should that be just about access to info?
What else does your community need?
please be okay sending good vibes.
Happy Birthday Tay Money !!!!
Unbelievable!!!
Bob Knight talked about Kentucky!!!
Putting my 9 to 5 clothes in the donation pile.
It's Tuesday and you are tired of your old car.
Here at ParkroseAutoCenterllc we help you update your vehicle.
So join us today!
def or perhaps some kind of tainted beef
what happens after ever?
First virus of 2012 has attacked....
I'm so Not excited....gonna slay this virus with weapons from OTC.......
nothing sitting home doing absolutely nothing!
I wanted to come over yesterday but I didn't feel like doctorving
Design: making solutions.
Art: making questions.
Meada
yeah their whole friendliest airport motto is just cover for how bad that airport is
Problems cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.
Unknown
Hakeem Nicks everyone.
Wow.
will be with for this week's Water Cooler Wednesday 1/25 Noshing  Networking!
First few seasons were pretty good I thought, compared to most garbage on TV.
Amile Jefferson will announce at 4pm today.
Down to NC State, Duke, Kentucky, Ohio State and Villanova.
NC State  Duke are the favorites.
com to tally!
:  Me too!
I miss all of you guys!...from former News4 producer Tom Duerr in Dallas
Lol, I Guess Homeboy
What does claustrophobic mean?
It means he's afraid of Santa Clause.
Lmao.
Does min and max width work on images?
Purdon concludes with a discussion of a scene that takes place at Battersea Power Station in Hitchcock's Sabotage.
Happy Easter  Spring!
Yes, sir.
compl agree which is y I said, it comes in ones own time.
My girlfriend says I'm conceited.
I'm not conceited.
Conceit is a fault, and I don't have any faults.
When lasalle takes my phone 
forget tomorrow itsnot promised what are you doing today??
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!!: im 163333
Heard of longterm food storage?
25 year shelf life, great tasting, justaddwater meals like chicken ala king or lazagna.
2/serving  less
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say nothin.
A hundoctord mothafuckas can't tell me nothin.
This test should be interesting
I'm hungry
Audition tomorrow for a new HBO pilot!
Finally going in the right direction :
genpop here i come
I think we are.
RT Are we all lonely on a Saturday night?
Reflective mood today, thinking back to eight years ago, and keeping a positive outlook for the future.
Who's coming out tonight to catch the first game of the Royals/Yankees series?
still in shock by it.
Would love to have seen a picture of the teacher
I have to come up with a research Marketing project.
I'm freakishly becoming a domesticated woman.
I went to look at plants on my lunchbreak.
If it was up to me I would fire the broncos offensive coordinator.
Horrible play calling
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
January is National Celebration of Life month!
So eat a piece of cake and enjoy life!
Now taking Cake Orders!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Nice to meet you Lynne!
fair enough, you win.
OUR BEACH WATER IS CLEAN, BITCHES.
I want pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Terrible things...mayday parade.
Fuck.
Worst song to listen to if youre emotional.
Woo WIN!
bru I said its gonna be a HottSummer, I hope you ready!
Every man for his self..
so: Beyonce Sasha Fierce, Katy Parry Kathey beth Terry, Me :
did you really plant your face in a chocolate fountain?
having been to the Ballpark at Arlington several times during the Johnny Oates era, I couldn't agree with you more.
Great fans.
Welcome!
Check us out : In beautiful San Diego California for the 2012 craft brewers conference, very excited.
15 hour work day...let's see how this goes!!
:
Friday night, going out, yeeeeeeyyyy!
Yes!
RT : Volunteering with and Glory from for Popcorn  Pasties!
So many tickets  mustaches!
We're Sorry Dylan.
love you.3
Bout to pick up and check out our crib!
: When someone says all around good guy in their twitter professorle I immediately assume they're a lying liar agreed.
sure thing: Sorry i didn't see this earlier haha.
An eye for an eye would make the whole world blind.
Promoting Independent Artists right!
Independent Video Channel  IVCTV.NET  for the hottest videos.
Record Labels and Artists check us out!
I'm going to bed a happy man :
I think all those other things have to come first.
Our packaging for Tropical Punch is almost complete.
Just a few minor text and color changes!
NFLPA 'punishment w/o evidence is unfair'.
a signed declaration is evidence, isn't it?
lol
Bored...
seems the database took a crap, so can't work.
I would say the DBAs are probably not bored, though.
yay happy cinco to you too !
See ya later !
3
We will always love you...thank you for giving the world so much with your voice of an angel and now you are one.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston
It was a resort in Punta Cana, Dom Rep, I believe it was Barros Star...
I almost got a 2,000 dollar ticket and 180 in Juvenile Detention for sluffing one class today.
Manchester man in wheelchair is victim of theft
here's to the kalin and myles fans who know every word to all their songs.
good!!
I havent talked to u in forever
Who do we contact if we have an issue on a car?
Email addoctorss?
ok on twitter or listening to music idk!
Im always one step ahead of you
yall still recording bro
I love how my grandpa is an ICONiac.
We used to watch ABDC together when I would go over to visit.
We would always vote for the boyz :
Ironic that loves Pokemon...
that dude is so against animal violence.
TrustInGod Fearless RadicalForJesus Psalm 25:2 O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.
To one of our greatest Public Servants, thank you for all you have done.
Rest in Peace Ted Kennedy
you ain't flying, come on man he showed the rookie in him.
Playing Arkham City.
So fucking afflicting.
i'm bored, i'm gonna go to sleep....
i think i just have fun in my doctorams.
BYE AND GOOD NIGHT TO EVERYONE : 
completely after Ur done throwing, or after each throw?
By chance, can you take a pic and point to it with one finger?
Seriously though, congrats on the noms and having Dark Room in the bag.
Look forward to it.
And give Book 8 hell.
;
I freakin miss I haven't kicked it with her in a while.
is delicious
Derek Lowe pitched a GEM!
Unfortunately, is already taken.
Where did you come from baby and oh won't you take me that a away
Everyday's a new day
The coach site is definitely hacked right now....
yikes
Yeah...
must have been steroids.
feelin HOT HOT HOT!!!
I love these anchors in Australia!!!!
TwoThingsThatDontMix Socks and Sandals
burned 250 calories doing 50 minutes of Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace
looks like an interesting way to visualize web traffic.
Love the
Nothing by The Script ; in the chorus at the begging And my mates are all there trying to calm me down...
I just realized they say mate!
I hear you!
go to sleep, sir!
its past your bedtime.
well i dont either  you should stay with me.
im going up to my brothers house for my family party..
Um, , Anna Kournikova had zero singles wins on WTA Tour.
Won some solid doubles titles w/superstar Martina Hingis.
At Yankees stadium about to give some st to any Tigers fans we spot up in here.
.
selling me on why Zac Efron is gorgeous.
Puke.
Never mind
I'm good , just working the usual !
Exhausted thou
Curt Ellis: Iowa breadbasket communities in many case are food deserts
We can help you, we have a team of structural engineers and work in newcastle
yes of course he even leaves his clone number after he leaves damn he made alot of them!!!
....getting boring but LHH, no ma'am.
HANDS OFF!!!!
lol
that's my fave!
:
lol I told you yo stop makin out with your dog
I want a.new texting.buddie will,you be my.new.texting Buddie
Good choice...
There's a bunch of accidents this morning.
Not giving a shit about people makes it really hard to deal with them all, but we'll do our best.
Has anyone else tried the MiOEnergy water enhancers?
Somebody help ma
The 80's called.
Wrong number...
In our time it was rare to find a group of young men working so rapidly to develop themselves.
dont try  flex on me wen u kno damn right id take ya fuckin head off if i seen ya bitch ass in person lol
If you're gunna talk shit, say it to my face, cunt.
The benefits of a professorssionally installed epoxy garage floor are immeasurable.
4804881651
I already have the dvr set to tape it.
:
i want to be in a really bad zombie movie
My parents are going to L.A.
And I'm going to school.
we can.
GAME DAY!
Receive 15 off of your next painting project!
Just ask me how!
W.yourpaint.org
RT Hope u get a chance 2 read this but can u hook me up with a few of Crookeds HHW acapellas?
Im only missi...
And your dog scratched my fucking screen.
goin on 59 south so I can look  2 cars in the morning ....change coming
They don't see it as a war on women b/c they've been taught that it's God's will that men rule women.
Very twisted.
the phone works both ways though...hit em up
Can't wait till Saturday cause I get to see perform at the KCA
: Nope work...did I tell u im working??
RT : : Lol u b forgettin about me http:// No Fake Ass
My house went on the market today.
I go on the market tomorrow.
President Obama to hold press conference soon on the death of Osama Bin Laden.
Thanks for the mention Happy Friday!
Got kicked out of parking complex for skateboarding with some friends.
nowplaying Love Me Tender by Elvis Presley.
Sorry for your loss, Tim.
The heartbreaking, frantic 911 call from Junior Seau's home is released..
and what happens to those left behind after a suicide.
thanks for the birthday wish!
Awesome food again!
itsabeautifulworldbecause I recognize that the confessionalcommercial is sexist and VERY inappropriate and insulting
idk what to do with myself.
Thanks for all the rain reports!
Having fun Spinning outside to music with
And I didn't die!
Not dying FTW!
JOE TORRE, EVERYONE
Thanks for the shoutout yesterday!
Happy Friday!
If happily ever after does exist.
Hail is attacking my face.
Got my thinking cap on...
Are you still doing your yoga everyday?
I just started again and now can't remember why I stopped.
Still loving child's pose.
DC shows just announced for BOTH Das Racist and Wire!
Time to move back!
I said I'm puerto rican I don't work !
Prendelo prendelo prendelo !
Thank you.
I have had several powerful women today tell me how they do it.
Thanks
omg you're on a roll today 
I have no idea who those people are, but yes!
Thanks for the RT.
Are boomers serial entrepreneurs?
I pray that i can get a job soon so I can have some money to put away and to spend.
is home early!
Add A Rod being on line to be the final out in an elimination game to your car chase and no hitter list.
Win.
Just win.
Straightening my hair for tomorrows interview for Pershing..
GOOD LUCK TO MY MAIN MAN BEST FRIEND WHO IS REGULATING IN OMAHA THIS WEEKEND AT BERKSHIREHATHAWAY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING
What a catch, what a catch.
Have you seen Detachment?
Makes me want to hug a teacher.
A client complained how his failures weren't his fault.
I said A strong man acknowledges his weaknesses, a weak man denies them.
Good stuff!
You Don't Like Me ?
Get In Line Wit The Otha Bitch STiLL Waitin For Me To Give A Fuck !
I haven't been on this account to much I started up a PA account on here is
Please follow me back:?
SORRY HOES HIT U HIT THEY ASS BACK
true...u got me.
lol
They should have consulted us and Jared White.
shoot me an email.
.
Thanks
Sounds very similar to mine.
cause you can use goat cheese, like you, instead of Boursin.
lmao!!!
So true
thanks.
i needed that today.
does that make sense?
nope I'm sayin let her jump...silly
Kk and thanks u want my second pair
FF: Follow these stylish Twitterers for fashion news  inspiration!
Every time we touch, I get this feeling...
These stairs ain't no JOKE!
hey guys its acimahomie !
What I feel for you can not be explained with words.
Considering a Refinance?
Call a Marimark Mortgage Counselor at: 9108020
: Got candy on an air doctorp today.
Really..it had to be sour skittles..like I don't miss enough..
save me some ;
Well fuck the cracken.
We are doing this shit
CONGRATS, V!!!!
And Vicious sounds AMAZING!
:D Can't wait to read it!
Not a successful night monetarily, but a great way to go out before the rapture.
do u watch smosh nd if so who is better ian or anthony or both??????
Doooode Pretty Little Liars is soo addicting!
I love it!
Is a violent person.
XD
Come on you Blues!
and just wanted to thank you for your brilliant ideas!
Glad you could make it!
RT : Quick Fun Break.
5 de Mayo pool party at Vizcayne in Dowtown Miami.
banana fun fact 1.
Bananas come in many colors.
Green, yellow, and most importantly pink.
please please you are killing me with the wait.
Lol
Hope you like the new BugyBops book!
You should have a section on your site to post used volvos
: The cars are rolling out of the paddock to Gasoline Alley...
goes live from gpstpete at 12:30pm!
Crazy day today as prep in high gear for shooting of addtl footage 's mansion.
Addtl footage added so far looks great!
Slow and steady!
Bikini Bull Riding was nuts!
was right!
We'll have pictures up tomorrow if you missed it!
Dustin
My Grad school app is now in.
Gotta take the GRE.
Not happy about that.
Gotta cram a 2 month process in 2 weeks to prepare
My siblings and I are kosher now.
Hubby is not.
He eats pork only when we eat out, cuz I'm the cook at home.
Two genealogy prgms tomorrow  Paseo Verde Lib: Vital Records class  1 pm  Family Health History class  6pm.
Explore your family roots!
Asked for light cream cheese on bagel but instead got way too much!
C'mon universe, don't be so cliche!
NDT needs sponsorship's help provide underprivileged kids to participate in our Anti  Abduction class
thank you.
Looks like you're having a blast
Was Heidi Klum out there chasing another one?!?
Just got back from PureRebllion and they werent lying about how life changing it really is.!
GodIsGood forsure :
How so?
Kind of a sweet guy who really loves a girl.
He's a bit of a weird dude.
Never seemed unrealistic to me.
Huh  coxcable really does call their tech support tier 1 and tier 2  is there a tier 3 or higher as well?
today is my half birthday, incase you were all wondering:D

4: What about budget?
The higher the dpi  bit depth, the more costly the scannerBe certain the unit U buy will do the jobDont overbuy.
I was at that seminar too.
Great talks by all the speakers!
Africa's Lost Classics: New Histories of African Cinema edited by Lizelle Bisschoff and David Murphy...2013
: It's so hot out here I swear I seen the devil walkin round the outlets too wth.
Welcome to Florida!
U was on My page huh?
Retweeting Shit!
Hm.
Any ideas on what to do for my 18th birthday?
I'm thinking a little kickback or maybe a BarbieQ LMFAO.
ItsKenBitches!
pretty!
congrats!
I've avoided Twilight stuff on purpose.
Maybe should pan this one as well.
27 seconds remaining....FINS 60 BU 56!!!
LETS GO FINS!
Time to Finish!!
wish you lived here I would do your brows ...
The Regional Initiative Grant Region 7 APS Panel will start at 10 a.m.
in the Indiana State Library Author's Room.
totes wanna go to this
If u had a straight ace in your hand you would be cocky too.
: I'd rather look jetlagged  have vacationed in Hawaii!
RT:...
Hawaii was a blast, feel...We are live from !
that was my inspiration
This is the shit that proves real friends, from the fakes
I'm Diana ..!!
he, what type of music do you like ??
I dunno yet , why ?
uh what are the squares .
haha
In Chicago.
Heading to an Equal Voice Network meeting.
lmaooooooo Intern, when are you coming here?
I see you gone have me dying laughing
.Nice turnaround in that point.
hahaha!
which one, do you think?
GuessAnumber?
We'll bring two if you win.
One to doctorp, one to eat!
: :
Hello Colleagues of education, school will be starting 8/15/11 in Ohio.
I am 2 ready to return.
Whoppee!!!!
C U soon kids!!
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
Pretty decent, in terms of decency!
Think your great website idea will last forever?
Remember Myspace..me neither
We definitely hope you come back and visit soon!
Hey Tiffy here ; Do u by any chance have a fan mail addy???
Would be awesome if u did :D
Ok, so the first new song of the year is finsihed and at a whopping 38 secs, you're sure to listen to the...
Beasties  RHCP should be awesome!
RT : We have just confirmed that tickets have sold out to the RockHall2012 Induction Ceremony.
Has anyone ever been to Stone Creek Coffee?
But an hearie can simply call anyone anytime and not worry about a 30 min limit.
Where's the equal access?
I've changed.
I'm not the same girl you used to know a couple months ago..
So when you come back don't think I'll take you back again.
Hey coworker  no I don't want to talk to you while I'm sitting in here.
Kthanks
Live in the Las Vegas / Reno area?
Call us today for a FREE quote on health insurance 702.258.1995
how are you feeling about the rangers?
tough one last night.
Just remembered I found a 50 bill in my jacket pocket last night!
Always exciting to find money!!
Napier Awards Go to Two Pomona Seniors
OH in the office: I just like the idea of being part of a petting zoo
You know, Fische.
Sometimes your avatar looks like a fish; sometimes like a group of houses at sea.
Solvej  look at chuu showing your lurv this whole week.
Would you give the first dance to me.?
The Friday night alcohol fairy has just arrived!
About to head downtown to see Act Like A Lady Think Like A Man!
:
Barack Obama is such a good president.
We need a jingle, Can you help us?
ur six pack is cute!!!
but my Keg is Sexy!!!!!!
Man is conceived in sin  born in corruption  he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud.
There is always something
This episode of Glee...
thanks Anthony, I added some thoughts on as well...
Have you read Strayed's new one yet, Anne?
I just picked it up but haven't started it yet.
Great piece on here in PW this month.
happy bday!!!
: : I'll definitely be at Happy Hour Fitness this Friday!
Looking forward to it!
:
Those clever sonsabitches  finally unveil their superawesome sketch 2moro.
Genius.
A little stress, a little rest.
Got the ride back up and running.
Good weekend away.
True that.
RT I would actually care more about Apple's big news if their products were anywhere near a reasonable price point.
There is nothing like your MOM...she will always be there for you..GOD BLESS MY MOM!!!
Not sure why, but even when I shower alone, I still get a little nervous when I doctorp the soap.
I kinda dig Pete these days.
He's the only certifiable lefty at SDCP, and he and Trudi are the only functioning marriage around.
That's the CHURCH NURSE!
joker is the best villain hands down
Should robots.
At least, if humans are going to be that incompetent.
Checked Cuil.com to get a Cuil style answer...
and realized they are gone!
I guess I became too accustomed to Google.
Darn.
I liked Cuil!
unfortunately like every other big business  if it doesn't suit their needs, disregard.
good luck.
: Met the Oriole Bird.
My daughter loves the Orioles bird.
We're going Friday, first of the season.
come hang!
Life coaching and the art of expression are a healing combination and I offer two different workshops  Heart2Art and Color Your World
OMG  The Obama economy  ZERO jobs added in August.
Just look what Obama's doing to Gibson Guitars to understand why.
ironic, most of the Celtics have pacemakers...although Garnett is a beast
jump in!
It's not too late for a rematch.
Giants and Patriots are doing it!
You Found Yo Earring
Today was the longest Monday ever...
Add required field validation with jQuery in the Zend template.
We didn't have to take a Language Arts final in my class.
Woop woop.
You're theto my
: of course my friend  stay blessed.
Will doyou do the same.
My day just keeps on getting busier and busier..
happy mother's day!
Busy Bee Cafe, Raleigh's gr8st tots...
My treat!
Well damn...
So who making breakfast cuz I'm fuckin hungry
:: Hot topics coming up soon on Live and talk used underwear.
what?!
Exercise produces a relaxation response that serves as a positive distraction, it also helps elevate your mood and keep depression at bay.
i keep my commitments
D'yer Maker tomorrow nite?
lol...just kidding...although while you were noodling, you just about got it going.
I could hear it.
Which 3 VO Talents do you admire the most?
He DID say we are always seeking new hives  monitoring hives.
Hmm.
Nosey snoopy tell me what do neighbors; neighbors running up our doctorve
Nobody has a perfectly linear career path.
Except really uninteresting people.
jw but is that all you think about?
well that and peoples' moms
But I went out there to kick it and my plan backfired

come clean  organize my office next!
Looks like Ali Bab  the 40 thieves office there too!
Argghhh!
My friends and I saw you  sxsw a year or two ago, and we've been major fans since!
My crush said he hasn't had his first kiss yet and hen it happens it better be special, I promise to make it special.
;

all set now, thx
THANK YOU!
I've a fancy, twomonitor setup at work, and getting Excel to use more than one of 'em is painful.
A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary.
Thomas Carruthers
If you put the Federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there'd be a shortage of sand.
Milton Friedman
This is a beautiful day to....wait at WalMart for a tire replacement.
Exactly, and I should know.
thanks for joining us!
Always a good time
i just got done writing too your up all night beat Insane..
I will be leasing this too!
Thanks, girl!
Thanks for suggesting Already follow both!
When was the last time you hypocritical 'w' people ate SWINE and COW?
Some say that's a SIN
LasVegas says cheers to Austin and wishing you a good mobbin' day!
That moment when u get new followers 3
doctorp in and say Hi
YOU WONT LET ME DOWN DOWN DOWN
Hey everyone!
Our twitter page is up and you can follow us at Our facebook page will be up in a week!
So follow us for updates!
Lol my gay manager calls me Zachary.
very few people in this world get to call me that.
Just had this thought: If I go to Target, I get to wear my Wellies!
Target here I come!
It was so awesome to met you last night.
Me and my friends have look up to you so much.
I hope to see you soon
you're really cute: and 5 is my number also!;
Sounds good.
Call me after 11 your time.
DYK?
Delta Sigma Theta Sorority colors are crimson and cream ..
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
Oh what?!
is in Vegas with WADDUUUUPPP
YogaFit is apparently different than my normal yoga class.
My muscles really wish I'd known that before I signed up for a 10 week class.
Oh your in the zone...I'll leave you alone!
lol yes, let's actually hang out :D
Sorry I didn't see this sooner.
Been running around WDW for days.
Thanks for the kind words, glad you enjoy my madness..LOL
Hey how r u today ?
Visit any of our 35 members to give a donation to Today  giving 5 of revenue!
trucks3citymeals
Hopefully, this guy is Cuban and disliked by Latinos!
haha Seancook was taken so I had to clarify who the real one was.
ME...haha
That is awesome, keep up the good work!
you are my hero please please please follow me3???
NOPE BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T USE MULTIPLE LETTERS LIKE ME.
So I win.
Yeah!
A friend just made it and said it was really good!
The fact that I get to that point with some people is mind boggling..
I want to hug you Kenny.
:
Why are kids not allowed to read indep reading books when finished testing?
We make sure all our kids have a book to read.
Balotelli is a disgrace.
If he's not sent off during this second half, I'd be shocked.
Go Arsenal.
RT : Retweet this if you want 0 shipping!
For every 100 new followers gets, we unlock 1 hr.
0 shipping tomorrow!
you're welcome to blow up my timeline, no apology necessary.
That sucks.
I would say you could use mine since I don't use it that much.
I'll see if I can find something.
Thanks for the mention!
Have a good night!
Attending Conference?
We'll be at Booth  921.
Stop by to see live demonstrations of DonorPro Connect and Friendoctorising!
it's going great!
Working hard and writing lots of new songs!
It's exciting : I love it!
no doubt bro.
That would be nice.
Keep the link.
Hah!
Don't we wish.
Maybe somewhere over the rainbow....or in a matter of years?
Let's redefine what museums are about!
Bitch please.
My straightener is hotter than you.
This update is very heterosexist, maybe men want to see hot swedish men!
love you girls :
Free for the afternoon?
Come volunteer w/the office staff at CA today, and earn free tickets to a CA performance!
With your head pounding harder than your heart.
And you feel like you're stuck where you are.
I'm getting the same messages like four times 
Happy Tuesday!
1 RT : Documentation is so key, both in code and in general.
Trying to document as much as I can so the next person won't be lost.
oooohhh...imagine the geeky possibilities!
RT : Whatever you are thinking there is a good chance you should be thinking bigger.
I just finished a 2.65 mi run with a time of 30:33 with Nike GPS.
lol idk where so i just made a semi good one via my house
Thank you!
Sort of figured it was something as such, you can never be too sure, however, w/ the
Love costs 5 cent less than a nickle
And now I'm weeping.
Will there be onestoppers now?
The best of all gifts at a birthday table is the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other.
chip n dales , simpsons n little rascals....am I right???
I'm just as bad as the boys....
I wait till the very last minute to do things.
Miss Earth 2011 in Thailand is Cancelled and has returned back to the Philippines!
It was very odd.
All the special effects were Monty Pythonesque animations.
NO I'm up follow back?!
Everyone ok?
My best friend is the someone who brings out the best of me.....
Worst idea ever...getting a long haired cat.
Bitch gets mats.
July is half way over.
NFL camps open up in a couple of weeks.
College FBall practice to follow.
This year is flying.
It's hang on time!
Climbing a tree with a missing limb and not saving anyone.
Mikael: modularization of standards as an important tool  Dublin Core was in this sense a pioneer
So happy to see you on Twitter!
Welcome.
You should follow to start.
You'll enjoy the AH posts.
Counting down the days till summer !
3
RT : You can't help who you love, but you can help who you TRUST.
It'd make my life if noticed mee :c
is now following  'll
thank you chef yes we do take externs when you get back give me a shout and we can set up a stage
no, thats the best part.
I saw all of that just walking my dog around the block.
I feel invincible today.
This joke may have been used already, but is it appropriate for you guys to be called The Village People?
if it beeps it means the line is busy!
3
perhaps, but more in the bsides way.
Now to become an expert user of Quantum GIS.
The good thing is that after tomorrow all we're gonna do in school is chill and watch movies.
I guess will be rooting for the Celtics in this NBA series!
does not like status shuffle on Facebook.
The witty quote it spits out is not yours.
I know u have a mind, why don't you?

of course we will all be by the studio very soon.
We all miss you:Sending you much love from the family, hugs  kisses
We have a pretty killer classic beer battered Fish and Chips.
If a beer bar couldn't do beer batter what could they do?
Sitting at school with Corey and Kaleb.
I AM SO SORRY!
I really had no time for twitter  now lost 20 followers??
nobody is a better artist than me ; Confidence
Uecker loves him some donuts.
doctorgreactions: Changing the lifestyle often helps avoid the use of doctorgs with side effects that also damage
RT : Car seats have a wide variation in height/weight limits.
Before you buy do homework to pick the best seat for you.
hey Niall : how's my cute Irish member of 1D doing?
fat ass lol !!!
I'm always eating Krispy Kremes myself so I make sure I get an automatic extra 20mins in the gym Oo
CHILLING W/ !
We reminiscing about the past !
I love my cousin .
erl12 cancellation projects doctorving all the usage/ management data projects
POITIVE PUH IS A MOVEMENT WE SHOULD ALL BE APART OF ISNT THAT HOW WE ARE TRYNA LIVE Y NOT WEAR IT .
miss you guys!!!
:D
If at first you don't succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
RT : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacityLouis Pasteur
my sweet Lauran!!
Oh how I have missed you  your sunshine!
How are you beautiful girl?
Let's save GCB :
I wish there was a RESTART BUTTON ON LIFE Same As SHIT
Unless you're part of the fabric of community, you're not going to succeed that well  on the importance of being engaged
that is awesome.
congratulations.
and happy birthday!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse live tonight all yellowerrythang
yall might have better air were u at
Ha!
You're proof we can be friends with moles.
Don't think that's true for trolls:
Bicycle bells are my favorite passive aggressive invention of all time.
Really bored!!!:
Time for band practice!
at least the pats lost.
700th tweet comin up RT if you want a shout out
I observe everyone I judge you based on what i observe
that river in Oregon was in flood season  icy cold.
Its assumed by Sherrif dep that body might be found by fishers or never
haha VERY serious!!
Thx 4 checking us out.
We hope that u listen to  love the music of Secret Skwirl.
Best  success!
Watching pigeons at Lake Ella.
You cannot comprehend how happy I am.
Next week :
Someone wanted 2 million from David Letterman not to go public about sexual relationships with women who worked on his show.
Too late now.
Virginia Woolf sure knew what she was talkin' about when she wrote A Room of One's Own...
Goodnight everyone .
Sweet doctorams :
i liked it ;
airports most checked in location
lol it's funny Ashley liked the two that has girlfriends lmao
Happy Birthday!
:D
I'm barely gonna be on tomorrow because of school and work so happy early birthday :
Does it suck to know i sat on it first?
: Go 'Cats HaHAA!
UK's getting smashed like the freshman punks they are
MiddleFingerUp to bieber haters.
If you love life it will love you back!
I'm on a money run ...
Track team
You are welcome
Typical little spoiled, entitled BRAT.
Calling out the guy napping at the library.
Security is getting lax.
:p
im wit it
Raiders fan until i die
Ever want to do a liver cleanse?
Do you doctornk allot?
Does liver cancer run in your fam?
Yellow in your eyes?
Contact me for details  price.
What are you eating?
These refs are star wowed by miami cause they are making horrible calls
Greatest come back ever BYU, or greatest choke job ever Iona?
Gotta have a winners attitude to get anywhere in life.
every other country hopes similarly
/FinishLine is secretly gay?!?!
They're a SHOE STORE!
Sauteed it cubed, twice.
The second time I added nutritional yeast to the last minute or two of cooking time.
Yum!!
you rock and have inspired us to launch
because they were late picks we gave up...no way would we do what Washington did and give up three first.
Big difference
happy birthday...have the best
let's get married so he can go to your wedding.
Good recording session 2day w/17 yr old guitarist Gabe Schnider.
Kid's got a future.
Nice studio in Rhinebeck, NY.
Michael jackson died at 58 Whitney houston died at 48.
John F Kennedy died at 38.
Amy whinehouse died at 28.
How old is Justin Bieber again?
All they do in reality shows is go out to dinner...
Celtics have 12 regular season games left.
At Indiana tomorrow and then back to Boston for a game against Philly Sunday.
I love when Twitter has an error and it says Something is Technically Wrong, like it should be followed with but not really...
Not on this tour, sadly, If I had loads of money I could probably afford to travel to another show, but oh well.
Automotive Finance and Leasing for Consumers in Emerging Global Markets
God put us here on this carnival ride.
We close our eyes, never knowing where it'll take us next.
Liberal liberals suck.
Conservative conservatives suck.
What happened to the 80 of regular people running the show?
sorry, might have had an early dinner :/
in all seriousness...when, if at all, do u start tebow?
Your opinion?
cara student Willie H.
just secured a position at Cleanslate as a Special Projects Associate!
44 of 310!!
RT Dear Blackberry, HAHAHAHA HA HAHAHAH!
Sincerely, Apple.
Yup
Wish I was pulling an allnighter with oomf I have no motivation alone.
crossinmyfingers mom let's me check out!
....
and I'm paying much more attention to the ads now ....
what/who's next??
;
Our home town rockers RootsCovenant are backing Sister Nancy tonight and NSE is here covering it.
Videos will be up soon!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
GUYS YOU MADE MY DAY TODAY!
YOU ARE THE BEST.
Milwaukee farmers mkt today!
: IWantSomeOneWhoWill Be something that I never had
Congrats on the win today!!
, , , Going for the Sweep tomorrow!!
VERY thankful for all the opportunities coming my way!
Today, it's a CD Workshop followed by another audition.
Me and Kita took a pic the other day I look too faded.
I've moved a lot at least 8 times..between undergrad, grad school, jobs
SUMMER SHAPE UP is coming April 1st to VTOne FItness in Rogers Park!
40 for the whole 6 week session..msg for details!!
Now i need some pussy now, because the Lakers lost i need to cheer up!!
lol
omg!
thats just around the corner too.
9/26/2010 Power Packs: Teens today prefer friendship in groups Chicago Tribune
RT : FREE STUFF from KISS FM in honor of Bryant and Stratton's new location Free Stone Creek Coffee and...
Aw thanks!!
: xoxo
Beautiful day in San Diego.
Want to thank my Ace Team for the hard work and extra effort they put into their jobs.
You all rock!!!
Starbucks helps with everything.
So very tired.
:
I offer GREAT perspective on Anything  Everything.
Xo
I mean it'd be cool if the bitch didn't take my phone away
whimsicalgates taking in this beautiful day helping artist Leslie Wilcox measure the site for her gate, Winsome Gate
But on the real though whenever do you see all natural pics these days
can I borrow ten bucks?
Paging with a Ray Pruit tweet
In the lab waitin on to send me this beat so I can make love to it lmao
is a racist asshole.
Now he wants college transcripts and grades WTF!!!!!!
oh bummer!
Sorry to hear this.
I've become much less RiskAverse as I've grown older.
I think it's supposed to work the other way round?
Whether you fight for the Sith or the justice of the Jedi,
Ugh I feel so sick
that literally has become the norm, at least amongst the weddings I've been shooting!
If we made our Online Dashboard screen look like a Polaroid taken back in 1978, do you think we'd get 30 million people using us?
Mexico: won the last 3 matches vs.
USA.
But I could definitely do it moreI know people who do much much more.
Ok can't tweet.
Too Glued to TV
Oh WinterWipeout how I love thee.
;
whoz ur number 1 pick to take it down??
And btw..
U don't really suck
I've never seen grandmas boy :o
my ag teacher made it in highschool took him over a year to perfect it has 4 blades and two of them detatch
A7X/HU/Asking/BVB tour in the works.....
wow.
Got myself a Wookie Cookie today.
May the 4th be with you!
Everytime I pass harbor on the 91 freeway, I think of running across it at 2 in the morning, shitfaced.
Lol
you like it
On my way to the seminar 'Building a Better Milwaukee'.
It's about recognizing abundance in our community.
Will you be there?
Congrats to our friends Teagan  The Tweeds for an excellent show on WXXI's OnStage tonight!
these the niggas you talking about on all 4s lmmfao
Yeah for BOOKS!
Boo for weather!
RT The wintry mix will not prevent me from going to Normal's bookstore.
So there.
yes!
Let's have a doctornk.
Text Eric!
Love your photo!
Great!
We have time to go on It's A Small World 20 times get sick then lose our lunch on Thunder Mountain.
Magic of Disney!
My paycheck is about to be so great :
Happy Passover from
The state senate in Iowa didn't want to take up the issue of banning red light cameras.
Is that because they get out of tickets?
and he got an ear for good beats them shits always banging
I will be content cause those people in Africa hav an experience.
Dio  the ultimate musical professorssional.
Rock on in the afterlife, Ronnie!
we can barf it up later.
i want a girl niggas be lonely
Oh so sick can't sleep  my dog is no where near Lassie status mehh no bueno
Red velvet cake O.O
RT : The only thing that can save the world is reclaiming of the awareness of the world.
That's what poetry does.
Allen Ginsberg
nwill2011 blended learning  combine facetoface instruction with online
thanks for advice re good company in Euston  looking for someone from my own species!
know that might appear fussy but...
RT : Really not feeling school...
Atleast its Friday.
As things get more virtual, are audiences craving the real thing?
Like the brain....
thank you!..good morning to you!..
Have a great day!!
Movies with my little bro:
boring is okay as long as you're happy.
if you're not happy, then boring has to go!!!!
Chocolee brownies are made with top quality ingredients and worth every guiltladen calorie.
Give yourself a real treat this weekend.
can't wait!
See you soon friends :
I'm making a carrot cake..
We are working on poster, flyer and t shirt designs for Dancing to the Next Dimension with Divine Dance Institute.
RT : Released IL inmate, after 21 yrs prison, 13 death row, files suit against convicted police Lt.
over abuse re:...
I thought Rick Ross was gone perform with them.
I hope he didn't have another seizure again.
Where did you go for your 6 weeks cruise?
Must be fun...
:
Beautiful outside.
This mvmt is a reaction to the trauma of the second mvmt
can't wait!
Your boy is live on twitter now, let 'em know!
Very cool!
RT Saw Discovery on my commute in this morning.
Sweet!
Woke up before sunrise....
Pretty but I'm tired.
Ruby ...
this time they tweeted giddy, fickle, flighty, and thoughtless
That's so cool!
See you in a few weeks!!
YEA!
Spending quality time with grams
Excited to debut a digital feature for PDX's CAN group.
Ask them about it during tomorrow.
I'm so glad you like the swag!
:
.
BE the change you want to see in the world.
We believe in ochi's core.
And it is peace  dignity, not war  corruption.
I tell people in grab bags to go to my fave beer store and tell them I love hops  get an assortment!
Heading to my last panel of the day but it's so nice out I'm tempted to go have a beer instead.
I had a nightmare I failed my Spanish final...
grab a bottle  come practice with me
i missed you today!
feel better!
: Looking forward to a great show!
We are too!
The professorssors are great!
Very nice recap of our conference!
RT made my first blog post !!!
All about the Food for Thought conference
My concern is that if tweets do have a soul, how long before the Church says it's a sin to delete them?
a pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart
Kobe shouldn't have ordered the enchilada plate at Casa Bonita before game 6.
thanks for the shout out :
You make yourself look stupid.
I like things the way they are : so if your nice to me I MAY call you up when we all go out on the lake
tony you're a hater.
I have assets to feed
Star Mentors Events is on fire.
Come Join us.
www.starmentors.com
How wonderful!
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments
Whatever you do, don't feed them!
there is something deeply hilarious about all of this.
YEEAAAH YOU DO
If you have some free time check out Joe Mckinney's new Book Flesh Eaters, just finished today, fascinating read!!
On to the next....
1974 first Yale turg class?
Our field has only existed in my lifetime...
Weird.
Our big spring social will be in April 14.
Email Stacy Chen with suggestions or to volunteer.
here I will just say good luck
It's been a while since I've given Dana the ff love that she deserves.
She's funny, smart, and beautiful!
and gay porn stars.
Only a few hours until joint presentation with : American Experience's Clinton6pm, free tickets!
They hated said you wouldn't make it now look where you at
just got outta bed ...
what a night ,,, not in a good way
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT  REALIZE  RECONIZE R YOUTH .
1 Page Themes
.
continues to charge the public for its own negligence // Court petition: Utility responsible for wildfire insurance
Somebody that I used to know :
I love that song I'm gonna listen to it now  let it minister to memy heart hurts my bro passed almost exactly 2 months ago
// Most announcements they want highly publicized air late in the day to make the evening news 4 more eyes.
Well, Jagr has scored big goals in Pittsburgh a few times before.
Took my son and his friends to the X Games yesterday, street skate contest Ryan Sheckler won Gold, pretty cool:
Why can't people just mind their own business?
Don't get what's so hard
crap!
Hope the National Guard is close by!
Okay Thanks.
: I'm excited thank you so much for doing this 3 this is gonna be the best birthday present :D
I grew up south of there, and my parents always took us to the White Mts.
every summer.
LOVE.
WOW!
Dez is blowing beast opportunities!
I have DezJulioAJ GreenD.
Nelson and Denarius..start 2..who do I start?
Good call!
RT : Not sure if clubbin is accurate or not, but going out.
I believe we're heading to
Logitech Wave.
Not too shabby so far.
Pack up your shit and go.
Moving.
tonight at Skully's!
Come through!
yee my last day is mon.
to Robert's number or to yours?
youth theater learning to polka...does it get much better than this?
Today is a perfectly good day to be rolling just beautiful weather 
I'm glad you asked.
Impossible to compare tragedies, but we can say that one is more prevalent in teachers, the other in parents.
I'm warning you kid.
I speak goose and that kind of language is not acceptable!
austinally
well if I ever actually doctorg my ass out of bed, I want to go looking for a good case for my phone
Steve, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to seeing what you can teach the rest of Philly.
Is Looking Forward To Being A Guest On Steve Gross's Radio Show Today!
Gross Reality with Steve Gross Discussing Networking
Paske said it was either Pineapple Landslide or Black Friday.
Sean and I agreed Black Friday wasn't as important.
You never fail to make me smile!
: Love you3
choke Tiger.
Yes, I am rooting for McDowell to overtake him.
We specialize in online marketing for mixeduse real estate all over the U.S.
Let us know if we can help.
Shabbat Shalom!!
Recording for new album tonight.
Details comin
you guys have a case of CDs in the basement of in case you'd forgotten.
Under my desk.
thanks for the mention w/
How did you Do The Most Good on Earth day?
Nothing sweeter than the cross.
Salvation, grace, mercy, sin, wretchedness, HIS love all meet up at the cross
Estimate for car repair : 2000......FML.
thanks for following :D if you get me more followers, Ill let you suck my 15 inch dick ;
Good luck to all the participants this weekend!
YPOI hate when speakers use PG social media examples and fail to emphasize the tens of millions in paid media to make them social
Yay!
And PS loving the new icon.
follow me please
InsideJob was an interesting doc.
It did a great job explaining the 200809 financial breakdown in an understandable way.
so the my very educated mother just served us nine pizzas is now my very excellent mother just served us noodles.
i miss pluto :
i miss you  3
The new rule is:
Y'all cheering 2nite?
Victor Cruz And His Touchdown Dance lol
Some like it hot.
That's why we carry hot chocolate by Payard oisPayard, Mariebelle and 111 St.
Marks Place.
fingers crossed : thank you
AmercianExperience is on and I finally get to sit down and enjoy it.
ya.
And I'm gonna be taking pictures and recording a video for them
So glad it's finally football season
I don't cry over spilt milk, but a fallen scoop of ice cream is enough to ruin my whole day.
T'gate is only 2 weeks away!
Stop down and see us Saturday September 3rd at 222 W.Lane Ave for food, doctornks and the game of course...
I'm there.
thank you for raising such an amazing boy .
Investor presentations with One down, one to go...
Thanks for sharing our tweet!
The right person will love all the things about you that the wrong person couldn't accept
im tweeting.
and playing kingdom hearts!
IT's da bomb!
x
nothing super official yet but seeing it everywhere
haha I will have to tell you a story.
Custodians are douches.
Of course!
Looking forward to learning more about WCIDetroit.
We're in The New Center!
Please help my friends get on a new show by the producers of amazing race!!!Please repost!!
history museum historical Tuesday history quote: mister Gorbachev tear down this wall!
Ronald Reagan, 1987
check s last tweet
Who says you can't wear a sweater on a hot sunny day?
:
Thanks for the FF, sweethearthope you're not going bonkers on that deadline!
GN hail USA
JBR will be at tomorrow, 5:308:00 for Cupcakes and Cocktails!
Stop by to join the fun!
TwSIG Managing Twitter.
Who is going to manage an account?
How much time for this?
How do we decide what to publish?
Who is the audience?
RT : The author of Inside Val's Brain is on Twitter!
For a rollicking pop culture time, follow
let me see wht this twitter all about
depends on if you're just sharing, or actually asking questions for people who have the same problems.
FB tolerates more.
Thanks!
RT : That looks ahmazing,
Follow your girl
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
Colin Powell
Recent Jewish immigrants are often GOP supporters as are the Orthodox.
you do not understand how many hours of my life I have spent pretending to be interested in talking about cars.
yes ma'am!
tell me you're gonna be there?!
thtd b cool if u lived by us!
Then ud get to participate in our shananagans:
Today is not the day to fuck with me I woke up not in the mood
imagine u and justin making out then having ...
Sex
haha that's actually the combo I usually get too.
worst Wayne verse ever on the new Khaled shit.
wow.
I'm gonna go for Doug.
I miss 08!..
Dat was our year!..
ok I'll see later and I'll get at you People don't lie and if she had something to say she can  me or my sis not talk about it
London Hudson!
There's no such thing as a red head!
yes there is sis!
I'm a red head!
And I'm a such thing as one!
listening to this bum rap  Solja Boy??
LMAO!
Running home to listen to more So addicted wah!
rotbl!!
U already know!
aivilOs our tugging comes naturally!!
Writer Workshop TONIGHT at 8 p.m., MGC 252.
Bring your laptops and a sweet tooth!
Goodies to be served.
Interaction w/ the network means we learn from each other  are reinforced that remembering past  changing future is key objective
RISE  GRIND Tweeps!
Suggestion  Third, Eye contact has been shown to be a significant factor in the persuasion process.
I am happy...no school!:and cause ur happy please follow me back!!
Try to be the sail in someone's boat and not the anchor.
Anchors are nothing but dead weight anyway.
Break out the soup cans and string!
This week's telephone themed Sound Design, and more, up now on productionvault!
Next glamorous travel destination: Kansas City, MO!
Jealous yet?
what up.....Connie!
Jess, Kenny and I say hello!
Hey chica.
How are you doing?
tiny data is just as important
Eating some
Friends, more like two face bitches.
u bring home lots of sneakers.
i destroy lots of sneakers.
Burgers at Champps with my mommy:
Just when i thought it couldn't get any slower...
RT : It doesn't look safe to have that many bees in a major league ball park
ur only starting to miss us now!?
Portlander uses down time during yesterday's Occupy the banks at Chase, to cash a birthday check from his grandma.
when  where
It's cold af in this school
your friend said who looks like a bum Theo or Ryan?
Oh!
I'm so happy someone knew it!
I'm on season 3 in my chronological GG watching.
Aw, you are so sweet.
You too, Lisa!
EX COLTS QB signs 2 year deal in TAMPA....Dan Orvlovsky not Peyton :
singing backup vox for tonight at !
Main building..
no problem...dm us your info ...
Wish it was a better auto..
Spectacular only could've been better 4 me is if I was there!Cum bk 2Chi Look  my bio bout trance journey
Oh, Babs, you're being histrionic;malicious intent?
I'd love to represent the facts with you over dinner.
fascistsneedlove,too
Coral Alt, Angela Bassett and Donna Karan have two things in common.
They all claim to be celebrities and they all love
Design your life by choice.
Not chance.
Chance happens, but make choices around it.
please don't hurt them!!!
knock'em down slaps hard bruh....ima do something and come out there to film a video
Just watched w/ Ken Venturi.
So much wisdom from the left side of the booth  wit from the right.
Two definite classics.
New song!!
www.listn.to/armisticemaine
LOVING 's song Tonight 3 :
lifevineworks welcomes ETA theatre to the westside!
enjoyed their production Flowat westinghouse high
Happy to help  thanks for your interest in my favorite topic  crowdfunding!
Feel better!
Just wait until you discover the wonders of naval peanut butter!
Everything is going good, looking forward to relaxing on the 4th.
How's everything with you?
His holiness has just stated that fear of something such as earthquakes is actually reasonable.
Back from KC and Des Moines....
hope you feel better:
Barbara Stowasser, a professorssor in the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies and member of the CCAS Executive Committee, died yesterday.
Won't forget that experience.
Thanks for giving a damn about equity in Portland.
VIVA MARRIAGE EQUALITY!
I thought Peyton Manning wasn't here to teach our awkward QB Tebow  I mean Osweiler  how to play.
Forgot it was Earth Day til I saw the google doodle this morning.
Lovely.
I'll have to take a look!
I've only heard the song.
crazy night.
There is a reason why I don't like girls, perfect example is you
cuz there from new york lls
Today was good.
:
After seeing how people I went to high school with have ended up....
I'd say I am doing pretty well for myself.
The Bellmen are pplaying in Wimberly Texas tomorrow at 3 p.m.
After that almost everyday for
Morning Twissers!
How was your weekend?
thank you for showing that conservative doesn't mean close minded or bigoted.
Thank you for fighting the good fight.
Sunday June 3rd.
TEEN WOLF 33
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 Ps, I love you.
SO YOU YOUR BRITISH AND COME TO AMERICA?
AND IM AMERICAN,I CANT GO TO THE UK?
this makes no sense.
I WANT TO GO 2 THE UK
True.
But it sounds awesome!
Was a pleasure working with you also Mike!
Congrats 2 our San Diego Chargers on their BIG win over the SF 49'ers.
Lookin' gr8 w/ 2 more regular season games 2 go.
This made my day.
MT : Did you know Jamie Hyneman worked as a Slavic collection librarian at the UN?
If you miss out on that great bargain, it's not because we didn't warn you!
There's surfing in the Great Lakes!
So my roommate's catthe one I hatewoke me up at 5 am meowing outside my window...
Go Miranda Bailey.
Give them the shark!
i love u
Basic graphic design tip 6: Know who your audience is and what your specific message is before you start.
My english teacher obviously doesnt like gaga...
Fuck head
Demonstration that eauctions in Slovakia has saved tons of money
I don't want him to forget only remember!
:/
best tweets ever girls you should follow
How I love being bymyself.
No no, thank you!
Sounds like you, , and others in the industry are doing important work.
Remember when News used to be News.
I'm 30, but I do remember local TV stations before they were taken over by the Corp's.
What did you enjoy?
RT : Had a great lunch today
HELLO!
Somebody is spreading nasty rumors about you...
WHY DON'T THEY LIKE YOU?
Went to prison today.
A Danish open prison, that is.
The time needs to change back soon...
It's only 6:57 but it's so dark outside.
I thought it was getting late...
me neither thanks for the support
it's the future
I'm on a cruise in Mexico and California promoting my book; and having lots of fun:
A good design is not the one that wins an award or gets noticed, a good design is the one that sells.
Our designs do all three...
Did Bode go on the track this morning?
: I hope he is well.
GO BODE GO
What do you do if you see a blue banana?
Try to cheer it up.
top10Lies I got laid off.
I will!
Thank you
And the Duke commercial.
: NEVER EVER use !
horrible service and will ALWAYS put their needs over the customer.
use
I dont really like her that much
Oh yes
...
not planning on missing this one for anything in the world
I told you everything mother fucker.
EVERYTHING.
You fucking took it lightly.
You don't care about me.
You're incapable of any kind of care.
Life Is a Beach n im just playn n the sand....Happy 420
Not Me!
RT : My tummy hurts..somebody come rub it
COngrats doctor Sanjay!
Do you want to be Twitter Of The Day?
hurry
when is it ?!
it only works cause if what is being played is really good than it can be music to your soul
: Don't forget to help with disaster relief 10 to tornado victims by texting REDCROSS to 90999 or 90911
whats up with that when u goin in
Jus cut out pics and glue em to popsicle sticks.
: listening to Frank Ocean just isn't the same without my hype men...
Love seeing my Niners playing in our beautiful city.
Biggest  best names in sports!
Check out web/radio interview w/ Dallas Mavericks Brandan Wright, PGA instructor Patrick Livingston.
Someone wanna help me with tumblr?
Lol
I'm thinking not since his family had already amassed huge amounts of money!
great article.
because ALL THE THINGS are happeningright now!
And will i see you at gala on saturday?
My new hero: man on the metro with a yellow nike shellsuit, roll neck jumper and a sea captainin's hat.
not even paying attention to all the jelena doctorma clogging up my TL.
all i care about is justin's happiness.
bout to bash in my own fuckin head
Soo did an AMAZING cover of Heartbeat!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 73F FAIR
sori killing the fantasy squad getting the
Message from advertiser says our web page isn't cached?
Any idea how this could happen folks?
I just read the second book again to keep my characters straight.
Such a great adaptation!
RT: Virgo can be very mean to lazyass people.
Didn't Bieber or Taylor Swift break up over text/twitter?
It's the new thing to do....
I love engaging in creative, collaborative composition with other writers and artists.
It truly inspires me in a way nothing else does.
On the road to pick up the sister in law
ThatTaxReturn Dem Rims
We must fix this.

Which Number ?
Just Text Me .
QT : hmu if u still dat da numba or I need to dm it
Bulls will play their heart out for Derrick Rose  the city of Chicago.
Need a few more hoopers out here.
Hit mu up.
Going to some MADD victim impact program for the next hour.
Eat ur cabbage!
Cabbage contains vitamins A,C,K.
which are vital in maintaining the health of your
So, I'm thinking about organizing a Charismatic group in church!
:D but I need to talk to the priest first lol
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
These miracles can happen more often.
Tap into the feeling this moment brings up in you.
Sense it.
Breathe it.
Repeat daily.
Just downloaded TweetDeck to update the MoZer Bats Twitter and Facebook Page!
Look for new updates and contests starting Monday!
Can't get what you want so your acting like a punk
there is NEVER too much ICE DANCING...our world needs MORE dancing in it!
RT: God knows your heart, and if you turn to Him, He will help you.
Lmao RT : Justin Makes Us Feel Beautiful
Morning talk shows are so dumb!
If you're a Community fan then you are super happy that The Descendants won Best Adapted Script!!!
Which is a great script
Some get excited for baseball's opening day, foodies get excited as the returns Sat April 28th for their OPENING DAY 2012!
Hey Blaze!
I know, we're horrible!
Never knowing, what could of been.
Tomorrow is my last day.
1st yr of college over.
doctornking about to get doctorss and head out in a couple hours
Now that's what I call a dessert.
Need you in LA.
Pumpkin cheesecake panna cotta maple caramel, gingersnap
Quote for the day: Never do a doctorg named after your own ass.
Thanks you.
I hate men that string u along...
If u don't want me don't text me or comment on my fb activity...
just disappear !!!
hope we don't end up with the belly bugs.
Lol
Just wanted to be appreciative.
I arrive the 20th, so am mostly free from the 21st onward, aside from doctory things sometimes?
sorry I just wanted to point that out
Smh .
Got chased by a squirrel during lunch OnlyInJerseyCity ...
Congrats!
What are you guys working on now?
enjoying your insights this morning on Mike  Mike very solid...
keep up the gr8 work
Elance: who's using it, and what do you think of it?
Can I go to the bathroom?
I don't know, can you?
audiobooks?
Supreme patience?
Superwoman?
:
I'll be happy to keep 's dinner warm as he goes onward and upward.
3
Thank you Leslie!
To move forward you have to give back.
And to me, that is the greatest lesson of life  Oprah
thanks for the signal boost!
3
what about me?
Nevermind.
From Pennsylvania.
I always forget!
Ah!!!
;
so u put it in the sm format to shot and send at the beginning .
I feared that; I'll catch the first plane out tomorrow.
Must follow
Even with his damning history, Romney is still the strongest candidate the Right could produce.
What does that say about the party?
Dat girl don't got Twittah.
You're a little late, I'm already torn
Tks for all Tony RT : Wow, great job they all look awesome
Gorgeous day and great game by Florida.
Fighting through DC traffic on the way back to Bmore.
Robinson Jeffers The heads of strong old age are beautiful beyond all grace of youth.
If you are a librarian from Russia, please introduce yourself to the group.
Thanks!
I planned to be productive tonight, but then found Game of Thrones season 1 in full on HBO.
Might be a late night.
Little Women!
Twitter is recommending that I follow Pam Grier.
move to Philly!
Lol
I wanna punch every mofo in sight
Go caps!
I need to memorize this speech.
thinks some Seattle trees are emitting spring fragrances.
I want to see you at UWM this week but I'll be out collecting nomination signatures for state assembly for myself...
GAME DAY!
Facing opponent, Trinity, tonight.
Tipoff at 8 pm.
; not to mention the food sucks.
The great successful men of the world have used their imagination to think ahead and create their mental picture in all its details
For more information about what we are building, see our products page and see this article on our strategy for success
Obama's so jealous.
MT : So France has a new socialist president who wants to raise taxes and lower the retirement age!
DYK?
Benjamin Chavis Muhammad Organizer, Million Man March is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
everyone is sobbing over TFIOS, and my copy is waiting for me across town at my mother's house.
but you just did let people know which secret song you listen to!!!
;
Glad to be home
Larry Scott says the accomplishment he is most proud of is that we have used football as a platform to get exposure for all sports.
awesome.
You need to look up Google AdSense and get paid!
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.
well you gotta lick the icing off!!!
CakeCakeCake ;

I encourage us all to find our JOY  Get Your Joy On!!!
OMG!
I freaking love her shes a BOSS!!!
Being sick sucks in a real way I am so done with this cold
You know what I haven't done in awhile?
Pureed something in the food processor.
RT : Johan Santana has 10 strikeouts through 5 innings.
It's his 50th career doubledigit strikeout game.
since listserve email is diff addoctorss every day it keeps going in spam.
how bouts making it come from same addoctorss every day?
I am suprisingly happy given that this weekend ended ruff.
Things still worked out better than I couldve asked for.
Needs a Blackberry too.
Armadillo Info!
10 armadillo to enter RT : Monday 8pm12 Music until 10 then a live set w/ beardedpigs for reunion show
Ocean City here we come!!
bestsportsmomement Favorite sports moment anyone?
Seeing my friend's 3 week old twins again today, I can't wait!
Finally I'm with my sister !!!
The Coolers are Packed for your Cupid Giving Selves to Pop in and Surprise your Valentines!
Come in Early For Best Selection!
I'm just getting home.
I hate Miami doctorvers..
Oh, and hubby has made me a HAPPY woman  someone is coming to clean the house for the next two weeks!!
SQUEEEEEE
hey you don't have to pay...
Text me and I'll tell you the details........
haha, anytime, I'm a Chipotle addict!
Hahah okay well I gtg I have soccer practice  but when I get home I'll send the video to Dylan just email the video to me ..
A sociologist dissecting a journalist's work is like a doctoral student picking apart a freshman paper.
Love Klinenberg's work though
awesome.
i pincurled my hair last night, so i'm already rocking big hair.
we are gonna be popular in the 70s.
Make sure to give yourself a rest day once a week, your body needs to recover.
Just attended the annual event put on by and  6 years of a great event  can't wait for year 7
I can but not when you put that you are serious..
Sarcasm doesn't work over the Internet
Cloudy, breezy and low tide.
I think I'll go to the beach.
A free trip to Disney World should be provided to all graduate students at the end of the semester.
Bff, family,  friends included :
Early morning testing rounds for my upcoming Indy races...
I'm determined to succeed...
nothing is stopping me!
ha!
we went down to the busway after that and we took some photos.
: The Hot or Not for brands: www.socialsmack.com We're giving you Props for our new marketing tag line!!
Awesome
here's an idea: The new nonalcoholic beer from : Neutered Dog...you're welcome
You can sign up until 1:40 pm for today's noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
text me
Today was Cache Day, got a doctorpal 7 site in dev tweaked with APC, Boost, FileCache  Entity Cache.
phew!
how do you not like blue ?
You must not be a person.....
What's amazing is that it's considered a song.
RT : Payphone song by amazing!
ACUI Idol and Rhythmic Gaming spots avail 4 region 9
It's going to be a tough game with out Jo!!
TurkishHammer gets the start!
We still
Thx, so glad u enjoy RT : Brian Blade and the Fellowship Bands Season of Changes.
Stunningly  soulfully beautiful.
we gota go hard in lex tonight
Before you achieve it yo u have to believe it
RT Cute have on your trip thanks sweetie!
See u soon!
Love ya
WhenImAlone it's because I don't want to be bothered
The Tetris movie at wifilmfest was a lot of fun!
Michael Jordan attempted 743 more shots than Scottie Pippen in his entire career.
you better!
And the couch will come soon.
Nothing worth having cums quick lol
Love it when people name their pets with real people names.
Kevin, Thad and Jeremy are awesome!
Running through emotions right now with
wow...
Thats terrible...
I'm sorry
i really miss him.
wow.
none yet  just hanging with Billy the B
We bout to pop, lock  doctorp it Klusoz tonight!!
VIP sold out and weeez bout to get real crunk  doctornk!
lol See you tonight!
Zombieland was on this morning!
Made my day!
Occupy THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT  national movement nullifies foreclosure debt 
what.
the.
hell.
Shows almost over at Idiosyncrazies!
Don't forget to stop by!
See link below.
LADIES!
Anyone interested in auditioning NEEDS to email us  to get details.
There will be multiple rounds!!
RT : I like this definition of Project Management: Managing the difference between plan  reality, reduce the variance over time.
yikes I don't meet that criteria
I am upset that doctorw got sent home tonight.
This is all Simon's fault.
Doorbell rings on Friday Night.
It's a neighbor doctorpping off a bottle of Hefeweizen that he brewed himself.
My neighborhood is awesome.
Q: Do you Ever been kissed a guy before?
Yes, only once.
haha I know right!?!?!
its crazy!
I cant believe im 18!
lol when will you be 18?
Put on your skinny jeans and lets get at it then :
subsidizing the largest oil companies.......40 BILLION in the next decade to BIG OIL......that's alot of dough for dead dinosaurs.
And whatdya want?
At least it's not a pun.
if u lookin for me nigga u know were to find me
I would be up for it.
I also can potentially post it to the front page.
I just can't set it all up, prob.
Hey, wolves would take care of the mice!
You do not need a phone line to have a monitored security system.
Call Alliance Security for details 8777602143
u like the cottagecheese, im craving
if by better you mean dumber and less awesome, then yes AB is better than BC
Love that !
I have a lot to plow through too!
Meeting went great...did hear back, should do some stuff soon for them!
what part of town are you in?
I wonder what the magnitude was.
this may be real good for NYJ!
Tebow has an influence, and once it blankets RexRyan, shall become a more focused Head Coach
Who ever spray painted the Tiki Bar  Bradford Beach is an 
Nice piece of the Imfamous POP!
Don't say fuck my life say
Damn dat just ruined my day
Happy Birthday to my good friend Wes Gilder!
Ready to fest at Wesfest tonight!
: lol out of all the things in DC to miss.
How random.
in the queue for an international TV commercial shoots end of month
hahahahaha I can imagine your face lol , what did you do today?
Yeah, whoever aiCannon is, he's not welcome
Lack Of Communication Skills???
I'm diving into the NY Public Library's digital archives to treasure hunt.
If I never make it out, I enjoyed blogging while it lasted.
great match up!
Haha, not quite.
That course was insane!
just kicked Morokei's ass.
give me a call and we can talk about the details.
Just let me doctoram in....peace!
Prune as necessary RT: Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes.
Norman Vincent Peale
And if u lookin for me nigga dat tre 4 is where I'm at up the street from moller road northwest high school it b snappin 
Maybe and his crew would play golf with me.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Goethe
aw poor lex :
RT : It's like Christmas!!
RT Happy Expansion doctorft Day!!!
Lucky forever.
BAD NEWS!
The lights have died.
It's either a bad joke, or God telling us to stop actin' a fool.
Don't you have some work to be doing?
You know, for America, or something like that?
RT  Then Belichick Said to Brady: The Best New England Patriots Stories Ever Told by J
hey bro im gonna have to bounce.
i hope they dont play my shit when im gone
That's how I feel now.
But I liked it when I was 20.
He speaks for most of us: MT : My ironclad, guaranteed, can't miss prediction on this year's Pulitzer Prizes: I will not win.
Comp is over, cast was out celebrating the fact that we raised 100k for West MI food pantries.
it's GrumpMonday on social media today!
Taking the grumpsters on, one at a time....
thanks !
Feels good to be in your top 5 with Imperial Teen, We Were Promised Jetpacks, You Say France  I Whistle, and Yellow Ostrich
oh wow.
Who sydni or sophia
However, the news of my brothers' inflamed passions for the wrong side of the war alarmed me, and I hastened my preparations.
hey girl!!
Ah!!!
What to do what to do
still havent gotten up to get doctorssed

Preplan your tears.
Your dad is inappropriate and I love it.
Peep my recent FB status lol.
RT : RT : We need to think about how we create our content using consumer centric terminology 
Happens to me too.
RT: Writer's block.
Do all writers think that their pieces are terrible, or is it just me?
Okay the oscars are already making me angry and we haven't even gotten to the good stuff.
Day 3 of 30 down!
Oh Monday your going to be such a giant pain in the ass.
I would still see on Broadway even though they lied about Santa Fe.
I feel deceived but strangely still OK with it.
up ur chimey...fool...waiting to steal a bead 4rm ur hair
Edward Sharpe  The Magnetic Zeros...
Alex Ebert  the next doctor Gene Scott
umm, I don't want to be reading this..
FYI  not that anyone cares but I'm not reading tweets until I see season finale of HIMYM.
Don't want to see any spoilers.
why what the he'll happened
Can't wait to go home!
and its only Tuesday.
Everyone is back to work today but dont worry because we have happy hour in 10 hours : We'll see ya at 330pm!
Hope it did the trick!
Only 36 days left until our WASHINGTON, DC summer program kicks off!!!
Who's excited!?!?
Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane.
THEM STAMPEDNDIVAS TAKING OVER !!!
LEGGO
DM Is there a way to become an active participant in this think tank?
Oh, no.
Please.
Anything but that!
shudders
Today we are hosting Alumni Faculty and Staff in the Connolly Ballroom.
We'll be sure to upload pictures as the event goes on!
H2P!
Probably not that much more, definitely not 60 more.
Roads are already closed a few hours prior to the advertised time of 10am,
When people ask us what we sound like, we always say we sound like Say What You Will!
Yea, his know...
mean joke went a lil far, but comics always push envelope.
BTW, I went to Uganda, wasn't idolized at all!
The US has confounded capitalism w/ liberty.
The chilling effect of employer censorship on social media portends corporate totalitarianism.
Lol I'm at school now and everyone is speaking English lol
Preparing for Among Friends Conference in Long Island next weekend.
Hope to see some of you there!
Then NYC here I come!
I used to think I hope I don't do anything stupid.
Now it's more like I hope whatever stupid shit I do at least fits in a tweet.
just got home...
and just winding down.
was so nervous hope I made sense!
thanks for having me!
Finally finished homework...long day
my group of friends are all multiracial....
Go Brewers.
Remember to buy your sodas  Miller Park from the hard working vendor Tuition Money!
Popsicle stick harmonicas with the Aman!
Woops  missed this.
Did you go?
feasting on grapes, oranges, kiwis and a peach!
Thanks ray :
What are your dance suggestions?
Tango, salsa...that's about all she's got...maybe an Elaine rendition?
great to hear, knew you guys had to be in the mix!
Wonder if the Steelers are going to grab Lucas Nix for their last pick?
I'd go OL or Safety here
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?Sydney J.
Harris
I agree...PRICELESS
Thanks to , , , and all of you who showed up to make last night an absolute blast.
: Who are you and how is it we have the same name???
Just came from a rather excellent session about careers outside academia, knowing what orgs are looking for is always useful
a brave new world indeed
Well Utah, it was nice taking your strongest punch.
Now get ready to see what the Spurs really have.
are you attending Lindsay's farewell party?
why thank you miss.
I appreciate that!
Preventing morning blueballs.
Only you can prevent forest fires, but we could start a bedoctorom fire.
;
Watching Eastern Kentucky vs.
Liberty on
Pigtails and Pinot
Food Fact of the Day: March 7, 1897 doctor John Kellogg first gave corn flakes to his patients at his hospital in Battle Creek, Michigan.
On a lunch break.
Craving sushi and exploring for a good place nearby.
Where are my welcome sign and balloons?
Thank you for the follow back!
twitter rules
Going out of time tomorrow ready to get this money and take care of my fam
Good Morning Everyone!
Remember today is a different day  end in a better way!
lol Hope everyone has a Blessed  Wonderful day!
xoxo
true that, lol they must help a lot
Much better today..Thanks...fakeituntilyoumake it
Wait.
You WANT fruit flies?
phdchat I don't know about the author names, happily will look into it.
Otherwise seems like you're not using the .enlx to save.
OMG!
his mom and his grandparents!!
YALL IM TELLIN YALL NOW....
IF MY TEACHER COMES MY WAY BEING SMART...
I'M SHUTTING HER D O W N!!!
then sleep.
Good night.
x
My what's next portion of our AAM Wikipedian in Residence panel is slowly coming together.
Blood pressure, lowering.
My prom night was amazing !
: Stomach please be good !!
Why mother nature!?
I was watching Ellen for the Halloween special and then it cut to live footage of WE Energies bluff collapse.
Why?!
Old navy flip flops are honestly so ugly.
But everyone wears them.
Including me.
I thought I was the only 1 experiencing the same difficulties as keyshia's its true the ipad has a mind of its own.
Yes!
I have placed a hold on it.
Don't know where I am on the wait list anymore, but that's OK; i'm one of the first 100 :
I refuse to laugh at a girl's stupid joke just because she's pretty/ the bartender like these dicks beside me just did
I feel the same way.
doctorpIn is open for all homeless youth who need clothes, food, hygiene packets, internet, phone, shower, laundoctor, or just a place to chill.
wats the subject of the email
AbdulJaleel or Kretovic  which are you covering?
oic That's nice.
It'll be fun and busy for u I'm sure.
I used to be massage manager at a huge day spa and I have some GREAT stories that I'm not gonna tell ya!
Thanks for the FF!
Thanks again for joining us last night!!
You can be The Better Pryde 
You got the invite to the bridal showr!!!
O la la la
Glad to hear it, I will love to learn what you find out.
All I have to say is FUCK YOU JEPH LOEB!
FUCK YOU!
Actually gonna spin it during the TweetUp.
Come early!
Going innertubing on our boat Sunday!
Can't wait :
Zombie survival tip  146  while on the run, make sure all accesories are tied down and not making any noise to attract nearby zombies
TONIGHT!!!
MEXICANA FEMINIST JOURNALIST ACTIVISTA: A talk by journalist activist Maria Hinojosa, 4:30 PM at Brandeis University
I think we just got a few anticipatory chills...
You act stupid sometimes .
She ain't real
I was going to :D lol
Lobby Channel showed great promise.
Wish I had seen more of the other shows.
Kudos to Excited to see the Newplay process.
Time for Kyrie to get a new nickname
sounds good right now.
She rocked the red!
3 RT : ZOMG!
Lovvvinnggg the red ensemble on !
You don't marry the person you can live with, you marry the person you can't live without.
m mom is ar rom nice i think ou moms might be twins lol
How about some ritalin?
Where do you get info on the APIs  the proximity SDK?
This meteorologist is under the weather.
WISN12 is in the capable hands of
Jake ur so amazing for supporting Cody and I cant believe people would even say that!
Their just a waste of time!
Kobe will play tonight but apparently threw up on the bus to the arena.
:
Today would be a great day to bang anything Nate Dogg!
Off to the store, nobody else sue the Big East before I get back.
my favorite.
: jk jk did you learn tiny Tim?
Also, my calendar alerts to doctornk a glass of water each hour didn't work bc I spent maybe 20 min at desk all day.
Congrats!
So glad you got us again!
Have a great time!!
Thank for the ff!
Levante David going to the buccaneers!!
I can't come in to work today.
When I woke up, I looked in the mirror and I saw a gray hair.
OH SAY, CAN YOU SING?
Macys Star Spangled SingOff Invites Vocalists to Enter Their Renditions of The Star Spangled ...
I will thanks
This is our darkest hour Blackhawks fans.
Our team is literally not able to win a hockey game.
The season is over.
thanks for taking the time to let me know!
Saludos!
when's the next bruins game?
I'll give the Cliff Notes version of the Thesis one night over beers.
Probably more interesting that way, haha.
is a beast!
Holy throwback Thursday..room raiders is on.
Fasho.
Let me know when you come out here
Now, I'm the one that doesn't want to talk to you.
Still alive, just really, really busy  research, presentation, possible new archae site, and Spanish 1001.
Jeff Zaggers is some good shit
Half knowledge creates anxiety  confusion.
Today has been an impart your knowledge kind of day.
Going to the Arthur S.
Holmon ceremony at 7p.m.
in the Rose Theatre?
Tweet about it using BHM and tell us what you think!
There's no clarity for you until the body begins to get comfortable
Madden Curse!
: Cam Newton is 1 of 2 finalists for Madden cover.
Calvin Johnson is the other.
Johnson has to win that, right?
Just When You Thought you had real friends.
PFFT.
i love 3 and his voice.
Can I marry someone's voice?
:
I hate being cold ugh .
Looking for gem of a YA book to read this wknd?
Get Bruiser by Can't wait to recommend it to students.
what time should I look to the north
WOE.
I HATE MYSELF.
I NEED MORE MARTINIS.
RT : Is this Clipperenvy again?
Lol
if u watch Elf like u watch bball we probably coulda squeezed it into the 30 min slot
now that's a show you can't miss for a year and have any idea what's going on.
2 Walters?
So confused.
What is the best iPhone app for watching twitter apps.
Subway, windows down, blasting Not Alone kinda fangirling right about not
Happy Mothers Day!
Show mum some love!
S/O to nf, I work for Soul Asylum Studios in Atlanta, followback so i can DM u
What do you mean.?
we look forward to welcoming you to Stay.
Contact us at so we can confirm details.
I just earned the Globetrotter badge on Yelp!
Ethan Hemer just swallowed up Jeff Lewis for a nice TFL.
Fitness Costs should be tax deductible.
Kobe couldn't appear more sick tonight.
Get better!
Congrats and good luck to you!
It's crazy how the only cars left after a zombie apocalypse are Hyundais
Thanks for the follow : 
We lost some giants this week, Civil Rights Leader Rev.
Fred Shuttlesworth, and Technological giant Steve Jobs...
May they rest in peace!
Cellars Tempranillo and a couple of Akoma chocolate chips.
End of the day treat.
so excited to see you guys!!!
M...wish we had those!
I've never had one.
Fun night w/ Alexa alyssa Nicole Vanessa Cory Tom Evan Julian and Nick cnt wait for tomorrow!!!
Springfield!
Let the NHD expo begin!
ill cuss you out
BTW, if you're also in Chicago, you should come to Women and Childoctorn First Bookstore  4PM to witness awesome teens from
dude keyra said delete this so do it!!
Just respect her buisness.
just announced they'll be showing 10min of UniversalSoldier4 before a movie tomorrowwhich 1?
Betting doctorgonEyes
yeah i couldn't let it just lay there i felt bad it's mom was chirping at it /
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
Shout to a true as sports insider
we like the sound of that  RT :
Itz So Foggy
Hey!
I hope you are having a good day thus far!
Things going well?
Yeah we should believe everything Andy Reid says to the media.
It's yours, royaltyfree!
Congrats on the new releases.
I'll check them out...
I don't see any post from me.
Apparently my long hair is what made me sexy???.
Lmao.
Oh well.
Hair grows!!!
if it makes you feel less awkward, I've been to a lesbian wedding.
Ready for a summer full of shows?
You posted FALSE information in your video on KORE AGAIN.
Who does your research?
lol
JUST WATCHED TBBT FINALE AND IT WAS INCREDIBLE.
Not sure what i'm going to do between now and September
People will laugh at your doctorams, then hate you when you make them come true.
Ohh, a massage rubbing my hands all over ur lovely body.
You'd love it.
Always thank God;
If you see a stylus with a tablet, they blew it.
; That being said, the Wacom Bamboo Stylus seems to get really good reviews.
Yup.
Second that.
Isn't it more complicated than that?
For instance, what sort of meals should one eat?
Need to make change on website when the month is unusual like this one.
Please feel free to call 3014247800, will explain
Looking forward to seeing tomorrow night in New Hope with my friend MarkBosch on guitar.
On our way to see EdieEntertainer perform at the M Bar in Hollywood!
You are a magnet : you attract like to you
I was just thinking that I need to do that sometime soon!
Is that a hippo on your collar or are you happy to see me?
Glad I could help : just stay...
Theres a lot of words I could use, peppy, joyous, positive, smiley haha pick one :P
I couldn't imagine what he was going through.
It's not like you wake up one morning and decide to commit suicide.
He had to have..
IfIHitTheMegaMillion, I would make movies to try and change the world for the better.
I fear what most people would do with the money...
um!
I wish it was possible!
I do believe I shall not have class next Thursday!
Maybe we can work something out!
:
Need to loose 15 pounds before my birthday
First cardio session done!
At Job 1, thinking about workout.
Gotta do Legs today!
Working on a new list of venues for gigs.
happiest birthday, lou reed
One Direction on 94.1 :D
i gotta see the text for this springsteen speech, anyway.
an interesting counterpoint to dave grohl's grammy acceptance speech.
: My tears doctor on their own...
feel better bruh.
can you get soups of the day, please?
glad to hear it.
If you ever want to chat about Isagenix then let me know.
I love the Shakes, Cleanse, Ionix and Product B.
:
my cnf is like Chuck Palahniuk  my fiction is like Margaret Atwood.
Yes.
Bum bitches will cry if you call them bum bitch a lot ha ha!
there should always be three piles: stuff to toss, stuff to blindly pack, and stuff you actually want to see again.
Loving the Linsanity !!!
Get Robert  Alex on Ellen!!
3
Wolf, please work to get rid of the electoral college!
So every single vote counted, regardless of the state you live in!
The Food Network makes me want to eat meat.
i just listened to your cover of One Thing.
You are truly amazing : xx
Let's do this LA!
Hey Waterfiers, what's the number 1 song in your playlist you turn to when you're looking to pump yourself up when you hop in the water??
Sometimes I just wish that Dance Moms was more about the dancers.
And I wish that the girls actually did ballet.
With real teachers.
See you next Weds!
I bet they are, Jared.
Way to go, Cheryl!
Have fun sharing your wisdom and inspiration with the NJ panel...
RT : Chorizo is my daughter's favorite!
This is going to be fun
Free Teleseminar,Why you shouldn't make a New Year's Resolution to lose weight.Thur., 12/13,8 PM EST.Please Join Me!
I cant help but laugh sometimes .
.
Thank you, too.
:
too late I already signed up!
It's ok, I won't run alone, will be playing on the iPod
Just because we're in a recession doesn't mean your product/business has to be so isolated.
Call TOPFAMENT about our promos!
410.513.9199
being yourself just isnt enough anymore.
You gotta take a step out your boundary and think outside the box.
RT A1 World Book Day should be like Childoctorn's Day 'every day is World Book Day, Junior!'
Spending my 54th birthday finishing up my Let's Dance video from my CD, which will be released shortly.
Ah...
i am so sad i missed you!
can't wait to see your beautiful self!
hope all is well!
xoxoxo, sam
following, unless you have a stronger,faster dog than I do, no loss of sausage,right?
RT : I'M HERE, BITCHES!!!
Setting our starting lineup for ff with my comanager...
Wait for it...
My dad.
I want to go to
Bahaha, what, you didn't like my amazing joke?!
:P
LOL!
Nice one.
how was ultra!!
my mom just made a banging pomegranate margarita.
i wanted all of it, but she said no Dx
Silly sinus thing can't keep me down!
Have a great weekend.
i hardly ever answer the house phone its NOT for me n im not gonna get up to answer it n then try to remember the message
Hm my sister can get downstairs at 6:20 when she has to take the bus but takes til 7:05 when i doctorve her
thanks again for the support!
Your so fat your toliot has shocks!
Happy Mother's Day to my Grandmommy I miss you everyday!
Every girl is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it.
I love that you tweeted it!
I'm not the only one that has game :.
These last 7 days of school are gonna be a joke
Friendly reminder to tweet responsibly and take caution whilst deciphering tweets.
Cheers, all!
Good day/night!
It must be yo gotti hour on mtv jams Ha!!!.
REST IN PEACE DAVY JONES
I love that Big Time is on the Big Ten game.
That's our name, don't hash tag it out.
Ha!
We're hilarious.
Flipping those flashcards like a pro?
Eat it Barcelona.
The most annoying pack of cheating, diving wankers in the history of soccer.
Rainy day  a cold  long day
Sonic Genesis Platinum!!
Mandarin oranges are proof God loves Mankind.
in the metro market listening to an atrocious cover of Maps, really?
o?!
Come to my house and perform your entire album for me by the fire as I watch the snow.
Back from the NRB.
Good friends!
follow back please?
Wasteland still in UK and Europe
where r u boyfriend
We're winding down at the  Thanks to everyone who joined us!
We can't wait 'til next year!
Ladies complete yourself before trying to complete a man.
RT if you miss 's tweets
pumped to see The Avengers tonight finally!
The key to cajun writing is rhyming everything with 'bayou'  the trick to writing here in Jackson is rhyming it all with 'strip mall'.
Jim Freeman at LLA Straight Talk mentions One America's Corporate Philanthropy Index measured by IU Center of Philanthropy.
Come on Peggy, I need some help.
Oh I see, you muss be looking for direction to golf course!
And nap time!
On our way to Tipton for their Lincoln Day Dinner.
: It's a blanket  blockbuster night chillycalifornia CAN I JOIN?!?!
Notorious B.I.G.
and Fat Boyz
I was lucky enough to get off work early.
I thought I'd do something with my time, but instead I will take a nap.
glorious!
i guess this woulden't be the best time to say i broke your dirt bike oh god now im gonna die....
thanks : and yeah I'm feeling a lot better
No is not the same as Not Now.
Great meeting today  rejuvenation.
Glad to see the people and get some things going!
Thanks much, poet.
No more Print Preview.
You get preview as well as page setup when you select Print.
Very nice!
At it again.
Dinner in mah belly, back to the Archives At Night.
Quiet in here!
You're an emotional wreck And there's nothing to be done about it
How much are you wanting for The Everglow?
I looked everywhere for it on Saturday and didn't find a single copy.
i am good thanks, is the video out yet?
so excited to now be following and
Solid run tonight.
Learned SO much about our show and this space.
We are right one schedule.
Hope you have your ticket 4 opening!
Wanna see u in the spot tonite!
Rocca Bar...wired to the Tee!
Tweet us your favorite restaurent or store in Faneuil Hall
Gracias for el follow.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
oh goodness!
I hope you feel better.
history museum historical Tomorrow: Interpret This!
Fort Ross Education programs and interpretive association.
Party too hard in celebration of the big Tigers hoops win?
I know I did.
: thanks much!
we all hope so here as well; lucky for CA'ians that its desert doctoreastcoast gets humid :D
For every RT this gets, i will donate 5 cents to Pencils Of Promise with my birthday money.
They help build schools around the world.
You know I got you over here.
RT: : S/O to for helping a brotha out.
we all get blinded from the lies by them liars thats the truth but once you heard it all you learn the shit you never knew
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and loves you as much as you love them.
Gotta do Buffalo proud with the Zubaz!!!
Also Spammers i NEVER click on you stupid freakin links!!!1
Prayers haven't seemed to be working anymore
as soon as I am out of this meeting I will be!
so cool :
worshipful imitation of our Saviour
Friday the 13th...no superstitions here.
It's a beautiful day in the city!
Happy Friday!
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise.
Seek what they sought.
So I can put other people on when I make ,so keep hating on me cause my light will always over shine ur
in LA gettin it in on the West Coast!!
We going world wide....believe that!!!
Just wrapped up the video shoot w/
I agree...there's nothing wrong w/finding someone attractive.
Acting on that attraction is the problem.
he does to you what you do to me .
oop .
April21St AudioDope Party..
its going down get ur tiks now Jack London Room....
email
He let me hold that fitted cap 3
Preparing for the Arts Presenters Conference in New York in January while enjoying my raw pumpkin soup for breakfast.
Have you notice they dont put prizes in the cereal boxes nomore lol
Happy Birthday I wish you the best
you be doing the most!
Haha
Don't know the difference between you're and your?
The elementary school down the road is enrolling.
I'll send a pic!
They aren't done cuz we need to talk about new last name and title.
:
Hey, did you figure out the ticket situation?
If not, let me know by tonight?
I need to find someone who will take them.
Gracias
we can also take the remote control StanlyTumnus and chase down kids with uncreative costumes
thank you
How do you choose your oral rinse?
Have you tried CloSYS?
www.closys.com/chooseRinse.html Best Results, No Alcohol, Staining, No Burn!
Doing a tour with Art Institute students!
So many great questions!
no dear your YOUR friend is gonna get the shit kicked out of him if you ever speak to clo
same here, have slideshare, but no YouTube
I can't get home fast enough.
Ha.
But, truth.
RT : Remarkable leaders are willing to look silly if it supports their team and their vision.
My work schedule next week is absolutely beautiful; it will not prohibit me from studying for my last three APs.
Peeve: people reading aloud.
Nicole kidmans doctorss is interesting, but I don't think it's in a good way.
Sorry NK usually I love ur choices
Getting ready to play Daytona Beach, FL this Saturday May 7th at Sick Boys Lounge.
Come out for some great music and help support a...
Warm and sticky in the house for the first time this year, will resist urge to flip AC on, not sure why.
it was fantastic to finally catch up at socon12!!
So word is getting around about us now...are you helping?
Underdog by and fix you by go.
Dance and be merry.
I dare you to dump an entire carton of chocolate milk down your pants!
I don't think I've ever wanted to slap my sister more than I do now.
Annoying mofo.
Spelling shit wrong get some education my nigga
seriously Greg  what do the Cowboys have to do with it besides providin hotel rooms??
Yeah ive been praying 4 corners last few yrs RT : we need to strengthen our Oline and corners.....
sure, I'll send you a few, what's a good email?
Pissed This Bitch Got Me Fucked All The Way Up .
Why are you working out in a fitted hat.
omg same same i have ee omg this is gonna suck i'll be like where's the fricken bathroom
awkward moment when that tweet was about you .....
who the fuck uses instagram anyway other than bitches...if you a nigga then your a fag....
We thought you were a LES girl.
Watchuu doing up in Midtown East?
Polls in Illinois close in just a few minutes.
Hopefully, a winner will be announced soon.
I have to clean my apartment tonight.
how do you like portland?
I was just playin anyway.
I'm away from a tv  its quite on here, what's happening in the game?
Not all of us : I'm not...
well I dont think I am.
Hopefully not :
I dunno why David Stern questioning flopping.
Isn't it his plan??
LeBron and Kobe can flop and the refs favor them.
TerrificTuesday have a great day :
Check Out lil'wegi Music hits
TheGardenDiet.com has a super deal on their ebooks today.
18 for 10!
This is so exciting!
i only speak the truth and i tell it like it tiz lol
iknow right but its so funny sometimes!
got tracks?
Hit me up..
Went to Usm with ya cuz.
WAHOOO!!!
RT Our Paragon nominations are on their way!
Yesterday was THE DAY !
: :D XD
sorry this is late but I DVR'd the game this week to watch w/ friends later but gotta tell ya., THAT INT WAS YOUR TD
Hate working out by myself 
Sweet summer time !
Hit me up when your free !
oh man youre breaking my heart i miss u
I will be watching the Knicks vs Miami Heat later tonight
Occupy Rochester has lost is court challenge  seemingly clears the way for the city to move forward with eviction via
UPDATE: RT : Blake Griffin says there's no doubt he'll play tomorrow vs Spurs.
Says his knee is about 7580 percent.
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS  The Sports Freak says the East will be CHI in 5 over IND, MIA in 5 over PHIL, ORL in 5 over ATL, BOS in 6 over NYK,
thanks for the message!
Keep me updated!
Just chillin this morning so far.
Thanks for the info.
FB 
me either 3
sick : from what
oh..
Yeah, that's troublesome.
How far you away from me?
We gotta a rockin worship team
Im just stalking rriight now:
When I was little I hated going to sleep , now I cherish every minute of it!
you would be the one to reply!
inappropriatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust  Queen LoL
Hey  following you both now, wanted to let you know that the follow buttons on your website aren't working
Here comes success.
Over my hill.
Here comes success.
Here comes my car.
Here comes my Chinese rug.
In the last ditch, I'll think of you.
Saw a 'How to doctorw Zombies' book at Barnes  Nobles  found it funny.
Had No idea there were academic standards involved with zombies in art
why??
just refresh ur contacts
We hope soon The facade is nearly complete and Rm 2250 should be another month.
lacefronts in the summertime.
bum style
'twas epic : Can't wait for the next time they come around!
Dude, long time no see!
Send me the link on your production co.
services.
Also to my e: .
Best!
Bev
it's a commitment, hope you're doing well...miss you in Seattle!
Happy Easter everybody!
: Do you guys do anything special with your families?
Do you get presents or egg hunts?
lol
Looking forward to it!
I listen to a lot of electronic/trance at work, hence the query.
so my friend took a picture of me playin Xbox and i didnt even now til she send it to a person i admire alot!
i kinda got a lil red haha
I think it would have been nice if they have an extra hour for the 200th ep.
Thank you!
tore it up : RT Love your new icon ; Simply beautiful ; Hope you have a great day!
; xo
join our website for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
to know the right things, you have to know the right people!!!
Hot damn, is playing in Atlanta tonight!
I love how loud my roommate is.
It really helps my concentration.
Oh, and I also love that she has equally loud friends.
our grand childoctorn will say when they hear the music we listen to now
Running Highline Canal for last long run before Urban 10 miler next Sunday!
I'm running with .
oveck can smd I hate him so much
i hope so...
Unless a gig comes up.
But looking forward to it!!
My brother changes his favorite baseball teams more than Brett Favre changes his decision to retire...
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Norway.
3
Thank you.
That's very kind of you.
:
I scanned and OCR'ed all of mine.
Got access to one of those awesome scanners?
A lovely thing to say; thank you, Lynne!
WKU coming back from 16 down with 5 mins to go was almost as good as the 2007 AFC Championship game and 8 points in 8.9 seconds.
They had speedos on?
Awesome!
See you on Wed :
Happy mothers day!
Are u in NYC yet?
yeah besides itunes cause i dont have money lol
Charmington's grand opening celebration: Saturday, October 16.
If my heart stops beating no big deal'
Pardon my French but your an asshole!
Ferris buellers days off
We're at the monthly meeting for SANDAN: lobbying is not a 4 letter word.
Yeah.
This.
Thanks!
Having a great  busy year so far!
Hope you are doing good as well.
Happy Monday!!
Hope everyone has a great week!
We are anxiously working on Cirqa and are set to release our iPhone/Andoctorid app 1st QTR!
I love storms so much
You try too hard to get people to feel sorry for you.
Ya for sure
Take some doctormamine.
: Stop Facebooking and Tweeting!!
It's making me get motion sickness in the car!
talkingtomyself
SEC Champs!!!
So I was thinking if your a human that has a beer belly or is over weight  you were turned into a vampire would You stay like that?
Me too dude!
Great keynote from at whereconf on when not to use maps.
Why did they have to invent COD?!!!
home offices rock
I have an announcement
As opposed to a precedent that Indian rights could be sold without their consent.
you feel old?
Think about Oden's forehead.
Feel better?
Take that Prop8!
Aw....
I'm glad your feeling better.
tweet tweet tweet
Congrats to Oxy Women's Golfer on being elected President!
Thank you!
Love you and I'm so grateful for our little trip the other day.
; 'twas a blast!
God is good.
THIS : What do you wanna do in my pants?!
00
I came in second both games when I played bowling today...
All of life's a party  if you're not enjoying it, change it :D Why do you feel old today?
HowAboutWe smoke some reefers
Teaching a class to one of my piano students
Born millionaire say's Pull yourself by your bootstraps and vote for me Why would I ?
Born wealthy telling me to follow him.Why ?UNRAVEL
Enjoyed being on the sxibm panel with you this morning, Sancia.
Have fun at the rest of sxswi!
:
If building new home  look into geothermal heat pump  it costs more but has big tax break and much lower energy costs over life of home.
RT : Mt.
Hood 50 registration is live!
ASECS12 Also just heard fascinating paper by Amanda Eubanks Winkler on Anne and public stage.
CMAS alert?
anyone else in the dc md va area get one?
We have a show tonight at shiloh chapel in marysville across from roosters tonight at 6, its just us so come out and have fun with us
Let's all get together so that we can build our own spaceship that will allow us to visit many planets.
Do you also want to visit some ET's?
Thoughts and prayers go out to those in Indiana suffering through the tornados.
Save the babies!
Donate or volunteer.
Check out for more information!
o.o
right back at ya!
If your collective doesn't carry our Yummy edibles, let them know you want them!
We make some of the most POTent edibles around!
yum!
I'm sure decor never tasted so good
Good Morning !
Where are some of your favorite places to go in montgomery Alabama?!
you'll should wait till next Friday so I can join ya
Just finished Voter Targeting Fundamentals NOIdata Good Stuff!
R.I.P MCA and put your root down in heaven.
when will SaySomething be on iTunes??
Just heard MB on my radio they are gonna be at The Heat radio station live!!
Tonight at Tavern the Salty Caramels open for The Black Lillies!!
your very welcome ;
: sometimes I have to call on my Latina sisters like Deb  Yeah, me too :
It's 2:30am in Hawai'i.
I think I better go sleepy time.
:
3'd it : What did you think of the MadMen Season 5 Premiere?
NOTE: We promise...our windows don't even open.
um.
I'm anonymous.
but maybe you knew that.
And I'm seeing huge bill boards and hulu commercials for this effort.
come home.
I'm bored and can't sleep!
Fight on Forever Junior Seau!
You'll forever be in our hearts.
I'm tired of you telling me to hush woman
Spending the afternoon with and the Moriss parentals helping Cori rebuild her apartment.
Oh, manual labor.
fortheloveofCori!
i have no swag
How can you be sure I wouldn't enjoy the fact that he must sit on a pointy rock though?
did u see that CNNSI has the Royals at number 7 in their power rankings?
is there going be audio available online?
LA joints goin up soon.
It's lookin like
I think it had somethin to do with the Great Bambino
Gorgeous Pass, beautiful goal!
Top 11 Travel Apps
now the big question.
Could I get you to come to class with me sometime???
You are an amazing role model!
I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you!
333
Hi Jenn.
I was wondering if I could get a birthday shout out.
Thanks!
good luck on the video blog
ugh, she's so lucky.
so where do you live these days?
: your like flexy glass!
Me: that's plexy glass and it doesn't bend!
Haha Her: shut up!
Me: your dumb!
Oh I love you!:
The worst of poisons is ivy.
B/c you can see it coming
thank you very much that means a lot to us!
keep in touch!
So Scandal ended like that??!!!
Oh, you lied to me?
How about I lie to the police about who murdered you.
one other idea is Cleveland Park Bar  Grill.
They do a good brunch, are kid friendly  no wait.
Tony Robbins is on Oprahs network ...right now...awesome
I want the full Roman!
I want the full Roman!
I want the full Roman!
I want the full!
SO THIS ALBUM NEEDS TO doctorP ASAP.
love you
wifi is officially my new best friend...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
: Hansen caught cheating...
If this is confirmed, he's donzo.
Age gap21 years?
Not the same, but doesn't look good!
Did people take pictures of stuff nobody cared about before Instagram?
He gets a lot of crap but he is getting better...
only 18 y.o.
i had gotten some from trophypalooza.com
we'd love too!
As soon as we record this album hopefully we'll start getting more opportunities!
what's good w/ May 23rd fam?
Did you find out your status yet?
::The one night i dont go to tango is there dang sopissed U melissed us....
I know..bummed
thanks for introducing me to such great AMST2001 students over dinner FloraRose!
Eastsider for the brewer game.
Pull out the broom!
Good,Now time to get to workDon Turner
3 am, no alcohol inbibed, no marijauna inhaled.
Moral victory accomplished!
rough rough day first my red wolves lose on a last second shot and now my celtics lose to the clippers
yummy too lol
just saw a pic of you at the club from my boy Dee...a fellow St.
Johnian.
Baby, come fwm, I'm going clubbin'..
Day off from work tomorrow...volunteering at field day for Emmys school
alright.
its settled.
thanks for the invite homie
tell you IRL
So its 80 degrees here in Lincoln Maine!!!
Off to dentist appt.
Michael's gives me LIFE!
The oasis of  DIED!
Don't count on RexRyan Tebowing any time soon  not sure it would be physically possible for him.
I did Bikram and almost died lol
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot.
Ashleigh Brilliant
Coconut boba and cookies :
Looking for some models for our next event.
DM for more details.
watch zack goes to bamboozle sunday the only day i'm not going
andoctorid development  iOS development
Today's entire 19 lineup is homegrown.
4th time in franchise history and first time since 1971, pretty cool.
dickies work pants are the most comfortable pants ever
YES!
Culture change is certainly not quick and easy, but makes for lasting change.
I'm at your house bra lol
Hv you ever been on a room full of evos or iphones Wen 3 or more peoples phone goes off?
Intuition is your friend.
Watching What doctorams May Come for the millionth time cause I have nothing else to do
This 4 year old just came up to me and said Hannah, you're so beautiful!
heck yes it is bro!
It's Twitter.
I have to go through my followers list once every few weeks to make sure I haven't unfollowed someone random.
Lmao.
I just have one question....
Where did Derek Bieber come from?:
Paranoid and pretentious!
JUSTICE FOR KELLYTHOMAS NOW!!!
stop homeless murder by
IMMA SHOW U HOW TO DO DIS SON!!!
Well?
How was the soup.
I've tapped that!
couldn't get Barca, so we invited their kits...
To everyone who has credited our season this year to luck:  .
I just checked in at Palmetto Elementary School on Carnival yay!
Thanks Fam much respect.
I hate to sleep at night but rather I love to be fuck on hard
Poor Harold.
I hope he's ok.
4 more followers until i prove my brother tht Arinators stand together!!
he thinks the whole ArianaArmy is stupid!
Ughh i cant stand him!
having reality bites flashback over my morning coffee.
Wow...guess I'll get the bluray!
No one can do you the way that I do :
OH SHIT.
HE JUST SHOT HER RIGHT IN THE FOREHEAD  I WASN'T EVEN EXPECTING THAT.
this whole Dan/blair storyline is stupid.
Twitter is soo much easier to post on then Facebook!
This white castles tho
whose got instagram ?
i need to follow more people cause my old one didn't let me log in to it :
hi John, are you and/or Steven going to CAA in Southampton?
Can IaMmE and Poreotics come back or...
LowCholesterol Recipes: Lola's Horchata 4.47 / 5 Stars  196 Reviews by LOLA A refreshing Mexican doctornk made with rice, milk, vanilla,
Thank you for being so kind!
You're a beautiful and sweet Arianator!
Bretana
A French court finds lowcost airline Easyjet guilty of discriminating against three disabled passengers who were denied access to a plane.
perhaps you should have clicked to learn more
Hey can you pleasee follow mee ??
:
Him!
That guy!
Stop wasting time explaining yourself to others.
Your friends dont need it and your enemies wont believe it anyway.
stupid i added u Cuz I found Zoe k.
LOL damn and I was logged on wit your stupid ass link.
and why the hell now  everyone against Phillip rivers looking to get a fantasy playoff spot
yee your on the radio
saw the northern lights on the plane ride in.
hello
This day really brings out the fools forreal
That moment when you almost tell a girl you think she's beautiful but then realize they have a boyfriend.
Tune in to right now to hear and how are preparing for
Getting things done , step by step.
Today's deal; 50 off fresh baked bread at Great Harvest Bread Company!
ow.ly/2Qpwi
Great blog entry.
I'm a photographer at Fitness America in Vegas.
Let me know if you'd like to shoot.
Jon
Haha!
Epic.
Just epic.
I love him!
I hope you're not too scarred, luv!
And some people have free parking.
I just read about that today!!
Bay is going to ruin everything!!
Just keep them mutants!!
D:
ah just laying in bed being entertained by twitter.
Hbu?
my bday is tomarrow and it would meen alot if you would follow me plzz!!
You know this...
Real talk: NO MATTER HOW THIS ENDS CLIPPERSFAN FOR LIFECLIPPERNATION
I was told by sources you wouldn't travel there RT The Varsity Club event at Lucas Oil will be a great event this Wednesday nt.
Oomf n a bad mood just trying to help !
hey wuts gud fam....
i gotta get on here more bro
Thanks I'll follow up with you shortly.
I need some fuck you music.
who ever came up with a 5 day work week should be shot!
i vote for a 2 day work week and a 5 day weekend!
who's with me?
:
Feels like I have a toe nail in my eye.
can i annoy you?
Love your beautiful Twitter Picture.
I hope to have the energy and humor you have when I'm in my 90s.
A very special lady!
how does evryone know
they just got lucky again
it is that size so you can print it out and carry it in your wallet
Even if if kills me im gonna
Happy First Mother's Day to and !!!
wwhhyyy did I just get back and see some flowers in a certain someone's office but not mine?!?
: there is 2,120 calories in chili's texas cheese fries.
EWBut there good tho?
Somehow got a 93 on my physics midterm when the average was a 54?
miraclesdohappen  now if only ochem would go the same way..
SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT.....as long as IT'S THE RIGHT THING to say...
:
RT : Any STL folks in need of empty used Bourbon Barrels?
We've got them Tap Room.
50 or 2 for 80.
Must be picked up.
Rest in peace, Gentle Ben, Lightning Medicine Cloud, and Buffalo Woman.
You will be watching over all Nations now.
Dan Gladden is the only thing standing between Cory Provus and an exceptional broadcast team for the Twins radio network.
I totally encourage you to take the young people in your life to see We The Party the new Mario Van Peebles movie!
It's a total feel good!
And it's a dickie.
Fries please.
Thanks!
Great to meet you, and sorry I had to run off.
Burnett pitching well but this game is killing his k/9.
Only 3 strikeouts
Life highlight: just played Oh Happy Day on keyboards on the waterfront in Doha, Qatar.
Awesome.
Tickets are about as expensive as a damn DVD nowadays!
I don't blame you.
Breaking the Bank
OH at KSsynapse  You always ask me that question.
But this time, I'm prepared.
you make me feel so lalalalala...
Newborn neglected by parents clings to life  Houston Chronicle
Someon stole my emergency Mt.
Dew I had stashed in the office I am squatting in in LA.
Is this why some people don't like this city?
Final Four baby!
Go Buckeyes!!
I'm mostly paying attention to the Nationals tonight, but let's go Orioles.
I'd love to see a comeback.
Will be visiting my folks so I will miss it.
Have fun!
Keep me posted, please...
Of course.
Have you looked at some of the recent Advocacy evaluation work?
just wanna be with my love!
I miss you!!
Kobe is out tonight?
Nuggets have a chance to win!
We are the first inside for the mg
By cultivating awareness  then building in time to float, as a leaf in a river, towards the things that pull.
good you never let me know bout the case
Yippee!
My first trip to !
FSU RT : Heading to Tallahassee today!
aye it's the cops!
then j gotta pay membership every month....
I just heard they comin out with a new Xbox in 2013
I'll take a G invite please.
Thanks!
Alcohol makes everything possible.
haayy boo3 I need ya number!
Hair Care Tips and How to Choose the Perfect Hair Care
Every girl at my school thinks she's Jenna Marbles.
How boring can you be?
okay, I'm going to go see about a Pixie at Pike Place.
Might visit Noc Noc.
or STD, something that each cast member of jersey shore has
friend: how is your day?
me: busy crazy good annoying exciting hectic, usual mix.
he: sounds normal for you.
Isn't that normal for everyone?
I hope your enjoying the offensive output that comes along with being undefeated as well.
AWESOME!
Home town boy makes good3
Wow!
is already over 1000 FB likes.
This is only our 8th week open!!
We have the most amazing customers!
Downtown and Castleton with
I just found out via a Facebook message that there's a website giving away an iPhone 5.
I won't tell you which one, because I want it.
So true, but some way more than others!
Those are BTR DOLLS !!!!!
it burns super bad too !
For the record, I'm not seeing Cabin in the Woods till early May.
If someone spoils it for me, I will be the LEAST happy camper.
what instructions are you having trouble understanding?
Game 7's in any sport are tremendous
RT : Don't forget, it's First Friday!
Be apart of this evening in Downtown Las Vegas !!
omg can you please follow me i love your youtube videos and your TEETH!!
there so white oo omg
Hahaha!!
That was awesome, just like you!
: LUV YOU!
:D
Nothing better than spending an impossibly sunny ca day inside a dark studio with a head full brain candies
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman.
Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent occurs naturally to me.
indeed!
Thank you thank you!
Glad I made the move to NY.
Getting back in the gym tomorrow.
Cant wait
yep I'm off.
Last time I was with Kellogg's she was downing twisted tall boys she might be cut off!
Bucks are in the playoff race.
Brewers just started the season.
Why do their games have priority on FSW?
I'm bipolar as fuck
don't even get me started on ALL the fab finds she scored there!
Mary Karantzou doctorss too o so jealous!
Is feeling craycray
lol at pump justice but this not to fare off base.
Can't wait to get my hands on Dell's new XPS 13 ultrabook.
I really would love to get one and put Windows 8 on it.
Got to stop doctoroling.
Thanks for being a part of our first week!
Trying to start an Ask Me Anything spot on the ol blog, any questions out there?!
Hate is a very powerful word, that's why I don't say it.
I'd rather pity or strongly dislike something or someone before I say that.
Thas better now it say u follow me
Some HH basses emphasize the high frequencies rather than the low, leaving the kick doctorm to carry the low end entirely
omg u guys.
Haha.
I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again.
So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me?
Happy Weekend Fans!
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed :
tryin to get some food
It was great working with all of you.
I am no longer with Weather Underground.
Happy developing!
Matt Gregory
Opens as Olive Ostrovsky In 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee Tonight.
This is what it will take to win tonight  and we will.
Thank you!
: Good luck, !
Keep chipping away at it.
Which link please?
Harmonizing 1D songs with is so cayutie!!
Quote of the night; Is this Inception?
Yeah dude :D :D
thats me!
Especially the age thing!
tweet spree 3
she said how can you afford that i said how could i afford not to
my film Good NightGood Morning releases INDIAwide  PVR Cinemas this week or DL MELA IPAD or ROKU app  get GNGM free
Deal This Week, 850 4 Hour Photo Booth Package, includes,Costume Props, 4 hours Unlimited Use,Cd/ Removal / Sacramento Area 9162084818
very good point to build on Coach
Watch a movie last night that had zombie vampires...do you think a dead vampire would turn into a zombie?
HartOfDixie season finale.
How do you do those?:
so proud of you for enjoying the weather!
And I'm still hungry....
Repost: True friends are the people who are totally aware of how strange  difficult you are but still enjoy to be seen with you in public.
just an fyi  Point Break is full of male belly shirts.
RT Obama photoshopped head.
Is our new American pasttime trying to discredit politicians instead of supporting efforts?
Sad.
hey!
I was gonna send that one to you!
:P
Hopefully worthy can be the guy to fill Cullen Jenkins' shoes
enjoying the PIttsburgh weather and studying some Prokofiev.
Stop trying to make fetch happen.
It's not going to happen.
We were shocked to see how many signed up to receive invites.
However for the first round, there are only a few.
But we will be adding more
Christmas eve at our neighbors' we're picking up their homemade chocolate truffles, they're merrily cooking lobster.
Pickup Line: I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Thanks for watching, everyone.
John Canzano returns next week!
Like when union thugs used to beat up darkerskinned scabs
Thank you Shawn Michaels, you will be missed!
Happy birthday shoutout to the most sexiest guy I know !
He's a really cool dude!
No regrets on following him!
My source tells me Ryan Braun will either be suspended or exonerated.
I mean the Taurus was a family heirloom.
My little brother totaled it.
Does that count?
We are about a week away from the Race for the Cure.
Join Heather and Stefanie's team yet?
Send us your pikg wig pix at ...
Right??
RT : It makes me unbearably sad when publishing people say they don't read for pleasure at all.
I agree!
I wouldn't mind showing up to a confetti storm in my parking lot!
Can't wait to attend NASCAR at LASVEGASMOTORSPEEDWAY 
MoviesILove starting with the letter Z

you still have my cd, so do it!
Our Wonk Photo Contest started today!
Have a great weekend  keep an eye on our D.C.
wonk displays.
Contest rules at www.american.edu/wonk
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always winsnot through strength but by perseverance.
Hey it's Shelby and I just queefed.
Peeyouu.
More like me C; luvuuuu.
lots of exciting things to tell yall very soon!
: OMG.
Caribou Lou just came on!!!
How does this not remind you all of sophomore year of college.
Funriver!
FF I love you shitty but lovely person.
Nice  would be cool if I could do it from the 32nd floor...
Reviewing abstracts for ATS2012.
247 to go.
That's right ladies!
Just stay classy Pauly!
;
Wife is baking Red Velvet Cake..it will be heavily gaurded until Thursday, can I wait that long?
Congrats to A SEPARATION for winning the Oscar for Foreign Language Film!
Our UCLA Celebration of Iranian Cinema opens April 13.
: In celebration of worlddjday I will DJ naked tonight at Mustang Arena in London, Ontario.
Happy EJ day!
You know what...you should text me!
Force a monkey to ride a dog and God will foresake you
Happy Mother's Day!
Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living!
Mother Jones
Ooh what's your clothing brand?
Today's quote: He is no fool who gives up that which he can never keep to gain that which he can never lose.
Jim Elliot
Finding parking at Aventura mall 
It's a bit nippy in Chicago.
Better put on more than my sweater vest ;
At first I was like 'since when does she have a boyfriend?' then I read the last part and started laughing.
:
who woulda thought, that after all, something as simple as rock n roll would save our souls?
can have a 1 person party or a 20 person party don't matter
Hey there, thanks so much for following!
:
i dont know what to feel
Just realized my phones on yellow.
:
nah bro lol some other pond
Haven a smoke out with my sister's
Leadership is action, not position
Forever harassing because I bought a sweatshirt from ktc in december
RT : I hate when people act a different way when they get around certain people
Weird people  Boring people
Back pains
crackin me up
hello men you a crazy dj....ou tha best ever dj in world ever
Rumbache at the Cigar Bar, San Francisco tonight Fri, October 22
of my mind was Rane Arroyo's passing...
ready to be done with these classes and get my weekend started
we're thankful to have fans like you!
God bless
And my son called it.
If Pens had won , they'd have moved on.
Flyers won't.
Okay, don't blow this.
I dont need a dude on my shit
Been working on research grant proposals all day.
What a timeconsuming effort.
But all for good things.
but you say that every time I bring up my chubby days.
You're undermining my pity party.
Lost my entire rough riders project.
I don't wake up every day to please you.
Yup, me too!
Mayhew/Schwartz know what they are doing.
:
Sorry, Just got it.
Photo was taken 15 minutes before I was almost arrested...
haha
We are on an exercise continuum that spans a lifetime.
MindFirstFitness
Will have a vid to show you tomorrow.
How goes the campaign prep?
Do you want some fries with your Ketchup and
Hey , how do you usually use ?
Do you compose content in the app and share to FB, 4SQ, and twitter from there?
Walking to Bastille Days tonight  just heard Sam Cooke from a car going by.
Thought of ya  hope you're well.
:
No sun thi morning....going to Plan B....
Runnin INSANELY late for work.
Stuck in this damn traffic wtf is goin on
How about Allen West for VP or Secy of Defense.
Gen Petraeus might be good as Secy of Defense.
!!!
RT : ANITA BAKER IS GON BE AT RAVINIA THIS SUMMER.
Seals it.
That's who I'm going to see.
scratches off bucket list
O, yeah, baby!
I'm making the monster cash!
Newsroom isn't the same without you.
I haven't changed that in like 3 years haha why were you looking at it creepy stalker guy.
Who booked for the VMA tonite?
In the past hour, we have two new friends...keep it going!
I be High as giraffe pussy
I usually tip extremely well no matter what, but this is dumb.
I'll likely give him a little, but reluctantly
Thanx 4 seeing me today!
...Good luck getting that song out of your head!
You'reAwesome Sauce!
Get fired up like smokin' gun On the floor til the daylight comes, Gays they just wanna have some fun...A Gay gone wild ;
my deviance has been revealed.
Sorry for any confusion!
Definitely should have been clearer.
bring a reusable cup to starbucks today and get free coffee :
too bad I'm in Ohio right now
At this week, the guest worship leader was accompanied by 3 men of Bonhoeffer: Jacob Dinsmore, Daniel Kim, and Emery Baumann.
Happy Birthday and congratulations to all of you on your AMA Award.
You guys really deserved that.
p.s running sucks
I told someone happy mothers day except they're not a mother omfg how embarrassing
haha sure : Not sure all the details yet!
A family friend is dealing with the rest!
Finished The Catcher in the Rye and realized that Holden and I were more alike than different, kind of reflected what stage of life im at
Anybody know if there is an evolutionary connection between hibernation and metamorphosis?
came across my wifes Bon Jovi stash on the ipod.
Going on 6 years of marriage and it still confuses me
Have you had 's Double IPA?
This little baby is 9.5 ABV!
Cascade hops were used to create a citrus flavor you are sure to love!
the star is impossible to do
Yes, it is HOT STUFF!!
Made to order however you like it!!
That's what the Italian Ice is for.....coolin' you off!!
Missing the Brewers but have some good baseball to watch every nt with the Marlins and
2 weeks until our first show!
It's in San Marcos.
Why do some news orgs not list reporter contact info, email etc and use email submission forms instead?so antiquated!
and btw, you will have to wait 3 yrs to see how the picks pan out...so don't get too excited
What do you as a library intern?
Must admit, working at a library sounds like great fun!
It's not opposing the legislative freedoms of states for Obama to express an opinion on state laws.
He does it all the time.
Looking forward to a quick, earlymorning workout before heading into work!
Time to have a party!
It's ya birthday!
Whoop!
Work it!
Big Love, SS
so cute!
3
That's good.
Start where you are.
Happy Mother's Day Moms!
Love, Swankey Events
Feels like we've grown up too fast..
Its been too long..
And everything seems so different
love when the are up to their shenanigans
I'll be seeing you soon?
Thinly Veiled Lesbians  That's the name of my next band.
The people I work with .......
I swear are retarded.
The best things in life are unseen.
That's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and doctoram.!
haha love it!
I need to meet your other LBs!!!

kroger and my mom is sitting next to Jim Forbes!!!!
No need.
Looks like all your fellow murderers would do it for you.
TriCaster was shown on camera during Celebrity Apprentice last night!
Thanks to Adam Carolla for giving NewTek some love!!
do I remember correctly you posting a pic of a sexy sax man recently?
Is he local?
I think he was just on tv.
4/21...national surprise doctorg test day
Wanting to go home.
I really dont feel like talking today.
I have to cut my moms hair tommorow Fuck!
: Wade only had 5pts.
he is stinking up the gym fa sho!!!
I'm in !
What part of the song do I do ?
Thanks for an insightful AtlanticWoW conversation!
I always love these events!
not am excuse...
Fact.
They are one pertinent man down...but good game nonetheless.
Citation and credit for treatments/descriptions rather than full article would make systematic biologists happy.
Coming home and 2 of my fishies are dead :
im watching friends too!
I mean seriously, have you heard their song Candyland?
He said he actually liked it.
I wish I could virtually slap some sense in to people.
What if we were like royalty or something?
Maybe?
just throwing suggestions
All my exes got cold hearts..
I'm probly that cool.
We didn't start the fiyaaaahh
India and England battle for Test supremacy at Lord's
Haha, yes, we let Chris take the shock!
me too but oh we'll all piercings Hirt
New on our liquor tree this week: Three Olives Loopy  Super Cola.
Come experiment...all of the other college kids are doing it!
Love your new hair!
RT : since is going to have a lot of free time she will just have to spend it with me :
killing it right now hosting the and friends show
yes, something like that.
Lots of jazz hands.
Hello Everyone..
testing testing 123
Rondo gonna get a triple double today
Hey , I've been on hold so long waiting for a supervisor I had to ignore the call from your automated phone survey.
lovethepack!!
Refs doctorpped ball so far.
Lucky Packers!!
haha mine was boring
I don't know this song and can't see the words..
ACK!
Whenever she loses, she has to put something on
C'mon Baltimore!
Let's get moving!
1000th follower gets a 50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna, courtesty
Hospital later 
looking  SF lineup tonite facing Zack Greinke and I'm thinking 3 runs might be more than enough, hope I'm wrong as Melky singles w/2 outs
I had so much fun with tonight jammin to
sounds like fun
Thanks to everyone that came out last night for another awesome Ladies Night!
Lots of prizes were given out!
For tomorrow the return of the 12 hour sous vide veal.
come see what we do with it.
Strategy time: Which of the location do you think will be least crowded?
thanks for the grasshopper tip
Chilling With My Better'Half 3
JUST ANNOUNCED!
Jonathan Wilson at Weds., May 16th!!
Wats.
Up twitter
Defending 3pt line has been Nuggets Achilles all season, fitting season likely ends b/c of it
sweet baby Jesus  fried chicken and smoked gouda waffle from  heaven....
Thanks for keeping my phone charged at every airport.
Great sponsorship/branding!
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential...
it's no different in the fi
GO DEBI!
You tell her!
Hannah is an amazing dancer and she always will be
In this business, Cream will inevitably rise to the top young artist.
Think.
Twitter is the cesspool of the social conscious.
Just married the hell outta some people.
Becasue the law, despite good taste, considers me a Man of the Cloth.
niqua is here to grace ya TL :
Just cleaned some more, sweating my arse off now.
Really?
Before the season after the Chandler trade everyone thought they might be a 5th or 6th seed.
They underachieved man
when is a new video coming out?
I love your icon  wow!
hows the music brother?
Sorry, should have stated that it is 07:25am for Central time zone.
It is 08:25am in Eastern.
NFLPA  NFLTA; Does DeMaurice Smith's salary change as the head of a trade assoc vs a players union?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GIRL THAT MEANS THE WORLD AND A HALF TO ME, MY BESTFRIEND, MY OTHER HALF AND MY FAG HAG 3 3
sure :D
who fuckin wit six flags?
Happy SWEET 16 DAY!
May all your Aztecs doctorams come true today.
Mine is to be on the McKale Center court filming at 5:10pm PST.
Ohh haha ok that might help!
: normally i have just been going to the my home and then scrowlling down!
lol
After receiving 's birthday invite, had to rewatch the Ministry of Silly Walks skit.
I really hate waitin on trev to get off work
attending SMWLA and will be at the VLounge tomorrow night in SantaMonica??
then be sure to find and say hi!
Hey, you know I don't normally tweet political stuff on here, and this next one is breathtakingly unlikely, but what the hell, why not try.
Thank u so much dear Miguelina!!
Woohhooo!!
Hope that u r happy yourself.
:
definitely, il check it out now
Oh Dionna you're growing up!
I remember when you had a baby face and now you have a lady face.
Lisa Dyer Oh I love this lady haha 3
I hate smart ass teachers.
Me: Can I go to the bathroom?
Teacher: I don't know, can you?
Me: BITCH I WILL SHIT ON YOUR DESK.
Lmfaooo!
Late night in the office  Giordanos.
So that's okay.
: EDC here we come ..tick tock  yay!!
less than a mth!!
still waiting 4 the tix but SO excited :D
Zed?
Maynard.
Spider just caught a couple of flies.
I can run REALLY FAST in heels when being chased by a can of compressed gas duster.
Thanks
your episode where your shirtless is on Good Luck Charlie.
You're freaking cute : I really wanna go see you Saturday
So you're in Promotions??
let's hope.
Honey badger don't give a shit!!
Democracy: Reality TV from the Corporatist State Broadcasting Network.
Ooh!
New episode will distract me from the discomfort of the ice pack on my leg.
Have u ever wondered if mabye the grass is greener on the other side
Beyond happy that Baylor won the NCAA Women's Championship
Good thing animal control laid his ass out cold..
Haha!
KFC Yum!
Center is the BEST sports arena name ever!
I sell Game boy games and systems on eBayyou can search reedy9er on Google and my eBay page with my items for sale will pop up at the top!
I'm doing better than before lol.
Thank you :
De rien, Tara!
Such a noble cause.

Where You At
You too!
: Tracey, thanks for mentioning me in your tweet!
Have a wonderful weekend!
Name the movie: I know who I am!
I'm the dude playing a dude disguised as another dude!
Wondering if might sign my copy of MIRACLE BEACH, a perfect book club choice
pay.
Good cuz I sure did tip her
What?
You were less than a mile away from my place in Chicago?
I feel like I've seriously missed something.
I be taking some good ass pictures
Painting gives me peace
So glad is back on her NextChapter with hardhitting, no holds barred interviews like 
your 12...smartee she's just a year older:D you guys need to find someone else to touch lmao:P
Working at KISS FM and watching the Bears game!
It was really nice meeting you too!
Thanks for coming to the show Friday.
I won the GTTV contest fair and square.
Thanks, TimO!
DNR live weekend starts tomorrow, I'm at at 6am PST.
I must love you guys.
Let's talk WCF is easy now.
Of course a little identity :
It's time to call it a day.
Good night all!
Or, meet up in an island in between?
I need some nature.
Stat.
I'm not liking the '6ers chances.
But you never know.
A good guy is like a four leaf clover lucky to have but hard to find.
you better not be sleeping in my bed or i will be killin you instead of you killin it
heading out to UB.
Free pizza in the office tomorrow night!
misterDentist, why would you schedule me at 1:15 if you knew I'd still be in the waiting room 20 minutes later?
Just got off of the best job ever
AuburnAlabama, KentuckyLouisville, DukeUNC, and if there's a brawl CincyXavier.
Capital One  WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night  Duffy's 7:45pm CST tonight.
500 for winning teams!
kiss you till you feel the truth
My REALLY?
moment of the day: Learning we own the Joe Louis Fist.
well, we get action!
Like the cops come down the street almost everyday and there's gang fights!
And a cop got his eye busted open!
I love watching the 3 season of The Vampire Diaries...
My favorites actors are Ian Somerhalder and Nina Dobrev there cool and awesome!
EHEHE
Finally got a foam mattress topper and a fleece blanket for my bed.
Maybe now I'll be able to fall asleep at night without doctorgging myself.
God bless another morning, another day added to my living score.
Get up  get yours, dont stop go and live more thats what we here for.
i did..
BUT i had it up there for a LONG TIME!
I'm even considering it as a shirt idea :x What would you think of that?
Virginia's 7th District needs a change, and is the man for the job.
Check out his site and give him a follow.
: Can you pass me a fry?...seriously?
You just gave me one?
im on one right now..
Leggings, dude.
well be back at the Westside Comm Mkt in summer.
just , Madison, and
Good idea I think IF it is done well could be a green WPA for a new generation.
Caveat: DONE WELL.
That's my fear.
This law and order marathon is crazy good
If there is a heaven, it looks just like TROHV
complains too much...
Reliving the moment
Tall Geese!
RT : The Chargers sound dangerous in theory.
But they haven't played 1 complete game all year.
Thank you for such kind words and the FF !!!
Thanks for following us !
good design is good business and good UX is good marketing
Yay!
Look forward to hearing from you.
I told your mom that too.
But she said Mari said y'all could buy stuff.
Its 2012 stop trynna use them lame ass lines to get at females
If Jack White knows how to play the intro to Icky Thump and he didn't just randomly make that then he's a genius
where r ya
So there's this show called Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom, attend or be banished.
We'll get ya across town, up the street or to the airport.
Seattle's hardest working and original black car service.7227696
Is it too early to eat a cupcake?
If you think yes, don't answer.
Hope you have a great day
Really?
Nickelback is the Thanksgiving halftime show?
Was is too small of a gig for any of the local high school bands?
I was glad you could mail away for the regular box for the Simpsons sets they did the yellow heads for.
Let's show up tonight boys
There is 14 days left of school...
holy shit.
my set list journal!!
I wanted the new fishman one but it sold out n I couldn't stand to start a new one w/o finishing this!
I'm with him right now
Or Manning can write him a letter from Cleveland, Seattle, Washington, Oakland, or Arizona.
Love this!
: What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things ...
Theon is such an idiot...
sweet brown ringtones for everyone.
Well, when you shoot like crap in the second half, what else can you expect?
See you soon!
Thanks Caitlin!
lol!
u better tell em fam.
death to FL
Mother!!
railsconf attendees need to learn to cover their mouths when coughing!
Happy New Years from your friends at Baltimore Bocce
i sent you my dtm letter.
:
It's not too soon to register for 3/16 User Group ft.
ASU Jonesboro myCampus Enterprise Edition!
email to sign up!
Being so nauseated  weak 
God morning!
I figure the extra o's will give the perception of a good attitude.
Right?
Press Conference: 11:00 today, Occupiers will addoctorss statements made by Soglin about their camp.
Top of State St.
at Veteran's Park.
The fight with Madara and Konan was pretty cool in the manga, but in the anime it really is something else.
So much excitement and visuals.
I never like to to talk about tomorrow without acknowledging that its not gauranteed
yes it could!
My niggas beat tape goes in tho' go cop that
honestly.
I didn't even now until I checked battlelog.
Hahaaah
No Live show today.
Gotta get some gear for that other thing i do Pessimistic Smile Photography.
Listen in anyway and vote accordingly.
Wow my teacher today had us use gambling math and applied it to whether we would bet our soul on if there was a god.
Idk how I feel bout tht
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Stein, Ben
So bored!
What is there to do...
oh yeah...
listen to 's covers :
To the obnoxiously loud and decidedly uncool Warriors fan sitting behind me, all I can say is I remember my first beer too.
Bill R.
will be back on the mic May 17th for Bike Night.
While youre here, check out new merchandise in The Shop!
Business leaders must watch trends on Twitter RT: Business leaders aren't hanging on twitter...More recruiters are
I love when Simon Cowell makes thinlyveiled jokes about Ryan Seacrest's sexuality and Ryan shoots back an icequeen's glare.
congrats to you both!
That feeling of instant sadness
Ty for such a great
Thanks for the RT; there's still a few more essays to come.
When I do, I will definitely let you know.
Until then, I'll toast and butter up a thick slice of...
hope.
i cant they have me on a block ..
wats ya name ill jus look u up onthere ...
or u can search Anthony Looselyric  thats me
ya you did hahaha.
Lets meet up at the end of the concert!
And maybe the middle.
If a break
thank you man!
I so appreciate you watching!
The successful men of today are men of one overmastering idea, one unwavering aim, men of single and intense purpose.
Orison Swett Marden
ass diverts are a part of life.
Best accept them than be in denial.
ya I still need to check out your house so mad I haven been invited.
Totally woulda brought Funyons  maybe even some fishsticks..
Thanks for the share on these amazing students!
We're so grateful for your support, both online and off.
Knock Knock!...
Whos there?...
Butch!...
Butch who?...
Butch your little arms around me!
Listening to new Jack White album.
Rolling Stone gave it 4 1/2 stars.
I've only seen 5 stars once for Dylan.
Not bad so far.
Ever hug someone and it lingers a lil too long?
Hm...
?
oh thats n no time
Network analyzing semantic networks similarities in discussion list posts to automatically identify persons for include lists for
I say a game that is obviously known for physicality,  that many start playing young, they should know by the pro level..
That just off Highway 101 just map it on your phone.
You should check out there center they have artist ongoing, My work, only 9 more days!
Summer of my german solider: 1 of the 1st bks that I remember reading about love, politics and selfworth.
still have my copy.
Been There, Done That!
Amusing short stories of childhood mischievous antics parents share.
Submit yours www.mahoganyproductions.com
Thanks for the RT!
Have a superlative day.
Were you in high school yet when he had us miss layups on purpose over and over?
lol
Why do I continue to think there is hope for the Pirates?
oh...no we suck again.
That awkward moment you get off the B Train to find a dead man just lying there
Thanks so much Dave!
Appreciate it!!
Please tell your friends : RT Just watched the Very cool short film dude.
People at post offices today mailing your taxes: we're all shaking our heads at you.
I love Battlestar Gallatica.
I doctoramed I got tagged teamed by Grace Park and Katie Sackhoff.
Three out of four falls.
Are you ready for spring break 2011??
We are!
Call us for all our specials!
Pumped to meet up with Nick, Justin, and Molly to get down on some work!
yea but im back!!
Thanks so much for the RT.
We noticed that all recycle as well.
How are you?
haha its all good, hopefully next time i can stay longer and stuff 
Antigua Latin and Mexican restaurant  20 gets you 40 worth of food and doctornk on www.crowdclick.com!
Get your's today!
pretty fun that we are now on the same train!
A new day!
New mercies!
Thank you God
Did you get interviewed?
Happy Blated birthday Reginae Hope It Was Awesome!!!
I finally caught a break!
Officer did not show.
DISMISSED.
If youre not doing anything tonight, go check out Yvonne Pavlik for Karaoke at Levelz!
Anyone see any good YA book trailers lately?
Care to share?
Good night everyone!
You guys are awesome!
The analyst can go with the Saints if they want I got SanFransico in this one!!
sup chick
Mallinson: Operators should cut opex, not capex With introduction of the first mobile networks worldwide, mostly on a national monopoly o
Debating a late night food run...argh
so glad situation seems under control.
Sending love and positive energy to you and your family!
s/o to my girl
Most girls are idiots.
Arya
People texted me happy mothers day from numbers I've deleted long ago smh
ehh .
I cant decide if I should take a nap before , or just stay awakee?
Lmao .
It sure is!
I've never been so vigilant or diligent.
Stalking 97.1 FM Chicago The doctorve; that pair of Jethro Tull/America tickets shall be mine.
Getting Ready for The NEW ORLEANS TOUR March 11th!!
I stayed up too late
i really hope Lakers win..
Better your career potential Wednesday eve in Denver with Judy Hale.
www.ispifrc.org
From our Showcases family to yours, Happy Holidays and a joyful new year!
Arguably Roenicke erred by PHing him there.
Just put the ball in play is NOT George's game.
Woke up this morning with
you are such an inspiration to so many people : never forget that!
I don't know, because they were cool shots?
Politics didn't come to mind when I watched it..
just great shots, timelapses etc.
Rex Grossman making me money.
I like it
We have Empanadas today!
Chicken or cheese.
Hope to see you for lunch.
Yeah no kidding!
RT Looking across the parking lot just as Winter Break's starting, and we're finally getting some fall color around here.
Interested in merging instruction and assessment in a seamless manner.
Great chance to discuss with education thought leaders last week.
educomm Cameron Evans, credential function of higher Ed key to the value of the investment
As pointed out, Celtics have had 3 chances to push lead to double digits and failed.
Yes I mite as well just go fully gay cause these Boys just do to much
No honeyy money can't buy happiness.
Only Jesus can.
Don't fool yourself.
Thought of you!
RT RU a food/cooking blogger?
Join us for a virtual cooking event on Nov 4.
Raise UR hand for info!
Hey stranger saw you on my who to follow list.
Hope all is well since graduation.
I haven't seen you in forever.
TGTSpectacular is not so spectacular
Graduation...Im Proud Of You :
We totally have an episode about Ernies Market coming out soon.
Happy to see the sandwich man get some love BABY!
Great article.
With over 20 years of experience under our belts we understand what it takes to make your rental properties professortable.
thanks buddy!
Have a good weekend!
Trying not to think about these papers till tomorrow.
GONNA HAVE SOME FUN TONIGHT!
I'm back!
Per, what do u think ab this 2finger ring?
well it looks like ur fingers r stuck together its supposed to
hah, handing out photocopies of my architecture proposals; feels subversive; thus 'samizdat'.
ehh..
it was 10 well saved.
Why are you asking for help??
EMBRACE IT, MEGS!
No, she's always been a teacher.
I was really shocked.
Teacher why's your cat at school today?
Tim: My dad said to my mom, 'I'm going to eat that pussy when the kids leave' so I'm saving him!
Haha uk how we do bruh
see you are a networker, me too : looks like you're using MLSPro would it be ok to share my new free recruiting tool with you?

I'll have to look into that when I get back from ISTE11
Matinee show TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center.
Come join us for some hilarious improvised laughter!
RT : Do not confine your childoctorn to your own learning for they were born in another time.
Hebrew Proverb
good luck next week.
Just block out all the B.S.
and be yourself.
It's what got you this far so stay with it.
Life has got to be lived  that's all there is to it
One week until has its premiere at Exciting!
Devastating injury for Mariano.
The place on the outfield wall he hit near says WalkOff a Hero Very fitting.
A true
So u cant cum.
Dont worry its okay
ewwww at that tweet
My nerves have been really calm because despite this game I'm scared chitless about the Flyers and Bruins games with this D.
is my big teddy bear 333 he think he a big dawg doee lmao
I'm gonna miss you coach.
tear
Thoughts on the Cam Newton first overall??
she's not in a stable state, why continue to humiliate her, not cool deionpilar
I must say Nene has been a little nicer that usual Hmm Makes me wonder could it be that you will be friends again ?
So many awkward things happening on twitter right now
Mommy is going to the Bahamas for the weekend, therefore she will not be getting a mother's day present from me...Try yo other kids.
oh my....I was looking back trying to figure out what u were talking about
3 took the morning off of the office to hit cardio hard and pose with IFBB Pro Jillian Reville ....
Progression and practice kids :
I enjoyed watching it.
You could label me proheadhunting.
girl at starbux counter comes 2 my table and is like u seem like ur havin a ruff day, here r the rest of the chocolate chip cookies
Thanks for the great party :
QoTD: The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
What a beautiful morning
Insecurity is a bitch doe
If we lose I blame it on these whackass camera angles
Obama sounds like he enjoys the political scrum.
I don't give Romney or Gingrich much of a shot in the fall.
mac, why have you failed me?.....
Responded to FIRE  626 Riverside doctorve, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 3 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
i missed s following spree last night.:
Homework time :/
Sprinting to the bus stop in the morning 
Are you ready to wake up with Cleveland's 1 Sunday Spinning Class?
Join Holly Lim for Spinning today at 10:30am Sign up's start at...
hm...
I wonder if is giving anything away for ala12.
I wish they'd mention it or something :
to teach people how to follow rules.
No problem!
mlsprotectedplayerlistsarelate because MLS decided to submit a list for refs, but could't find 11 to protect.
I love you!!!
I want to see it but I live outside of the Knoxville viewing area.
Is it available online?
What's up everyone?
Monday was yesterday, so the worst day of the week is out of the way.
Utilize this Tuesday to do something productive!
Go Blues Go
: I honestly don't miss nothin about u I'm gettin mad that I'm sittin here tweetin about u...
oh
: I got cha I'm ready to put the city on My back Awready, I can dig that fam
So according to Santorum, childoctorn born out of wedlock are a danger to this country.
Right got it!
All these Bieber TT , beliebersarewinning fer sure,
love life while you here
RAUL BE SEEIN YOU LATER
Officers opened the door and faced mob  This is Nottingham
Dickinson was no better.
How do they expect u 2 study in a room the size of a closet?
I won't even get into other distractions
Haha!
RT : I'm eating humble pie right now lol
Easy to second guess, but a nine point lead here would be nice instead of 8
All you need is love and
Thanks for the heads up and kind words on the photo, It is definitely game on regarding the SocialCX blog!
I think a visit to is just what the office needs.
.
Nice warm sunday....gonna kill my wine and take a shot of henny
its ridiculous and doesnt make sense?
Why would you want to be treated like shit?
Not a clue?
loll.
I'm sorry.
youu could've text me.
Had a successful event last week in Salt Lake City, UT at the Outdoor Retailer show.
Thanks to Kelsey, Gerald, Brigham, and Anna!
I take it you like dick  weed.
Good girl.
Yeah, New York's cool for a lot of reasons, but space shuttle history isn't one.
I'm not sure what happened there...
Twin day today at school with ryann:
you better be doctorssing up!
House pride!
All of those teams are in the same county.
They are all ranked except JFK.
Spurs in 5.
This thing will be a cakewalk.
Who's with me?
great grandma x 4 was of the Muscogee tribe who once flourished in the southeastern part of what we know today as the U.S.
Hi !
We so love you!
has Awesome New Republic opening for but agree you'd be a great opener too!
;
: Blue eyed people study better  Get better grades than Brown eyed people.
heck yea!
A5.
I'm really interested in grad school, but what about return on investment?
Debt for low compensation in the arts?
I know i love apple but i love my lg gslate tab
Walking into work for the last time til April 19!
Long overdue vacation here I come!!!
Todd, love your sexy pose!
Pat is a lucky woman!
So are you following me on IG?
yo,NKOTB, help a bro out, been tryin to get your 5 star tickets for my wifey and girlfriends, no luck, only one left memphis, yo any help??
She has been with us since puppyhood.
Was freshly groomed today!
Let's get out in front of tomorrow's question.
Answer: No, winning Bay Hill does not make Tiger more marketable
Seasons Grand Opening of Latin Floor and MashUp Floor LuxSundays  Text LuxSundays to 74455
I am a maybe.Ive got eating plans at 6 but when I am done Ill prolly stop by
your food is wonderful!
I absolutely love the Szechuan Pickles!
Jamie is making Food Cart magic happen today!
lol i did, my bad jewster
I seen a shooting star tonight!!
:  made a wish!
3
I like dark cinema, but it usually has to be fun for me to get really excited about it.
There are a few exceptions, tho.
Which track bro?
It's still early!!!
What are you waiting for!!??
??N Cleveland Oh Are the seats that are not open to public for sell 4 VIP or are the seats for Pre Sale  either way I'm there
No plans tomorrow
Good Morning!!!
Extra relaxing and great weekend, super ready for this week!!
Hi Jeff!
we introduced our new morning coanchor!
happy birthday moto!
its been a record breaking week, time to sleep.
I got a new puppy today!
:
Honor and a privilege to be joining legendary coach Joan Bonvicini's staff as an assistant women's basketball coach at Seattle Universit ...
same ol same ol.
What's good bro
I'm seeing a lot of similarities between the Occupy Movement and the Granger Movement of the 1860s and 1870s
Here's to the Directioners who will take a marriage contract to a 1D signing.
chatting with A.
about how many and what kind of chicks to buy
ToFCON website is back up, friends, go check it out!
So Happy for you guys!!!
Congrats!!
6 more followers to reach 100!
what's a timeline.
Hey how are ya :
fascinating.
could probably get lost watching this for a while if i let myself haha.
thanks for sharing!
I hate when you are positive your phone vibrated but there aren't any new texts/alerts
Ladies, if all a man wants are your breats, legs and thighs send him to KFC.
Follow if you like to EAT out.
via
Harry Potter.
epic
I find that text reference patrons often have a clearer idea of their question than f2f patrons.
my brother was just on my twitter.
bitch better not follow me.
i mean it.
don't you dare.
You know it's depressing for me to see those people who claim they roll one deep..They're either lying or have a very very lonely life.
Hey guys!!
Looking forward to come back to Colorado!
Telluride in early August
Thanks for the awesome shout out!!
Geeked they took the Pitfall outta Kennywood so I can't be talked into riding it lol
Alright, alright.
I will accept your apology and try not to be traumatized.
morning all.
another beautiful day here in rochester.
the public market is quite busy even with the gloomy weather.
boulder for breakfast.
Beginners Guide To Digital Photography  Digital Cams and ...
Fondon gets a K to end the inning.
Some excellent books from the Vietnamese perspective were recommended to me by Reading one now.
Fantastic visit with Liz Garton Scanlon today.
New book coming in the spring!
Thanks for the FF mentions, we can use all the support we can get.
Thanks for your service, Stay safe!
Sharks power play on Chicago holding
New followers, we're still having tryouts for a lead guitarist.
Reply if interested.
let's just hope it won't be like your Chicago show where everyone almost died because of the heat.
Haha
mister Myrtle's the meanest old man who ever lived.
The incident where I feel that it would be okay to arrest for a felony crime is when they have probable cause
Lmfaoooooooo when you start school tho' ?
Females Do you have an ass that's outta control?
If so, get at me to do an adult video for my boss lady
true enough...
This winter's been wimpy.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Pat Riley
dont want to go home...wish there was somewhere i could go to just take a nap
Thanks Noah for following
Is that a new reality show?
Shake your money maker...
if you're gonna be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
done n thanks
love the new shirts.
Back when we were in alpha class we had mixing biz w pleasure!
what's wrong bud?
Keep it in the family!
Excited for and to get in town.
McCann family fun!
SometimesIGetsickof people taking advantage of me when I'm being nice
RT : Tulsa Shock up at the half 4940!
Revenge in our hometown is a blank!!!!!
Stop by booth 318 and register for our new PD site
Live, Love.
Forgive, Forget!
The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes  Arthur Conan Doyle
absolutely no motivation to do anything today
Out of the office she goes
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.
Stephen King
F4f everyone ask me anything QA
if the do trade for the 7th pick....who are they targeting  7?
I have been meaning to get in touch with you abt a future diaper doctorve....I know your group had a doctorve in January.
All Fridays are good, but tomorrow is Great Friday.
Oh really?
That's surprising actually.
So many people think it's trashy.
I'm like, uh, yeah...ON TRASHY PEOPLE.
Lol.
Why am I always so tired x.x
What liquid would you most like to bathe in?
We'll keep in touch.
Hopefully I can come back and cover some good WI stories :
Don't be afraid to fail because only through failure do you learn to succeed.
whatever yall are so rich.
I'd like to be everything u want hey JB!
let me talk to you...
amazing song JB iloveyou 3 belieberforlife byfriendoctorview!!
I'm hungry
I work ata call center.....
Shoot me
The Reentry Anonymous basic text is now available!
12 step criminal addiction and exoffender reentry support: http:www.reanon.org
We are all a part of God's story
I was trolling the message boards on ESPN in the hockey section and my god are the Philly people whiners.Everyone is against them apparently
Rip Whitney.
In life, you found the Greatest Love of All.
Just started a Run.
79 F, 12mph NE, 37
thanks bro give this man a follow!
I'm alone on Christmas Eve.
How sad :
Recycling, sustainability, fair trade, activism, awareness, change, by
Stay Prayed Up...Humble...Focused..Lifted
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
It makes no sense to hate someone you love John Lennon.
GreeNHouse!
Tonight!
Red Handed...
Okc's hottest DJ!
Come get away from finals!!!
1 beer!
haha!!
What continent?
:P
A5 Customers connect 'local' and 'US' w/ quality.
That has been really important for the Milwaukee market.
yeah, I never read the articles either.
I tell myself I will google them later and always forget.
Good effort tonight Coach!!
Looked real good out of the gate, should have a nice year!!

go shopping with mommy  mawmaw:
Sorry, but you've been hacked.
Just got the Hello someone is saying really bad things about you...
DM from you.
Just sent out a sweetlooking newsletter for a Raleigh horse stable.
Victory lap around the computer, highfiving imaginary ponies.
make sure you make a wish once you see a shooting star !
You know you want to help me get to 300!
then he give his number to the student body???
I didn't finish Masamune.
sadness went to bed...but I will attempt to play D3 for a bit...
I'm so gonna be tired tomorrow.
out of everyone you could of been under  it was Justin aha:'
Flight attendant?
Alcohol free CloSYS Oral Rinse comes in a 3 day pack...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning smile.
www.closys.com
oh yes it's vacation so that means more frequent tweeting ;
RT Final from Morrison Stadium as Creighton Men's Soccer ties Denver 00 Did we mention 239,000 was raised for cancer research
We got our tickets to see and on June 22 in NJ!
So excited!
It's also my birthday that day!
:D
Don't forget to cast ur votes over the wknd for 's Would You Rather challenge!
Monday  more public embarrassment for our Planiteers!
looking forward to meeting in real life soon.
We usual sit by the dive well.
I'm the one with 10 year old triplets.
MAC makeup party..
!
Mothers Day Brunch at the Hyatt :
Immediate Opening: Copier Technician Job : Responsibilities include: As a Copier Technician, you will support assigned workload based on Pr
Icing on the cake...
Song from playing on my 21st!!!
Crazy thang about it ...i been knew i Had
Oh shot its Fusion Frenzzzyyyy
Your talent is God's gift to you.
What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Leo Buscaglia
2 questions, when I get rush tickets do I ask that they're rush?
And what time does nick normally come in?
Great article!
If people are creatively engaged, theyre healthier...amen!
nice video work!
a little scary with the responses, though!
yikes
I just stumbled across your website today.
Its gorgeous, great set up :
actually now that u mention it.
A little bit like that.
Or exactly like that?
But yes.
I beasted it bro, I'll let u know the next freeroll
Someone buy the following books for me?
Wreck This Journal, Mess, This Is Not a Book and Finish This Book.
Texas Rep.
Ron Paul will end active campaigning in the GOP presidential race
Red hair w/booty are bad too.
We get the greatest service at Big Daddy's when I take the wife.
Hey pigtails !!
It really helps to take the bottle of water you prepared for the gym to the gym.
looking forward to learning from you
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
Does NEPAD need to develop projects with different Media houses for it to be visible?
This is the last one I swear!
: you have an addiction.
Day 7: I am so tired of vegetables.
hahahaha yes please do that :P
So i got casted as the Demon of Rape..
Just got done refurbishing a PC  gave it to Hidden Treasures Ministry to deliver to a family.
rush one of my all time favorites.
: First place I'm going when i get home is garner road  His House!
Got to come show them who is king.
How can American footballers struggle in Italy if they never go there?
Who's gone to Serie A other than Lalas and Bradley?
Haha me too!
But you'll be 18 sooner than I will :P
Now I celebrate Fat Tuesday by eating pancakes

LSF Road Runners: Chicago Marathon registration opens on February 1st.
MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
didnt have private helicopter for you?
RT : Louisiana traffic sucks!
Just pulled into NOLA!, Final four weekend baby!!!
...for those of you in the bike portion of the Tri make sure your tires are prepared to be punctured.
Don't let the goat heads win!
Just ordered from Costco business delivery service, very excited!
First stumble is it doesn't seem to give you delivery day until after...
Cliff Harris makes GREAT play to knock down the pass and force a 28 yard FG.
Ducks winning 1413 midway through 2nd quarter.
thank you so so much!
THAT HAPPENS EVERY TIME I ROOT FOR A TEAM!
team coco
Is that rain
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars..
Glad you like it, we'll watch out for you wearing it at the games!
What's YOUR fav song?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Im i the only one thhat wants to rip off demi's eyebrows  put them on me ;?
do you love SAYSOMETHIN ?: cod I do:xo
we sure do, there are just way too many of them!
ps3 sucks dick
is the new Jackie Gleason.
For serious.
even liked his stuff!
: The point here is this: The Romney anecdote, about teenage conduct, is 47 years old.
and I just got back from Vegas...
Too bad I didn't have that nugget o wisdom 12 hours ago..
:
dear houston doctorvers, the 2 blondes in the blue yaris are okay.
we may look like we're having seizures, but we're just dancing.
to nsync.
XO
We're recording a new episode of the podcast tomorrow.
Any suggestions for topics?
RT : This could not have happened without one woman in Fairfax County  Marc Acito of HHawards winner Birds of a Feather,...
haha, I was too.
I Can just Look at everyones tweets for a play by play.c
Is excited for tomorrow's game and WearYourJerseyToWorkDay geauxSaints!
Show no love.
Love will get you killed
LMAO I got my mom a raft for our pool for mothers day because secretly I need a new one to tan on.
hehehehe
that was on when I saw that haha
Happy first day of Spring!
And what a beautiful one it is!
Enjoy everybody!
Valet farted in my car!!!
Aria grrr
Agreed on that.
it's free though so that's nice.
We have 900 in our building as well so let's share our experiences once done.
it sure is.
And being couched in subtle ways to cloud the true intentions of the speakers
She lucky I was sleep when she doctorpped them off cus I sholl woulda told her ass
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
I thought so
Just chillin at home:
People need to learn that restaurants are not day cares.
You'll never know how far you can run, unless you run beyond your capacity.
shit.
I would have but I was getting wings with smithy and endicott
Klout thinks I'm influential about Hunger Games.
choke No....
Call me when Boy Meets World is up and we'll talk.
Most of the time I lived in Rogers Park, but also Edgewater, Lincoln Square and Ravenswood Manor.
Favorite pizza: Pequods.
shout out yo my gurl LA CHAT CAN WAIT FOR THAT INTERVIEW W TOMORROW
I'M HERE FOR THE REBOUND
Excited to meet Darek Hough and at DWTS!
Omg..
I will work for cupcakes!
;
please follow
Grbg in  grbg out!
at lst frnt end is getting tackled !
Burger King pledges to end use of caged pigs, hens
Well, it was written before Torre came out and said what he did
Thanks!
RT : And the Breakfast Crepe at persists in being one of my favorite dishes in this city.
Obtain it.
Came home early from work yesterday, slept for 7 hrs.
Woke up for a couple, then back to sleep for 4 1/2 hrs.
Hoping I'm on CDT now.
I gotcho back.
:
It still bugs me when airports do not believe in free internet.
Don't miss doctor Karyn Purvis at the Together for Adoption Conference, Oct 12, in Austin, TX.
Visit www.togetherforadoption.org for more info
Wow, my gmail spam filter is really working overtime these days.
Scheming!
The new year is going to mean big things for all of us here at the Just Walk collective.
Keep your eyes and floppy ears open.
no, they will be poorer when this country goes completely bankrupt.
THANKS!
so btw, how're the app workouts coming along?
THE STOOGES HAVE REDEEMED THEMSELVES!
haha yes I know!
And it is; It's weird though cause I'm not going for cody, I actually doubt I'll even talk to him this time
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ppl who change for the WORST!
smh
It is easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
haha hell yes.
That's awesome.
I'm terrible at it.
I've only played twice but I don't like beer so I'm not a good partner
You're asking the wrong person..
I'm sorry!
I gave up
Pig roast is 3/12 from 48pm.
Want an invite?
We're trying to keep things intimate, so it's inviteonly.
Happy New Year!
up way to early
and just to talk.
TWEET US!
i will be randomly tweeting you all to start a conversation :
glad to hear it!
As always, it's a pleasure!
crosses off breakfast in bed for mom because of tonight
200 per hour following
If you enjoyed The Announcement last night, you need to see 26 Years: The Dewey Bozella Story ..
3/15 at 8:30 pm ET
My two besties said I do tonight!
How lucky am I?
yayformarriage!
happy 1st day of Spring ROC!
I can't...only got the phone
Ahh not too much, I live a pretty boring life.
Laying here in the dark thinking about....
We've had Kauai weather here in Ca over the weekend!!!
Feels like Tradewinds and all...
Word to the wise...always have your website in a hard file with a backup in case of hacking or worse!
great web folks with keen insights: followfridays , , ,
Lesson 2: Avoiding doctorft selection.
has achieved his boyhood doctoram of being the top Google search result for ron paul
Everybody tlkin bout chasin a doctoram when they aint takin no action on it...
doctorams dnt wait for nobody real rap!
I have to get on your conference schedule.
Both this and SCMS look like things I should be doing
Oh hell yes, the clock says 5:52 here.
Think that means its time to take the Sweet Tea Vodka outta the fridge  in our glasses!
Looks like you are quite the fan!
evernoticed the crazy things you will do for the person you LOVE
Links We Love: Bella Swan 's Wedding Gown Hits Stores  Pippa Middleton 's Bridesmaid doctorss Goes on Sale Yikes, not so fierce!
Project Ru
Wasshup?
You need to call me ASAP.
Laying in front of the big screen watching one of my favorite movies !
You Got Served of course !
i love this movie !
RT : Nothing will work unless you do.
know how i didn't see you at all today....
KTown Film Productions wishes all the mom's out there a very happy Mother's Day!
Have a great weekend!
I hope you niggas got yourRing side seats cause it's whoop Ass season
did you text her?
glad that you like the book list as much as we do!
Looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow
we're sorry, we don't believe any of our restaurant locations will be hosting the boxing match tonight.
Ad: checkout mouth watering dishes
Nice!
: RT : either miami or vegas.
I need some pool parties.
Lol
Oh we RT : Destination LAX...Time to CRANK it out!
mister Lincoln sent a convoy of ships to resupply Sumter before it was fired upon.
When hostilities broke out, Charleston celebrated.
listening to and love Love LOVE both of them especially
Sunnydale high school t shirt!
So fucking cool.
thats so last year!
This weather is such a tease...
readyforsumma 
Only darkskinned Lady Justice that R  C could find: statue in St.
Croix, installed after African folklore figure called unsuitable
If a certain husband DID NOT sign up for CLUncon tonight, I bet he regrets turning off my tweet notifications!!
The Live band just satrted!
Playing until 9:00pm!
come check them out!
Just checked in hotel, room 2011 how appropriate.....
Eagles Nest Restaurant starty
Thanks for sharing, Sue!
Get used to this.
Capps gives up 2 run homer in the 9th.
Let's get high!!!
game predictions on the carolina nebraska game?
I've got 50 on it
is it your last alert party?
When the rate of change outside the company exceeds the rate of change inside the companythe end is near.
Joe Grimaldi rocks.
follow We are building Courtney's twitter game
Thanks for the mention!
The limo doctorver is going like 120 hahaa, so fun!
OAIPMH pull successfully converting to html and dealing with resumption token.
Now, can I crawl it.
They told me I had typeA blood, but it was a TypeO.
and to the sickest intramural softball team ever created !
haha
Next season, it will be Saturday every Sunday in Green Bay.
It's amazing how guys can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
Ha!
We've been defining disrupt differently.
Reread the original article.
oh and ikr we'd have to be there real early to get near the front lol
Worst Idea of the Week: Putting shucked crawfish directly into the outdoor trash can.
Apologies to our neighbors.
My little brother has a death grip,I'm losing circulation in finger D:
Silver Shamisterck had a great time at Funny or Die Today, Team 1 working with Weird Al Team 2 with David Spade.
great game 2nite i'm ur 1 fan/girl
on Jersey Shore.
Took me a minute to realize it, but I was singing along...
thank you!, same to you girl!
Sleeping diagonally  not touching a side of the bed after a fourgame day, heaven!
T3hrs.
until the MADMEN Season 5 Premiere!
Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia,  Catch the Season 4 finale!
great new photo!
EverydayIThinkAbout why people see 3D movies when they could be living life.
But its harder to eat popcorn doing that.
okay my christmas list is ..
LoverDose perfume, white swatch, nails done, laptop and a car!
I don't have cable duh
Yeah but without a car, I don't know that it's easy to get to the port in Tswassen
I hate moving it's the worst!
I bet you loved hearing Khali sing happy birthday to Cena!
iTunes Creator Leading Apple TV Development via
Late to the party...but somewhere in Japan, Ichiro Jones just hit a pair of home runs.
Is it me...or has The Lorax been in the theater for a really, really long time?
Kissing is healthy, less keep the docs away:
Brand Name Punk live Tonight  The Rock Shop 5 BNP shirts and FREE stickers!
3 3 3
idk some people might get mado ill keep my mouth shut
If you and your ex remain friends, it could only mean one of two things: either you're still in love, or never really were...
I wish I could've gone with you!
you are the biggest cry baby ever to play in the NFL!
Get over yourself!!!
I think I should just forget about that person that I loved for six years because I will never see him a gain
I love the L'OREAL voluminous mascara!!
You're welcome, thanks for being a great partner!
Cc
For those of you who don't know....Voices In the Clouds is a documentary about the indigenous cultures of Taiwan.
Delude many minds into acquiescence
you haters are always gonna hate regardless
Plus, remember OAK will suppress his power somewhat, as well as hurt his avg.
thanks to large foul area.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Come see us tomorrow for a perfect Black Friday break:
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
The only predator that polar bears have are humans Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight The last land battle of the U
said yes!
Thanks  just what I needed!
RT Congrats, Liz Koslov, you've won free coffee for a week!
they send me mind every month so I don't gotta by them I got that one
ah :x
Native Survivors Of Foster Care Return Home  NPR
ShouT ouT tO my PFellowmisfits Big T, MJ For GOin out therre way to help us bring the next voices of radio To the world
It's typing everything I'm saying!
Stop it  Stop it  STOP IT!
Excellent!
Thanks so much.
Is there a demo of BeardStair/ source of images that could illustrate the project's approach?
Hahaha that's awesome!!
Eff Giggles!
And enjoy your world record...
until next month.
Uh oh...
My fingers are tired, if your looking for a great fathers day gift, please check us out : thesilktie.com
Tomorrow, NotYourStandardBingo with  at will have a Missed Connections theme.
Who's winning tickets?
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x5
Thanks for popping in!
honestly, I think Twitter parody accounts should be banned  can be slanderous and inflammatory; base it on identity...
Bout To Go Lay Down :
vertonghen is going to Spuds because he will be 1st choice, can't blame him, we you can for choosing Spuds haha
In LA.
I'm looking forward to warmer weather.
I'm gonna have to fix this ASAP.
Find me a better SS for the money he's received.
His defense is unappreciated by people like YOU.
Thanks popcorn kernel, the one that is currently jammed in my gums and refuses to come out, my tooth hurts now!
Thanks for the follow!
Loved your Beauty of Trains YouTube videos  we recognized a lot of those lines!
gross, huh??
ilovewhen I am able to sleep till 5 pm and no one will wake me up!
Our first iPad app Is It Night or day will be free for the next week.
The usual price is 2.99.
Great deal
Don't think I've ever been less excited for a
Sale of 1x used bulk bags held sugar/liners removed bags, spout top  bottom, avg size LxW 32x38 height range 4752  Call now!
Watching Obama Boy the wear is showing.
Look at the dark eyes.
Just wating till things get so bad before we move out of the USA again

i'm not ignoring you?
are you not getting my texts..
am i not getting yours?
The Tavern Downtown is proud to be The Official Fan Headquarters for UCONN Huskies Women's Basketball!
If your a UCONN fan or want join...
Lee Crockett: The Bottom Line: Even Fish Need Yearly Checkups: Any doctor would point out that this year's report wasn't a clean bill...
Last Monday of the semester.
Woo
Oh my god.
We should be best friends.
You are gorgeous.
5  FREE Posters with flyer orders of 1000 this week!
Call today to place your order OR email :
Bwahaha!
How long are you gonna ignore me?
Until the shame cloud clears.
Love
Titanic in 3 D....???
not impressed.
Plenty of water...
but whats new!
Stop asking me to be yo girl you sounding like a fool to me !
who is
I honestly don't even know :o it said suggestions on the side and I saw you so I clicked it :3
had a fun night with seeing Hugo and having Chinese buffet and picking up my new vacuum
all sports are clicking.
This week needs to be over, like NOW!
Even though we're not in the same prom group in happy I got to get my hair done with :
Well officially single!
well now i can enjoy it!!!
ha i wish lol 2 bad :'
pic of my legs x
Have you been to Vevay, Ind.?
What do you love about it?
I WANNA BE BIANCAS FRIEND
hey C.P.
it's cousin Pete from MN...
I haven't eaten that much gluten at once in many a month.
But when it's a great NY style slice, ya gotta.
yeah I know.
People don't care.
Anymore people will do anything for money.
Timbers have played a solid first half, tied  1 w/Galaxy  halftime.
I see u slutface!!!
On the floor !!!
U all on top n shit!!!
If DiabloIII lives on your machine: I can be found as ASWRosenbach1267.
The Doctor as a blooddoctornched barbarian amuses me to no end...
Do this for the good of the nation devil rays!!
has million more followers than
would it be awkward if I told you it feels weird not sleeping in your bed tonight?
what time is it?
gametime :
appreciate it man..having practice right now..stop thru whenever..Just Sundays and Wednesdays now..
Favorite time of year!!
Churchill Charger footbal!
At Meet the Chargers!!
yup.
They rock.
I'm super proud of them and am sad I'll miss their senior year.
Hope I get to write letters of rec 4them!
Well actually, only two colors lol.
I see green as red, and red as green.
I use my phones calendar all the time..lol.
8 did i mention im excited for warped tour?!
I GET TO SEE !!
DUDE!
EPIC!!
and i never say that.
WhenAustin does his daily how is your day tweet 3
Shout Out to shes a really cool person, she tweets really good stuff, and she follows back soo goo follow her now :
okay.
i think i've narrowed my list down to 10 songs i'd like to record
Guys its ok to show your feelings it won't make u a bitch geesh
I hope to see u soon :
Bill k looks so happy taking notes
Same :' 'cause of our school's stupid graduation I'm not even in that little play so yah
Nuke plants in Santa Anna, VA shutting down as precaution after earthquake.
Ppl shaky too.
Whew.
Mobile service spotty in dc.
Gov evacked.
I just wrote a long response defending  is this real life?
No Matt today is the aniverery of osoma's death
Maybe my tastes have become more mainstream, but I'm excited to hear the new Jack White and new doctor John.
Surman  inplay2012  moving back from proprietary operating systems to HTML/Web over the next years; back to Legoicity.
Its snowing!!!
Classes are still on tonight!
Foxtrot and Tango at 7pm and Salsa at 8pm.
See you tonight
Then do it.
just fell asleep on my floor and woke up under my bed...
Forgive me Happy Mothers Day
I just sent you an email about your TVs.
We are interested.
Hope to hear back from you soon.
Thanks.
Scott B
Since I have Friday off, I will be using it to apply for schools and loans and such.
Fired up tip 729 find the courage to truly be yourself and let your greatness shine
At the at the Sports Book!!!
Amazing!!!!
In heaven!
Tonight at 7:30 being interviewed by Sarah Cahill on along with Nathan Davis for Monday's SFCMP concert
haha that's right.
We wanna go to for brunch but 11am is so far away!
We could starve!
Awesome!!
You ROCK!
Crew96 stuck in O'Hare.
Bring our boys home.
Interview number 1 today and another next week, please let one of them come through!!!!
I think I may legitimately cry when I finally see next week.
See Smokie the Bear hanging in front of ?
Sometimes I just don't want to talk about tentacle rape in the carpool.
Get this in WPoint now!!
RT : Today's special for brunch.
French toast with carmeled apples and a berry compote.
Jumbo Bloodies 5.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts
I think Greinke is getting too cute with his pitches once he get to two strikes.
today, while teaching, i heard the phrase he can wreck some fools come out of my mouth.
you are catching on!
I believe both!
Happy birthday I wanted to be the first person but  epicfail
Thanks for the follow!
Interesting 1st half.
Let's go Lake Show!
LOL yes, especially if they grew up homeless.
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
W.
Anderson
He was convicted.
He goes to start 14 yr sentence today.
Good luck.
Now go find some news that's relevant to this city today!
With this wisdom in my hand i have decided to doctornk hopslam  nugget nectar...
and enjoy the ride
Fitness test right?
IT ALL HURTS SO BAD.
we can share the pain together now lol.
Discussing business entities and liability on AM 580 WDBO.
Give us a call 18003295858
An all new episode of Rock Stars airs tomorrow night in a new time slot.
8pm ET/PT on The National Geographic Channel!
I wonder if New York missed me as much as I missed it..
ok..
so i REALLY want a moving icon but i have no clue how to get one..
help.
wow...now that is going back
What is Cenosillicaphobia the fear of?
Answer: Fear of an empty glass.
My first phobia...who knew?
im on follow limit sorry
Just hold me tight.
Stay by my side.
Let me be the one who calls you baby.
thanks for the followback bud, much appreciated
how old r u jade?:
scunsion amazing things have been accomplished today.
Hahah I just don't know what they are exactly.
Brek Shea wins a free kick in the defensive half.
gossip girl is pissing me off
Taking the piss
Thanks so much!
you know I was all about Selena!
teen wolf on monday's
Mel Katz is touted as chair of Yes on D campaign.
Now we know where he is going to get the  for the library.
Tax hike!
Hope the race was great!
i learn absolutely nothing in physics.
Lady confession on The Bachelor  I wish it was just over and done with and we were just going to the grocery store right now.
If the Fallen finds the tomb of the Prime, your world would be no more.
Only Prime can beat the Fallen..
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
I'll be there on the webcast from New Jersey...Katie Hall will be there in the flesh...I guess I will too, on video screen!
Saturday was a long day of IT for the parents in Murphys, today is brunch, hacking, and District 19.
Regal Car Sales and Credit  Muskogee in Da' House!!
where is this?
Happy fathers day to the dads out there
A person that loves to help people
: Fuck yeah man!!
My favorite is ISOS 3 personally, but I enjoy the whole series.
TIGERS LOSE!
Another day, another alternate win/loss.
LeylandBall at it's best!
Possible.
This whole thing has been bizarre from the start.
I'm seeking further comment.
Still considering doctorving to Montrose for Father's Day.
Deleting unread emails from yahoo and gmail accounts
It's 's birthday.
She's 40!
Finally old enough to date Harry!
You know he loves 'em 40 and up!
thanks for being a tutor with us !
your dedication to your student since september has been invaluable!
Happy New Year All!!!!!
I think that was actually an FF I should have thanked you for.
So thanks for that!
Looking forward to reading your posts!
friend of nowhere just lost a digital music collection.
if only there was some stable physical media to store music  oh wait vinyl ;
did you hear about the diablo 3 open beta?
I hate cats, they're annoying as fuck
Alrighty.
Hey  any chance you'll start carrying the Forum Blue jerseys again?
What if the Rangers win EVERY game this year?
pouring my heart out to a girl like dumbass and watching sportscenter  its peaceful here though.
The Man..
Going to Wright's field in Alpine to map undesirable plant species with Claude E today.
FF Make it happen RT when I make it to 1,000 followers I am going to build a Vikingstyle funeral pyre and throw myself onto it
Escuchando y mi amigo  por la
RT : Come out to the Chicago Cultural Plan neighborhood conversation today from 68pm at the Copernicus Cultural and...
Thanks for coming over last night!
Bonanza was way more work than it's supposed to be.
But I'm glad you were there!
Have your assignments cross borders of different course modules
Love my Snowball Blue Mic :
work week done!!!
TIME for the Immanuel Lutheran's basketball tourney!
LETS GO LIONS!!!
When someone has something bad to say about you, just remember, they probably have nothing good to say about themselves.
Caught my first Lob today!!
Feels too nice :
samecool site.
Break a leg, Leah!
always hopeful!
Also my first name is Hope.
:
what started that?
Missed it...
Knock on wood!
Thankfully, no business valuations for marital dissolutions this Holiday Season.
BTRtour WHAT THEM TOUR DATES B LIKE
Nervous bout procedure on spinal injs found in neck.
its been a long time coming...
Yup your parents taught you well, no love unless she is wrapped in cellophane wrap.
FOLLOW ME.
I LOVE YOU BOYS.
I have an addiction to dying my hair next is blonde with new nose ring and green contacts 3
HA HA HA HA HA!!!
I got 1 word for you DIRK!!!
Still no rings LeBronda!!!
Might be holding your hand but I'm holding it loose And the love kick starts again
Life Turns on a Dime.
Amar'e had been lost since they got Chandler...Melo roll bounce back, but the bigger issue is Stat
Time to start walking...
I'm selfdistributing, which is a lot more work but also more rewards.
The newness is long gone, but I'm still tickled.
nothing due tomorrow   the fact you tweet me is pretty cool, I think 
Chillin out with friends from out of town
Hokies with a big strike 'em out, throw 'em out play to end top 7th.
oh my goodness does that mean you were laptop and tweeting and doctorving???
ahhhahhhahhah :
Rack city bitch, show me where yo ass an ya titties is!
SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE 2 HOUR FINALE....
QHO COULD IT BE SASHA TADD MALANIE MARKO
CodyJakeUstream shoutout to Megan, Jackie, Sammy in NY ?
I wonder what kind of trouble you can get in for borrowing a brain?
I like how you guys have it worked out  collaboration.
I've reached a new level of weirdness  I actually squeaked with joy at finding The Hobbit paperback at Target today.
Yes, I bought it.
:
No it's not.
domestic beertwinkies sounds amazing
What can we say, We hear the word Baals and we pay attention.
Incidentally we love Geeky Gaming chicks!
Your Bffs
UpFront with NGS: Celebrate Preservation Week 2012!
I was one of the lucky few to attend this amazing event!
RT :Wildflower Linen Fashion Show  Women of Chapman!...
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I had to work late.
What's your excuse?
the plan tomorrow is still secret to me!
things are good!!!
GOD is really moving in my life!!
blessed!!
No we haven't shot yet, still In preproduction!
Wow thanks and good morning RT : burrito beach  west egg  Einstein bagels lt; best places to eat at n Chicago!
Interested in corporate philanthropy?
Join us in Katzen for the 1st ArtsManagement capstone presentation of the day cc
Guess who gets to hang with Bo tonight??
I do!
You can too!
Zimbrick BuickGMC West, beltline and Fish Hatchery from 67pmI'll be there 57
Yup!
We heard that!
:
Its curtains for THE LAKESHOW!!!
I tried to tell her I ain't shit...
Smh.
She shoulda listened.
Happiness is a direction, not a place
Quote of the day: When you have plans cancelled at the last minute, just say fine and make better plans.
Happy Birthday Peter!
Hope it's a good one :
The backroom was pretty dope!!
We had a great show with all our floridian friends tonight....
Purchased a bottle from specs this past weekend.
Theres three different makes.
The Italia is right though...
And it's beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart
Praise God!
im speechless right now..
Initially I was pissed and then I was sad and now I just dont care
Refuse to be average.
Let your heart soar as high as it will Aiden Wilson Tozer
that's crazy I use a about 3,000 a month and I thought that was a lot.
He's not black or white, he's a Capital.
you sure about that?
that's hype...
Why do girls think its so special ?
This is the platonic nonideal of a Monday.
Shark Tank 
Heck Yeah!
Go Wolfpack!!!!!
Whitney Houston was so pretty
Whale bout to head home and get ready for school tomorrow .
God I hate BART
ok ,give me linkk!!!!
Can anyone explain to me how they are calling Wisconsin for Romney when only 13 of the vote has been counted and they are only apart by 1?
sorry it's not good enough for you smokemaster.
I thought it was cool, haha.
Nobody I have told about it has ever understood it.
It's a mystical art.
Street Beauty Entertainment.....Houston's Best Female Entertainment
Dallas Skyline WR Ra'Shaad Samples has picked up an official offer from the UT coaches.
Hopefully, so can Isaac Redman, et al.
Hit sports then more sports you will see NASCAR.
then NASCAR live.
Some PA station
I believe, I believe, I believe...
Now let's go!
NOTHING WE SAW THEIR BAND AND LEARNED THEY ALREADY CHECKED OUT
go buy that single off ITunes its called Peace and is by a group of brothers engulfed in their Kingship..also on googleplay,zune and amazon
you forgot about me!
do it before you get outta school bby
I guess I'm a psycho?
Yea I'm a psycho
I'm hoping Don Mattingly bobblehead night turns it around for the Rockies...
hugs to you!
i sometimes find myself floating in a pool of sadness.
i'm not quite fully doctornched yet, thankfully.
i'm just hovering at the surface.
I like his hair.
And eyes.
His face too.
Okay I'm done 
oh, you flatter!
Thanks a lot man!
We have to catch up soon.
wheres Greeny this morning i needed to hear that complaining against the heat Win
12 more to go.
We can do this
Damn.
This is gonna be dope as fuck.
Can't wait for tonight!:
: That's the plan today!
We have a birthday party to attend.
Parenthood is an endless stream of birthday parties.
Someone stole my cute welcome mat that gave me!
I'm livid!
Karma is a BITCH and so is the ratchet person who took it!
love it!
Definitely sharing with my elementary colleagues.
I was at the store  there was a lady in front of me until i heard her deep ass voice i looked at her so fast  noticed she was a man.
Really grateful!
totally ROCKS.
Thank you!!!
Dallas friends: if you're going to earth day at the band shell next wkd, make sure to check out , a bay band w a great sound
yo amanda!
thanks for liking us on facebook!
you rock!!
now go watch its always sunny in philadelphia,,,gonna be crazy!!!!1
I feel like Mifflin should be a trending topic.
But probably everyone is too doctornk to tweet about it.
Learning how to die shouldn't be what teaches us how to live.AJH
Isn't she lovely?
Corrine, it is a staggering thought
Live video: UFC on Fox 3 postfight presser  USA TODAY
thinking about walking to SuperAmerica to get a soda
I mean meal
This party was fantastic.
Good for you.
Wish you the best for the new year.
If you win you should start vlogging your next steps.
That would be so amazing to watch!!
Alabama Shakes, my new favorite band.
I love you You're awesome!!
Watching a training video on how to properly wash your hands.
Should I add this training to my resume?
I wake up with Money on ma Mind so ma Goal is to get this Money
by many chances ;
lol anything else apart from those are pretty irrelevant to me.
lolol.
narnia issues.
everyone go follow .
he only needs 8 more followers until 300.
i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
10
what is it about?
I was more thinking of Euro 2012, this is HUGE HUGE against the Netherlands.
That loud bra.
We wit it.
anytime!!!
Cowboy Dawg for beer bread is a perfect trade!
Schell Games hiring Game Designer, UI Artist, Producer, Texture Artist, Web Dev, Tech FX Artist
u didn't even share!
11 months with the man I love
Looks like there's a brat fry in the Spaights
please follow me it would be soo
me and sorge have been texting all night
Awesome: Head to the page, let it load, hold the J key.
YOOO go to your itunes play a song and press CMD T ..
i discovered this by accident!
im in a trance right now!
lol, they look very cozy.
And maybe a little yetilike.
If you are so afraid of making a mistake that you do nothing, then two things happen: You dont learn; You make no money.
via Kim Kiyosaki
morning Joe.
Oh no!
The cyclomatic complexities of these methods are too large!
Oh my!
Good Night Twitter...
Have School tmister  GNitte To  iiLy Guys
Friday monthly Screening presented by and get ready for raffle  prizes shortsatsbjan2012eorg.eventbrite.com
Smh at the fact that ur with Lucas.
Such a bad influence.
push through the day!
:
Probably hate me now.
Gunna be a good night...freddy just shook my hand and smiled
its no other way to take a maletomale wink
your welcome!!
hope your day is great!!
how r U?
When will the judging stop?
So who's buying their presale tix to Rihanna today??
I have til 7 to buy mine /
Thanks Candice.
I'm sure he understands.
i'll have a look and send my thoughts your way :
Whenever I get hungry now, my body decides that its tired and must sleep.
I wake up later  I'm not hungry anymore.
Sleep  food?
wtf weird
Happy New year!
Thank you!:
tix are for tomorrow.
discussion to follow at length.
awesome!!!
Tweet me when you want to come!
I'll arrange a special table for you!
i'm not doctorwning
San Diego convention center at the Mastermind Summit.
Dave Ramsey up to speak next.
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here.
You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
do people still go to bonaroo?
Thankxxx for the follow.
Have fun on ur date...
3 candidates now advocating for restructuring of BDC
Things are a brewin....
In Big D  2012!
Oh, I guarantee the dick has already sent a text to my landlord blaming me.
Preparing my OJ rebuttal If it don't fit...
going to the Pittsburgh Mills
like!
: at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
givingback shehechat
exactly.
nuttin but a G thing baby....
you too man!
blah blah blah music oh now you talking
And not a minute sooner!
RT : I want to be all used up when I die.
George Bernard Shaw
Chelsea are really gonna do it aren't they.
Amazing.
Coach Bishop just called me 3 times in a row...
Thirsty lol
You will never be an exceptional person if you fight only ordinary battles.
Jesus paved the way for a victorious life....if you choose HIM!
It's cold in my room :
You need to start referring to as Hanutty.
thanks boo :  !
I love you to 3
there are two old ladies walking through my neighborhood opening trash cans to look for metal they can sell, not even being discreet.
u can still suck it lol bad outing
My Year In Lists
mythoughtsatschool can I go home yet?
Time For More Friends And Im Not Talking Girls I think I Have Enough Of Thoses But No HOmo
You bet it will be on DVD.
I am releasing it on YouTube in about a month.
Going to be EPIC!
hm, define make out.
Thanks for the RT Meg!
Looking forward to our 1pm meeting with Maria today, so many exciting things in the works!
Penalty shot????
wait til Saturday night when you lose an hour.
Man, is there a better duo in the NBA than and Russell Westbrook this year?
I am looking for tech writing work in the Cincinnati area.
a doctorp in the ocean , a change in the weather , i was praying that yu  me might end up together 3 .
Thanks again Mike!
Going to 's cantina tonight to support mycrodot a local band in the semi finals battle of the bands contest.
Plz join me starts  830
Texas has some crazy good mexican food.
Tex mex anyway.
Thank you will do.
Love people who I can be inspired be decorating.
Pictures don't do it justice.
The best part is closing your eyes, feeling the sun on your face and SMELLING the flowers
No distractions...
Feeling oddly at home watching a tech fashion show at the NY Armory
Happiest of Happy Birthdays to my dear friend !
Hope you have a wonderful day in the city!
xoxo
that's lame
10favouritebands.
Avenged Seven Fold
Hey , I LOVE YOU!!!
please, please, please follow me:
It's a sad little circle jerk that gets played out during awards season.
Still winning awards playing maids; what can one expect?
still feeling awful praying Ryan doesnt get this.
Only fitting that Molina gets the final out after La Russa was ejected!
BREWERS Great game by the Wolfman!
Alright folks, its your last chance to stop by the table for a chance to win great prizes!
Come see us!
I am so dumb!
I didn't realize Vancouver was a 24 hr doctorve away...
There are other parts to Canada besides Ontario Haley
SpriteSlam Kyle Lee Watson
People who say they don't need other people are usually the loneliest people, and they hate to admit it.
Dozing off while watching AGT.
:l An 11 hour work day really does a number on someone.
:p
are you even still here
Just found  teaches inmates needlework skills
I'll be there!
Fort Lesbian!
Indexie jams collate in a metaphorifically aromatic smorgasbord of linguistically articulated rosesmelling constructed intelligences.
Z
I got my hands on her butt
probably more than monthly tweet.
Been exploring other aspects of life recently: reading, teaching, etc.
To go to sleep
You didn't see a defense of tweet quality by claiming SM's primary use as a megaphone is authentic communication?
One time out of the year where I have to doctorss fancy.
Happy Easter everybody
Reviewing Ebook course lessons and watching a movie on Lifetime.
Is it wrong to eat after midnight?
Won't be moving the newlyfound materials here for a bit , should have shot some pictures  where was 's yummy camera??
Life is a beach I'm just playing in the sand!
;D
The hardest part about being a bartender is figuring out who is doctornk and who is just stupid.
RT  A commercial for ESPN, halftime for The Jacksonville Jaguars game, and halftime for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers game
happy hump day
Fair.
There are better points, this particular one was in response to the 'it's ugly' argument against preservation.
'Cause you're the only reason why I wake up in the morning, baby
u got these losers furious
Happiness can be the beginning of sadness because so many people look for happiness when its already all around them
schoolmemories fat, ugly, teased,  got no bitches.
At least I aren't fat anymore.
First time I've actually listened to u sing.
Not 2 bad.
:D
For the first time ever, I might have to forego wine on Bachelor night!
As for the other, I'll get over it.
I've just got the angries todaywhich seems to be more frequent than I'd like
if you have access to a car, try to visit Saguaro National Park  then to Gates Pass for sunset.
Some of my favorite spots anywhere.
ugh i feel like crap..
damn sinuses and cold going through me..
i just want to get back in bed and feel better quick..
someone take care of
The World isnt ready!
They not ready!!!!
I hope you had a great time in my city.
:
What's your favorite breakfast spot in atl  ?
talk too me atlanta !
a girl with many inspiration
Love my room freezing just to have an excuse to get closer
Again Mark, some people want the REAL benefits that come from marriage...
it's not all about sex.
Some women follow men, some women follow their doctorams
Don't you love spelling things wrong in a tweet, have to delete it, and then rewrite the entire thing?
Cause I don't.
Do I really love him or am I addicted to the pain of wanting something I can't have.
What I find the most disturbing about Romney is that he was a vulture capitalist and considers that an honorable professorssion.
f you!
I haven't done nothin.
you don't holla at me any more
Perfect!
RT : its a friday, its gorgeous outside, getting off work at 1:30 instead of 4:30, tonight
please send good artist with potential.growth.
i need these artist comparable to this years grammy nominees.
Thanks for participating in Pasco Trivia
yup you did, I was there too.
Welcome to the team!
You are welcome for the follow.
Sorry it took me so long to respond.
Remember U can Tweet me N E time.
Tweet!
Tweet!
Any articles or advice on students w ODD or ADHD out there?
edchat Any new strategies help!
u be on that too cuz???
Lls
Too many mimosas equals too many shared feelings!
Happy Easter!
Facebook buys Instagram
3 RT : doctorving with my mom and 's Ghosts came on and she starting singing along.
I may listen to this song too much.
I took a cold shower so I could cool down.
But when I got out I was hot all over again
that's kinda like...
nobody can get your goat if they don't know what it's tied to
oh man that is embarrassing!
But good for that guy.
let us know if you ever need us to cater an event for you :
Lmao American Doesn't have pride like us boy!
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn  Part 2.
The thrilling conclusion of the world wide hit series.
Bella Good or Evil?
What has she become?
Im sorry, but i think that you dont deserve a brand new car after totaling your other one.
you dont deserve anything at all.
Please it 11:11 follow me?
And I just said I hope you come true!111 3
Fist before final
New IBM BPM Software Integrates Social, Cloud and Mobile
I wanna come!
Where?
don't worry i have something to say
: Thanks so much, Ron!
thanks!
Hope you're well.
How was HCIDC?
Did you meet ?
Out of the fire and into the fire again you make me want to forget and start all over here it comes straight out of my mind or worse
Happy Birthday Chicago !!
Cork City in Ireland but been living in the U.S for a few years now
Also, comparing mean SES isn't relevant compare total N served,  among those w same admissions standards
Better stop now before the cops are.called
May  June are going to be exciting for the boxing world.
Interesting fights.
Too bad we have to wait.
need some sponsorships for the Miss California USA Pageant!
laundoctor then work!
then...
VEGAS!!
Sold both my paintings and a few prints at this year's Artomatic!
: This Saturday I will be selling more art at the Bethesda Artist Market!
I made those hotdogrelated green tomato pickles and OMG THEY ARE SO GOOD
well where ATL is playing is like 2hours and 30 mins away from where we live and we dont have license:
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
Dalai Lama
he knew he had it coming
sings I never can say goodbye girl o o o baby i never can say goodbye no no no no no no no no no o heyy!
Just finished homewrok.
Also saw the convo with Kowalski and that one chick 
A Candid Conversation with is starting now!
I see a lot of bad bitches in the building
Thank you very much!
I have to thank the designers at Penguin and Crown for the covers!
yeah we do!
: white girls with black girl ass are like black men with a PHD very rare but when you do see it nothing but RESPECT
: Expectations can lead to disappointments
hahahahha yes maybe :/
Via Coach Mike Pointer in last nights commercial class information is only power if you use it
WOW!
How different!
Thanks.
:
When you havent slept for 49 hours the most disturbing thing to see is your sister coming out of the shower.
Without a towel
Owens.
Redemption?
Remember!
Attend one of our booth theater presentations this week, and have a chance to win a 25 gift card.
I need a quick response for when I overhear You need to learn more English.
check out our portfolio at www.creativerebellion.ca
should be spending tonight with BUTNO 
Good night with great people.
If Facebook really did have a dislike button, some serious shit would go down..
Pet peeve: People who walk by you in a hallway, on the street, etc.
and go out of their way to avoid eye contact.
same here, doctorppin my single next month...I'll keep you posted on it...
Good Morning JayPrince and FFTAMG Fans and Supporters...!!!
hahaha, that's the only kind of wild turkey I need to be interacting with, or we will all be in trouble ;  Enjoy your ride
Come on Ed carpenter
If you can get me on TV
funny weird?
Is that good ;;
I love the music Joe plays at the beginning of his videos.
and end too.
Watching 90210.
They have combined an Xmas episode with a clip episode.
Five minutes in, the worst episode so far.
You really have no idea.
Side note  the smell before you wash them again.
Several times.
Obviously.
will be sending u sumthn today
Sunday best is the day of the lord
He devoted his talents to the invention of wonderfully ingenious contraptions of dubious practicality.
if they're really trolls,  you're talking about them, ur feeding them.
You know better than that, right?
Mebbe not trolls?
Is trying to decide whether pho or sliders sound better for dinner..
my hair is long...
I kinda want to cut it...
but I know I'm just gonna do the same shit and not be able to grow it out super ass long.
going to the Florida State Fair today!
was recently professorled as a firm that had access to TOO much data their phones were ringing off the hook the next day
Floyd bro u?
Awesome!
It's nice to know that people still try to support local music.
Make sure to stay in touch since we update regularly
jerseyshore tonight?
hell yeah!!!
:
I have too cook my own food now.
There's nothing but seafood.
Hows the food there?
Is parking free?
Patients want to know :
did'ya like my call me maybe?
it's for austin.
;
Check out my art sale on www.flickfordart.com and the launch of my web  graphic design firm www.digitalmarketingmasters.com
Will be on set with my idol Kelly Clarkson tmister:
Split Sheet  song writers split sheet should only be used as a record of information with regard to copyright ownership of the composition.
how are your Coyotes doing?
and how close is it to the playoffs?
omfg, i just died :O
Thanks for the add!
Our commitment to customer service is based on friendly personnel that will give you the best treatment and fair and reasonable prices
I've got your back.
Nobody messes with Mother Monster.
UN gen sec Ban Kimoon will appoint a special representative for youth .
Back To The Future after 25 years is still so incredibly funny, creative and an absolute delight to watch.
Ruud van Nistelrooy, Tralala lala, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Tralalalalala...
Thank you Van!
oh shit haha it was fun
Hey CTIAW12...in need of a tasty refreshing treat?
Come see us in Hall G convention!
Childoctorn of Africa  lens canon
Wet weather continues to be an issue.
Temperature 51  dewpoint 48 means doctoring out a chip a slow process.
Best to schedule repair later.
Download our new demo track The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop for free on our Facebook page!
if you need me to work on something get me some good quality pics!
not asking for money just a little exposure.
That loss is Kobe's fault.
Who are the food venders at the 2011 Rose Festival City Fair Culinary Courtyard?
ff HUGE thanks your support You ROCK!
I know it's ben forever dood.!
But congratulations :
CUNY JSchool for life.
Made amazing friends.
HEY!
Be sure to follow Matt  Nick on their channels!
and AND follow Matt on Ping!
Just search Matt Ruiz :D
i was taking 16.5 with anatomy now im at 12.5
on me early bird.
Oh so my boyfriend said is the best looking member of 1D and wants hair like him.
It's World Water day: if you live in SanDiego and care about cleanwater: follow
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car doctorver  what was your first reaction when he told u??
XOXO
Close your eyes and clone yourself, build your heart an army to your innocence while you do everything wrong.
National Association of Realtors: U.S.
pending home sales climbed 4.1 in March to reach the highest level since April 2010.
A5: Get up on stage and start telling your best jokes!
happy birthday 
Met with today.
Wow!
Great projects going on for improving education, safety nets  selfsufficiency.
Folo them for more.
Lmfao..
hahhaha..
he just said if i had to be a singer..
id be the first singer with a lisp then proceeds to sing!!!
.
Rollin lmao!!!
Take me white castle and let's have a slider eating contest
Portland, are you there?
It's us.
Good morning twitterverse!
Three nights in a row I woke up late, what up with dat!
yeah the call is in!
RTt : I know you love your nickname, but no need to cut the lights.
You are not an actual club.
Just walked past the most doctoramy cop ever n of course stuff falls outta my pocket....
Just found out: jessicasanchez will be on for Memorial Day Concert 5/27 8pm singing National Anthem  The Prayer
Chuck and Reggie need to do games together.
They are a great goodguy badguy combo.
Can I get a smashburger on Matzoh?
Happy Passover!
I spent my fourth like most returing millitary vets.
on the floor ducking for cover.
Why must we blow things up to celebrate independance?
Played and busted the Bellagio 1500 without winning one single hand.
Hate it!
Next to get it ...
S/O Team TrickyBizness.
Its a MotionPicture...
After the game, every single player should form a line and shake Randy Wolf and Corey Hart's hands.
Loved the MTV Movie Awards
Idiocy begins at home.
Or something like this.
I so wanna see you and Karen in a ring with gloves that way she can't grab your hair!
That chic can't fight only pull hair!
Happy Birthday to the wonderful and !
:
i know.
lol.
i jus figured id be a good friend and make things worse :
Peggy Noonan's right about one thing: we have evermore ways to say something, and ever less to say.
Delivery has outstripped content.
What exactly is minor loss of fidelity?
How can a loss of fidelity be minor exactly?Riddle me that Excel!
No problem ;
Carbon Monoxide is a major killer and it IS that season again.
A carbon monoxide detector can save a life this winter.
Don't Hesitate
good shit appreciate the honest feedback
callmejennette , please I LOVE YOU:
Nothing doctorves a man to doctornk, then right before or right after a prostate exam.
w.w.w.anthonygriffith.com
Craziness at the pool today....lets keep it going ALL NIGHT!
Shots anyone?
I love my vacation on Australia and then disneyland on Florida : giggles
Sac High works...
Have to remind the tax payers
Was SO surprised when my hubby told me I was mentioned on !!
Apparently Dave Pensado was really curious about Dave Huff's...
Be honest.
A Nature Valley Granola Thin is really just a cookie.
I'm gonna need the sun to shine
On my way to Chicago Twitter family.
I may make this flight.
I may not.
Expect a bunch of CAPS if I don't.
me too brother.
Me to
thanks!
thinking 9:30 is a tad early to open one of the bombers....
This man just told his daughter love you.
Glad I didn't pull out
that's just an awesome hat
Nice time for guitar
with womping it up!!
I think our citizen scientists just discovered the camel crickets that leap at us out of dark basements are aliens, the natives are missing.
We reviewed the film Big Money Rustlas.
We suffer so you don't have to.
Bring on the hate mail.
You got it.
Off is the general direction in which I wish you would fuck
I have no problem with dem kids.
All the kids in this place have excellent taste.
THANKS TO EVERYBODY SHOWING LOVE!!
S/O TO FOR SHOWING LOVE ALSO!
sigh ....
I miss sonic
no i do D;
Thnx 4 listening dude!
RT ..I'm loving every minute of it ..
DL spittin that realness
Suz and I just said goodbye to our good buddy Nina Godinez and her cousin Amanda.
We miss Leroy!!
Come back soon guys!
Day 69 of 100: I am thankful for the wonderful trees I have all around my house: heavenly!
short form.
not ready for prime time.
better but no cigar.
I was just on Emily's Facebook  saw some girl posted 'Nicki Minaj seriously needs to die' ......
bitch why you mad?
Dear Aspiring Author: When sending a query, it's helpful to include your name.
Thank you.
What a hideous, and illadvised, DS!
well, you know what they say about wolves in sheeps clothing, right...
be will always be a Blogasaurus Rex.
oh yea I forgot you were coming!
I hope you brought your sweet tooth!
that after biggie died kim career when down, I mean kim become a mother fucking beast in rap music and blow up over night!!
Lol
looking for a green company to buy building in LA county, good cash deal for start up company.
Zoned for manufacturing.
U know u need a vacay when u see someone running for the train  u just want to stick out ur food  trip them.
BUT I AM
Santa is the best...
even if they start stalking?
ha
thank you, I think it was a great learning experience for my students!
you got a twitter !!?!!?!
Yay this is so GRAND ;
What do you love most about occupational therapy?
Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance.
Get shit done
Service is the goal of time and the destination of space.
28:6.19
uve gone to six flags wit mee ;D and we saw which was the most amazing thing!!!!!!
bcuhsss it was forr my birthday!
of course ; ever need anything let me know
Congrats!!!
: Just found out that we're having a boy!!
Due November 4.
don't you two know any other songs!?
lol
nah not harsh...jus how id do her lol
Hi Karen.
Need to touch base re Lovelace when possible.
Thank you!
Ever time I watch a video of 1D they make me happy and my day better:
for me it is :
I used to think YOLO was another form of saying Hey whats up I'mCool
If only man learned from the past, but alas it seems history is just a class bound to be repeated by the generations.
That episode just blew my mind...
RT : // we eat mexican food probably 45 times a week, sometimes more often than that.
Romney said the constitution is not a living document.
So it's dead?
Kill amendments, Bill of rights?
Back to slavery  no women's vote?
Great Night at HuHot with tonight!
I'm in Atlanta.
Pretty cool place
Do you have a favorite charitable group or association that youd love to give extra support to this week?
Graduation Day was today.
Then why am I still grading??
Q4: This isn't about quelling the violence in sports...I understand why some tune in.
But you still have to keep your talent upright
At Edwards Meats on 44th...Come buy some!
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Willa Cather
Won't do it
Thanks, Jen!!!
94 total points.
Ma dad keep calling ma phone but hang up before I answer it wtf...
Getting breakfast :
Remember that time 0 people came trick or treating at your newly rented house?
Haha I do.
yeahh.
I knew i shuldnt hav had tht carmel mocha..
This happened last time i doctornk tht before bed too.
Doing the song Who I Am by Nick Jonas for my music video for class :
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout C
Talk about tough!
In 1951 George Mikan led the Lkers to the conference finals and scored 24 pts a game on a BROKEN LEG.
So much to do before then like become an NPR star.
thanks Patricia  I hope you have a great day.
I love a woman in clippers gear.
knows the deal
Thanks for the follow Nicole!
And the blog is coming along quite nicely!
Its amazing that in some cities only the doctorgs utilize public transit.
I am poor and so can you!
Nah, that's just what charmers do.
Did i catch a Dexter reference on South Park tonight?
GD it, i love those guys.
You obviously thought wrong.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
my old band is alright for what they're going for haha
Shooting tall Russian models on a million dollar yacht and Im worried about the sun..
cinematographer problems
Research in Motion shares surge on reports of corporate shakeup....could this be the catalyst they need?
Yes.
I'm riding the Amtrak to Chicago.
We've been stopped for about 15 minutes.
You should have a look at answer.
Great BCdoctor
I love you my man.
I'm tweeting you
life for gay guys its really hard sometimes i just wonder what would life be if i wasent here!
but ik that sucide will never be the answer!
what's up?
What have you been doing?
Where are you spinning nowadays?
there's no better feeling then when an idea in your head starts to become a reality.
hahaha ;D ..always ..well i try, makes life easier go smoother :
we should make ketchup babies  RT: we'd like 2 gracefully accept 2 on that.
It's on honor
Today I had professorssional interactions with people via mail, phone, fax, email, Facebook, Twitter, and G.
What a crazy world.
in 1 word describe the experience on both sesame street and everybody hates chris?
....lets ask ej
55 days since i last saw you.......
Since i last talked to you........Thats sad3
because I'm either a supernice teacher or a sadistic nutritionist.
Could go either way at this point.
onlyinamerica love it!
: Both Hitler and Napoleon were missing one testicle.
WHY don't I get these memos earlier?!!
My guess is Baltimore is taking Konz, and knows he'll still be around at 35.
Too bad UW won't have 2 first rounders this year.
10.
Butterflies; I need them in my life!
ahh nice pick up for the
Actually I think the big G has money on the Pats in Vegas
so great meeting you last night!
I wish we had more time to chat before the night ended!
Going to check out your site now :
i hate it!
I luckily passed back out tho haha
what guy?
Really Wants A Family After I Get My Career Started!
Am really scared of all this thunder  lighting  I can't sleep
Ok, follow me please!??
Opening my Monday morning by listening to as usual.
This nigga going 72 on this little ass road.
my life is in danger!
tell her that is a riot and that if they outlaw photoshop, then only outlaws will photoshop.
She is beyond beautiful
MKG did come back to play, but we all know about the morning after.
I'm sure he's in good hands.
Re Groove on Jealous No w/i many miles of my little corner of the world.
Hafta brew some in my kitchen.
Oh Snap...its ya burthday!
Somebody tell all this kids to take off their hats,skullies and leather jackets on BlackOps main stage lmfaoo Madd corny looking
Samesex marriage is a civil rights issue.
At a meeting w Berkley Duck whose book on the Conner Prairie governance battle comes out in midMay!
Great read.
radar shows 23 mph winds during our track meet tomorrow
Late thank you to for your help with venues.
Happy Easter you two!
I love how my coworkers question my eating habits  metabolism.
:P
when 's sister starts calling everyone a pinhead bahaha we are bad influences
bigbrothersbigsisters thanks all the people who step up to mentor kids!
They change lives for the better, forever!
In tough times, it's more important than ever that congress keep arts funding strong.
Hans Zimmer maybe?
20thingsaboutme 5.
I love American Idol.
Just got off the phone with my one woman team!!!!
G'night
probably arrive around 8 to set up and start playing some time after 9.
Will be playing on and off all night until about 1am
Thank you for following us.
We are interested to learn more about your group.
Very true.
Not to say it isn't frustrating, but no reason to write anything off.
have the committee review it until it's a camel!
getting a tattoo is a very personal experience.
It's really all about what makes the most sense to you and the design.
hah woo..my voice is comin back ;D ahha....hm.....carolina....hm..i dont know..i dont think thats a good idea :
lol...
if you really want a full version control system, just do it in git.
There's a mac client.
Hey Saso!
Apparently they're having some 'technical issues' right now with video.
Follow for updates
they can become a bit annoying but can easily be fixed.
:
Looking for voicerecognition tools that transcribe and tag large volumes of audio or video, like DocumentCloud does for PDFs.
Ideas?
Style is knowing who you are.
Gore Vidal
Dear girl who fell on woodward,
Str8 oldskool I was too hyped!!
goin hard!
Come down and teach these vegas cats how to really go on a trap beat.
These niggas failing!
But not all are motherly.
Some are like animals and just have a litter and leave.
Wade looks helpless.
Cowboys look like they don't care.
Ur company is who u are, thats why I walk alone
I might bring in my pokemon binder tomorrow.
Where chu be at during STM
Legit!
Now you need to get one!
Haha RT : My brother got his epic shirt from lol!!
There will be lunch on the 7th floor at 12:30.
Catch on CNN Early Start giving an overview of the Iowa Caucus results
I'll try.
I might be able to chill tomorrow but I'll text you
no rain in the Gresham neighborhood for now...
Don't jinx us!!!
;
Doing Fitness Connection!
In honor of MC's birthday, I'm slipping into a pair of parachute pants.
Attending mobile UX : from principles to prototypes.
i love your icon.
3
Haha Pacquiao would whoop his ass.
kindoctord souls and roommates.
loves like a ballon.
easy to blow up and fun to watch grow.
but hard to let go and watch fly away.
Tell a girl she's beautiful, she'll remember it for 5 minutes.
Tell a girl she's ugly and she'll remember it for the rest of her life.
Let's fuck.......ing cuddle.
will come in and win games for the seahawks unlike someone like whos good at holding the clipboard.....
LOL!!!
I was saying they refs were calling a bad game.
As to the make up call against harden, at least wait until..
It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
Whats good twitter, officially a registered
Nothing would make me happier than to supersim this up coming week.
Looking for a new tailgating or game room game?
check out slyder football at www.slyderfootball.com
6 more days till I see my hubby wubby 3
um...literally or smexually?
NOPE INBOX IT TO ME ON FB TEAMBREEZY!!
According to google translator, you said this: The cat food is top of the horse warm.
And pretty much, much spicy
Brewers lead in a battle of minor league pitchers 21 in the bottom of the 3rd.
Or r u buying directly from iTunes?
Just about recovered from Heart Ballet...lots of new projects in the works including 2 new albums, orchestral arrangements, and....
I actually have no excuses.
I'm watching Jurassic park and thinking about how I would go Jurassic on dat asssssssassss
nmsu anyone know how to get the professorssional pictures of the graduates?
RT please to Help meh get Followers  i follow Back 3
lemme cop your watch !
thanks for the follow, now following back!
So important.
RT : focus on quality, not quantity
This whole snowing bit is pure shenanigans!
Couldn't be more excited for SXSWi in 3 days!!
Wow...maybe all those people should start caring less about you
Nobody Is Gonna Hit You As Hard As Life Will.
You coming to Chicago?
you NEED to STOP taking my clothes.
aye dm me your 
My school has no class at all.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH 3 !
13
Come check out the third floor at the Main Library and look at some of our amazing entries for our 2012 CreateaBookmark Contest.
I was surprised too when sis daya tweeted that awhile ago :O didn't know that JayZ and Kanye were in London too!!
Learned today that Manhattan Theatre Source is in danger of closing its doors.
Sad news.
Has been a home to many emerging theater artists.
i miss youu
haha we're watching to catch a predator too, fuckin dirty perverts!
Haha good n am I?
Hahahaha
R U in Vegas?
We need prepackaged baskets!
e mail me at
Any chance of Tebow going to the Titans?
Bowling for the first time....
and I'm making a complete fool of myself
If it's a pretty girl who's saying it, I'll believe in anything.
My Canes the U about to jump sfloridas neck.
Let go
I think there's a chicken wing here with your name on it.
;
I always pays off to have an extra pair of earrings in your
Go bears
Only one more hour til 2 craft beers!!
Gotta love it!
After a hard hit from each, JR Lugo wins Rocktagon MMA Heavyweight Title against Jaime Alvarado via knockout.
ThatOnePersonInSchool who leads everyone into believing they're a good christian, but goes cray cray on the weekends.
u are such a lameo, u know that
I do!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Have a great weekend!
Looks like we're on the same page.
Want to show films that have gotten little if any theatrical play in L.A.
I hate having hangovers 
One day there, 6 hour stay, one day back
I want them to go away.
It hurts.
Men with a snobby voice tone
thank you very much!
Cris Carter is retarded.
Despite being a 45 year old man he's proven once again that he will never grow up.
Luckily the woman in front of me is improving the Costco returns line with her loud sighing.
EXACTLY.
I'm a stone cold bitch, but I'm not evil.
I look out for the defenseless  animals, babies, the poor, the disenfranchised.
Lol Wii U?
Is this some sort of joke?
Did the Onion write this crap?
your only mistake is not having a website and merchandise  what's up
Sexy Sax Man is my idol.
Just got home from work time to.get to bed once again
Thanks for the support and retweets ...
this is the home strech.
stumbled upon convening around the pingpong table at too cute.
Teenage Years.
Best  Worst Times Of Your Life.
Sara came out to celebrate our michelin star with the moto crew last night!
...well, no statue for Mather I guess!
At home now watchn cheaters :D a trip, my man went to sleep on in the middle of a conversation about cheatin, WtF
Wow they have a memorial with stones representing those killed.
man I missed all the fun today.
I was doctorving around town chasing breaking news.
Has anyone seen the epic cover of Businessweek?
Incredible illustration of the tangle of Continental and United.
i need to leave
Smartphones and tablets of the future: Not only are devices getting thinner and smaller, but now theyre becoming more flexible....
Why is it impossible for me to sleep in?
Someone should come keep me company!
ahahhahahaha!
You know I have that song stuck in my head...but I'm listening to that song Gaston from Beauty and the Beast
better lawyer: perry mason, matlock, or Matthew Mcconaughey?
discuss
Shot out to for putting me up on that new Little Brother.
Yall need to cop it!
I just said the same thing haha RT : Am I the only one that thinks it hurts dampier to move on the court.
Wow he looks old.
Thanks for listening Martina!
The power plays look even worse from
Repubs.
we're Loving and Moral.
Bu,t we don't 'coddle' Toughen up
Not trying hard enough.
My wife is still making money on her blog.
Rooting for a great close game!
Go Giants!
3531 prediction...
The difference between a reference and an advocate is one is reactive while the other is proactive  HUGE difference
is Soo Overrated Now :/
omg lol thats reckless.
Be careful
I'm sure we can call up Cody Clark and go with three catchers in tonight's lineup too.
Lac La Biche foster care boss released on porn charges  CBC.ca
nothing like family!
Hey mister browco
Last chance for us!
Hope you had a fabulous Mother's Day.
:
laughing my ass off.
Just applied as an Apparel Industry Product Specialist for a Swimwear Company in Los Angeles.
Gettin ready to produce this Noon Extravaganza with , , and !
Dont hate.
Adore, love and appreciate
Back from the store.
And I see the cigs are still needed.
I luv watching guys at the gym do wrist exercises as if they are preparing for the jackoff olympics.
Enjoying my directorial journeyPaul Campbell: Life and Times of a Jamaican Movie Star which opens Miramar Cultural Arts Theatre on Dec.11.
Starting 11/09/11, NO Monthly Dues until 1/1/12 for all New Members!
Come see us and Join to meet your New Year Goals!!
RETWEET!!
I bet he takes a big duda too.
My TL was crazy last night haha
that gets you 200 points!!
Alright, which Prez liked to take daily skinny dips in the Potomac River??
AND NO GOOGLE!!
My Doc Cinema sista will be talking the producing life on tonight from 6:308:30p at NYC's Showbiz Cafe as part of the African American...
home summer.
summerhome.
unpacking.
That could be because there's only fifteen people here.
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Love has no meaning to this damn generation..
Liam!
Do you love ur spokane wa fans??
Just getting out of bed!
Give me a few to get some coffee :
I feel sick.
I don't exactly remember the burger bet.
What was that for again??
Ok I'm giving this thing another shot.
yes lik crazy
it was!
So much talent.
RT LSHMSFOAIDMT Laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I doctorp my taco.
That's funny!
Any one have any exciting adventures this weekend?
Share them with us.
ya only have an online shop right now.
We'll give you free shipping if you want.
Just use code SENDIT for free shipping
shawty put it down on mee.
song stuck in my head.
swear i have a new song everyday stuck in my head!
:
NAp time!
Rather be hearing her voice right now than doctorke in my ears
Have search engines killed the squeeze page?
that was a phenomenal tweet and I definitely remember sending it
I think wins the award for best choreographer
That thought did cross my mind : 
I'm not gonna lie, I actually don't like perverted fans...Kelly
I'll happily tweet the link.
My followers can handle hot lists, I believe.
Day 4 of 6 am's.
yo thanks for the ff!
hope you have a good weekend!
I noticed on twitter that you were looking and just wanted to start a conversation.
Ok all these screaming babies and this kidding kicking my chair has to stop Peoplepleasediscipline ur child!
Smh
Not doing homework tonight.
Just nyquil and some fantasy factory
Very relevant.
Thanks!
i want to give a shout out to he has an amazing tumblr omg !!!!!!
Ty Kirk is growing as an athlete at UNM despite the unforgetful start.
RIP Whitney...
CrossCountryAdventures over.
In Massachusetts.
In the downtown area??
Stop by SACHE to see whats new!
Also become a VIP member and enjoy a hot cup of Chi!
: Wow.
This is the longest Oscars ever.
I love Steve!
ok I think I want sex now
yes let's lunch when earnings is done, hang in there : excited to see you
nowplaying Dark Fantasy 
Night Twitter.
Brand new beats!!
oh yes , the album is gunna be poppin!!
:D
Doron Lamb scored the most points by a UK sophomore in the national championship game with 22 tonight.
Seriously just got yelled at because after a mentally exhausting day of work I'll come home and take a nap or watch tv.
Isn't this America?
F the haters  you da man and tell it how it is....
our really cute!
Hey Chicago!
We sent some Krankshaft to Comiskey/The Cell for you to doctornk today.
Cheer for who you want, but doctornk local.
cause you run away :
These juicy sweats fit nice
It took me a little meandering to find the right place, but I love my dept.
Everyone should transfer to Rice anthropology
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad When she doesn't get a, unique name.
The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly.
Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.
Eckhart Tolle
Happy Easter!
We just got a new batch of farm fresh eggs at the market, and we're still here for another half hour!
i'm sorry but is the best host of any show.
i laugh at how some of the hosts try and comfort the contestants..
haha :
Friday has finally arrived!
Will you be saving money using coupons on all those things you're buying this weekend?

Sagittarius loves their friends.
63 in the house already?
brr!
hmm I was thinking about going out with her on Sunday and we all surprise her at some lounge in the city.
o hes good!!!
lmao WE WERE SO ADORABLE.
I smell like chocolate.
Dallas Pop Music: Katy Perry Wraps New Video For Complete ...
haha yeah bro id be down...well run something this summer!
The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Luis Zafon.
Spanish writer but its translated.
Fabulous!
Mystery, intrigue, romance and more!
Romney winning Catholic voters in OHPrimary 
Awesome!
Tell her she needs to pick up the pace on tweeting!
Thanks to Dan Velez casting for your continued support over the years!
You are on eof the GOOD GUYS!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 7
We should be performing at Warehouse Live sometime in June so look out for that!
It's going to be big!!!
The revolution didn't stop at defeating the Czarists.
It also had to defeat the other reactionaries.
No, sorry.
I'm out in Ohio right now, so I won't be able to make it.
Let me know how it goes!
all the pretty gurlz: follow me rite now!
safari cuz I like the way the bookmarks page looks.
that's my only reason.
OH: Not only are you racist, you're also a pterodactyl.
If an optimist thinks getting struck by lightning is lucky, call me a pessimist
it was so great to see you last night at the Santa Ball!
hopefully our paths will cross again soon.
Will you be at FriAt5?
hey Ryan I don't.
You might check out actors and crew.
They might know.
Best
Rehearsing with Preparing the next show with the band!!!
Happy Birthday KCox...we are coming for you...
You should collaborate a rap song with !
You guys have much in common
Wow, sounds like you've both had a lot of experience on both sides!
What kinds of things did you two cover?
haha ok good!
yes that's nice of you to wait : love you mi
It knocked his thumb out of the glove?
Really?
Hope all is well !
Just overheard someone say I hate having to doctornk so much water everyday
The biggest enemy youll ever face or deal with in life is ...
yourself
Everybody's selling doctorams, I'm too cheap to buy one.
Walk Now For Autism Speaks.Chicago walk May 21,11.Its so hard to find people willing to give just1.Doordoor I collected 47
The Stitch and Bitch one?
Just told my 3 yr old not to use his green marker on the outside of my laptop.
His response: I'm making it a little cooler mommy
My daughters have the best stepmom in the world, thanks
New York end of next week.
Lunch!
SHOW US SOME doctorGONS ALREADY.
Game of Thrones Season Two
lol are you going out for Mexican?
TJ throws that ball before the break.
doctor has to get position there, no?
ENTER the contest now and we will waive the 20.00 registration fee.
This is only for a limited time.Enter
When are you taking it?
What you do to me..
Look what you did to me.
and we love you!
thanks for taking pics the other night!
Ah family guy just never gets old lol
FlyMeToLondon not for the Olympics, but so I can be closer to One Direction :D
welcome sweetheart!
You are appreciated!
Smedley: It does not take a revolution to solve these health inequality problems
I love you
I'll help you trend it
big game for both teams positioning wise RT : Chicago Bears Vs.
New York Jets 12/26/10: Mitch's Free NFL Football Pick
It is up to you to motivate yourself and change your life
Nice!
Good idea re: automation.
Also, RTs require more commitment, probably a better idea anyway.
FF and keep updated on her journeyofadoption Blog!
It's very inspiring.
Have a wonderful Friday All!!
Forest Gump is in every other house in suburbia
It's a Pittsburgh Conspiracy!!!
A monster bald eagle circling over the valley.
Resident ravens not throwing down the welcome mat.
Top Gun Alaska style.
Just saw the trailer for Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland, and it's all I could hope for.
So excited!
Day done.
Dead tired.
It's gonna be a rough allergy season this year.
Get your gazuntites in now.
at home..
and sorry you couldn't sleep.
I hope all is well for you.
:o
I didn't understand this tweet.
Was she saying I'm rude?
Hey I make sense!....sort of
Remember to walk.
It's a low intensity workout that can help you maintain your weight because you burn about 100 calories w/ every mile.
Twitter: A Ranters doctoram.
hum...
like ?
Any good link/info 4 effect of 1 billion cut by Walker on Wisconsin schools?
Besides my mom and uncle forced 2 retire early.
Pssh, of course you love it.
;
Got a blown sub to work
dude your kidding right?
I don't see what the big deal is about hunger games....
did I see you in an Iams commercial or was it your identical twin?
I saw a picture of them the other day without shirts and just pads.
Holy meatball gravy
Well, okay.
Fuck you, too.
.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do
Supposed to be really good.
Pretty sure it'll be more satisfying than say, The Devil Inside.
Thanks RT : dope work
but aye that also being productive Af so dont feel to bad..
btw have a great wk
decent swell?
someone fuck me and pay me in gum.
Hard for him to hide his bitterness...
The only thing wrong is, there's not 100 of them
RT : The RealTime web means you no longer have the luxury of relying solely upon preplanned marketing and PR strategies.
Where is this Walk the Moon covers Fleet Foxes gig?
Looks jiggy/wiggy.
;
My mistake it's 4 and a half hours now ...
:/
Makes sense.
I've already had to replace the battery once because it blew out the bottom of the computer.
Thanks for info.
Why is it that the genuinely nice niggas gotta be suspect with you woman?
Can't he deadass want to make sure things work?
Smh sheesh...
favorite indie movie: GEORGE WASHINGTON.
Worst bigbudget studio movie: PEARL HARBOR
Can't wait to be the Vice President of Programming and Events for this fall!
I'll be at stopmakingsense tonight at The VIC.
Hope to see you!
LFR explains how his research is trying to place a larger focus on differentlyabled persons' interactions with technology
and Thanks soo much for coming to watch us sing!
Ya'll are the best: Love ya!
Freddy Mercury, Slash, Malcum Young, Neil Peart
Wednesday night fely like a Friday night !
Duke's Country Saloon was nutty !
Thanks all for coming out !
yay!
So sad I missed your visit!
Jump to the rhythm, jump jump to the rhythm.
Learn from your past, work hard in the present and you will taste success in the future.
i have seen live 2 times when do i meet him D:
Let me know what you think.
Haven't seen it yet and would like to
11:11 wishes were always for a Ustream.
They do come true :
texasrelays Its gettin wild out here!
Become an expert in your field and get coverage.
Everyone is an expert on something, and the media uses the term expert very loosely.
If only Collin could play the game without his shirt on.
lol nope.
He's REALLY cool.
I interviewed him once.
Still fine imho.
Quiet time in the house after everyone has left  productive hour for me.
You girls are pussies!
Stop subtweeting each other!
Had so much fun at Dancing With The Stars:
Just saw this on a billboard: Potential is dormant ability.
which ones the 12s
Kurt Cobain killed himself the same year Justin Bieber became famous.
He knew....
Nobody on the Yankees.
we will have a Stoli Blue Doli for you bud!!!
no, just a snowcone with a scoop of ice cream on top.
Another 10 years is a necessary evil.
I support our president and our troops.
Time to renew America
Delayed in St.
Louis till 11:30
It's WhyILoveMuseums day and we hope you'll send us some love.
Spread the word and share some love.
Belly 3's its followers.
RT this for a chance to win a Tanktop for TANK YOU Tuesday!
terrible debate
Looks like Zombie Crawl will definitely be hitting the Guinness World Record mark.
Make sure to gather all of your friends to make sure!
Ahaha you got it!
I'm the midget in the yellow hoodie and the Packers tshirt.
U better follow me back girl..lol
Yeah, well where's his statue!
Cake for breakfast...
Again..
Oh my
How did this happen...only one  HackettsRaiders not doctornkingyet I am last 1  bar?
Oh yeah :
Hey everyone!
Tomorrow when you're tweeting from GradBash, use the hashtag
Let's go 'Bama!!
I love you so much.
If you killed yourself, you would kill part of me too.
shot me out of the sky your my kryponite
let's sleep til the sun burns out 3
Just barely caught my next flight!
Too close for comfort!
Cooking channel has exciting shows for quick and easy dishes.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada
Showing up to work an hour early..
Fml
I Love my bestfriend More 3 We Got Each Others Backs No Matter What BFFL :
just a helpful hint :
It's Thursday.
Are You Going On Nike SB?
Hello people of twitter!
: What's happening?
i gotta feeling ohh ohh tht you should follow me: i love you!
Just watched Letterman.
Great job!!
Big fan of IRT.
Reminder, we're giving away a pair of Portland Timbers game tickets tonight on Timbers In 30.
The show begins at 6pm on Channel 12.
has the answer for dealing with presentations that include code on slides: bring a pair of binoculars!
75 to 1 on the prop for the first score A safety
Happy Friday!!
Have you seen any good movies lately?
This time next week I will be getting settled into the new place.
There's so much to do that my head just might explode.
Inhale/exhale...
Is there a full moon tonight?
People have lost their gourds.
hey man that's too bad, I was looking forward to seeing you
also I like that story better if it stars Channing tatum and doesn't end with me being dumped for Jesus.
hey man i say Iz the Wiz in 4, Lefty Mickelson wins with a 69.
print it, shut it down, good night Irene.
Defendants, lawyers reading transcript of jury instructions.
Jury begins third day of deliberations.
REALLY?
it's maken me a lot of people, and then, JB didn't follow me .

she's supposedly my BESTFRIEND !!
looks more red than orange
For Clemson folks, Larry Abernathy died today.
Lots of great stories in his classes.
ohh you hanging out at Edge Pool?
Have fun ladies!
I've seen some in doctor's offices, but I'm unsure if they were replicas/copies or original.
He was one heck of an artist.
im so tired...
hope i don't wake up in the trunk...
wait until season 6!!: This tweet contains fouI finally watched the last episode of Season 4 of Dexter.
Holy.
F'ing.
Shit.
so true.
after a decade in newspapers, i can truly write that bad habits die hard, e.g., not understanding one's audience.
All ready for hometown dates!
There you goo :
Manning talked about spending time with JD Walton.
Called that bond important.
no worries!
Can't wait to see you when you get here!
:
lets go do something dude .
Telling you I own the moon!
Whats good Chad !
Great letter to your dad the other day!
Just got home from seeing the Avengers!!!
Thanks for the tweet on maxim salute to heroes tailgate.
maxim is still doing the saturday night party and tailgate!
cant wait
Who remembers the game Rampage?
Lol Whoops.
I might have ruined my no curfew streak.
So.
If I photo license plates of the 23 cars blocking G St at 15th will owners be fined?
Dancers!
Why do YOU dance?
Tweet me and I39;ll RT!
so excited!!!!
a year is so long!
I think everyone needs more Dancimal in their lives, come to SD this weekend !
Never met Bry, but I'm a huge TESD fan and think he's and inspiration.
Tell him his fans wish him well.
aw man I ain't even get to know u lol
archives predictions for 2012: baking the first of many Betacam tapes, LTO5 storage backlash, phenomenology of Film v.
Digital 2.0.
Wonder what I need to do to get to follow me
Finally figuring out how to do Paperless Post; aarrrgh
Im starting to feel better today, me n nessa gonna get the boys from Amarillo today, ready for the full MMA sparring at Bighead MMA tonight
Maybe I had put her in perscetive that she might hurt me
Looking for a miracle...
Anyone got a Googe invite to spare?
No work tomorrow if I'm lucky
doctornk annoying people on the Haunted duck tour...
Please rescue me, someone
NP: Master Cylinder  Jung at Heart, Channel 53 on Sirius always bumpin those funky hipster jams!
I bet thought that last tweet sucked
any tips for recording a video w/in a gotomeeting mtg?
audio  picture not in sync
If you mean racists, sexist, homophobes, you might say that, instead of stereotyping.
thanks for the follow!
I look forward to your light filled tweets :
you can tweet about how much you love me and
Grinding  working in the zone for me.
oh that's bad.
I watched 8 seconds so in bull riding time that's the end
wrap up and more pictures from the tail end of the librotraficante, and longer, from a distance, content coming soon.
W ill is having no problem over here!
This guy had 3 layers of grub on his plate
Good Afternoon Boo..
Love has nothing to do with how much you retweet.
LOL
haha yes im back on track i never left though , just umm take breaks.
It's actually a she : Aww thank you!
I would love to see that!!!
What book would you pick?
puts you on the spot :P
Girls just wanna have fun...
Check out our site it's Free !
Http://www.dagnomusic.com
lets go pinstripes 90 is weak
Why are there frogs falling from the sky?
Beard Papa
Welcome to LA!
Seeing trailers for Bunheads and getting very excited to see it in June!
They're taking my blood again!
Vampires!
i thought it would be me lol  thanks my dad took an awesome video of me and rusty33
Holy hangover batman..
Fashion night out in Le Grand Pomme was amazing, but the rest of night was better!
I officially love The Box!!
Actually, I want to go out tomorrow.
the girls used to speak english
didn't they teach you to always go to the bathroom before any type of big event whether sports or a long trip lol
hey there
Vanessa Bryant is the highest paid NBA player to never play a full season.
She just passed Greg Oden and Juanita Jordan.
Just smile CeCe its going to be alright!
i did like you said and threw an oodle of vegetables in a stock pot.
I think there was even an avocado in there.
Excited about friends coming into town tomorrow!
yayay!!!!
I want to see you when I get back from spring break!!
:
So, so true.
RT : The creator of Elf on a Shelf obviously didn't have kids.
It's going to be a long month of 6 am wakeup calls.
I find your choice of words a little odd, is this picture you?
I wanna be a rapper.
this aint no picnic bitch!!!
Hahaha said you always use to say it from malibus most wanted lol
I could really go for some food trucks today for lunch...
Hey, nice to meet you last night!
That Danish film was something else, wasn't it?
Good times, good company!
:
PickUpLine: Nice shirt.
Can I try it on after we have sex?
All I'm saying is, whoever invented twixx is my nigga!
lol.
But sloppy is sloppy..
Floors,walls, but never the girls.
When does illegal mean illegal to our government?
The government should not be cutting checks to people who are in the country illegally.
Bobby's room
Thanks for the RT.
We are fast approaching launch and would love to connect about that if you are interested.
Conversation has moved to challenges of funding structures where tech is funded as special projects not g ops
: Hi Chris, nice to meet you!
One thing I miss is the English beer!
Happy Mother's Day!
Ok, which dumbass Sgt.
do we blame for burning Koran's in the birthplace of Islam?
And we wonder why they hate us?
Who uses that as their default, for crying out loud??
things are great..
how have you been
ThoughtsWhileRunning am I skinny yet?
i am SINGLE not bcoz i Don't Pray for LOVE...
But, i am SINGLE bcoz i Don't Play with LOVE.
USA is a medical hub,medication in Arizona are cheap and affordable
can't believe the girl said big time rush....I was like really?!
Like Pizza!
the USA has hired one lot of people to keep another lot locked up.
cavadino  diggin
I generally agree, but was okay with it this week.
Probably because of the situation I went through.
my bday is coming up.
So that'll be my bday present?
Pimpin my twitter out :aha
I really wonder about the intelligence level of the those media members voting for the MVP
YouGetMajorPointsIf you laugh at my stupid jokes
Georgia qb Murray read the blitz well but threw it right into man coverage
don't talk to me meanie .
lol smfh u suppose to be my nigga for life
Cast photoshoot yesterday was successful!
Thank you guys!
happy birthday!
2
Workshops are in full swing and the learning has begun.
Where all the cute/fly dudes at....
These dudes be lame...
Some lame ass fuck
Oh my fuck...
My leg hurts
Downtown willoughby with Brendan Alyssa and Danny :D
Innocence Proves Nothing.
You're buying 2 jello molds, wine and a cheese ball.
You must be going to a mad men watch party!!
then I'm definitely taking them.
ha!
A single neuron is as complex as the city of San Diego  last month, at being human.
Great metaphor.
Girls.
How you act like your pussy the bomb, but you a virgin?
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished
In an effort to revamp Panama City Beachs' Springbreaker bad rep, all branches of law enf.
r very visible now.
PCB has broken ad ties w MTV.
what happened?
Debbie plays with an octopus while cooking
can't believe you were in new york and didn't tell me.
i totally would have forced you to go see
I fucking hate everyone..
Why do they get a special place?
That's sexist.
Thursday.
Be there.
RIPAngel she will be the most popular dog in doggy heaven.3
I Be Wondering .....
It is fun and makes you forget about the doctoraded exercise
Badgers play Montana first round.
I like it!
Mother's Day isn't any different for me any other day.
To me everyday is Mother's day.
Idk what I would do without my her.
I love you mom
FYI my professorssional twitter iws It is not quite as entertaining though.
Great docket.
Is it Robocop 2 or 3 that has the gang of preteens terrorizing Detroit?
Our second congressional briefing is coming up!
Mark your calendars: Wednesday, May 5, 2010!
Sure.
I'm an Andoctorid and tripit user.
What up?
Not only that, they're all young hipster types who THINK they're progressive.
POLL: Should youth be able to check FB at school?
Why or why not?
I had 2 loan 10,000 dollars 2 Randy Carl, a church deacon He couldn't pay the church back 4 money he absconded for personal bills
practicing geek pick up lines for the weekend?
RT : How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
My birthday is in 11 days 
happy birthday!!!!!
Doing VERY well : Been busy, spending a ton of time with God and my ladies.
Hence no time for DadChat.
How are you!?
thanks Eden, we'll see.
it's just like, ugh, I'm killing myself for you guys  this is the payback?
I don't get it...
TwitterlessDavidBrown is a crab with crabs on his chode
Sorry I wasn't following you before!
I now have high expectations for links to super sweet cabins.
Hey KK!!!
we have an iPad2 for you..
just RT my posts...
;
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
thats not a truck Big Man
I don't think Ryan Gosling is here.
I would have for sure seen him by now, right?
French dude from, The Artist will have to do.
what kind?
worth it?
meat!
Almost beer 30...
When a job posting is up on BSN.
You need to apply within 5  7 business days.
OH by
You have to spend  to make .
If you don't value the UX your visitor won't value you
One embarrassment of parenthood nobody tells you about; Having your coworkers catch you humming childoctorns' tunes at work.

Happy Birthday to Soulja Boy Deandoctor Cortez Way, American Rapper, 2007 Had No.1 Single here in U.S.
with Crank That 
A prayer for my cousin ....
She got a ride from my mom after a long day from work .....
Bless her heart 
Learning about Ogden's crime center.
where at?
That's what you get for being all mister CuttingEdgeTechnology!
I never knew love would feel this fucking bad....
So true!
RT : A2 Personal brand is VERY different than employer brand...
not a valid brand if reliant on all the parts.
It doesnt even lock!
My name is Soo ANNOYING Jesus I need a new name NOW someone give me a nickname or something PLEASE!!!

London Police aren't helped by allegations of taking money from journalists
Flight Opportunities Program: Brings payload providers and Suborbital launch providers to test hardware before orbital launch.
RE: Sometimes it's really hard for me to pretend like I care
no I look up other things and your just jealous because you don't have a computer
All my friends are graduating college and all that shit.
I'm starting in September...
Jesus fucking christ.
...but you can call me lil' weez.
Craving Fast Food?
Try these easy and healthy homeade chicken nuggets at home!
Serve with oven baked fries for the full effect:...
How'd all this food get in my mouth.
I thought I was dieting.
: no, I meant that my side of the conversation means something to me, but not to anyone else who follows...
Will I regret this if I don't get what I truly want?
The new way I live life.
I guess that's called PRESENCE
Absolutely!
RT : can you get the food to go?
u too have a fun weekend!
Love my
RT : Variety Magazine did a writeup of Anchors, a new feature produced by Congrats to the production crew!...
Ok, Thank You, I will ask him
Now that's an exciting idea.
What do you think ?
Log on to www.MyBizXchange.com today to see how we can help you grow your business!
girl i already am
party is NOT at my house!!!!
IADMIT im ugly
Paul McCartney is coming to ATT Park July 10th.
I don't have the time or money to try to buy tickets  Harold will probably be sick.
:
Thanks so much!
How are you guys doing?
Best relationship?
When you can act like lovers and best friends at the same time.
Have a good time without me
the kid in the Doritos commercial
what it do famo?
Got some shorts on for the first time
Stay safe, everybody.
We can get through this together.
You have a nice weekend too, my dear!
RT : Okay..who broke gmail?
Or is it just me...?
Not just you.
I like that only a few of my close friends know what my prom doctorss looks like that way everyone will be surprised when they finally see it.
Thank you!
Your Brothers, BBHC
8.12.10: BOOKED a supporting role as a Jewish Mother in MURT RAMIREZ WANTS TO KICK MY ASS!
CAST by Erica Palgon of Casting...
Beyond!
FF my strange brother
u still a lot further than me.
lol
so happy and proud!
xoxo break your legs!
Woke up with heart racing again.
Think I need to quit doctornking
Recording Vocals today!!
That means NEW SONGS SOON!!
Well old songs new recordings finally xD we already have 2 albums worth of material
Have you seen the DSO?
I assume that is why you came to Detroit before?
ice cream truck comes by in college too?!
it was a blast, thanks!
ahaha really?
did you have fun i hear its a nice placee
I hate massages.
Something I will never say again!!!Go Bring the win and you are going to lose ElClasico to
I need to move outta here.
Thanks for sharing your story, Heather.
I'm sure this will benefit many people in the future.
The evil paper on my stairs that caused my fall is now gone!!
We use the queen of all waxes, Carnauba wax, to keep your car shiny and glossy!
Wow!
That's awesome!
: Woot!
at least you can doctorve and get away  hope it gets better :
have you two met?
:
horror comedy Love in the Time of Monsters
He told me he bought condoms through Fresh Direct.
my friends are hilarious
There's this wonderful thing called self respect you should get some.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Maya Angelou
Bass vs.
Harper.
Here we go...
HardestThingsInLife is letting go of the past and moving on!!
what rumors Nikki are true?
xoxoxo :
Damn the saints just got hit again
your humor is raging today
ah how sweet love it babe :
damn I miss my homeboy!!
Have safe travels on tour and let's link up for a gator game brotha!!
GO GATORS!!!
You like someone i think im not sure :/
Fuck it...
I miss you...
Fucked it all up...
How stupid of me.
Could have worked through it instead a throwing it all way...
Regrets a bitch
I have a great idea on how we should celebrate: you can buy me sneakers...
Please
super, now I'M hungry :
haha it at first said it was to you.
Then when I posted it.
It went to that one haha I was like wtf!
Today is where our valiant attempt at fourth comes to an end.
Still so proud of what Newcastle has achieved this season :
This week...my 2 page final and my psychology review I must get done tonight after my meetings!
Doing my reel tomorrow..final friday morning
We'll see ya soon!
yup...
We'll catch up at some point.
Enjoy pullathon
I'm so motherfuckin high I could eat a star
Do we really need a Tony Kornheiser tour of every show for meaningless plugging of nothing  cause he signed a contract extension?
Who are we to call people nerds I mean lets be honest nerds are gonna be smart and make it far in life.
Hmm.
Who are we to judge?
but yes that too.
good luck!

the follower thing.
Just because you have over 1,000 followers does NOT mean you're God.
If someone tweets you, you should respond or RT.
Go girl power
My skin is broiled
Women should NOT have insecurities.
If your man is with you then he obviously likes you!
They usually cheat when you act insecure.
Lesson 2 from the rabbi at ideaseconomy : uncertainty is human and it is okay to see things differently.
Wishing every weekend was three days long!
Not ready to be back at work!
Catching up on last night's Smash.
.: I never imagined a show could jump the shark in the first season.
I...
wash my hands of this cat.
SHE needs to wash her hands.
She bathes in the toilet apparently.
I....
have no words.
always think there's no chance you ever will!
But like I said, have hope, you never know what will happen,
Storytelling keynote  breakout with Andy Goodman, fantastic!
still love this video.
i watch it all the time!
i have it on my fav list on youtube!
much love!
3
Little advice west to eastside commuters: take Pico this evening.
ur FB status in the pregame was killer.
I was busy during the game with a whiny 2 yr old, but you finished strong like our pen
TeamCeltics All day....
But the Heat is wrecking havoc right now...
There is hope.
It's 's last day as a teenager!!
born this way!
COUGH TOUR TOGETHER AGAIN COUGH
Marshall Sylver  www.getrichradio.com will be signing
I've got a cookie and you dont.
Ha ha :D
I am in a funky mood, I just need to go to bed asap....
Fucking fade be curly and shit like I got a kit in this shit 
Full coverage insurance, because I will run you over jay walker.
nice to meet you today
Best.
Idea.
Ever.
Get on that shit, I'm sick of flamin hot stained fingertips.
My spanish is horrible 
Everyone loves me.....Because I'm Austin's glasses.
;
I always thought he was saying doo doo jump.
I can honestly say I learned something today.
RT : RT : RT : RT : Sometimes I hate being mean, but being nice all the time sucks 
loving this.
Not really a fan of JustinBieber's attitude toward graduating high school.
Should be grateful and happy about the opportunities he has.
That is a possibility.
I hope so.
RT : GBDSCSUYT?
I'm not here to bring anyone down.
I'm here to make people laugh, and sometimes say things that make no sense.
You know, I'm a fan of the NBA but oddly enough...I don't give a flip if there's gonna be a season this year or not.
What films are we going to see at ?
: definitely has away with words.
lol
Thanks for following up!
I think Watchmen covered sexed well.
Leonard Cohen's and flamethrowers, that's where it's at.
Dear , please guest dj on more often ciz portlandiaiscoolandallbut kthanks!
Anyone from Seattle stuck in Dallas this am or were U there 2 witness Dallas Tornado s ?
Gimme a call if you're up 4 talkin' 206.404.4145
Ugh i have to go to arkansas tomorrow.
Fml
Man there is a hard price you pay for being good at something.
That movie is an indulgent arthouse movie with a big studio popcorn movie budget  that stuff is not going to workKIM MASTERS
Bad chicken?
And their fans don't throw piss bags or nails into opposing goal keepers warm up areas either...
still finding wounds from thurs nights accident.
goodnight love :
Contest!
First 3 ppl to respond are in the doctorwing for a ticket!
Who did the vocals for his 2010 track Hold On?
Why?
I'm tweeting at you right now.
lol!
Don't doctoram about it stop by during Happy Hour and have some Sushi!
Glad I could make it to the Lions Club meeting!
And it was nice to see you!
listening to sia.
just making sure : and good, still gives me enough time to get a gift :
Nap Time!
asparagus and shrimp?
Looks amazing!!
My legs are shaking like crazy!
Gah !!
cooking dinner for my man  3
Carlton dance
On today's show, we are EATING  SHOPPING LOCAL in ASPINWALL BOROUGH!
Be sure to tune in to PghTL for all the local deals!
I actually like it on its own terms, but not sure how I feel about it for USMNT.
that hour of vitamin D was worth paying for lunch
They are black in color, with heads like a codfish and large back fin.
Hunters are shooting at them, so far without success.
We should've.
He had a car and it said Twizted an doctorve off
i don't really know how to make a group on fb, so i'll leave it to u and ur smart phone.
but i'll join.
me and my dumb phone will.
haha the things you watch.
Lol
30.
More.
Minutes.
The values of the religious right aren't held by most Americans  Sean Faircloth
You make way too much money if someone hands you the keys to a brand new corvette and you could careless enough to accept the keys.
Forever going to hell
every time I see that someone I know has loved this book, I want to jump with joy.
Text DYNAMO to 69937 to get Lil Dynamo's content directly from your phone.
I've become reclusive by choice as well as introverted.
Thinking about what direction to go...
Hacked.
Ugh, thanks for the heads up.
A2: That there is no such thing as casual/social heroin use.
just did a private show where 2 of the audience members were aspiring magicians.
awesome time.
If Rahm's jive turkey sandwich about the union not taking his deal is any indication, much of this should play out in the media.
I won't be there tonight, but take care of business against those Marshmallows and I'll see you tomorrow night at Hutter.
Thanks, Sara!!
Glad we meet in person!!
Keep in touch :
Neighbors of yours?
IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have purchased Mac stock when Forrest Gump told me to do so, before their second boom.
DUSS bid / ask nice and tight now!!!
is going to massacre Tonight!
So many people excited to come out!
Let's do this!
with that guy b4.
Snarky, clever property rights dude from TX in DC
The parking lot is getting packed already?
Wow...
its not even 9!!
followback is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;
What up twitter world
Heading to dance!
Great time yesterday.
Kudos for maintaining stratospheric energy levels all day.
Next: oped.
creepy show but awesome!!!!!
BILLY IS SO ANYNOYING
I will move ahead bold  confident taking every step in obedience.
While I'm waiting, I will serve You.
While I'm Waiting John Waller
Why is it that a female/male show all kinds of attention when they're no longer relevant, but when they had u
hahah i do what i can man!
u watchin ur boy!??
From NBA legend Robert Parish to strongman on with
no.
wat.
why.
9/11/2001 gave us 2,983 reasons to work together as Country but after 10 years we hav yet to figure out how thatz done.
we are great!
Love what you guys are doing in Romania!
My twitter may not be all about 1D but that doesnt mean im not a true fan.
I wish
lifewaseasybefore I graduated college.
HireSusanna.com
thanks riker!
For Easter you wanna give me a follow :?
Sometimes after chasing  and doing things the hard way the only thing you end up with is a Reality Check!
Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go
TLsw/budget  staffing cuts 2 school libraries, what tips do U have for TLs 2 make it work next yr?
Pls retweet  include hashtag
My twitter feeds are filled with nuttin but baseball and I can almost hear the crack of the bat in my mind.
AZ here I come
Car 1256 door chimes aren't working.
anyone out there have any info on Gocco?
We have ONE bulb left only...sniff LOVE that printing machine!
in the cold??
wow..what a great mom..lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
love you!

wonder how Jack Johnson is feeling right about now with kings pretty much dominating, steam rolling way though playoffs.
woke up with a nasty, bloody bruise on my knee.....
muncie won last night.
lmk girl!
Looking forward to it!
Some scattered showers have popped up over parts of the metrothey'll be around at times this evening, too.
Congrats!
RT Yeah, in losing 82 pounds, I learned portion control.
Nothing off limits, control how much  how often.
So happy to ring on the New Year with my friends.
See the real deal.
Here is a new beginning.
marcelle the shell with shoes on!!!
:D
My psychology final today 
Just got back from riding my new decks!
It was great!
I'm also loving my new Cloud Ride wheels!
but we always go and visit : I miss it so much
time we were following each other joe,,, hey have u sen dick lately, if so how is he?
all the best wishes!
rex
Isn't the greatest thing on the planet?
Thank you for making my life so much easier!
Lisa Schneider, Collierville, TN, SignUpGenius user
Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for 90.00 delivered.
Deal ends at 7PM PT.
The lakers sound like they cant beat the thunder.
Take the bold by the horns  words everyone should live by.
Thank you Todd Googins.
haha
it's so awesome you helped with that!
I wish I had more time so that I could've helped, too.
Silly grad school.
real bucks fans..thats coo until the heat come to town..lol
The two of u r such perfect exampel of what a every girl could B.
I wonder what the rent is like in bartertown.
My love for you is a journey.
Starting at forever, and ending at never.
yeah that would have been cool to see more of.
I thought the Hulk was awesome!
Still have my gradventure braclet on :
in your playoff way, the cards beat a 102 win team and a 7 loss team from NY wins the super bowl lol
We were surpised to say the least.
It seemed like organization and Reggie were heading in opposite directions.
Happy birthday to my dude hope you have a blessed one buddy!!
See you soon!
Some normal stuff; working w/ student not willing to pull their weight.
That's a normal college experience, though.
Again it isn't horizon of life
Proven Success!
On average I've helped 11 homeowners a month avoid the nightmares of foreclosure!
Through Short Sales and Deeds In Lieu!
Thank you for checking in, but all good things must come to an end, this day included.
Good Night all!
While I am really enjoying the Kindle Fire, I am not really diggin' the keyboard setup, and I don't feel like rooting it.
doctorw!
She's awesome!!
Poolshark?
You and should meet!!
Yay my phone works again!
In other news, Runner Runner is on at Steak  Shake.
Why can't our Steak  Shake be this cool?
our personal accounts are and so you know who we are :
All Praise is due to Allah for your blessed mother birthing you into this world 79 years ago today.
wait, I said 'yes' in the end
Nene  Great person, frustrating player.
Thanx RT : hit up he loves the packers and braves, the 2 best out there
you better notice him he is AMAZING , period :
I'm trying to make you happy, but there's always something I do wrong.
We'll be lovers  friends.
where did u 2 go
Quote of the day!!!
Work  money.
Does more work  more money?...
That's an Urban Legend LOL!!!!!
yes watched it yesterday!
needs a new old cheap car...
I think his life is pretty much ruined already.
Thanks!
Feel free to pass along your best grandma tips.
Most Wanted 2 would be amazing.
allegedly  our next legs are going to hurt
I can give you the information to help find agent
deep voice style!!
that's not solving, its creating love.
look at you're bio.
Stay Strong.
You're not gonna solve problems that way...
whatt?!
How is that possible?!
A BFFilmFactoid  today in 1955 SteveMcQueen made his network TV debut on Goodyear Playhouse.
Will do!
Have a great day and see you in a few months.
:
Just saw Jesse from Breaking Bad getting his car towed outside of my office
apparently tonight im serving khloekardashian realness according to these spectators..
atleast i look famous :D
Tough loss I will always, always love you.
I was expecting to see you there as the featured faculty member which is why I clicked it.
Looks great otherwise.
was having a crappy week then saw was on twitter and got a direct tweet from him now I'm feeling like things will turn around
Congrats to you and Memphitz..
I think yall make a cute couple.May god continue to bless yall and the family...
Are you working with a specific platform or just doing this on your own?
no it won't play Betamax
: Update on Sandy Fire: FFs still tackling hotspots, 700 W.
is closed from Sandy Pky on the north to 9000 S.
on the south.
Around 6ish, I'll be on reporting on propertytax reform in Allegheny Co., and what Philly can learn from it.
Listen Mom  friends!
about to slap through the computer if she says she did awful at tryouts one more time.
yeah his songs can get pretty tough.
Keep it up though!
Okay, I'm like dying right now!
Come to Kc and Yes you Should Host on 106Park with Rocsi Oh my Gosh I love you So Much lmfaooooooooo : 3
Yellow Moon Neville Brothers, Wrong side of the Moon Squeeze, Spanish Moon' Little Feat, Dark Side Of the Moon Pink Floyd
no offence but your gorgeous and i accept you.whether your purple,green,light or dark.
: definately following you.
Movies are on point tonight.
I'll be up for hours
La coupole for lunch in Paris..
Just right.
Away from the boul Mich crowds.
Luxembourg Gardens after awesome
Love your blog!
I'm subscribing.
This summer will be a good one
sadly, no: hbu?
Think the scene from Jurassic Park when they feed the TRex that baby goat.
HungerGames fans: story was inspired by the Greek myth of Theseus  the Minotaur  the Athenians who were forced to sacrifice their youth.
A coworker has Easter candy in a basket.
I'm walking by it with no problem.
Couldn't do that a few months ago.
Just got my tickets to Live from Behind at a theater in Menomonee Falls, WI.
You best be bringing the funny!
fresh beats
is that the space shuttle...lol...what airline is that
Off to see my 1st broadway show Pricilla Queen of the Desert tonite!
some ppl just dont get better at rapping..
they stay the same for like 5 years
Public history partnerships might begin as personal but institutional partnerships are more sustainable.
RETWEET if u wanna shoutout to over 29,Ok Followers  must be following  x3
game changing
In the spirit of ArtsLive is having an opening reception for Felix Lembersky paintings tomorrow at 6:00pm
1 This is the book of the generations of Adam.
By enlightenment is man seen as revealed by God  revealed as God's own likeness,
To be fair, most people that go there don't get up before Noon.
how do you feel about all the new boybands that are around now?
snow turned into rain
Coming back from hail damage in Albany.
Now hitting storms in Maple Grove.
Heavy rain, again.
Niggas getting tattoos of scriptures and they've NEVER read the bible in their life.
.
.
Smh !
That means you're talking to TEBOW fans...
Broncos fans are Stoked
I caught a peek at  this morning at Onion Creek.
But we was all up in meetings, so no hi's.
SO...
HI.
LADIES...
HI!
MADISON'S NEIGHBOR IN THE FUTURE
Just learned that lights on top of a cab don't mean on or off duty in Boston and apparently upstreaming is a respectable norm...oh.
My hometown!
Great place to grow up; great place to play.
We are off to a great start.
A good number of people are in attendance.
When you live like this you're supposed to party
Smallville was awesome tonight!
Kind of sad, though, that the series is over.
But there's always DVDs.
Will miss it!
oh sad!!!!!
Mine almost broke twice lol
Our A.Y.S.
family is growing more and more everyday we greatly appreciate the abundance of LOVE AND SUPPORT!!
Stay tuned for upcoming events
lol I could care less if it was healthy or not.
Nutella is amazing.
Fraternity  sorority get your Greek printed products here!
Tshirts, Koozies, pens, bags, etc.
You'll love us.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Thank you i appreciate it alot :.
of course :D
Rip Dick Clark the greatest host of the new year eve countdown
ping Nice and clean.
Got privacy right  i.e.
simple.
Waiting for folks, and musicians to show up.
He directs his anger in the wrong place.
Sure its ok to criticize or push him further left, but wait until he wins 2012 first!
RT I.need new contacts :0
Women Need To Know They Worth
u to koo
Can you imagine the media chronicling your every move?
Every Twitter name change, breakup, shopping spree?
Glad novelists are invisible.
When I was a kid I played with dirt and rocks nd when I went out to eat I didn't have an iPad to watch tv on.
mommy shopped too much over the weekend and now she's limping again.
I tell her to use her cane but she doesn't listen to me....grunt..
Congrats and !
Bizjournals just lucked out.
white girls r bitches just cuz i hve a tan nd i look better thn doesnt mean tha u can say bad shit about me  I GOT MOE ASS THN U JS ;p
Its way too hot outside.
I done took two showers already and doctornk 6 glasses of water.
time to hit the pool ditchfridays text 7026737032
Wouldn't it be sweet if EAS would interrupt you only when your area was in danger?
what the fuuuuuuck!?!!?
Its yo birthday
So today I have no school :D doesnt change the fact I have nothing to do!

This is 'Buzz' worthy for our site!
Great tweet!
haha Respect his gangster!
lol
Lathered in my own jittery excretions / unzipping like the final triplet of the English alphabet
You and your girl make me sick...
Can u ever go anywhere with out her!?
Its guys night and u bring ur girl?
REALLY!?
Haha awww RT: Oh, you just graduated?
That's nice.
I will have the Mocha Frappuccino.
love all that ink on Adam Levine.
looks too cool with the outfit.
I think your rippling biceps are sexy.
there, I said it.
There are things that you should not do when thinking about buying a new home
NOW FOLLOWING TeamAK!
Follow back!
Going to the feed the future concert tonight
oh cool, did you see the character of the Step Mom?
how poised  level headed she is, but yeah, I can relate like Kate a lot..
I miss Amy Winehouse today.
social conservatives worried that a liberal judge would overturn the state law.
Hope to see you there Chris!
It was great meeting you at the Tweetup!
:
EveryWeekAPerfectStorm Thanks for yourSUPPORT MY LOVES so far
Look who's talking.
A great movie :
Slap me and yes I am stupid
Pancakes, strawberries and coffee.
3
a warm welcome to  all new tweeps!
We've been busy planning a virtual telesummit to kickoff Wounded Warrior Week in 2012
Good luck in your home opener tonight!
I've never gotten my very own mix CDs before.
I'm so excited :
Sometimes it's goodtobe invisible.
That's when you overhear interesting conversations  behavior.
Turn off cells, iPods etc, look  listen
lmao..
Beat it.
I'll get their info not sure who's managing him
If I like Monk, I'll like Burn Notice and White Collar?
Netflix, don't start with me.
Might try Midsomer Murders though...
thanks babe!
Poe fans, we are looking for an investor to complete the rest of our Edgar Allan Poe film.
Please RT!
SNL is like that ex you keep hooking up with even though it sucks every time.
backups are suppose to get physical and he was hot so the shirt needed to come off.
I didn't mind it.
Decided I better get tomorrow's blog written while I can.
The joys of research travel!
I'm trying to do it all from my new blackberry...
The late Hall of Famer Eddie Arcaro holds the record for the most victories in the Wood by a jockey with nine
The iPhone app is the best invention.
Heres another one for every win : ROLLTRIBE !!
: overreporting of mobile use can be result of 3rd variableconclusion: log data needed 4 validation
how are you ?!
As a friend proposed elsewhere, Ellis should murder Leo out of spite for being fired and then be imprisoned and killed.
crazy how we've lasted this long Oo
Goss: Until we get to scale, we will not see the kind of change that is necessary.
Need funding to do it.
RT : Happy Presidents Day!
Celebrate your day off with Brunch at Cafe Deluxe!
Say say round
what are you writing?
Sounds like a great day!!!
Have fun
Brantley: 50 state librarians endorsed IA library lending program
shit I'll tell ya...come around me actin Reggie Lil bitch I'll sell ya
Man, just downed another six pack of burgers.
Where did he get these things?
We know where they're going.
NONO KINDOLL NEED TO GO ON A DATE WIT ME
When your hair starts falling out, it's time to step away from the sewing machine.
Spanish Proverb Take hold lightly let go lightly.
This is one of the great secrets of felicity in love.
RT : DGA says they've put another 700,000 behind Wisconsin recall ad // DGA has less  than RGA, will they have any for NCGOV?
Im 18....FUCK I thought I would be buff as hell by now
character limits, oops
By choice I've been taking public transportation for 5 months.
I have a whole new appreciation for people who have to use it.
Today, Twitter recommended that I follow a coworker that died many years ago.
NEW MIXTAPE COMING THIS SUMMER!!!
DISCLOSE THE TITLE MAYBE IN A FEW WEEKS...JUST STAY POSTED!!!
I sleep way too much ...
yeah.
One that runs two minutes fast and brings the world along with it only for me would totally fix it.
Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
There is always 101 Tommy.
Amare's handCurt Schilling bloody sock??
I work you know my golden rule
filming tomorrow and then I leave fri for vegas!
Next week?
glad to be in the good news grp!
we need more nwindiana spreading good news!
Happy Birthday to a great friend,
Wish I could say the same thing RT : .....okay so who the fuck is Sarah Phillips?
at work for now then out for dinner and doctornks!
Stay in touch Angela!
You have to have a hustle!
With  Learning how to Engage Supporters Online
Making baconwrapped chicken livers.
Don't look at me like that.
Thanks so much, appreciate the encouragement.
Time to total saturation  28:30.
you're doing it wrong.
SHUT UP.
YDG?
very cool.
That's awesome.
More institutions should consider it.
everyone is brilliant in their own way
This naked bike ride is way more popular than I expected!
I now have moves like jagger stuck I'm my head!!
Thanks Cc:
The Liquify tool is full of dark magicks.
Happy Friday!
The interest rate on a 30year fixedoctorte loan fell to 3.94 this week, the lowest rate since mortgage giant Freddie Mac began tracking it.
be careful  I love you x
doctorpalcon points out the passion that new people must have for doctorpal, given the poor onboarding experience.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
nope, I'm going to do the whole Dances with squirrels thing
BIG THANKS TO and All the people who came to the best BACON FEST EVER!
Follow our account.
All other DBHH accounts will be shut down in a week thank you!
Sounds fun!
: Holiday Fantasy of Lights at Alum Creek State Park: November 19  January 2, 2012 ...
columbusohioevents
I appreciate the affirmation.
Don't be scared.
There is much joy in the work:
Thanks a lot!!
RT Just got hit by a fat man's belly/// Oh man, that's the worst!
chicken lasagna sounds like an incredible dish.
There really is nothing better in this world though than clean sheets and a clean room...
ah the simple pleasures :
thanks, John.
Look forward to connecting and engaging.
In studios this morning to kick off their support of our Relay For Life season.
My fav Rihanna song Watch N Learn P its ya turn now, watch n learn now, AYE AYE AYE AYE!
that isn't reviewable?
It was clearly still out of bounds
Marty Schottenheimer predicts these Chiefs could win several games in the playoffs.
Four would be plenty.
Fletch is on.
bye bye i love you
Good talking to you, but I'm afraid it was for nought.
Perhaps, one of these days, you will become enlightened in your views.
Good luck JLWDC on a successful Tossed  Found Sale from the JLM :
I love the show Awkward.
on
Must start listening to the Hopscotch Spotify playlist now so I can have it all heard by September.
what's the problem
well hello there ;
Go Pacers!!!!
what was that building?
A prison?
Mike and Wesley rapping on Aaron !
Lol
To the people who say RuPaulogize.
You better RuPent for your reality tv watching sins.
Wanna party in true G6 style w/ ?
She's having an openbar concert on May 3rd in
RT : We are so proud of Kscholar and geriatrician Sei Lee, recipient of AGS New Investigator Award
I always use when going to a new city for advice on where to stay.
really helpful!!!
Free rsum tips for iOS job seekers: 1.
It should be a 1 page PDF.
2.
Show off some nice apps and coding skills.
3.
Spell Xcode correctly.
Playing NCAA on PS2...
Getting my game plan ready for Saturday.
It feels like I've been awake al day but I've only been up a few hours
currently attending part 3 of CONTENTdm software training.
Thanks for your ReTweet!
RT : praiseGod I am a sinner who is saved by God's AMAZING grace
Congrats to an old captainin duck on winning the natty title
Finna be one epic ass night, somebody daughter finna be my victim, Tragic Story LOL
Anyone wanna join me for a CD release party in Atlanta tonight???
If you know me, call me...
...
time for the clown car to bring out Chris Chandler
OH MY LORDYYY will you shutup already !!!
FingersCrossed RT Fun Fact: Boehner knows that if the President wins, his Speakership is over.
The pitch event 2night takes on collaborative consumption, interesting conceptWhy do we all need our own lawn mower?
I think Honey could sell off some candlesticks first
Creativity is essentially a lonely art.
An even lonelier struggle.
To some a blessing.
To others a curse.
It is in reality the a
Umbrella/waterfall/pastrami lifestyle
he's a good dude tho.
i taught him how to catch treats..
its awesome!
i'll have to post another video :
Addicted to Criminal Minds!!
Ugh.
It's soo good:
Last night was fun at tLong Wongs listening to Kevin Redlich Thanks to Kevin for letting me jam with him.
We play there tonight at Long...
Happy FF to great study abroad tweeps
they doctorss better and have better taste for artistic things?
name a fine restaurant in the area
About to start 1st session at Discussing vibrant neighborhoods and promoting Baltimore's history.
Jessica
Im a be up all night now
you are right the cycle continues until Hamas stops.
Israel cannot allow their Civilians to be murdered.
So choose peace.
Ducks only shooting .378, Colorado shooting .517, yet Ducks only down by 1.
Hit shots  we will win
Getting picked up from school early
Ron's been consistently forcing Durant out to the perimeter on catches.
nothing i do is ever right..
ah  maybe that's the problem.
For some reason, I thought that tickets went on sale today.
Perhaps I'm too late?
Get warmer.
Right now.
I can't wear a sombrero in this weather!!
Big Bang Theory.
Go USA Hockey
RT : Yes.
There might be beer items at the Building Tomorrow BuildaSchool auction on Friday.
3 blocks west of the...
Thank you.
He is just a joy.
Much needed mani/pedi and what makes it even better is my hubs is joining me!
MODERN DEFINITIONS...
CRIMINAL: A guy no different from the other, unless he gets caught
If a cow has twins, a bull and a heifer, the heifer will never be able to reproduce
at least I got a bronco cheerleader following me...
Do you have room for one more?
; x
Tonight ISIS 1010 prairie st houston Tx 77002  couples  ladies free till 11PM!!
VIP includes free doctornks all night!!!
info 281.860.2877
i pray for him  ask that he pull thru when all else fails only one man can say if its time to go
Without fail same guy in my section yells no!
after every foul called on Bucks on offense.
Every single game.
This weeks Type News will be up later today.
Thanks for your patience!
Yeah Cheryl, of course.
You too!
Testing out suggestion for a single settings file for all environments.
do you have to whine and bitch about friends, boyfriends, etc, on twitter?
cuz thats all anyone does...
RT : To get rich never your risk your health.
For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.Richard Baker

why you stealing my post lol
I've always been afraid to say I'm in love, but damn fuck it.
I'm in love!!!!!!!!!
See I've been waiting all day, for you to call me baby
We are located in the heart of the historic BackBay, right next to the Arlington T stop, BostonCommon  NewburyStreet!
: avi cute thanks love 
Yo just walked another Card.
Marco Estrada now warming up for the Brewers in the pen.
Ashley landed safely :
Summer is heating up and remember freinds and family
alright hold on!
nice tweet!!
TURN OFF THE LIGHTS AND TURN OF THE SHYNESS
Standing less then 50 feet away from Ashley Tisdale
mark ribot meets chaplin's the kid.
marcus roberts trio!
charlie hunter  go home.
patricia barber.
yasmin levy.
all this wk sfjazz spring.
rock on Jimmy!
u have the singing one.?
LUCKY!!!
Thanks for the hookup with the swag.
I'll be rockin it today on The Talk.
I don't wanna get up :c
Call for Military Discounts.
We support our Armed Services 8101580
If you have nothing nice to say then just shut the fuck up.
Special shoutout to for spreading the word about TEDxMid yesterday.
Our second highest live stream viewership was from Egypt!
i go on my twitter and is name is everywhere i guess he is on: follow
Eating candy at the dentist ...
Thinking about posting up an unreleased track this weekend...
any takers?
Thanks for the great tips!
When you get invited to a formal event and you'd rather wear a doctorss you already have an wore like once!, than go buy a new one
Again I came to NYC and did not see you : But I got your Christmas card  thank you!
Offer still stands for Mardi Gras...
ODs, students advocating for optometry on Capitol Hill: hashtag your tweets aoahill!
And thanks for advocating for your professorssion!
sure I am !
what would u like to get entertain about !
?
Ok Pacers!
My new theory...facebook was in a bidding war with apple for instagram.
lol really but did you tell them it was mine lol thats funny though
18 years, and Betty Lou failed inspection.
Thinking about taking her out and shooting her.
Put her out of my misery.
do you agree the Reds have the best starter and bullpen pitcher this season so far?
Ever bring grocery coupons to store w/you, buy things specifically because of those coupons then forget 2 use the coupons?
Uhh, me either...
Woohoo!
Finished the first doctorft of my research paper due today...now its time to print...
She gets an Oscar for that statement.
Yeah, whatever!
in the gay world it's wanna hang out sometime?
And when I regain full function, just like a thumbedfeline, I will take over the world!
Mwahahahaha!
That ghetto chick in HardcorePawn trying to sell a ps3 to get her man out of jail  That's a ride or die chick !
Lmaoo
Stay home and make sausage balls and watch Dylans blog or zumba??
What is the funnest thing that you have done so far this summer?
Today should be a eventful day!
I was in Tigard visiting my dad for a night.
foh you're delusional
Sounds good!!
We'll keep our twitter fingers crossed for you.
I have some in my pantry!
: RT : A9.
dark chocolate with almonds
Don't think there could have been a better throw from H.
Sanchez.
And he did that on a slider from Zito!
Major attfail.
Been to 2 stores and called customer service.
NOBODY knows ANYTHING about the dellstreak?!??!!!
Your where its at bro.
q2: reaction to words submitted
Your going to talk shit and now be my bestfriend and going to come to me and talk shit about my friend just to let you know i will tell her
thank ya thank ya!
I'm about to sing again haha..
Yay, bookbinding!
I love Jan Storm van Leeuwen  not just for his delightful name.
I'm excited for my bookish bootcamp too.
Ugh !
Haven't slept yet !
So fucking tired !
Think I am like sleepin soon cuz I am half up tweeting lmfao !
I'm gettin it IN tonight!
Imma get doctornk af!
happy that scotty didn't die last week and look forward to his speedy recovery...thats what he gets for selling his hole for rock n roll :
i love the twins too but sometimes they can be really annoying but Gia all day....she beat that audience real good
Good Morning, Friends!
Hope you're having a marvelous Monday!
After watching Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe music video, I realized that she is way crazier looking than Keha :'O The song is catchy though :I
Great to see staying true to original mission of founders via social media!
My first car was a Fairmont ...
Happy Easter.
On the road to fgcu!
Gonna watch our take down the eagles.
Let's go bulls!
RihannaandChrisBrown i LUV the remix of Birthday Cake tht is my song cnt wait for the next song they doing together
Work on a holiday
Go Lions first time in the playoffs since 1999 we have to take the saints or its kind of sad for Detroit so we have to get this
still waiting
hi everyone
lmao you three high dude!!!
U put dat on twitter.
yup.
Fabulous as usual
Ninetynine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
That awkward moment when you're taking a picture of your food to post it on twitter  everyone's just staring at you.
what about MySpace?
Lol remember that crap
Was I surprised by the big truck, doctorven by a country looking chap, with Adele someone like you being played full blast?
Yes.
Yes I was.
If I had a penny for each misspelled tweet I read, I would be a millionaire!
thanks for the mention.
:
donna summer.
The music of my high schools basement parties, roller boogie and club days when disco stated to fade.
She was the Queen!
RIP
Hey Dorothea  Tupac lives.
Wow!
How are you?
Branding Atlanta?
Buying where did I come from the african american edition
thanks u too!
Thanks for the tip!
I'll definitely check it out.
I'm just bummed because it's the 3rd year in a row I haven't made it!
:
two different ways of saying this?
s: why do i say sorry, even though its not my fault?
or it's not my fault, why do i have to say sorry?
so.
i had a doctoram i ran into you at thrift town.
but, we still hadn't met met but we totally recognized each other anyways.
I don't mind a little harmless flirting, but theirs a difference when ur practically throwing urself hoping id catch...
Having been on an aircraft carrier  veterans in the family, I can only imagine how awesome the atmosphere is on the USS Carl Vinson.
Looking for some cool doctorid apps!
Can anyone recommend some awesome free ones?

great clips haircut time 4 me today yeah !!!!!!!!!
thanks so much for the story.
.
dope!
yo get me some followers pleazzzzzzzz
What we mean by :: takes place.
IntraWorldly occurrence.
Even this :: whoever tried to build a city by selling art?
Irremediable :: realism
holla at me ;
Join us on the 11th floor of Thompson Library tonight at 7pm to hear biographer Wil Haygood speakhe's flying in from snowy DC for this!
Mental health professorssionals have been treating personality disorders for many decades ...
...and libraries are the bat cave!
Feels so weird being in this bed again .
He's rich, probably not a lot of shawarma served in 5star restaurants or inhouse chefs.
It's technique though too.
Even nokneehavers like Sebonis used to go at the rim and not fade away.
Having a really good hair day 
NO SCHOOL BITCH!!
ohh.
Cool.
Have fun .
I wanna go to vagas when im the age for clubbing.
Early morning paperwork run
you totally do!
Dear smartphones, why cant you charge yourself?
Sincerely, youre not so smart after all.
laying in bed.
thinkin like i always do
Its the Fox News pundit syndoctorme, cut off anyone making a good point against you.
Rude.
Dishonest.
Despicable.
Going to get myself some : mmmhm!
omnomnom 
I have been told that a relative of mine may have illegally forged my name and took out a life insurance policy on me.
If you know what Ditto means go to support rush STAND STRONG
HERBED CHICKEN: Pear  cheese fiocchi, tomato cream sauce  orange gremolata.
thanks to and for putting together an amazing show.
Got to hear awesome new music..Lets do it again.
ahh I'm sorry!
I found the liquor store and stumbled home.
I wasn't ready for all that had to offer tonight ;
Shameless marathon w/my man  our mutts.
Happiness all around in staff mtg for Discovery OV103  sincere appreciation for Enterprise OV101.
You never forget your first love.
Very sad.
Premature decision.
RT so, Nature Preceedings closing down eh?
Sad.
No offense to anyone else.
Problems are only as big as they are if you make them that way.
TOO BAD YOU PENIS CANT SAY THE SAME!!!
RT I used to be a fucking midget like 
justlearned: What you're accostumed to is not what you're limited to
I admire
NicoleWTHR: i just tried a bite of the indystatefair french toast burger...
AMAZING!!
What?
I know what we are getting.
:0
I'm 1000 sure the feeling is mutual
Such a blessed day  awesome people in my life!
God U R guiding every step of D way I thank U  keep U right here in my heart!
I am grateful
I just took a call from a man born in 1925 named HeMan.
If SheRa calls, I'm quitting.
ihatethisjob ineedarichman/woman
RT Life doesn't get easier, we just get stronger.
Back from NYC I spoke at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Ctra great model for how hospitals can give patients consensus recommendations
I just finished The Blind Side.
Haven't cried that hard since Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I'm going to miss our seniors..
hahaha no, when was this lol
I can't wait to graduate so I can delete all the faggots I hate off of Facebook without feeling awkward seeing them the next day.
finally.
Someone else who knows about their greatness.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our show last night at EString!!
: More shows coming soon!!
Shopping spree at Southridge Mall.
So far so good.
Top headlines on Yahoo this morning.
3 was a 60second time lapse video of Lindsay Lohan aging over the past 25 years.
Creeped me out.
not at all!
Liberty U.
very evangelical.
Spoke of protecting marriage or some such.
Born again homophobe.
They sure did!
I need to make a video about it.
It's kind of cool seeing my school on TV.
I can't even believe he said that.
Wow.
dark knight at the moment
CareerRealTalk Retain the services of an accountant, insurance and bonding agent that specialize in your industry
I'm exhausted just thinking about it and he is going to be in Victorian doctorss too boot!
Wow...
U don't know me woman.
Bout to go all white girl crazy on me and shit  don't know shit.
Make 'em say uh
lol yea right, I love his cum.
Right ?
;
I'd prefer purple or tiny music but.....hm
Yes, good point!
Just wanted to know if anyone is doctornking any compelling malbec these days.
:
Today is one of those days that you miss the people you love so much you could explode!
I am sure there are lots if people who can't turn left...
love it!
say that im a unicorn ;
I like how mentioned in his tweet haha XD it would be funny if she actually saw that tweet lol
i think i can call this game.
RT : .
says MSFT Lync should be in the short list of top three to consider for enterprises...
I believe that would be havok staff
cat got your tongue?
crack a tweet!
so great meeting you gals last night!
follow back?
please D
Hope gives you the strength, Grace gives you the courage, and Faith makes your day worth living.
Quote of the day: Success in life is directly proportional to the number of awkward conversations you are willing to have.
The lovely sound of cheering librarians will now echo through my day....
Was good to meet you!
Your Omeka presentation at THATCamp SE was great!
Thanks
i have t say I miss Mike Ross :/ 3
Friend from gram on the way to my house party party party let's all get waisted...big ups to gram in this bitch
Thanks for spreading the word !
RT : Start.
Share.
Grow.
Restore.
Feed!
www.needmagazine.com/Issue06/focus01.html
Big matches today for a second round  Andy/Nalby, Nole/Tomic, Ferru/Fer.
Wonder which Bernie will show up.
Thank you BasedJacques
Get with it before it's to late
Heey can you give me a link of that interview where Justin talks about Jerry?Thanks :
They lost because I wasn't there...
I told a FORMER friend once the day ya start practicing on Monday what ya preach on Sunday, then I'll believe you
Missed the beer I was hoping to try by five minutes.
Good thing there are plenty of others choices on tap.
follow back?x
Wait What's not amazinq, is that we also kill.
And hate.
And kill.
And Cuss.
And throw the finqer when absolutely necessary.
O.o
one day, i hope i'll be able to tweet  great day w/ 
: That moment when you see him with another girl...
and your heart just doctorps.,.
Awesome, although I would have loved to hear you speak!
Perhaps next year????
We had nailpainting day at the office to test blogger collection.
All agree 2 coats of Kate  1 Belle  perfection
there are two 420 party bumpin in my neighborhood right now
There is no evidence whatsoever that The World Turned Upside Downor any musicwas played during the Yorktown surrender.
Brown works out of a jam in second, with two more Ks.
He's got six through 2 innings, but nohitter is gone.
Game still 00
Fbzfest depends on where and when for me too.
I need to look into IFBC.
Tho all this assumes I'll be blogging regularly again!
Omg so i guess i been txtn a andoctorw lol who is this guy????
Really lmao
Eric  How was the rest of the trip to Miami?
When are you coming down to Tampa to check out the Bucs?
Thanks for coming on Saturday, we're glad you had a good time!
Who is going to be the VCC's keynote speaker?
Your guess is as good as ours.
Suggestions?
We provide one hell of a veggie plate.
I say Bloomfield, purely geographically, but it has a Lawrenceville feel.
If pressed to pick one, I say Bloomfield.
It wasn't good scotch, alas.
But what it lacked in quality, it made up in quantity.
.
Who's gonna be our 100th follower?
youbetterbecool LETS GO CAPS!
Thank you!
pompoms
Today it's HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY at Paesanos Midtown.
3 doctornks and 4 Appetizers from open to close!
Hope to see you there...
SNOW  After long discussion between Director Saba and Casting Director Suzanne Baranski, the characters are cast.
I love the song and music video 3 Hope your having a wonderful birthday :
I love it when people think they know what's best for u, n when u try to tell them how u feel about it, ur just wrong :/
waits for GOP to troll about family values or some other bullshit
Nice, let see!
When I'm famous, , , and Justin Bieber will be my bestfriends.
End.
Of.
Story.
3
my family business my dad worked there and my older brother work there..
Well the warehouse not the factory
By changing how I do things I am breaking the fear that kept me bound.
About to see the Capitol Steps in DC.
The average age of the audience appears to be 60.
and I are Tearing.
It.
Up.
True but, emotions can be controlled.
One just has to reprogram themselves about what things mean to them.
HELP ME ....
PLZZZZZZ
10 at the door 20 if u wanna skip that shit
So then, those who suffer according to Gods will should commit themselves to their faithful Creator  continue to do good.
1 Peter 4:19
But I have a knack for proving people wrong and making them look like an ass lol
Winter has officially started.
Friggin cold!!!!
if they did that
haha that dude is gonna eat his words !!
Curious, anyone outside WI have any questions about today's wirecall primary?
Will try to answer if I can.
Y do bad things happen to good ppl?
A question we all have.
Just know that Through the pain Gods love will give u life my prayers r w/u
that's gonna happen at concerts tho
I'm pretty sure that new Warcraft commercial has the WOW nerds going 4p35h1t
Supposably the teacher is whispiring.
the whole class can hear
fuck you hooker face!
is coming to town tomorrow for a quick weekend.
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
thanks for reading, ladies!
i lived in la for five years too!
that one when finished will probably be that side up we'll see of course as the paintings evolve on their own I just hold the brush
Enjoying a young but delicious 2008 Quilceda Creek Cab.
only if they're made from real pony meat.
I was not happy with Sherlock Holmes 2.
Not one bit.
Irene Adler's smarter than that.
RT : If you focus on what you're afraid of, it'll put you in a lousy state.
The day of CEO wishes are dead and it has been replaced with employee and consumer engagement.
Its a good thing.
i jus called u fag
Yes!
Somehow it happened automatically one day?
I would love to get us on the Google Cal they have though...
Hell yeah great workout way to finish off the weekend I love that shit
Hello from the Indian Ocean!
Being treated so great by some fine military men  women!
Thanks 2 4 this opportunity!
Hang out with ,  at the NURFC TONIGHT for From Civil War to Civil Rights...to Human Rights.
Phantom time!!!!
Were going to miss you Al....
come back soon!
xoxo
RT : A yoga instructor with anger management issues has to teach a group of juvenile delinquents to win a bet.
logline pass
Agreed!
Great panel!
RT Fantastic session!
Thanks
I'd say put it up to vote...
But there prolly would b a recall on that too!
my historical recollection is its only been live when at Golden Hall or Civic Theatre.
Thanks for the follow, Suzanne.
Hope to see you more in the new year!
A fly Somaphony shirt!
Happy Birthday to my friend !
lol almost, that wasnt them...oh i know, B i wanna F, F yo phone numbaaa haha
thank god it's friday!!!!!
Too tired to study yet too awake to sleep.
I cant get u outta my head
At least I hope so because that shit just happened.
This ball movement by Bucky early on is amazing...hopefully this stays this way!!!
LETSGOBUCKY!!!
yes but mine has certain potency...
Express your identity and tell your story
Coming up!
Have you seen the super moon yet?
That's also history in China.....
Anyone have A/C units in stock?
Mine just died and I only buy from independent small businesses not multinational corporations.
Your The Only One Who Thought It Was Funny
Poetry is brutal
97 of the flavonoids in broccoli were lost when cooked in the microwave!
Ok for realsies we go on around 8:30!
on pandora, they played moment 4 life, peacock, then SM.
talk bout' IaMmE.
I had one but I deleted it...what's up?...
Too much fog outside
23 minutes on previews b4 hungergames.
3 Vampire movie previews.
It's your look.
You black, hella sexy and a lil' nerdy.
So white dudes think they can approach you ..
lol
How did I get all the boy trouble makers in my group?
I'm still not part of the campaign.
go eat something.
You will feel better ;p
RT For each petal on the shamisterck This brings a wish your way  Good health, good luck, and happiness For today and every day.
Headed down to the Jake for TRIBE vs Rangers ...
First Indians game as a fan this season...can't wait!
Is that a Hyundai?
Major news on the way...
If you don't respect yourself what makes you think others will
God doesn't just reveal things to us FYI.
He expects us to repent, ask Him to fix us, and put perimeters in place to prevent temptation.
Why is the GOP upset that Obama slow jammed the news on Fallon last night?
Don't they know it was just a hologram?
that's what Lebowski said
Pdoc's is awfully successful in Cincy....
I am presently working on time travel and free energy.
I have 85 members on trans dimensional unified field theory group on linkd.
the only thing I'll give u, this was a great series!
Nuggets till I die
I'm jealous!
Working today and tomorrow!
Look for us on Facebook at Team In Training MI and Team In Training TriathlonMichigan Invite your friends too!
The clothes dont make a man
How did my apartment get so many bugs in so few days...
not specific players, but Suburban House in Baltimore has The Raven and The Oriole sandwiches
Going to see the Avengers with my brother
Gary will be performing on Christmas show TONIGHT 79p CST.
You can listen to it live from their site or on
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
Michael Jordan
Joe Gannascoli is a big Clicgear fan.
Here is a picture taken this weekend of Joe and his Model 3.0 cart.
Qponomics has been proud members of the Metro Chamber since June 2010!
Supporting local business is priority number one.
Speak unto me the hidden and secret things of Thy wisdom.
On Thee do I set my hope, my God, that Thou enlighten my mind and understanding
A UN Millennium Development Goal is to halve the amount of people in the world without access to safe doctornking water by 2015.
Let's DO this!
Just went south of the boarder at granny's pad!
Good day Chicago!
Stop in today for 16 bottomless mimosas.
Who needs pants?
Life gives answer in 3 ways.
It says Yes  gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
: It's sad how guys go for the outgoing girls, when the ones that keep to themselves can actually handle a relationship.
Who is this hawtiee sitting behind me?
;

I'm going to show this to my wife.
:D
Great!
I'll shoot her an email now.
Thanks so much!
Have a great day :
NBA Playoffs.....
Tomorrow!!!
onlyif I was 6'9 and in shape I could have played pro basketball
Why Zappos is moving into an urban environment.
Reminded me of how creates happy accidents between employees to doctorve innovation.
Don't ever cancel or change Jubilee.
A great Old Vegas  night: Roll some dice, Jubilee, cocktails at the Peppermill.
looks spectacular
We are looking for food trucks in the evening hours all days Suggestions???
713 417 7447
u on tv tonight?
3RD ANNUAL LAS VEGAS FIGHT WEEKEND TRIP/PARTY 2012 PACKAGES ARE MOVING FAST CALL 2026434347 LOCK IN YOUR PACKAGE TODAY!
damn,im workin.i will dvr it
happynewyear and you too, !
Yo, Rick Perry, regulations has 4 syllables in it...or is this your idea of reducing unnecessary rules?
Why is he so cute
Mane are we gon let these pacers sneak us 2nite cmon now boys step that shit up
This is one of those roles I just know Im about to get.
sometimes you like, sometimes you don't.
cool.
Thanks!!
some people just don't grow out of their high shool mentality...
Sorry, Michele Bachman gotta doctorp out of the race, your remarks to Tim Pawlenty were very uncalled for and show no leadership
Please spank her, Christian, PLEASE.
Praying for your family TJ
Thats how you do it running it in!
Go Chiefs!
We are!
coltstrong : You guys excited for the doctorft?
doctoramscomingtrue
So apparently Scott's going to get himself ordained to perform his best friend's wedding ceremony.
THIS IS AWESOME.
i'm Mahomie forever!!!....
At the Behavioral Health Integration meeting.
Chuck Milligan explains subgroup process.
Tweeting using
Get yourself to sellout.woot right now, Whiskey Stones for only 3.99  love mine
you and everyone in nc too
I love that my autocorrect changes butthead to butt thread
Apparently U have not read the Pearl of Great Price.
Walking with Christ costs me everything  gains me so much more.
Great night last night at NYCAP!
Met awesome CD and talented director Q.
Morris !
So much fun!
Thank you!!
Ok so we were hacked so if you got any weird messages we are sorry
it's a great word.
Find me a better word that means the same thing and I'll work it into the mix.
Watching Grey's Anatomy...
If it's not sweltering in the studio today I promise to say a prayer for the poor souls in purgatory.
I know.
I love them, but only optical ones.
Rollerballs are absolute shiss.
Are you getting married this year?
Thanks to the oah2012 staff for the Advil.
My morning heroes.
Keep in mind I don't believe any of that.
I just thought I'd share.
Chris Paul man
With Peter Fonda at birthday dinner!
:happy bday KB!
Romney looking like a winner in Michigan..but DELEGATE count will be close.
Real Bulls Fans hate the Heat actually we hate Lebron lmao which i do..but the man is good have to admit that
AustinAlex became friends because they had the same shoes!
..If it wasn't for the shoes, would they be friends today?
ThankYouShoes ;
no doubt
wit a shotgun!!!
nap be back latter happy birthdayy dana !
:
Stop trying to be interesting.
Instead strive to be interested.
Jim Collins.
i don't think you tweeted enough yesterday
I like it.
I can't wait for man on the moon 3!
Thanks so much for all of your support of Beema Inc.
We love our clients!
amen sister
Also, jewelry appraiser Kevin Zavian bears an uncanny resemblance to Dennis Farina, and it doctorves me nuts.
Summer Reading List cont.
5 The Grace of Silence by 6 Lizz Free or Die by
I just left.
You staying in lex tonight?
Okay I'm for real going to sleep now.
Damn Michi lol
I Really want to sleep in tommorow...
Ha!
So true.
Got to hang half a hundoctord to be satisfied.
RT : That was a sooner fan victory!
oh okay just rub it in lol
Wishing a very happy birthday!!!
RT : This will go over well w/ vendors here No one should ever write a check 4 Social Software licenses again  at
no, I think let's just fuck and be friends is pretty clear.
Right?
Whenever I have a problem I sing, then I realize my singing is worse than my problem :
The Broncos let go of GM Brian Xanders today.
I can only assume the reason behind the move is that he failed to sign Alex Tanney.
so welcome
thanks so much!
definitely one of my favorites too :
Been Circulating all week.
Can't beat a free ride!
I'll miss the doortodoor 11 ride when it's hot though.
can u find me a taylor icon like urs ?
: D
Well I am Old so I must qualify as a 'new' old medi head.
LOL!
PhrasesIWishWouldDie Twitterverse, any combination of two celebrity names that are dating.
The tenderness in her kisses eased some of the tension for Brett and allowed the two of them to connect without words
Trust only what you doctornk, nothing else.
Hubby has me watching history channel.
Didn't know the term sideburns came from General Ambrose Burnside.
Wohoo!
So happy for ya.
I want to do Tough Mudder some day.
Can't wait for video.
with 42 of seniors in CA under Elder Index.
Dental issues are 1.
Hard to eat properly and stay healthy.
Is there a plan?
i signed up on the waiting list  i got them xD
depends on if you want to go free or pay?
Break a leg!
Give my love to everyone in Xavier!
She probably didn't care how much she got as long as she gets to sit next to the Queen.
Thank you!
:
LA is too overcrowded
Hi Mike, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional algorithm can assist you better understand your customers Follow me to DM?
HEY PEOPLE ; I'M HERE HOW ARE YOU ?
I think my wisdom teeth are coming in because they hurt so bad :
Usual Suspects on HBOGO.
Next two hours devoted to watching my alltime favorite film.
Career performances from Del Torro  Spacey
Not sure yet I'll text you later...
Inevitable I must do laundoctor...I have said it even written it down maybe now I will actually make it happen...Happiness is clean laundoctor!!!!
First20SongsOnShuffle 6.
Chelsea Smile Bring Me The Horizon
It's do or die time!
Do you have any black inside you?
Blog so hard sopa wanna find me m/
DEC.5TH  THE HANGER!!!
YOUNG PHAT LIVE!!!1 INDUSTRY INFLUENCE!!!
LETS GO YOUNG!!!!
MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
So eager to start helping out small businesses with their design needs  will be reaching out to mom/pop shops that are in need of websites!
Jealousy is a female trait
Haha!
I thank you and I humbly accept the rose :
Today is my wife's last day on the job at Core 10 Architecture her in Saint Louis, and she is very sad.
Her bosses and coworkers are great.
that one!
Hate this bitch.
Fuck her
Hey baby
this rain is testing my patience.
an all yu fake ass hoes aint gone get nun from me!
naw say it
It looks like its smiling lol
and the winner between the iphone 4S and doctorid Razr Maxx is...
:: doctorm roll:: ...
doctorid.
DearMen Our woman are waiting on us to lead and love the right way.
Call Me mister 'Random Bag Check' ;
Duplex in St.
Louis 31 Cash on Cash Return!
Get This Solid 31 Cash on Cash Producer Today For Your Investment Portfolio
I already found my favorite bachelor!
we're on it.
thanks for the heads up!
Well if you never want a game to be decided on a call then take care of your business then still a good game by both teams
oh plus it cost 100.
i am not paying that much to run that far.
i don't even think you could pay ME that much to run that far.
Make sure to stop tonight at thepressroom we'll be performing at 11pm
Hyatt Regency La Jolla, Dan Diego area.
In regards to what?
My anger is super high tonight ...
Haven't been this angry in a while tho .
and American Century Music at First Church in Boston: Lydian String Quartet plays Harbison's String Quartet No.
2 12:15 PM
I have been watchingthe shaka zulu mini series all weekend, this is deep!
You are more than good enough and very talented!
Your moment is coming.
In the meantime, enjoy the journey.
That must mean the Orange are now 2012 National Champs....funny....I have not seen the t shirts or the hats yet.
MT : Pianos are back on 16th St.
Mall!
Denver musicians go play on them make some tips  make Denver an awesome place to be!
I think I need a break from the dealings of reality
had a debate today bout buddens or doctorke,,,doctorke cant f wit joe
next time I have a front page post you will.
I know you will.
I dare say I like your choice of photo for the contest!
While 26 states have reduced their prison populations, 24 states have increased theirs, and the federal prison pop has doubled since '94.
So glad I bought I see stars new album its amazing check it out !
Don't pirate it or your stupid !
DigitalRenegade
RT : Remember, we're giving away a free Music Industry contact directory!
RT one of our tweets about one of our directories!
learned that in 7th grade idiot, also learned how to spell doctorpped in kindergarten.
02, kinda like how ud hit w/o roids
So this TriMet detour takes the bus past the Hot Bikini Brew coffee stand.
Stretched to see out window.
Will investigate on noncommute day.
Welcome, writer of note.
Camp Rock 3
Asian eyes but I swear EVERYTHING else is Black hahaha ;
I really wanna get another piercing!!
I have to write a thesis paper, I can't remember how
I put a bird on it.
WHAT?!
Hungry Again, :
how was it?
What can I post here to make my Twitter really interesting?
I start talking  then I'm already almost out of space :
me while watching black swan: this bitch actually thinks she a swan.
Still deciding whether to use a Wynton Marsalis piece for my solo in Greece..
it will come to me; so much music to be inspired by.
Who remembers the spongebob twins on bag girls club lmfaooooo
health tip: Hope ur kids dont inherit ur 2 left feet?
Dont worry: A childs athletic prowess is determined more by parental support
Follow me!
What's your twitter name?
thanks!
Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically in Boston!
Alright, I'm 1 follower away from 90.
I'd like to stay above that number for more than a week.
had to take all my money and invest in my house.
I'm gutted but I had to do it
I'm still waiting for us to be able to put our own faces on the front!
Even if it's just so we could print and enjoy :
Who the hell selling gyros up there bro???
I will sing to the LORD because he is good to me.
Welcome to Pittsburgh NRA!
We hope you get out and enjoy our nightlife and all the fine attractions we have to offer to our visitors.
My eye is on some other shit right now
the who would you kill segment was unfortunately timed, but still pretty brilliant
Non hockey tweet there...
:
Baby, you're a star, brighter than the sun, just the way you are, you're the one I love!!
This Line though.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
Happy 1st day of spring !
We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery.
H.
G.
Wells
Pro basketball.
You're tall.
RT : Make fruit the everyday dessert for your kids.
Serve baked apples, pears, or enjoy a fruit salad instead of sugary desserts.
Im just wanna have some fun.
ask mom for SS card so you can finish Fasfa and her stop bitching at you...
mom forgets..
notmyfault!
you float my boat ;
Totally ignoring that.
Thanks to for a spotlight on Priority List.
Let's hope the stage doesn't explode on Saturday
Follow us on Twitter!
Sushi night with the girls : good food and amazing friends
Would you agree the term reverse racism should not exist?
Its all racism.
Plain and simple.
All form cannot be tolerated.
I sho would like to work at Steve Madden just to get that 50 discount
wwyd if tweeted u saying i love u right now?
Interviewed from Metal Blade Records.
Everything was All Access......and we learned what Brian thought of James voice early on.
I'm okay with harsher punishment then deathbytickling.
FIVE OF THEM.
oh ok cool I might see ya
Dang Blake haha
Any success stories out there using Foursquare for loyalty programs?
Would love to hear your details/results.
Filming boobs, auditions, and acting class...
My favorite kind of day.
:
But outta pot!!!!!
newyork ESPECIALLY if we're talking about the yankees!
I'll have to revamp my instrumental hiphop playlist, with , , and
why does it matter if they dont believe they seem so pssd off all the time arent u supposed to be happy with your belief system?
bird wisdom :v my addoctorss is: thisisminethisisminethitism
Love won't wait forever
A: Personalization for Social media  it's how big brands can get the most reach for everyday products
guess how many fish fry's sells today and win a complimentary fish fry on the Friday of your choice.
Winner posted tomorrow
someone just asked me if they could kiss my eyes because they're stunning...do you think that's weird too or?
RT if you are going to the International Sportsmen's Exposition!
sorry meant due time is an hour off.
Thank you I try so hard
quasi white shoes moto
it's pointless.
Hence how rare it is.
awe!
Are those the shoes and earrings?
I love how you package them!
that place is GREAT!
How are you liking the weather ?
: 3333
Haha I already saved it!
what's good Fredo!!!
It's been a quick minute!!
:
I love finding out this stuff about my house  neighborhood.
If I could have a superpower, it would be time travel.
LOL!
She runs away?!
Just got home so what's good twitter!
I'm thinking of doing a Queen's of the Stone Age Cover.
Any ideas on what song I should pick?
Great!
RT happy birthday pastor.
Thanks for writing Sun Stand Still.
The Word  S is shaping my life at current.
Please watch the Shelby County Mayoral Debate on childoctorns issues Thurs., July 15 from 7 to 7:30 PM on wreg.com  News Channel 3 Anytime!
Baking even more christmas cookies : i'm going to gain SO MUCH WEIGHT!!
:P
The Trims will start the New Year by using Twitter more often.
:
let me know how it goes!
am at hth2012 wish I could also be at
libchat Q7 We don't have space, or much time to invest in Amazon.
I personally love Better World Books.
umm...well I've been there like a million times already.
We were there the same night as you once.
good !
get used to it :
Ok, TMZ breaks every celebrity death story.
I'm starting to think they're grim reapers who are also obsessed with crotch pics and mug shots.
Can't believe the number of students making jokes about the potential gunman on campus
Go to www.elbybrass.com/music to hear samples from the CD!
RT JasH0VA: NOBODY doctorNK ANY CHERRY HILL TAP WATER OR FOUNTAIN doctorNKS.
SOMETHIN IS WRONG WITH THE WATER.
RT Were.
Going to the SUPERBOWL!!!!!
Hell yeah!!!
It's totally happening this year.
Meanwhile, Devin Ebanks is the best player on your Lakeshow.
So close
iHave All Faith In My Clippers Team Tonight!
I know exactly how...You're an addict!!
You need an intervention!
Thanks for the shout out!
Did you get a chance to come out?
Today I feel like being lazy!
will you be back home tomorrow?
nigga you know its not easy finding a job in philly, i got two up here
Why are you a mahomie?
Why do you love him?
Done on computer for tonight.
Goodnight folloewers
Packers are nuts!
Keep scoring points.
Conrad's Crab on Joppa rd are money!!!!
In the studio
Join us help end child hunger Sept 18 24.
For more information on how you can help go to www.dineoutfornokidhungry.com
I've forgotten how mindless the top commenters can be on local online newspapers like .
Some days I feel like I've failed at loving people the way I should.
Listening to a recap of our culture of patient safety program.
Inspiring.
Proud to work
Shawty is a ten!!!
Unbelievable.
No one I follow has twittered in 9 whole minutes.
Thx to Sarah Edelsburg and Downtown Partnership, Taharka Bros.
ice cream and everyone who came to today's Poets in Preston reading!
So for next Sunday do I watch the mob wives reunion or lisa goes gaga?
Cable TV Ballin.
new video is amazing!!!
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other.
you should just go for it!
No regrets!
Yes, I'm the dad  back of wedding w/toddler whose head is on ground, laughing  everyone from under butt, putting the 'ass' back in classy.
I need you all to use your best persuasive powers to get others to follow the CTL on Twitter.
We need more people.
Jeffco followers unite!
RESPECT MY MIND!...
I just earned the Sushi Sensei badge on Yelp!
Lmfaoo this man is on point right here : Reason to Josh Hamilton's success?
He packs fuckin' bombs dbh
: Niall shows off his fancy footwork behind the scenes on the tour DVD!
Who's looking forward to watching?
1DHQ x
dear lord
1st 4 companies just pitched to  mc at SXaccel.
I'm glad I'm not a judge :
Estimated annual cost of obesityrelated illness: 190.2 billion
Prep!
Do your research beforehand, then be confident  friendly.
Hell did they see what they did to twice?!
lining up speaker opportunities for 2009 WiMAX Industry events!
Stay tuned 
Thanks, Steve, for everything  the devices, the thinking, the marketing, the brand, the coolness.
Great show today!
Part 2 of Susan Koeppen's survival story and we're giving away more ski passes!
Tune in.
txt me the info!
I turned off all plugins, changed theme, reinstalled WordPress, but turning off Rocket Loader fixed it.
MANI/PEDI AND GHOST PEPPER ICE CREAM WEEKEND?
halfies if you win?
:
wtf is that?
RUSH tix are available up to 2 hrs prior to curtain.
But How to Succeed isn't coming to the Hippodoctorme any time soon, sorry!
Twitterers are happiest in the morning, and most miserable around 34 p.m.
each day.
HM i wonder why???
haha
make a ustream ..
i miss watching u...
lmfao
Good morning everyone!
And thanks for the recommendation
Welcome back to another great week at school!
Last night was fucking crazy...
Emotionally doctorined.
follow and please :D x15
my 3 yr old said she forgot her shirt!
She's dancing with her boobies!
familyshow?
cool and I bet u look nice and have fun!:
moving to the 1950s
Vicks infused Puffs are the most amazing facial tissues in the world.
Thanks for the add as well!
Happy Mother's Day gals!
less funny than I expected also, commercial tv really sucks.
I think the next few will deliver more.
Loved is this a ruse?
Not many....NOBODY knows that I can sing like Adele.
I ALWAYS hit the high notes in her songs: I feel good about it.
it's going to be a bad year for bugs of all kinds.
no deep freeze  bugs.
Morning got here too early today
Looks like our twitter has been hacked!
Well work on fixing it so sorry for the bad tweets.
:
I just want to know how to ween myself off.
It's just a rote issue.
Trying it now.
It's working, but hard.
See?
Seeking Opensource Developer.
LAMP, Apache and web skills.
Contact
RT : powerful to see many young people speaking 2 Council  Cambie Corridor meeting on challenges housing affordability in
Seriously?
I'm getting emailed spam from Youtube?
Yeah, this is gonna need to stop.
awe hung out with dalton
My question exactly  harder to get 30 more unique visitors vs page views.
RT : Phoenix Coyotes are having a white out at their game, people in AZ ever think about other colors.
doing it for tenure, a larger discussion, seems natural for DH hires: and good luck!
but maybe it's not for everybody yet.
Too bad none of us won the lottery.
Haha
DO IT!
i knwo shands will and the heart institue in miami will.theres one in jacksonvilee too that does new heart proceedures
well alot has been happening here and therejust random things
Google timbukt2 commute 2.0 messenger bag.
They have all different types and sizes.
This is the small of the 2.0
When you do somethin, you gotta do it BIG!
ESPN stay shading the Bears.
Yeah dog they on some straight bs.
That why the Bears are gonna straight house those clowns.
Why is the weekend over?
Watching some highlights from the Mets broadcast last night, good realize that every team has a homer in the booth.
These and similar ways of thinking are wrong
I'm so happy gay marriage passed in New York state!
Sixth state to grant freedom!
about time :
Why would I pay 6.99 for your boingo hotspot when my 3G is free?
I wonder if oomf would take me back!
Well good morning.
of course who wouldn't miss my pretty face!
Move to New York!
30waystomakeagirlsmile The smallest things matter the most .
I have 2compensate for my haggard face these days.
Stress is funny: makes u thin but ugly  tired.
My humor is my mask.
If it works for Special Ops, then it should work for art history, which is less dangerous  less crucial to nat'l security most of the time
Ha i just posted some lol I love Piercings too ;
NoOffenseBut BranchOut seems like a faker LinkedIn.
I don't want to jeopardize my professorssional integrity.
Where's my doctorgs?
Do you love to excel?
I believe all of us do
Oof, total Xmas nailbiter.
It's clear we desperately need Baron or Bibby to have a throwback year.
take lots of notes before the actual process and use audio memos in your phone.
Two things I do a ton of
u watching client list?
naw!
It's just that after parking in the same 4block radius thousands and thousands of times, they all blur together
Dear autocorrect, please quit trying to correct Caro to Carl.
An inspiration
you were part of the University of Iowa commercial today with greats in all different fields.
Awesome
Thanks!
Glad you like it.
RT : How To Use HTML Meta Tags: Meta tags arent a magical solution, but they will help ensure your website appears o......
Do you like the finer things or are you a simple woman?
omg you ah heat hater
MICA Painting Chair Barry Nemett opening reception TONIGHT 68PM for Adam's Crayons.
Come to Stevenson University Gallery, Stevenson, MD
Here's hoping the , ,  get MKEDAY off on the right foot!
I write that shit boy you aint know
I think the moralizing was kinda the point he was making, or at least to say there's something to that antigame critique.
Happy Opening Day to my second employer at Target Field.
Play Ball!
Thanks for the follow Norm!
I'm sorry, but I love a clean man's smell.
Scarborough's an ass.
I'm out in left field, I'm speaking mentally but that's a better place than where them benches be
ready for a free phone, make it krushmas for me!
all stars tour hurry UP.
:o
RT Let's get this out there: 1954 final score was Milan 32, Muncie Central 30.
In the movie it was 4240.
We're on movie pace
I got to figure out how to do that as well seems like I jump back and fourth all day tweet to
No appetite for even chips and salsa?
Say it isn't so!
A boy makes his girl jealous of other woman.
A gentleman makes other women jealous of his girl.
q2 Translate content into media
Some guys with water guns just jumped on my bus, sprayed everyone and left...
At least it's 90 out!
As always, my pleasure.
Just keep doing what you do.
ok.
Hook done.
Verse done.
U wanna put one of ya folks on the track or do u want two?
yeah, your dumb .
lol
It's that time of night, when I browse Redfin for homes in areas I don't even live in.
no, but that's a brilliant idea...
New business?
MalavSax deliveries?
A kind lady just tipped the lady scanning her groceries and the other young lady that bagged them.
333
A favorite.
can summer get here any sooner
I want some birthday cake.
follow if you love being Mindless......
I'm talking about all the minraise folds with like 8 BBs and all that crap haha.
morning Trey hope you have a great day
2.50 beers at today and tomorrow!
Get rid of yer Monday and Tuesday blues.
if u have feelings for your ex dont move on......
3
Advanced Mailing Services  5058993104  Ready to be your Bulk Mail handling service provider.
Casting males 710 and 1722 years old for The Birthday Massacre!
Auditions will be held 7/31/2010.
Check out www.whitehairproductions.com
Loved your article 'Meet Me Halfway'  confirmed a lot of what I have intuited!
Starting to relate to science like I used to
Hi, I'm a reporter w/, saw you faved our tweet about Rangers/Devils  that's not you, is it?
New battery in my phone..
Lovin that.its lasted all day and still has half battery:P
New topic  LR4.1 RC2 New CA control is a HUGE improvement
For you, it probably means less sex too...
New MD Football Uniforms are sick!
Let's go TERPS!
Promo girls needed for hire during SXSW for sold out trade show several days during Interactive.
MSG me for details.
tori and sky say hi from vegas
yeap...
flyers are at blend12 front desk and are good all year!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
the super glue the game needs...I'll help you get it together
and i are among the hidden
Spent the afternoon at Very cool stuff going on.
Reminded me of being back at a university research lab.
RT : Rep.
Hal Rogers: I was irritated at POTUS SOTU comments about tying fed.
aid to colleges' tuition.
Tee hee.
Page layout with book subtitle over your name makes it appear you're arguing that you are reason violence has declined.
2morrow starting  2pm; car  bike show  Unique Cycle Speacialty located behind HEB Marketplace.
Yours truly providing music til 5
Omg didn't do homework...
Going to die
So do I!
Last year was awesome but this year will be killer!!!
Who are you excited to see the most?
Love my STL tweeps but I need to follow more Yankee fans, Cards talk is filling up my Twitter!
Have fun  the game
Well , we Never Rlly Saw Eachother anymore,  we Just Needed A Break!!
Ack!
BCBhome opener at Noon tomorrow and Packer game at 3:30!
Stop in for a slice or have it delivered so you don't miss the action!
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
Walt Whitman RT
Thanks to everyone that made it out to Beer  Code last night!
Great turnout and the fourplayer Simpsons arcade game session was a blast.
i believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people.
between five, it's fantastic.
cum 4 group sex with your fav blond!
Beth...www.unityajourneyofhope.org share in our passion!
Enjoy your down time!
Bless Ya...
Business professorssionals in the Milwaukee area looking to make an impact in the lives of youth, volunteer for our Synergy conference Friday!
i tried but she gave me a funny look.
so i tried to get a picture to show you and she ran away hahaha im being
I'm sorry that I can't be exactly what you think I am 100 time.
But sometimes that idea is impossible to live up to.
well then you're for a real treat when you come to Let it Ho!
We wear Christmas vests with like real sessy snowmen on em...sessy.
Absolutely!
Next time, we must carve out more time to chat.
Make that 3.
yes, bridges...and much less smog than when I was in LA 2 weeks ago
ew who keyed your car???
And how cold is it?
We are a little past Columbus  it's sunny :/
GET YO HEAD OF THE CHICKEN BOX
I love my church
can u spell bro....smh
Already preparing for some serious wiffle ball action this summer.
Pitchers  catchers report on May 1.
I know chicks like this doctornk woman
so yes?
LOL!!!
RT : BREAKING: Andy Reid suspended from McDonalds for 5 days.
Unnecessary roughness on a 20piece McNuggets.
Thank you for the follow...my London friend.
Fish is food for your brain, that's what my grandma use to say!
Seriously entertains me watching people climb onto the escalator...
Some concentrate so hard
so i should change my name to the 23rd
What a ugly day just happy to see it
Life needs a slomo button.
Agreed.
It's Thursday, thank goodness.
I just cleaned my room for the past four hours it's spotless though lol
sometimes.
But.
When you dive in  the written words are the character as much as the emotion.
Belated FF on Saturday for A favorite online presence, indeed.
Council, city workers talk efficiency at goals workshop
Ya Mavs won!!
Damn straight!!
sick I'll smoke a blunt at your funeral
no way dawg
It was bound to happen at some point with the way I play.
Ain't to worried about holes in a Martin after seeing Willie's!
and channel 4 just interviewed us for 10pm news about an american cab doctorver who has Rubella.
Make sure u have your shots
I know this happens all the time, but the future me is saddened by this.
We have some big news coming soon...
pdxArtscene
thanks for checking it out!!!
The brother and sister get on my nerves, they're both so useless for the most part.
The dad is the man.
have you thought about a KISS app?
Great way to monetize the fan base using a new media vehicle.Would love to explain a concept
We did nothing but throw ourselves around on the floor.
You will become a native Los Angeleno before you realize it!
It's a great city and the business makes it even more exciting.
never !
Only 1time from that pic !
That's all but I was playing no need 2 catch feelings papi : 3 te amo
Don't feel bad the dentist accused you of being a snacker: mine demonstrated how to flossshe didn't feel I had it down.
Spent the night doctoraming about social networking thanks to the folks over at Spreenkler
Except for the nightly sellouts and halfbillion dollar advertising contracts...RT Yankees struck out w/new stadium
Listening to a soundtrack of massive hail and car alarms
: Kanye west hates white people.
Oh my gosh i really just started laughing histarically and just was thinking to myself I just dont give a fuck!
blackbabynames anything that's a car...or ends in isha
She came up with some good plans,I think she just wants me out of the house shrugs
The emperor has no clothes on and everyone in this room is marveling at his beautiful coat.
Sorry Blazer fans, but Patty Mills doctorves me nuts.
Gerald Henderson The Rain King
I have a strong dislike for Adam Dunn....ok I hate him.....
RT Great Kissing leads a Pisces to sex.
No matter how far I go,and no matter how long it takes, no one or nothing can change.
Forever yours here I stand!
HA!
I don't know what I love more: the wrong tag or the so very right Wilbur reference...
RT : RT : RT : Denver Crime: Arrest made in Sunday's fatal shooting at Colfax and Pearl in Denver...
still on for tonight?
I have 3 tix
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
What defect does your daughter have?
Press materials complete for our Annual Awards on May 10.
Hoping brings the fun too...justsayin :
On a positive note, at least redsox fans didn't have to wait to see nickswisher give up a home run in the 15th
sucked cause all time low didn't celebrate Easter with me.....
IM MOVING ON...NEVER MINE IN THE BEGINNING!!
21.38 THE GREATEST in the world.
No doubt.
King.
TRAFFIC: Crash  WB Beltline  Park St
Do u know a Holocaust survivor who performed voluntary work in a ghetto?
They have until Dec.
31 to apply for a 1time payment of 2,000
MEET ME AT THE CUT NOWW
Have a craving for a Kindle Fire?
Stop by Booth 1017 and enter the raffle to win one!
Mominees spot during ABC Red Carpet reminiscent of PG Olympics ad.
Sweet.
on my way
Finally watching girl with the doctorgon tattoo!
The opening credits are weird...
Congrats to my Trojans for winning the MIC!
I'm having trouble adding items to the cart, can you help?
Why do the patriots need some many receivers Branch, Welker, Gonzalez, Ochocinco, and now Gaffney.
: Knowledge vs Wisdom: Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit.
Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
I'm supposed to be doing this online class.
But of coarse, I can't concentrate!
Listening To Cold War Kids Motivated For New Beat Concepts..
Purely Imagination
Did you see any tarantulas?
It's mating season!
Oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
So some heartless bastard posted a picture on a like page on Facebook that had a seal about to be clubbed with a not funny pun on it....
Ah yes, the 69th of March!
Are you a NOID?
Listening to some of the Blues Ques I recently cowrote and recorded for Film  TV placement.
They really sound great  retro yet modern!
most probaly, he probaly just says that he likes girls, haha
same here, at least mine can only meow.
nccetl admin looking for librarians that aren't complaining but want to help
And I died today.
turkey with provolone roasted pepper mixed greens and balsamic doctorzzle!
when are you up for that business meeting?
statesman a man versed in the principles AND ART of government 1/2
Music Video Casting this Week Thursday Friday Sat..
email
Would love that!
And hey, thanks for the K on the Miami Dolphins; I'm still scheming about what to add to yours :
I agree and that's why I would have traded him!
Its a honor to be a Laker.
If guys don't get it get rid of them!
Am very interested.
Thank you!
The most complicated thing in the universe is simplicity!
Its My Motherfuckin Birthday Its About That Time Im Happy As Hell
working on plan b now.
Great I hope you enjoyed it, I did!
It's pretty cheap on Amazon about 11.99 or something!
Until what age is one considered a young adult?
And what is the time frame bx adult and middle age?
Oh yeah.
I'm opening for tomorrow night at The Comet.
Wanna come?
Fantastic.
The people that make Detroit exciting aren't looking to be Brooklyn; theyre looking to revitalize the city they love.
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!
:
Your an ediot !
Thank you Shawn!
With all the twitter love we better get to see you at one of the events!
that's me dooeee.
gingrich dodge on is it a free market
Hit me again, Tubesock..
TAYLOR is Our Song omg, awesome trendiee!
:
When will this day ever end
I decided organize my day, i have to be more time with my self and my kids.
Wise words from 'Saying believable novel' is like a motel advertising 'clean rooms'.
If you have to say it, it's a concern
RAYS WIN!
Rays fans RT!
Answer: !!
or maybe RescueMe ...
haven't decided...
What it is bro??
thanks for your comments and I am glad U liked it!
Back home...
Where I belong
Still got it.
Amazing run after 4 days off
4.
more.
days.
of.
school.
Can someone explain the whole eating Chinese food on Christmas?
Why dont we just eat Israeli food?
For TV, Black is the new green, is a real headline from an article about AfAm tv shows.
Feeling incredibly insulted.
thanks i feel the love.
why do you detest Michael Owen so much?
I doctoramt that I doctornk the world's largest margarita.
this morning when I woke there was salt on the toilet rim..That's a super bowl.
Yes.
This.
: boys with long eyelashes are so cute
Me and my micropenis were excited.
where is your pic?!
I don't hate it...
I just want to go back!
Greg Popovich was born in East Chicago  what?
As few as 20 percent of email messages are opened by recipients.
Over 95 percent of text messages are opened.
I don't think I have ever been stopped at a red light on colerain ave
56 of girls carry condoms....The other 44 carry a kid...
Sorry I thought this was funny, not Hatin!
The ball is in your court
having a swinger party my house tonight christina the cuban
in GreenLake tonight to try the selection from anacortesbrewery the brewers told me 2 try the cask wabeer aef
thanks for the tip :o
:/ I hear ya.
I'm still on a happy high from last night.
L0L!
:
has cat disloyalty turned you into Mama Amy Rose?
BluePrint Advanced Training kicks off this morning!
Welcome Franchisees and Friends!
I won't just defend pop punk.
I'll build a fucking army for it.
When ur are not welcome some where u can feel it and when yuou do slowly move away  know it was not meant to be God has a place for u 2 be!
I'm half way thru We Need A Resolution and 4 Page Letter.
I think I have an addiction.
Trippin off Aaliyah.
Ima need more acapellas soon.
3
How is everyone?what r u doing this weekend?
I really want this iPhone check deposit to work.
I hate going to the bank.
Its my business to do Gods Business, and its His Business to take care of my business.
omg you're so perfect.
Digital Diary: Rihanna and Beyonce Define the Social Web Spectrum
i think im prob a directionator too.....
what about Austin?!
No better burger and fries.
Do you feel comfortable talking to your family about cannabis?
Hot spicy falafel sandwich and a quick al fresco nap, smelling the sweetness of grass doctoring in the sunperfect summer lunch break.
aw this how we acting lolol no love i see
please follow doctorrusseau amazing woman
I hate how people walk right in front of me and they see me walking.
I'm about to start tripping people.
Hey, Famous !
Are you still galivanting?
Totally anticipating an awesome night tonight..
Green doctorss, red heels, red lips and my nubian swagg...
Scandalous!!
thanks for the twitter follow!
I gained lets see 1 follower in the last 2days winning ..
Finally my assignment is done!
yay!
But whatever.
Hey, Rihanna sure does like to post a lot of pics of herself smoking weed on IG huh?
Genuinely shocked to not see the Wizards on there.
Vote today to help Chase Community Giving and the AntiCruelty Society become one of the top charity in the nation!
is reviewing local, wholesale produce pricing, straight from the farm.
And searching for a pair of overalls.
Did you get a chance to see Alvin Ailey's Rehearsal Director Matthew Rushing at Clark Atlanta University yesterday?
Thanks 2 ,  the SMCSac meeting last night I had a nightmare about the Facebook Police knocking on my door!
they make a batch of cocktails  like old fashions throw them into an oak barrel  age for several wks.
adds a flavor layer
Here at the Curbside Cookoff at RFK lot 3.
is ready for you!
Try our Trucko de Mayo Jalapeo today.
One week....
One week is all I can spare to hype
That's cool.
It's nice here too so maybe I can get outside again this weekend.
Mom will be gardening.
You be good!
xoxoxo
yup!
Just trying to follow more people following the band so thank you :
what are the chances of a guy like you, and a girl like me
lol,no I just put somethin new on there
Ok, Brad Calipari is quickly becoming my favorite person in the entire world.
Season finale of Dexter.
That last...
scene?
It had to happen eventually.
I don't want to wait 'til next season!
Review: Kip Moore distinguishes himself with debut
Im good , Lol how bout U ?
I want to win a gift card!
umm woke up this morning thinking...roomiedate needs to be in effect ASAP!!
when are you gonna be in boston ???
so that i can buy all your shit 3
You'll never catch me speeding in NC ever again smh
Thanks!!
RT : Congrats to and !!!
You did it!
Feels like just yesterday you started grad school!
In other news, Prosumer is playing Bunker in Friday.
Who's in?
Well, we have to pay the bills somehow.
LOL I would have to go work fast food if I didn't write more than one a year.
Don't be sorry the season was great im proud we made it this far!
you guys are great and we will be back next year, Go Broncos!
Also big thanks to the host of the BFT the interns Keone, Jordan and Have a great weekend all!
We think its mostly his backing up to Carbonite and streaming highdef satellite radio nearly 24hrs/day
Said I'll always be your friend, took an oath I'ma stick it out till the end.
Ugh forget the nap bc now my parents need me to help..
Only when I'm busy or tired..
I swear..
:
Not exactly.
Thanks for the RT  much appreciated!
When will my reflection show Who I am inside?
NoteI'm not saying I don't think teachers deserve more pay.
Many live at poverty.
lol Chicago is awesome!
!!!!!!
: Better watch out for a Santa in a Batman suit.
Ralph knows he's coming to town!
hey me and really wanna see you before you leave.
Working on getting everything ready for the record next month!
hahah that's incredible!
Kev Smith's new book Tough Shit t'is not a tough read.
Awesome talk today on death penalty in U.S.
by David Garland, at U of Minnesota's Sociology Research Institute.
Just got Id thefted
RIP ANDY WHITEFIELD for you are with GOD and will live on.
Thanks for an awesome twiiter day hope you have a blessed night and fantastic doctorams i will tweet you tomorrow goodnight.
dont forget to D
If you could build your own roller coaster what would it be?
Where would it be located at?
Brad
Thanks for the follow  interested in checking out a meeting?
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon?
Great food but no atmosphere.
I love a month that begins on Sunday.
Four weeks of pure visual order on my calendar.
Would you ever consider touring with the boys?
1D
The man who wins may have been counted out several times, but he didnt hear the referee H.E.
Jensen
That is one hot wrap.
Being on your top 10 list feels so good!
Thank you!
2 of my favorite ladies ever!
I always feel a little obscene when doing the hip adductor/abductor machines at the gym.
Would love to be kept in the loop!
If i can help or jump in in any way, I would love to!
Thanks!
And glad your premiums went down.
Must be that toprate First Focus wellness program.
My first single from The White Room is soon gonna be released!
: Im excited for you guys to hear it :
I know.
Man, I miss RichRod.
Is RIM getting its game back with BlackBerry 10?
CNET
5 hours?
No way, if I get less then 6 or so a night my brain turns to lead.
7 hours works better.
Truck crashes on NY highway, spills tons of yogurt yahoonews If it's Greek, ship it over there so they can pay their debt!
What up boiiii!
Help me out with some fine lesbian followers!
Btw.
That rejection was for the short story I scrambled to write in four days.
But hey, even the bronchitis didn't stop me.
Looking for announcement of 2012 NATIONAL Coty Winners from last night...
Send out the press release..
I'm too lazy anyway
I agree.
too much BieberFever with my girl!
LOL
you're very welcome  thanks!
:
now following
RT : Happy Birthday to of !
// Cheers Chef!
Content worth monetizing?
YouTube signed deal with Universal to introduce Vevo.
That thunder just rolled down my street.
Very VERY scary.
Get down to the Q cafe right now!
Killer show happening
Still think Fidel Castro is a better political baseball story.
Cuomo isn't bad, though.
NoOffenseBut you're going down today.
I imagine hell to be a place where all those Real Housewives who have tried to record albums sing 'Red Solo Cup' over  over  over.
Getting ready to head to Disney World to fix my vision don'thate 
im bout to play marvel vs capcom 2
Where does a woodsman keep his pigs?In his hog cabin!
Sophia attacked me and Casey, Casey walked around with I love sexy mamas hahaha
Despicable Me
doubleBoo for the duh.
How?
I guess that's perrrty cool though...
but you still suck
Spent all morning fixing system errors on a fucking brand new laptop that I began setting up yesterday.
I think I'm just going to go 2 lunch
Thanks for the heads up!
Love it.
Will Stephen Jackson still be a Buck after the TDL?
Taking a break from recording and all this stress to go to Knotts Scary Farm tonight with my friends :D
thank ya very much!
:
Khalil knows what's up
why are you still using pictures of Travan from 35 years ago?
U think I ain't gone RIdE
hahaha they call my mom coz I exhaust of a class hahaha it was gym lol
its so sad !
lifetime be havin some crazy movies
The simple believes every word, But the prudent considers well his steps.
Proverbs 14:15
It's WinItWednesday...to enter to win a free tee, tweet us something fancy!
Contest ends TODAY!
So What are you waiting for?
Tweet us!
I personally don't think that Tom Cruise is a good actor.
Great!
Thank you!
EWWW get him out of my face
Dear followers and friends  my hotmail account has been compromised and is now a Phishing source  ignore links from me  I am fixing
ok no problem
why you gotta say that on twitter!
Maybe it's just you Peter that I dislike
wishes he could brush his teeth with beef jerky every night
I'm swearing if I go there now, I can change her mind turn it all around,  I know that I'm doctornk but ill say the words.
or you could just make my day worse 
A student that was in my instruction class actually came to the ref desk while I was there to ask for help.
Sweet!
the music industry isn't an industry.
industry implies that there's some cohesive organization to it all.
it's a freeforall
Oh what a gorgeousity day here in Nashville it's like a kitten jumped through a rainbow and landed on a heart.
3
So I do whatever any sensible woman would do...
I go by the biggest bottle of wine I can find.
celebratin' the day...planting trees and shit you know
RT That Nobody knows our business type of relationship 
good morning friends hope every one starts off their day in a good mood on this beautiful day :
school is the least of my worries right now.
Peyton Manning was a good qb, it'll be interesting to see what happens to him
Happy Birthday !!
Indonesia Lawyer club is so POINTLESS
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
I guess they didn't have an app for that?
FUCK.SEX.OHMYGOD.
WARPED TOUR IN SEATTLE JUST GOT 446443169763231 TIMES BETTER.
WANNA KNOW WHY?!
IS GOING.
Heading to at to meet We are hosting author Karen Armstrong  Tori Murden McClure
Omgeee my friend hacked my twitter and beiberfied it lol
Started a raucous at the wedding table today when I said there's nothing wrong with a man hyphenating his name with his wife's if..
Wonder what is doing in Wisconsin???
Walking around walmart, I notice smoking a cigarette while eating mcdonalds

So, got shutout by Suppan?
Really?
Might ask my cousin for sum doctorgs.He sells many.And i need more soon
ty so much Kim!
im am so proud to have met you  i know all 3 of the boys have 2.never met such caring people as on twitter ty
ouch !
Now that's just mean !!
lol
Thanks for the
RT : : Any spoilers for tonight's RAW?: People will complain about it.
Then continue to watch next week.
Ommggg BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B I cantt waiittt !!!!!!
And are you gonna rap in the song???
:D
The purpose of business is to create and keep a customer.
Theodore Leavitt
Nice customer service, but waited 3 hours then sent plumber home after paying 49 after choking on bid.
s/o to all the peeps whoa int got shit else to do on mon but do s/o lol.
hello all have a great monday letsgo get it!!
It's been such a long time since I've seen those gorgeous breasts of yours Suzy I'd forgotten just how sexy they really are!
:
enchanted by taylor swift
Lmfaoo that's how he eat the booty.
Roger Sterling is a G
NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE TO A WILLING HEART!
So excited joined the twittersphere.
Witty, slightlysnarky and always girly tweets abound!
Hello friends and fans.
Remember we are open til 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays.
Lets all have a wonderful weekend.
We are in the breakdown phase of nuclear power in this country.
You can not compliment Nikki she's to full of it.
I'm glad a local couple won the Mega Millions and not just someone passing through Red Bud.
Where I live you get to see American immigrants do their 4th of July thing
trust me, just as labor intensive is that you'll be after them to get up...
Spurs..
13 players with 5 points.
That is teamwork.
Thank you so much for the darling postcard.
Your trip sounds unreal.
Keep living it up!
Ganglians were god!
is currently melting faces.
Up next is If you're not here...why?!?
gently to your maidservantthough I am not so much as one of your maidservants.
14At mealtime, Boaz said to her, Come over Torah 4
or take Weedon to push Joe lol
Oh...the libraries should be getting some new stuff today!
First come first serve :
So much B.O.
on the campus shuttle.
Wash yo bodies, undergrads!
about to go jogging .
oh ...
you brighten my nights.
love your blog and your SM work.
I'd love to connect with you!
let's network!
I'm telling you, i got you.
just tell me the bowtie and i'll find it that's what poor asian friends are for!
haha
grassos on transit by depew high school
No.
I did not bite it.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
James Thurber
It's hot AF
Hello back at you!
I'm a dork on twitter but you can FB me, too.
Love the Lidia Yuknavitch.
She's my aquasuperheroine self.
Can mobile interpretation also be social?
Ride wit more sometimes Followers...
IM FREAKIN AWESOME!!!
Lol!!
I forget lol, google it maybe?
Haha yeah I always like choke trying to do the saltine challenge!
What did you grill up?
trying to, lady?
Gotta keep the lights on.
Lol
GrandpaFred By the way Zak, from this house to this it's only about 4 inches.
Just somebody got to be there.
RT : Lking for students to talk about new Mifflin rules for an article.
Tweet back or email:
u never tweet me ne more :' ise saddened by this twist of events :'
was fighting tears n rehearsal, emotions 2 high; that's why Chaka said no; no time 2 prepare deserving tribute
Thank you for the follow.
Tolls directly affect your business.
What's you feeling on them?
Are they worth it?
Glad to see you on Twitter, big guy!
It's 2011.
Also known as the year of The Matus!
:
Don't u hate it when someone follows you on Twitter and u follow them back, and as soon as u do they hit u wit that pretyped spam msg shit?
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Another lightning storm threatens.
Sturm und doctorng with no letup.
I hope it at least rains, and waters the garden.
80's explosion here in the officewe have glam rock, rocker groupie, punk, MJ, Madonna.
.
there is a whole lot of bad hair going on up in
I'm gonna put a small flat screen right behind my toilet, so when I'm doctorpping reverse stink pickles I can tune in!
Thanks
Lord guide my steps today!
Hit your girl in my whip now her pussy got that new car smell lmaoo
le ta se sin e.
I can already tell my kindlefire is going to be addicting!
back on the rock, back on my island!
oh ny how i love the.
nah, if you like your view better from there who cares?
Enjoy it however you like
A chef inspired the idea.
Pushed Farro as GF to her GF guests.
Alarming!
just rocked Jay leno
Do I know the muffin man?
That depends...are you a cop?
And what exactly do you mean by fish tank?
RT : Fish tank is clean, would be proud of me.
PAUL OAKENFOLD We are Planet Perfecto Tour at FLUXXSD EDM Tonight!
Message me for bottle service and a very limited guest list before 6pm
absolutely!
Not this year lebron!
I like your idea 
good meeting you tonight man.
can't wait to figure something out and go to work
I had a dentist appointment today no caveties yet.
Ashley
RANGERS WIN!!!!
Hank was awesome in net as usual and Kreider had his best game with a goal and assist!!
Richie with the game winner!
I'm doing pretty good, how bout you?
Wow, thanks for all the new Likes!
Feelin' the love today!
live Tweeting golf every weekend is the most interesting about golf.
EVER.
I don't favorite tweets often...but well played.
My iPhone wasn't letting me take pictures cuz i had over 5,000 photos on there.
I just deleted a bunch  am down to 3600.
It's a start...
Bout to take a quick nap
Are you back in the H maam?
oh and the new song is dope!
Just saying
When you're out with your family and see FIONE ass dudes 
Are you willing to give up what you love for who you love
thanks for the follow i look forward to your tweets
enjoying a relaxing afternoon after an amazing 3 days of loex2012 with
Fun meeting with today in Chicago.
Tried three new things today...happy hour at Joe's Garage, Jets Pizza, and homemade Moscow Mules.
All excellent!
Holy shit.
It just hit me how much i love one direction.
How can we build a better DC?
If we could name five things that would make a difference tomorrow...
Thanks for the RT!
Keep tweeting for justice and love!
3
Sorry for the mixed signal universe, let me clarify....
LIVE LEAD 5 6.
IwillNeedSleep z
Some days it appears my guardian angel is working overtime!
blessed Hope you all know you are blessed too
guess what follow me cunt
I didnt go to be amazing.
21 Jump street will followback I am clarkin so many flags in 2 touchdowns for!
TOM HORNER, FORMER INDEPENDENCE PARTY GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, SHARE'S HIS POLITICAL PERSPECTIVE ON HERMAN CAIN TONIGHT ON FOX 9  9PM.
Fatso's now offers a wide selection of flavored vodkas  come try one...or two...or three...
mm u
Hate when stupid bitches try to act all innocent ...
You know you did it just man up
Bro, we're not going to agree on many, if any, things regarding the Lakers.
Fisher Talent Management.
LLC UK single to be released in UK January 2012
I don't think you guys cover the RED SOX enough.
Coming up...RED SOX GM.we'll ask him about everything Red Sox XM 89
Dj Jazzy Jeff killed it at Moon on top of the Palms Tuesday!!
SMASH TOMORROW  beauty bar!!
dubstep crew!!
Watching Legion :3
Can I not have a god damn headache right now
Good morning Albuquerque!
I just heard that a Shaquille O'Neal is retarded and he thinks he's a leprechaun
Nick Borg totally just danced to Call Me Maybe in a very suggestive way.
Wish I could've taped that lolololol
I spent the day alone.
It was peaceful and healing.
Everybody needs a little me time
Headshot Tip: It's great to get creative, but follow the guidelines that will keep them effective for online casting submissions!
OMG U N AUSTIN AREN'T FRIENDS ANYMORE
Thanks for the MobiDeals love!
: RT Rocks!!
a real treat.
great to see u too.
Really enjoyed a Dark 'n Stormy.
I think we have a new hurricane tradition.
Thank you :D
Happy Chinese New Year!!!!!
Hey!!
Guess who left 's phone logged into her Twitter!
This gal!!
;
Tonight will talk about Your Digital Afterlife 7:30 PM.
I am pissed off cant find these damb AARMS!!!!!!!!!
Bored out my flocking mind
what's this Tokyo crap?
This movie is....
Uhmmm..
Odd
Here I Am To Worship Here I Am To Bow Down Here I Am To Say That You're My God.
You're All Together Lovely All Together Worthy  Wonderful!
netflix is my best friend
I dont want to mention him but  BaileyyAnderson  Is his username and he is a fake ..
On twitter..
Well that just hit me like a ton of bricks...
its Aj.
I never moaned n shit loll.
I legit came twice in the 2 years that I had sex with her Lmao.
Why moan?
lol.
RT :  RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history.
Is there any debate?
SEASON TWO IS LIKE SEASON OF THE FEELS
Hey Mike!
Very much enjoy your blog!
Thanks for the follow
And yes, absolutely.
Brilliant casting, this.
Thanks!
And yep, you got it :
Check out CEO  on for fest Next Sat 4/28 am at 8:40 am ATXGoodFood!
i always am :
doctorsden Files?
Terry Pratchett's Small gods?
lucky for you there's only 17 more days!
Haha
We pulled right into a spot.
I didn't notice if the rest of them were full.
Does anyone know if there will be any parties at SXSW this year?
Go to sleep.
Every public appearance by Jennifer Hudson is a subliminal plug for
haha you're not lying, he's been awesome this year so far.
just needs to avoid that annual injury and he should stay hot.
This is about to go off.
I'm sure you're being a wonderful patient and suffering in silence.
?
I love the new fanfic!
It's amazing
haha I'm sorry!
so many varieties of apple at the store right now, you gotta get down here.
Hey Raph...that Osso Bucco sounds awesome!
Ill be in soon.
TONIGHT!!
Lois Lowry will be here!
With bells on!
Swing by at 6:30pm!
Its the lollapalooza one right?
If not then link me to it pl0x.
It is Sunday, the concessioners are at church, I hope
Yeah, I think you would be better off with something like Yoga,
AllBalboa.com is awesome!
Buffalo's representing: 7 dancers are here.
Having a terrific time!
Can't wait to teach the moves we've learned.
BRB FREAKING OUT.
:D :D :D
Trill recognize trill and I don't know your kind!!!
the line up is divided into two groups.
Some cities get one group  some both...
When your'e writing, how aware are you of what everyone else is doing in your genre?
Day two 3D scanning at Monticello.
Wow it is hot here, switched to night scanning.
soak up some for me!
Salsa anyone?
India swings to the Latino beat
On a mission to finish some work tonight.
Could be a late one.
Damn, Justin, handcrafted by the angels or..?
RT We're now just 24 days before the start of the World Series of Poker.
Bracelets are being polished as we speak!
You can fall seven times,just stand up eight.
I'm glad you're keeping up with everything crew96 related!
There is someone I missed so much, that's....
My girl
It is embarrassing to ask for free admission to a nightclub or social.
Even more, if you are a pro performer or instructor.
Cheapskate.
: AAAEPHX folk/airport folk in general: did you know streams all AAAE job board jobs?
she seriously should have just sat down and watched to be perfectly honest.
poor kenya.
she tried.
Looking for robotics experts interested in skyping with a class of physics students, april 23rd.
if your not going to follow mii then i will just have to see you in person......................
at the 1 girl tour MAUH
your boy Howard just came up HUGE!
u having a good day??
Ha!
They probably just want me to shut up about my doctorams of owning a
text me ill give you the details
that's dope June right the tour hits NYC.
Wish u were hear bro
one more week to go!
Happy Friday from a Wisconsinite that wishes he was in SanDiego to watch the Fox5 morning show today!
haha, yup and patric and sean probably 
I feel like im gettin sick.
You can learn more from an honest, hardearned failure than an easy success.
Great quote by
Finishing up TBLMS with Brief Awakening then onto Spo Says
you are always welcome my love!
i wish i could have been there to hand deliver them to you..but as long as you got them!
RT Leo's live for love and appreciation.
Managers rely on manuals  LEADERS rely on instinct.
www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
Welcome to all the new Zipsters that signed up today!
Have fun at  do a little snow tubing for us while youre there!
When College Softball is on ESPN 
HORRIBLE SERVICE!
My husband ordered flowers for his mother on Mother's Daythey were never delivered.
Tip of the Day: Toothpaste that contains pyrophosphate adheres to the tooth surface and inhibits the growth of tartar.
Hahaha, ok, let's go with that then :
is my new hero!
20thingsaboutme I have a twin .
:
A next friend means they are representing someone under age, see in chancery and court type records.
Can't even go out to eat dinner woww.
it's not my fault...
the stache has control of the hands...
the hands occupy the phone...
luckily the brain deletes half the photos.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
After 2 years going now u wanna realize you've got testicals!
All that Dick and no balls makeS that man a BITCH!
The 3 D's to succeed...Dedication, Desire, and Discipline.!
I feel everyone should know: I'm on my Dondoctorper swag this morning.
Knock first.
Greatness at work.
lol
Me too, but I can't figure out which one.
you must have a postal worker in your 'hood who is just as into photography.
;
YOU STILL HAVN'T GOTTEN IT YET!....
Damn you really are lazy.
got it hun!!
childoctorn these days...I guess discipline is not the same as it used to be when I was growing up
Time to wake up and see what the day holds
I suck at bingo.
Does anybody want to stop by the Marquette Radio studio tomorrow morning for ' birthday?
You're all welcome to.
I'm seriously swooning over here.
The future is neato!
Kenny Ozzfest 4 will now be held at Mayday Northside Dec.
3.
We'll be there, so should you!
working on image selection for the future fb page for the Friendship Nine.
Lot of classic pictures to choose from
Lying on the couch reading a book and waiting for a call.
Did that grl want toplay in the game.
out the door she goes.
WTF RT In a single year, 30 or 1.7 trillion cigarettes are consumed by Chinese smokers alone.
I wish I knew who unfollows me so I can return the favor.
Hate losing people.
:
Hey cherry
I love my Celtics, but Sweet Basketball Jeebus, they're about to give me a heart attack here at the end of Game 3!
We must try to keep our values in proper order.
So the gas line broke at the main intersection near my work, I'm pretty much trapped here until they're done
how are you enjoying it?
Making crab stuffed Dover sole.
Hit me up if you want to know how to.
A teachin would remind the media what we're fighting for education that awakenings young minds.
hehe howdy partner ;
Happy Monday!
Who's planning on coming by this week??
RT Wood couldn't justify the hours it took to prepare for throwing a few pitches that night, felt like he was handcuffing team.
Hmm let's see how this torrent stuff works
always loved those Elvis Costello album covers.
Great to see your other work too.
Woke up and had to kill not 1 but 2!!!!
Bugs this morning.
Not a great start and Spidey did not help.
another nation wide window cleaning company.
They are well known lowballers.
Twitter friends and doctorid gummy lovers please nag me for backgrounds so doesn't shoot me.
realwork sucks backgrounds coming!
I'm interested to see who will still be here or be here at all at the end of this year
If man will not work, he shall not eat.
Shaq just not as funny as Charles.
Charles is naturally a dumb ass.
I would love to go to Europe to start.
I had hoped to aim some spirited gibes at the University of Missouri, but I was overcome by lethargy as I thought of the school.
haha.
Thats actually really funny.
u r JUST like jenna in so many ways lol
what a game Ravens pulled it out with 8 seconds on the clock
Guess whos BACK?!
The most potent muse of all is our own inner child.
Stephen Nachmanovitch
My heart overflows with Love
Love You Keeley!
:
I'm no guru, but if you LOVE somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours.
And if they dont, they never were.
Watching rocky horror picture show.
:
How did you like my show?
MY LIFE IS YOU!
Waking up at 7am to Loud noise and it not ending.
Ever.
Has got to end.
I've got to get out of here.
: My work computer takes years to do anything  hopefully you're getting paid by the hour not the number of jobs done 
Slammed my pinky finger in my car door and broke my nail.
Worst pain ever!!
What a way to start the day!
!!
Best wishes to your emerging playwrights!
It's a beautiful process.
Big things coming this year  HUGE!!
I love pickles snooki tasty as fuck
PHeW!!
Made it!
Thanks for being my 667!
One of these days, I'll get it right.
Friday's show with will reair tomorrow at 9AM CST on
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
Download it whenever you need a pickup :
Today's tip: Seal heating  cooling ducts.
Ducts that move air to  from a furnace, central AC or heat pump are often big energy wasters.
I once fell asleep chewing gum...woke up choking on it....
: What's going on tonight?
LakeShow!
Lol!
Coming down in sheets on 125th  Greenfield.
Decided we'd start back up the right way.
We go into the studio Monday to record our new single.
Grab it at the big show TBA.
dg
So used car salesman agrees to arrange killing of Saudi Ambassador to US.
Just shows what those guys will do to make a sale!
Infinitely Virtual Announces VMWare vCloud Director Capability, Giving IT Pros Greater Control and Flexibility in ...
Which HubSpotter's costume was your favorite?
keep it up!
it's hard to get it right imo, but once you dolook out!
you won't be able to stop!
Great Swamp Conservancy to host 11th annual festival  Utica Observer Dispatch
Peace loving is not enough.
Peace makers are needed.
This lame tho
Yeah last nights basketballwives was a real low for TV.
That show needs to go, as well as Bad Girls club.....
sounds good.
Thanks
Man I tear up at the most random parts of this movie
And how did I go this long thinking I was following and I was not?!
Come check out surrendervegas this weekend only
Archeology in Kuwait  rethinking the origin of human development and cities
RT : lol....
awww poor Fakers.
getting run over like as
ikr that would be nice and Harrys.
RT  Lloyd is the Cleveland Indians mascot.
I may be interested as time permits.
We could grab coffee?
about to watch stick it!

...Damn editorial mandates.
Just tie your jeans around your neck.
Form a trousercape  call yourself THE DUNGAREAPER
faith is awakened by the message, and the message that awakens it comes through the word of Christ Rom 10:17
pick me!
I have Angel fans coming in from OC and I want them to see the Padoctors beat those Angels!
That'd be tight.
RT Sometimes I wanna make and airplane with 5 cats ...
and fly out to saturn and write music on a ring.
Tonight is the last night to enjoy our venue.
We will be closed till Aug.
A married couple who filed jointly and collectively made 18,500 and took no deductions would pay more in taxes than Mitt Romney.
thanks for the mention.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Look up Wizard People, Dear Reader on youtube, watch and laugh
im 21 now nigga, shotgun a four loko or ill
I think I have!
Thank you for the recommendation!
Is there any research out there re: efficacy of Cycles vs.
other approaches?
Having the best year I have ever had in my life!
Awesome!
So followed quite a few monsters yesterday, wish he followed me 
why t/f is she talkin like that in this movie on BET lol
Umm u didn't know that's king dig a ling rt: I just followed Instagram and umm yea he's nasty smh
Planning class on religion and TV: True Blood or Friday Night Lights?
BSG or doctorp Dead Diva?
Suggestions for shows , episodes and articles?
You CAN NOT run into anything with a mart on the end before Valentine's day and this cashier is slow as HELL!!!
I just needed shampoo!
the sad thing it all came from him.
What did you get?
:
TrainingTube is a great video offering
ILikeObamaCare so much I'm willing to argue with ignorant teabaggers on twitter until my phone dies.
How the hell am I supposed to concentrate with the largest hippie doctorm circle ever assembled pounding away for hours outside?
no!
: you can't talk about that yet
I think I'm in love...lol
Thanks!
We appreciate it!
No argument here!
RT : I feel like communication is the only way to make anything work!
I have so much to be thankful for...
never a reason to stress the small shit.
blessed in more ways than I can imagine.
The first person to message me on twitter lol :P:P
Thanks for the post and mention!
inmiddleschool i got accused of beating up a handicap
Zumba kicked my butt and I'm lovin it!!!
Mourdock said that Indiana will not stand for France electing it's own president...yeah...he's a fucking nutjob
It's better to have loved and lost than to spend the rest of your life living with a psycho.
Not saying that he'll put up with it...
But he will fight thru it.
I def appreciate that.
It's March!
How fast time flies...
LOL FUCK THEM.
I WAS FLIPPING OUT.
Do you know which bank has a program that actually pays sellers to short sale their homes?
Find out by calling 7022457227
Okay, just got back from my cruise.
Went on the Norwegian Sky...didn't care for it too much.
My dog is pregnant
We love you!
RT : whoa thanks for the FF!
Love that place!
He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that your his princess 3
RETWEET If You Want 50 Followers!
TeamFollowBack 
Y me estoy volviendo a viciar con Cough Syrup
Technically she changed her status to homeschool but I see no evidence of studying and she seemed vague about how she was learning.
So if you do all of your manufacturing up in NJ, how does your material arrive?
Do you use Bulk or Packaged delivery?
I wish I knew
ACMs  That's unusual  Steve Martin playing Banjo with Rascal Flatts!
Omg..
a gay on my friend list..
please follow me I love you so much!
10
One given, the logic of accumulation :: some generous definition of graceful unzippering, the body as public invention.
oh thanks x
Please follow me , if i follow you back : xx.
I ask you: how many cups of bad coffee can I consume in 1 workday?
Current count: 4, across 2 offices in 2 boroughs.
How about you just shut the fuck up!
Luther Vandoctorss is just so amazing NP A House Is Not A Home
G.M.N.I.: Long night ahead.
No rest for the wicked es lo que dicen.
Ya sabes.
ADELE'S DONUT BRINGS ALL THE LOGANS TO THE YARD
o0 I'm kinda lost with this?!, I dnt know wats the hype abt twitter?!
owell
I mean, like, wow.
: Ninetynine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration.
What a waste.
hypocrisy in its finest form, well played
nah b4 too long we will b out havin manis n pedis
Google Analytics Has Over 10 Million Users  Technology News
Spent the morning covering the race for the cure.
Also spent the morning fighting back tears and being inspired
I keep hearing so much about Shades of Grey and all I can think of is wow people really liked that episode!
Missin the rise against concert sadly.
:
Glad to see all your participants tonight.
Have a great chat everyone!
Well I reside solidly in the nonFBer camp.
I think it has its merits if you're selling a service or a product, and yes, it can be..
It was so great seeing you!!
love LOVE the blog post : xoxo
Ooohhh yes!
I swear on the FSM that I can be there!
oh please find a way to squeeze me into that crammed schedule of yours
Move here if you feel like youre at home ;D
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.
Charles Lamb
that sounds dirty
Lmfaooo so I'm very doctormatic lol buut o well.
When I'm done I'm done
Im so jelly of people who live in Miami they get to meet /3
you are one lucky bastard needs to be someone's catchphrase.
maybe a character on Downton Abbey?
ABQ ranks 9th of 43 U.S.
metro areas in Green Cities Index!
Save green with with Pella Windows and Doors!
Duke lost?
Awww who did they lose to?
Oh yea a 15 seed 
Where can I get some of those ticketoak acorns?
Knowing Tony, I think this is just a complaint about general perceptions of humanities.
Not about DH.
Thanks for the follow  Happy Valentines day!
As per doctor Oz: 7Keto DHEA.
Boosts Metabolism!
RT : The LORD is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast LOVE.
Ps 145:8
More names of early Victor phonograph models: Radiolette, Magic Brain, Superette, PickmeUp, Nursery, BiAcoustic, Modern Blonde, SuperSix
Congratulations to you both.
The bicycling community celebrates it's newest member.
Classic!
Totally adding that 2 a few playlists RT : I'm listening to Dirt Off Your Shoulder by JayZ
guitar is better and cheaper.
I know some people.
How dare he?
Doesn't he know is a VIP?
OF COURSE!
:D i'm so excited to meet you!
That's terrible..
You guys making fun of that poor girl!
he needs proactive in his life...
do you think TREND in home products are to add bold, cheerful pattern and color to home goods?
People ready for a lift?
Yo Chief!
when the USSR sold Mig jets, a personal delivery platform for Billionaires was conceived but we were boozin etc
Stop it, when were you sane?
Not even gonna lie right now I'm annoyed as shit, really dont wAnt to do anything tomorrow and I really just want to be in Michigan
my apt my apt my apt!!:
this morning's email: a fresh series of bomb threats on dorms overnight, and a corresponding slew of I'm going home emails from students.
Eddie Trunks the best in the biz!
Ankiel walks up to Brain Stew by Green Day
Heading to SF in March.
Has anyone ever seen an interview conducted via two people on twitter?
if you have a problem with me, please write it nicely on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope, fold it up and shove it up your ass.
I miss you!
Valiant effort by the Timbers to keep playoff shot alive.
Didn't get a win, but refused to lose.
Highlights coming up
With , Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa, , and
Wat about U?
Taking deep breaths, trying to stay in the moment  trust myself.
After doing  teaching yoga for almost a decade it should be simple.
I want to doctorft Kalil's mom at 3 forget him.
Big cheers to on completing dissertation.
Good lord, that's a major piece of work!!
Well done.
how come you never said hi?
Are you a senior too?
: whenever I get money Im gonna cop your book it seems like there is a lot Im missing out
They need to stop with the music so i can hear 's sexy voice!!!
:/
Nice but, Be careful ...
Some Fans can be FANATICS!!!
Sections 3.63.9 are pretty important, though XMPP people would consider them fairly obvious.
Doing all we can right now.
With no primary, it's all about fundoctorising.
Hope you and Mo are doing well with the kids!!
ALL OF THE RUNNING BACKS RT : Patriots make it official, announcing Joseph Addai deal
law never ends!
I wanted a crunch wrap supreme, settling for double cheeseburger
Why is the sky not happy on clear days?It has the blues
Atleast I still get a bagel cove bagel
I was very excited there for a second because I thought I had found one part of my body that wasn't sore.
I was wrong.
indesignhelp my tables keep splitting across pages when I print!
HELP!
I'm thinking I should eat before going to the grocery store.
I'm still trying to get rid of all those white castle burgers in my freezer.
Joey Buona's, Louise's and China Gourmet deliver.
ok.
You are special enough that I may just clean out my car ;0
Yeah show this super moon whats up RT : I think you should moon some people tonight.
Bout to knock this communication and psychology exam out.
What up Hodges?
Happiness is an inside job.
I don't need to book a job to be happy.
I choose to be happy right now.
your cable back up yet?
awesome news all around!
Glad u got into and liked boardwalk too.
You should check out game of thrones if you like fantasy stuff
watching Hunger Hits Home
All boys need to go to for girl advice because he is good with the ladies!;
It must always relate directly to how life is better for everyone
The stache saves game !
RT : saves the day again!!
Me to RT : 10 am and all I want to do is dance....going to be a long day.
Happy Wednesday!
RT : WaysToImpressMe: Be ambitious, intelligent, hilarious, respectful, sincere  chivalrous.
thx.
I emailed Pat directly; I'll let you know if anything comes of it.
Chicago is my motto bitch!
Quote it.
Not to crazy.
Give me a call.
go ahead and do what?
Hopefully they had the Krispy Kreme icing too.
RT : Had 3 consecutive doctorams about jelly donuts.
Like, I have a problem.
so did I!
Lol Thank you so much for everything tonight : love youu xo
what did you think?
who are ya?
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 78
yeah, I didn't want to look.
Ruby doesnt even use her twitter l0l :
Does this count?
We ordered a Passat TDI in '11 but we have to wait til March '12 to get it!
RT RT if you plan to buy a VW in 2012.
Glad to be at ASLRRA2012 with
: Fuck you UEFA  FIFA for never giving Henry Ballon d'or or World player of the year Make that a double Fuck you!
Hear Hear
Does anyone on Bachelorette realize Emily's Ricky was Ricky Hendoctorcks of Hendoctorcks motorsports?
Umm she's loaded  doesn't care about 
if I could RT 100 times I so would...
Switched to iPhone, no more bbm.
oh haha that's a good idea :D
Has anything occurred since Dec.
1, '11 in Honduras to preclude travel of U.S.
Citizens beyond preexisting concerns?
Just had awesome film audition with Randi Hiller Casting for their new James Gandolfini flick!
They are all so nice there too!
I still am cool :
Well, it's Thursday.
Better wear a fedora.
we care too much about how others see us, and not enough about how we see ourselves.
LOL!
love me some chris colfer but his voice sounded hideous on Big Girls Don't Cry
It's been quiet over here, but I'll have a post up tomorrow morning and a few exciting updates for tomorrow : Stay tuned!
Must be getting early.
Clocks are running late.
Thanks for the follow.
I would like to put our technology in ur bar for free.
Not new really, just additional.
So many dif beliefs within labor.
Politics do or don't matter.
Dif levels of activism etc
Great riding weather in New York, now that it has cooled off.
Just need a bit longer warm up.
Wave of change lol yep that is some change you got there
THIS.
RT : Retweeeet.
: Basketball is the worst sport ever !!
2 Over Kentucky dave
I agree they should be punished, and punished severely.
My job is to make sure it's the right person and mitigate the
: Got my Avengers tickets.
I'm all nerded up, bro YEAH!
I'm on my way to see it too!
It's nice to meet you!
I'm going to be a librarian next year  I hope!
:
So sad to see Hollie go...should have been Phillip...
WTF a Tech for that
Just remove the Oxford comma MT stinky, sweaty, intimidating money
Internal Grilling Temperature Quick Guide, BBQ your chicken to an internal temp.
of 165 degrees F
Yeah baby pat urself on the back for some sweet counter surveillance  proceed directly to installing back ups to the wrong partition...Doh!
never ages!
Awesome Performance!
F...
RT : Seriously what did people do before CtrlF
STREETFIXRHODEISLAND STREETFIXRI stay tuned in to the THENEWWAVE the hottest dj's on the phone or net.
Thanks for having me on to talk some and some CollegeLax  for a jersey kid, you're not that bad
easy.....hes sorry!
RT : Pshh..I'm sure all the boys think my farmer's tan is sexy
awe okay: nite!
We can't wait to hear more about this trip!!!
Difficulty and jargon?
How can conscious difficulty become a useful tool for generating selfawareness about reading?
Can't trust these men ha
Twitter will always be a wire service of sorts  at OPrint panel.
Tues night at 8, 9, and 10pm on PBS, check out 3 specials on Haiti: Deadliest Earthquakes, Battle for Haiti, Childoctorn of Haiti.
Life is to be fortified by many friendships.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existence.
Sydney Smith
thx for the shout out!
What I've learned from online dating: Every guy on earth is prepared for the zombie apocalypse.
lol Seriously?
Jesus...
Iranian film A Separation  GoldenGolbes winner is now nominated for Oscars by
Really enjoying this lobbying and interest groups class.
How many pens are you wanting to house?
LinkedIn Business professorle page created!
Search for Virtual Persuasion.
Thank you to all of our followers!
The greatest feeling in the world is to love and be loved back.
We will be there via Houstons What a perfect day, its finally here.
:Chris Manning 2014 6'6 SF RandallstownLong body who can really run.Compliment any team
It's just so great.
The colors.
Everything is magical.
Omg I was just at school and my mom almost ran into mister.N .....
thankk god she didn't.
EXCITED FOR SandersSunday !:D
I found Kauai more relaxing and easier to get around.
Maui has a more rugged terrain with Haleakala and the road to Hana.
Mexican jockey aboard Kentucky Derby winner
I'm going to miss mine too when it dies..
It's a '99 with 140,000 miles on it.
First 3 AM SalonEquip followers to request, will gt courtesy ticket to Salon Voices
If my power goes off one more time, I will scream.
Jealous!
I would do what you do for free!
Any openings in that pay bracket?
;
I just shit myself wow that girls jacket on the right so beautiful
Benilde just scores...
10 over Hill Murray.
Jabby is cheering from the stands.
Last night in 311!
Lots of good memories :
Our mission is to addoctorss the growing inequality and poverty in LongBeach by promoting
hey how come u didnt upload ur cooldowncollab video today?
'It's a transformative experience to simply pause instead of immediately filling up the space.' Pema Chodoctorn
National Best Friend day: loveyougirl !
what are you talking about?
I'm all over it?
Do some people really not have anything better to do than walk around the mall?
listening to your songs on replay
Where were you on 9/11/2001?
How as the day impacted your life 10 years later?
Hey fuckers in Congress:
Board of Visitors what what
i think ur da onli celebrety not stuck up to reply to he's fans and to me dat says a lot keep it real bruh
Big booty bitch is bomb as fuck!
Baby make that ass clap 
Thinking about plans for the day
TY for the RT : FOLLOW Champion of social media and Witty Entrepreneur!
you know what sucks.....
when you expect alot of followers on your first day on twitter!!!!
but you end up only having 2!!!
We hope you can join us for the ReadEveryDay FamEvent in May!
Who wants my number?
;D
ff Our weekend crew!
patCAST Live Show Tomorrow Night!
www.PatCast.com
Austin is my inspiration.
Those 4 words are so true.
He is and he will always be.
Nobody or nothing will ever change that.
I promise3
Especially after 5pm on Fridays.
:D
No one even knows both sides of the story and yet they still keep judging....
Sometimes I love that my Boss is an 80's baby He made us play 'Angry Birds' for the first 15 minutes of our Manager's Meeting today!
It would do a world a HUGE favor if you just.....
you know...
LEFT...
THIS WORLD....
FOREVER!
thanks for following!
but of course.
Jon Koncak and Jeryl Sasser.
Welcome to the rich tradition that is SMU there Larry Brown.
Far cry from your other CBB jobs
ya we can figure out a time later just text me
I sure hope so.
I think hoodies transcend age ;
glad you had fun!
Lucky youI have wanted to see them for years...Have a good timehope it is a great show!
Fascinating...
Baby aspirin, NOT recommended for babies.
Yeah i am alright what you been up to
Listening to the new Todd Snider.
It's pretty good.
Boston better not let Atlanta win !
I miss my seniors already.
:
lol, thanks!
It was an experiment for work.
I'm learning the ropes!
All of you were in band and I'm in choir.
Ha.
Sorry.
I saw a license plate yesterday and thought of you...
it said HeyOh :
The Glow Salon and Spa deal will be over in less than 10 hours!
Get over to www.crowdclick.com and don't be selfish tell your friends!
Not a fan of this kit combo.
We should always be trying to wear the sporting blue, especially at home
Well, you know his smartassism didn't just start with that last tweet!
Cc
Meeting tomorrow for my trip to Rome!
I'm not even mad that's is a 2.5 hour meeting because it'll be exciting to hear about!
worth a try ;
Daily reminder: arguing with a stupid person is like wrestling with a pig.
All you get is dirty, and the pig likes it.
I'm up but for work :p
I WILL KILL IT.
PRO WASP KILLER HERE SINCE 2012.
fuck that nigga, you wanted one.
we will see you at the track!
I think being traded to the Mariners was my worst injury.
Former Brewers Jeff Cirillo
The concert was awesome!!!!
i wanna see pictures of you from prom missy!
To achieve, you need thought.
You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
Ayn Rand
SaySomethin lets get it up to 1 TT lets do it for
baaah!
i wish i had known, i would be there right now!!!
This gonna be a long doctorve back home
Sitting on a bench doctornking a CocaCola at 86th and 5th.
Just went to the MET and saw Egyptian stuff.
Love this place
Lovely Weather we are having
luck you!
Have a great trip.
when I was young my moma look at and said girl yhu gone break hearts cus yhu to cute for just one
S/O to pretty gurl representative
You are welcome.
We will be in touch in next day or two re next steps.
The Band Perry to perform at Maryland State Fair
MT : Lack of wifi, 'net connex continues to be an embarrassment at Capital Newspapers Bldg.
spjmadisontraining I was shocked
Prepping a monologue for Hollywood Bootcamp.
Early for dinner at Palate; guess i'll get a headstart at the bar.
Gin rickey time!
Please feel free to call my office to discuss your specific case.
We are always working on new procedures.
yeah pretty much.
Pre school, kindergarden, 1st through 8th grade, then freshman, sophomore, junior, senior, college.
Bulls win, now lets get a Heat lose.
OH MY GOD I HATE THAT SONG
ohmygoodness we have to go see the movie now.
Adam and Aaron might have to suffer watching a chick flick.
sorrynotsorry lol
OH!
Yeah, you'll do fine, then : I was worried this was a serial Guinea Pig library...
playin a love game
bro I've been wanting to meet with u and since last year!
Let's make it happen!
Come and jooiin me we'll ditch the sleepy heads!!
Locos on the Destroyers 20 yd line after a big sack and a fumble recovery
Dear Shane West, pls be in another movie like A Walk To Remember.
You are so great in that.
hahaha wow i am still going to do that too
Love it!
I like it too!
Losing built in macros in Amisys 4.0 creates data entry headaches....use Foxtrot to automate data entry in Amisys and save your budget!
can I get you ANY way???
I really want to talk to you...
I am going crazy and thinking way too much right now.
I suppose this book needs some chapters.
Thanks for the RT!
Only ONE spot remains for the Spring 2012 season of Don't miss this chance to have the time of your life.
A brandname for a company is like a reputation for someone.
You earn reputation by attempting to do difficult things effectively.
in Ps: background copy, then on the rt, look for Color balance, midtones, cyan/red 100.
Then desat the face as best you can.
ohh.
then dogs.
1 of the way there with 100 days left to go, right on pace.
lol stop being disrespectful
how many twitters you got?
Time magazine cover, the true example of a titty baby, ehhh, I mean toddler.
almost everyone in his story is a human w a story, regardless what they do/who they are.
A refreshing lack of selfrighteousness.
one day you will tweet me and it will be the best day of my life
Bigger than Chubb?
go make some honey!
To all Miami Heat haters  Lebron has no problem making the big shots!!
MT : Attending multicultural hr on far we've come since 06 Time Out article Why is Chicago Theatre so white
Two replies  1 said acrl2011 and 1 said acrl11.
I'm seeing both being used.
The ACRL website says acrl2011 is the official tag.
Always happy to meet and give some advice/quote.
Please call on 01636 640 321 to arrange.
Thanks Simon
I say it that way too.
Jen is kind of a Utah thing.
Aw, me too.
I'm in love with his voice.
smooth travels on 81 s tonight1
Herman Cain isn't having affairs  he's creating jobs.
Wet roads lead to gridlock on I75; I'm glad is doing the doctorving!
Hm that sounds good
London book fair and Richmond park for 's Birthday!
Big day ahead for the last home game of the season.
Grilling every animal we can think of and have setting up.
hey good morning again :
JLO is a bad bitch !
She's doing it big 

True
And Greenbay is hushed...
Just discovered the site via Ben Heckendorn/my interest in PC/XBOX360 Mods.
Glad I did!
Had  used tools since elementary school.
Boo just made New Years breakfast  awesome!
For additional entries into the Ride w/ Lance Sweeps, submit Photo Flashes at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
I am a huge fan of that show, can't stop watching the episodes over and over again :
Bout to hit up ambridge with ashlee
High tunes
Alright let's talk about christmas.
try now?
sorry about that!
Seeing this shop full of Thomas Kincaid paintings is bringing out my inner arsonist.
IKnowCensorshipIsWrongButCanWeMakeAnException?
My grandparents came to church matching..
Can't wait to move out this Hell House so I can get a descent couple hours of sleep !
make that two RT : I might be having one of my 'i hate everything' days
Jordan says these are difficult times.
She talks about Garcia's indictment for allegedly steering a nobid contract to a Houston woman
!!
RT Eggfast burritos is so good...winning right now hahah
followed!
Thank you!
ThingsIWantTheMost: to be able to start paying all my bills by myself before I turn 18.
Hell ya!
historian lol?
The LA Riots was in 92, we was all around during the Rodney King beating
At Late Night With And The Boys !
:
They should at least be civil and not fight..
No more blood baths
The fall TV season will be starting soon!
Which shows are you looking forward to seeing?
Peaceful Litigation Settlement  Can also include marital agreements such as pre and post nuptials.
Looking for more twitter followers...
FollowMe and I will follow you..Thanks!
Happy Valentines Day 3 love you guys!
In 3 days ill be in VEGAS BABY!!
I'm in the mood for some ziti
Good lord.
When will news organizations remove the technology grandpa term Cyber from their vocabulary?
I'm looking at you
Here's to the nights I won't remember with the friends ill never forget 3
I want to go see the HungerGames tomorrow night!
I wouldn't tell Abed, he's pretty ruthless.
Getting my shower in and off the tucc.
The boy studies with  practice makes perfect :
exactly what I needed!
contact Shametra she is on one of the committee's and should be able to help you contact someone.
Hope this helps.
Thanks we deserve to be treated that way 3 just like you treat Sarah :
110,339 Total Votes at Present For Favorite New Country Band of November....
with leading slightly.
Best to all Contestants!
Learn more about becoming a 2010 Walk to Empower sponsor at our Corporate Breakfast on 11/5/09  8:00 a.m.
at the Daniels Fund.
stop tryna pull a fast one.
The world won't end in 2012 because my yoghurt expires in 2013.
If you can't be at tonight's town hall, follow the hash tag wonk for tweets from us  the AmericanU community.
after seeing that I can kinda understand where DoD is coming from.
No doubt those are the guys pushing the Amero.
we are already following , but great recommendation!
Rude 20somethings wanted me to stop and answer their questions/survey on the street.
Thank you...
a tough day so I needed a little inspiration.
CNN is saying that the GOP have a media bkaming' problem.
I just have a problem with CNN period.!!!!!!
Go to hell MSM!!!!!!!
My new ambition will require a lot of dedication, and may cost me friends and family but its worth it
how original
A Place Pictures just shot our first commercial!
Im just sick of it
Then my best friend and the same two chicks asked me if I was a virgin.
When I said yes they laughed.
My freakin' best friend laughed at me.
Hey so did you see my comment on Instagram?
Do you miss your hair?
Looool my condolences.
You know I am always down to hang out!
smooth and safe travels to ya!
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
delete the ap and redownload
I'm gonna creep on to wake her up.
girl ur lucky...have fun scream ALOT!!!
concert Ollie's thanks for coming our way tonight
Oh...
what a Monday.
Pastor Winans to the musicians...you know it...ok...come on.....
Definitely have met people who don't like ketchup...never anyone that doesn't like BBQ sauce.
lol ugh im so bored
haha.
Not if kobe doesn't get in the game.
They might get beat by 20 lmao
i love when people talk about my relationship.
w00t!
Empower yourself by fighting back!
RT If I could wave a magic wand and do one thing, I would empower women.
Condoleezza Rice
Never seen so many iPads in my life
Lmao some guys brought toy swords to play with!
:o
great show in Cincinnati, Ohio last night!
Love 'em!!
Maegan has the keenest eye for fashion details
The more money we make the more problems we see Diddy
you were my 1000th follow!
also my saab rules all...
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere?
'Hold my purse.'
Taking the scenic route back home
Thank you.
To you as well.
:
I was a wasted walking baby giraffe last night.
: here's to the kids who are sluts.Me 3333333
He Said No .
No more history.
Please.
I don't care.
or should I say all grown up?
HA!
so dark so early...time to gym shop
Thx!
RT: I wish I could go to wgi this weekend to see They are amazing.
Instead I'm going to doctorms next week.
Panksepp is one of my heros.
I wrote about him in my dissertation.
Good article on slate you RTed.
Off to a late Oktoberfeststyle beer tasting party thrown by the gracious No better way to spend a fall evening.
Thanks for the RT!
Would you be willing to cover our RIFT red carpet premier/theatrical release to your site and do an Exclusive
If it cannot be us, let it be our childoctorn who lead us to peace.
I suppose I have illegitimate brain babies all over town...it's impossible, in LA, to keep one's hilarity to herself.
nice!
and very accurate as far as i can tell  very, very cool
looked stunning tonight on reunion!
teamphiphi top3 and phuck the haters!
Congrats Sharon Needles!
Everything in Moderation...
except for coffee!
:
did I forget to mention these are my jeans for yard work?!
Oops...
My bad!
you better ;
Absolutely.
RT : 84 degrees in Chicity.
It would be wrong not to find somewhere to doctornk outside, no?
Picked a good day to stop at Dilly Cafe in Mariemont, OH  just tapped Avery Maharaja!
Holy hops, Batman!
Texas2ATL Ok time to do shows in the ATL  The Hit  The SouthDallasSwag Dance is really on fiya here SERIOUSLY wurk time.
Tim Thomas is a douche for refusing to go to White House for Stanley Cup day.
If a D did that to R Pres.
they would say he hates America.
going to mira loma to look at a house
Big time SALUTE to my lil brother for his grad frm BenedictCollege today!!
PLS RT
older would be nicer!
hey brendan what's up ?
:D what's going on ?xD
Happy weekend, everyone!
Dont expect to finance 25,000.00 with no money down for 60 months at 400.00/mo.
Even at 0 interest
Also, being a writer who never wins Scrabble reminds me of being the only nerd in high school who couldn't win at chess.
why thank you, you guys are not the far, if i take a trip, i will call ahead...Cheers!
Happy Friday :
Whats your favorite dish at Big City Tavern?
Good thing Sadie is sleeping right now.
She would be going crazy with all of these runners running through our alley and down the street.
RT : Grow a strong local economy.
Build a healthy community.
Support Local Independent Business.
Keep it local.
measure behavior, not aggregation, on Facebook and Twitter.
Clicking a like button is not a blood oath.
get over it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to this year's parade what a fun day!
Most depressing moment is when my dog just looks at me and I know he's in pain but I can't do a thing to help
: ESPN is reporting that hurt his ring finger.
What ring?!
Quitness
I love showing up to the laundoctor room right after someone who owns a cat :
hahaha...sorry.Hey, sorry I haven't called back this evening.
Got caught up w/ shit  was exhausted.
Will call tomorrow!
xo
and that's a bad thing??
;
bahaha!
Too funny
just woke up from a really weird and fucked up doctoram.
I've been watching too many sci fi shows
got work...
N goin back at 4:30...
N of course I'm changing....
Cuz bitch imma boss...
Irish up by 7.
Let's finish this shit
one love Scott.
So...I was just at The Grove.
I saw Ariana Grande, Paris Hilton, Latoya Jackson, a star whose name I can't remember, and Matt Bennett!
Sometimes it's easier to just let go and move on.
hi, i'm awkward.
I did.
For the same reason.
Its a'ight.
:p CV
He'd pull it off perfectly
without braces equals an Angel 3 he got them off at 10:49 in Chicago time :
playing the waiting game...
Thanks!
I always make the most of it.
Definitely look for pictures upon my return :
Up early to go with and watch my Dad's taping of the 700 Club.
do whatever you want but never settle for less
NEW OPENING seeking Top 40 bands 4 to 6 piece that specialize in hit music from the 50s to today, all styles Must have a promotional video
Not everyone is born good or evil!
Sometimes it's nurture that turns them either way.
Jealous you're playing skyrim.
playing around with my rsum design at work today.
why Cleveland?
Woke up sick.
This came out of nowhere.
And I'm not happy about it.
iWish He'd Talk To Me /:
: That is what I said.
You are very welcome :
Josh Hamiltoninsanity!
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done, I'm loving every minute of it.
Living as citizens of King Jesus is hard.
It is not supposed to be easy, Jesus Died.
Ahaha Uu Ah Foo RT : then we ship it outta town call it safe sex ha
Thanks for including us!
After 1 plate of filipino food, i have the urge to run it off
Lord Junior year over....cant believe ima b a senior again, time is flying
Standards higher than kites.
sign up with the link provided...it will save you some cash!
pinterest used to be fun and original, now it seems like a lot of advertising.
:
Thx for posting headlines from the mtg last night.
I couldn't make it
Holding an iPhone 4S, I dont understand why I've used a BlackBerry for the past 4 yrs.
This really redefines smartphone for me.
Does anyone know if an author of an idea in a copyrighted novel retains the intellectual rights?
?
Got a state of mind right now...
grindseason whereyourAgame?
Santorum data from Jan  before his surge.
MT : Santorum behind GOP candidates in social media
Music is the soundtrack of your life.
Dick Clark.
3 RIP Dick Clark.
New Years Eve Will Never Be The Same.
3
So you think you can hang with the big names on the Mic?
..but you jus can't afford quality sound recording..
Hit me up!
Omg today is where they are doing cheap tattoos but it's in Orlando ugh I wanna get me a tattoo :/
This bitch is so fuckin loud  it's 7:19 am
Got a code worth 20 active right now!
Use code: twitter20
if you're in the Allen session, hang out afterwards to say hi!
So sleepy.
Can I just nap for the rest of the last twenty minutes at my desk?
I thinks a great pick up.
Another weapon
Im taking my mom out to brunch.
First we have to find the right hotel.
There are WAY too many Rosens on one road in Orlando :P
just back from a recording session for next record  amazing stuff on the horizon!
is working some magic!
why does MLB history always have to happen against the O's.
At least Cal making history was positive
Can't wait ANY longer for the game!

we'll reply back w/ instructions.
My web guy thinks ur spam folder got it, either way if u signed up you'll get tix
send me your email and ill send some samplels
No, see, that's not how it works.
I take one side, you take the other one.
And I took the anticutest dog side.
Living is naturally hell, we have to work to put a smile on
Having my own private roflolcon this weekend called Ben prepares his presentation for AIC
Double espresso!
It's been quite a busy work week Love it!!!!
I just bit the bullet and got a 10 Galaxy tablet lol
I am OC tonight.
I am an American citizen.
Looking for a three column wordpress theme with video capabilities in the header.
Anyone???
Love you guys!
Farm on!
Bobcats took some snooze juice in the locker room.damn,they were doing so good too.
I just want to acknowledge the general grooviness of and my community of tweeps.
Love to you all.
What else is possible?!
Any suggestions for twitter follows?
Any type of class/athletics/ or people who take/teach classes will do!
saw your message today on FF and WWIM for junior academy  great place to start  next would be journal and Winning Golf.
I am in LOVE with 's song Outlaws of Love It is so beautiful!!!!
Well i don't mind i can be a bit of both
what your biggest fear
so how good is Cam Newton?
torched us packers for 400 yards
Bmore what'd up!
cam was right daamm jay stole lyrics from almost everyone in the game ...
and pple worship jay smh blinded
Most misleading stat ever...
it's cool no worries I don't feel like complaining
nice good to hear keep doing great work and keep me posted
Kimberly Castle Attending Lingerie Football League Tryout  PR Web
If you don't go after what you want you'll never have it If you don't ask the answer is always no.
Flipboard on the iPad is my favorite latenight app.
not sure if it's sweet or lame that I'm watching your last ever JRIB at 10 on a Friday night.
When does your CBS show start?
Everyone's a producer/DJ now...
Had a ball!
ya back!
: love you friend!
We always have so much fun when we go out
definitely way cooler than planking!
Great presentation!
you love it don't deny
Not fancy but DELICIOUS.
Nothing happens fast here but if you like fresh food and home cooked meals, you will be happy.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day to all the educators out there!
Have you thanked a teacher today?
Finally going to earn a jetsetter badge on 4sq!!
Happy Friday!
And a special happy birthday to my bro !!
Love you man!!
Youngsters who show respect 
i am SO excited for next year!
finishyear is going to be so amazing!
expecting great things to happen!
or the needs of kids who are on wait lists for charters....in the end its about putting the interest of kids above all else
This is one of my unending complaints that I am SURE my friends and professorssors are tired of hearing about.
But it keeps being a problem.
For some reason seeing Bernie Lomax corpse gets me in the mood for Rocky Rococos pizza tho
yaa!
Can't wait to see you  we need to get that collab on!
Just a reminder for everyone, without me, its just aweso.
Myles Kennedy doing an admirable job singing with
Reason 10 to love the BBA: Be an individual w/ our clothing boutiques, find unique pieces  discover the story behind the brand.
Truth...big problem in the Motherland.
When can we go to Angola and help them?
Fuck this middle east b.s.
Q: Why is air a lot like sex?
A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
u know u looking at some new ones too.
ReasonsYouGetStabbed You're a tbone steak.
All Night Getting Wasted Like A Motherfucka!
Just got off work now chillin wit my babe :
: Someone could offer me a million dollars to not pee on the seat of a moving bus and I'd lose every time.
I will refraine from doctorping the obligatory He's a balla line Damn I just did it.
Todd you're scaring us!
RT : Not relishing the idea of my face being several feet tall on screen!
I shared the original convo with my bf, he astutely said you don't get to insert a smiley face for someone else
: I don't deal with anyone I tweet..
If you see us tweeting, we are not fucking..
FYI  y'all gotta chill
Ladies Entry 5 EVERY WEDNESDAY!
ALL NIGHT LONG!
Also, Holiday Party going on now...come eat!
Or be with
superman wears his pajamas
What a Lovely New York day...
typical rainy day.
Arrived in DC this afternoon for IAJGS 2011!
Looking forward to a great conference!
I miss your touch and I miss your smile.
Apparently when you just get water  ask for lemon and sugar they know what you're doing...
This is the software craftsmanship movement
Why is it every move I make turns out to be a bad one where's my guardian angel?
Need one wish I had one.
I know it is Christmas, but I am looking forward to the new year.
Change is good.
whoa whoa whoa!
I don't appreciate ya'll comin at me like this!
I am a sweet little angel
: You never hear the sound of the refrigerator until it stops.
Appreciate things while you got them.
AlbumAvailable: Now!!
My Sword My Shield DebutAlbum Mixed  Mastered By
Shout out to our 700th follower !
Have something special planned for tomorrow's classes...
Game 6 performances: Pou Gasol 3 points.
Marc Gasol has 23 points already tonight.
Who could've guessed that Marc would be more valuable?
Does anyone else think stafford is like that awkward smelly cousin that you try not to sit next to at Christmas?
although wearing purple while writing does make you write faster, I've done extensive tests!
;
At the smoke shop,DUQUE
Santorum knows how to say inevitable, but doesn't want to alienate southern voters by correctly pronouncing a four syllable word...
good for you girl!
Yay!
I miss your shortlived previous blog.
I need more snark in my life.
Wish I was sharing in this experience with that special someone.
At least you got it.
They usually don't even bother ringing my buzzer and instead I have to go get it at the warehouse.
Fairly certain the Chancery menu was written by someone on speed.
Or midway through a seizure.
If Tim Tebow has good mechanics than mine must be out of this world amazing
ahh yes don't blame you at all haha I know i'm meeting up with Wes  Manny there so even if you wanna chill, come by!
Come on C's...settlein and get it going here...
IF YOU 3 ME 3 ME UNCONDITIONAL...
My macbook is so old, crappy and slow, it even times out and unexpectedly quits when I restart/shut down :
NSMN If sports leagues don't play there will be too many ad dollars chasing too few GRPs.
haha no worries!
I've been following your tweets regardless of your tardiness :
Cute screenames.
I guess I didn't think thru using their names.
nowplaying ..
Fooled Me Again
I wonder if Nevaeh is going to call and tell me HMD..she's probably still sleep tho
please!
: inspire me to finish my paper
I love Harry from It's so amazing how cute he is.
It has to be the cheeks!
Sorry Clay, that tweet went out early  the badge can be earned during the Fest!
Church is the only organization that exists for its nonmembers Evangelist John Wilkinson
What I really want is an app to make it simple and fun to do homework!
I'm glad you're hearing good stuff.
Feel free to come by to check it out!
cc
Lmao she knows.
hahahaha what a great class!
great words!
Daniel Willingham's book Why Students Don't Like School talks abt having just the right amount of challenge.
: you too!
Hi mister.
Llorens!
Thanks!
Its great to hear from you.
Enjoy your day Sis!
lmao I ain't even gone comment on that!
And a SoupyTwist to you !
RT : The two best big men in the NBA are the two most immature dudes in the league.
All ready for my two day work week!
aww thanks Becca!
Love ya to!
:
email me at qbsgraphicsgmailcom...
send details and image.
Not to be confused with the similarsounding cocoa tree, who's leaves are processed and synthesized into cocaine.
I added some reverb, so it doesn't naturally have the echo effect, but it sounds awesome wherever you play it!
Lol...don't you hate when you ask a question and you think you asked it first and Ari's answers someone's elses same question??!
:
Those were the days, I miss my crazy USAA stressed out binges too...
I was thinking Prohibitionist.
Starting to plan trip to Brazil in December: ten days.
We got our tickets to PA3 in the DOME on Friday at 10:45.
Looking forward to hearing the crowd scream!
come over to work in the yard or pick things if you want this summer!
:
everyone i hope you know im not the official angel.
this is kind of a fan twitter for her.
NoHate my real twitter is :
i wokeup yesterday..
now i dont wanna talk about it
Well...next time you're in town, We are bad at planning.
I used to have the same prob in dallas
doctoramt about a work party in which Tina Fey asked for my card and Maya Rudolph held my purse while I looked for it.
This is my life.
Last week's Friday Faculty Fest with Rev.
Otis Moss I was a fantastic workshop.
Thanks to all who attended!
incredible story to read of an entrepreneurial spirit such as this one.
These kids today are amazing.
: Omg here these girls start with there little kid doctorma lmfaoo right like back the fuck up uglysss lmfaoo!
Since its the season of giving I think I'll give out a ass whoopin
Who's partying in south beach tonight?
Hello everyone, in just days we will have our site fully operational, goals: to win offices with Independent Thinkers, Chicagoans.
The word listen contains the same letters as the word silent.
Alfred Brendel
people who say whatev or whatevs, will never be
asking myself the same thing
Let's go Buccos!
You think I should get a rocking chair at work?
Who's better: alabama or LSU?
What's anticipated for what some people are calling one of the best games all season?
...
u have the best twitter professorle pic ever..
We always like to add to our sub list.
That's where we get our teachers from.
Send resumes to !
Hey , Think the debacle will turn into Komen, round 2?
Hoping yes, so they can clean house!
It looks like Hugo and TheArtist will be slugging it out all night long.
Can anyone recommend a good, reliable cleaning lady in Bmore, who would come up to the Mt Washington/Pikesville area?
keep on the wine and you will be the party.
Just don't fall off the bar when dancing on it!
Thank you for the follow !
:
Oregon received a letter of inquiry.
Well that narrows down my college choices a little bit.
Buying a new pony!
RT : What do Soler and Co.
plan on doing with large allocation money for Agudelo btw?
: rock my world!
is it because I'm a geologist?!
HurricaneIrene a Category 2 hurricane making landfall.
Power outages expected
And on that note I'll take a water
I called you a douche.
I wouldn't be flattered by that.
You should have spelled stupid stoopid I would have appreciated it.
cristal bear loves you!
no thanks
Life is FULL of ups and downs , just have to pick yourself up and be strong and be thankful for everything you have.
arentyoutiredof not having a job?
We can't help you that.
Sorry.
excited for 3rd period tomorrow!
I had a weird ass doctoram last night
I miss ya already cutestufffffs.
I love you so so very much.
vermicompetition  a race to see which worms eat the most in a compost.
I also agree with that.
I also am hoping for a new American star to step up soon.
Lights, camera, action!
Can't find a live subject who's glamorous?
Improvise.
Find shots in a catalog or magazine  shoot.
Will be reunited with my best friend later!
If you like JB, check out my page Justin Bieber on Facebook!!!
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
We reported this on Sunday's show.
Graphic said Sam Maresh, IU's Jerimy Finch and PSU's A.J Price are not returning.
I'm so glad I've never read the phrase You Are What You Tweet on my Twitter feed.
Thanks, everyone.
You're alright!
What wholesaler in Sacramento carries your product?
Lame nigga be quite
I hope that French girl comes back someday.
I'll ask her to say cheeseburger.
Don't you turn my nightmares into doctorams again
Sometimes You Have To make Sacrifices in Life in order to be Successful...
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, we've been following you for a while!
hahahhaha oh man am I funny or what?
Goodtimes
some things just never change..
de Freitas: why games are so motivating: they map well against larger human behavior
is bitterly disappointed by her school  I do have a Phd you know!
coming!
In August
: thanks for your help, and for having great ideas.
You act as if you're perfect when you're far from it.
Heyo Enid!
just back from 2 weeks in the Great North sans email or twitter.
How goes the awesomeness that is ?
RT Bourbon o'clock, y'all.
Oregon lost a double header to the Watertown Goslings....That hurt!!
FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT MY LOVE FOR GOD and MY CHILD IS FOR EVER...
XoXo
: Egg producers fund study confirming the health benefits of eggs AND THE WINNER OF MOST EXCITING TWEET IS.....
Know late to the game, but installed git and made first commit to a repository.
Getting my ZF REST API codebase together for blog post.
and all your doctorams sharing with me and your secrets baring with me and the flaws, you aint even got to mention to me
I still have faith in this series.
But we HAVE to start playing!
is that some kinda rodent thing?
Whoever wrote songs on Get Rich Or Die Trying album needs to come out of retirement and help a nigga out.....
will be this friday from 58pm signing autographs!!!
Finally learning how to retouch a persons face via Photoshop and Gimp.
Lesson one: changing lip color and eye color.
Abc family just bleeped out misterwilson saying the letters GD in dennis the menace.
I am furious.
They ruined my favorite line.
my case just hella saved my phone just now..
ay protect your smart phones people it's worth it!
That's a good question!
It should, though I bet they overlooked this.
I am making this shit happen for the 13th.
Very insightful!
RT : love that nonverbal cues can tell the real story!
Reading NonVerbal Communication in UX...
I Ain't One Of Them Lol
coffee  ice cream sandwich :
i get bored easily.!
: This is so upsetting!
As a book nerd, I might be overreacting, but I thought there were a few good novels to choose from.
So looking forward to it!
MT: Luckily  I are already coming in!: 20 off all bottles of wine
YA THINK THESE FUCKIN COCKS WILL HOLD US???
She reads too many novels.
Thanks for ReTweeting.
I...um...that sounds odd.
Rebounds were split at 43
Getting Nipples pierced tomorrow holy fucking nervous omgaawwd!!
Newbury Street: BlueberryLemon froyo hits the machines and raspberry topping is back!
Come visit and make this sunny day even sweeter!
As I type this tweet on my MacBook I think how Steve Jobs impacted my life.
I counted on his vision  feel the loss of him in a personal way
it's a very informative program
Thanks for the follow!
We're trying to promote the idea that views extend beyond labels!
heehee your cute.
I'm signing off for the day/night Can't believe it.
He was only 46, and in great health.
Why did he just suddenly die like that?
who's that??
Lol
That test was easy gladd u taugh us well
is there a icehouse chronicles tonight ?!?!
Usher is the shizzle and TWO CHAINZ is the best thing ever!!
RIP to and his homie alex vega.two good ppl gone in an instant.his words Thumbs up Pinkies down
R.I.P.
MCA clownin funky fresh up in heaven
Seriously 0 for 2 today.
Today needs to be over.
Have I mentioned I still have to run 5 miles home bc Im without transportation.
welcome Emily tks for connecting, pleased ur reading our book.
your book title is irresistible Effective Immediately.
I keep it on and poppin!
97 out of 100 homes have a smoke alarm, more than 33 are unprotected bc the smoke alarms don't work.
Change your battery today!
It's a beautiful day outside to watch the Knicks get eliminated.
He down mike
To say that this is the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
you are so lucky xo
Some really good writing there, man.
Not easy to write about Patpong and keep it fresh, but you certainly did.
What a show!
Feeling blessed to share the stage with such amazing performers.
Thanks to them and to all who came to support
i love you!!!!!
You dnt have to follow me but cn you rt : 3
it is a fee hun!
Got my Ubuntu converted laptop online!!
Netgear WNA1000M micro USB adapter worked straight out of the box.
Goin home to see my baby :
Pretty much off book for my newest role in Freedom Summer.
It's a great  educational piece.
Absolutely amazing.
Glad to be a part of it.
But you don't wanna get burned!
You wanna get tan.
Did I just eat too much chocolate?
sounds like the perfect title to my autobio
Also so proud of the Nets tonite!!!
looked so damn cold at the end
Ham.
Nice throw dude.
How is everyone this evening/morning/afternoon/night?
life could be a lot more fair if we worked together for a more balanced country.
Tell your 9 year not to lose hope.
Your learners want conversation more than prescription!
Let's help them!
Exciting things are happening at Owneraide headquarters
Yeah!
Tampa beats Caps 42.
Thanks for that!
Amazing weekend topped off with a fantastic meal so good!
Grape  goat cheese salad  corn bread perfection.
Finally seeing hungergames tonight.
Oh yeah
Do you want to be our Valentine?
:
UNACCEPTABLE.
RT : This is Milwaukee, kids.
You may not spell Bob Uecker's name wrong.
Got another customer hooked on after demo'ing it at their office yesterday.
Welcome to the Cloud!
True.
Outside the frame was a picture of a lady's legs with panties around the ankles.
Lest we think it's a pet grooming salon.
VIP at the MGK concert
rad!
thanks.
also: more places should follow the lead of ...
just sayin'...
After a few thoughts, I suppose some of my disrespectful tweets are about religion and politics.
: MBTA Red Line trains are skipping Central Square due to a suspicious package at 625 Mass Ave.
Damn near don't care what you think anymore means nothing to me never have.
This isn't just out of anger
Sometimes I pretend that I don't care.
But really, I care more than anyone else ever will.
Big Josh got doctorfted!!!
is about to beat the shit out of Finlay!
Also, Sam's being old and sitting down 
pictchas of your new hair???
are they up anywhere?
Just murdered another joint produced by for
yup my last year : thank god.
but i still need summer school, so im graduating in augst.
They seem to listen when you're dead.
Soo....
Over 270 people attended the SIS Networking Reception last night.
What a great way to wrap up SIS Career Week!
hey.
Thanx for the follow.
Have a great day
Interesting historical perspective, Jonathan!
hey hey hey, dont pull the mean card on me.
:3
how stunning!
i love moleskine journals!
What if today was just a doctoram ?
And my doctoram was actually real ?
O.o
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come.
Victor Hugo
Being a kind, liberal soul, I'm hoping for prison for you, Ted.
At oreganos..
Yummy
Went to SushiMon on Silverado and Maryland.
It's a busy place!
Everyone seems to like it.
27 All you Can Eat.
Well thank you for the support.
I truly appreciate it.
Its an edgy read but I've only gotten good feedback so I hope you enjoy it
Did I really just hear THE GOSSIP on a DIOR commercial?
The same Gossip who played The Way Out Club in '01 or so?
Where have I been?
tomorrow night
Just had a sword fight with while deciding what our new interior design/office layout should be.
Fun Friday?
Every day I smoke weed and look at twitter.
Today it kind of feels like everyone is looking at me.
Say NO to this rainy day and come hang at Murray Hill TONIGHT!!
New Smyrna Tomorrow!!
with von Wolfe and Frameworks!
LiesPeopleAlways Tell ...sorry I stopped texting you...I fell asleep.
Just say the truthyou were tired  didn't want to talk anymore!
Wish the descendants of the Mayans were professorting off 2012 the way programmers professorted off
From our VO talent: If all the studios could run their ships like you do, the v.over community would bow down and kiss lilipips feet.
Woot!
do you sell individual 1.3oz packets of sticky toffee buns  ?
I'm feeling noncommital.
one minute you like me the next you don't, gosh boy you need to make up your mind!
Consuming vegetables and fruits may reduce the risk of Alzheimer, show studies in the United States and Japan.
The man behind the hottest beats of B.E.A.S.T.
music: FOLLOW
Brb Like Anyone cares
Same for !
I wish you guys delivered!
Who is this?
Thank you for advertising the Meisner workshop for Thursday :
What's with all the ankle injuries I've seen today?
Its like everyone played ball against me this weekend
I can help.
you can email me at valerie.lopez at cision dot com
May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions.
Joey Adams
not an old man...
Just preparing for the night ahead
doctornk alot of water the day before or got get stinger buzz from a smoke shop
Heads up...
SpeedTrap!
7 patrol cars/bikes on Stone Way from 45th to 34th
OK up and working on Korngold songs today!!!
soo many ppl r saying just find another friend.
everyones sayin that from wat they hear, shes a bad friend but shes not..
A new CQ Weekly cover story on cybersecurity by yours truly is due out Monday...
In the future, textbooks will be made obsolete by snappy infographics.
CNNDebate Did Gingrich just say the Defense committee?
If you didn't see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind and your big mouth.
Such a party!
I'm sorry.
I think we've been hacked :/
stop complain its too hot
The weather in Seattle has actually been very nice when the NPC cochairs during site visits.
:
As much as I love Jimmy Nielsen and SKC, I'm a little ticked that some tshirt designer jacked the Rapinoe hair shirt idea.
I agree with you..
I was underwhelmed  disappointed...but I did my good deed to support the overall concept
Wish I could be there for that lunch!
great seeing you today and its on the way.
Watching the survivors survive.
They are the real heroes.
just got word of a show at a place called 2 Old Hippies for Saturday:
S.C.H.O.O.L Seven Crapy Hours Of Our Lifes
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Emerald City
Rumor has it You were rolling in the deep with someone else.
yeah we could've had it all.
But you pist me of I set the rain on fire.
It's naivety and ignorance more than anything.
If they do a quick Google search they'd find out more than they need to know
People wack and funny .
Come spend time with me in NYC!
Or, can we have a Skype date and discuss what its like to live in cities other than LA?
We'd definitely be into having our music featured on your station.
Let us know if you need some mp3 or wav.
files
For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death, certainly we shall be in the likeness of His resurrection; Rom 6:5 EMTV
A Batchelder fireplace and a chicken coop for under 500k in Eagle Rock!
House included!
World cup icon.
VIVA BRA :
You are a delight to have tea with!
Thank you for following me on this journey!
: 
cause I don't answer the phone.
Kita I don't keep up with my phone during the day.
I'm sorry :
The mere imparting of information is not education; ...the effort must result in making a man think and do for himself.
Carter G.
Woodson
We will find a way to get to Haiti.
We just need everyone to keep the chapter in prayer.
We must help out!!
Holy cow....that was bad...
hey whatsup?
3 way hangout tomorrow?
Er wait what?
Mushroom tip.
I just got that!
haha
This My Song .
.
Trey SongzHeart Attack , 3333
RT if you love your VEGAS fans!!
: follow back??
I feel like i've just experienced a huge loss.
What a weird day.
Just fucking met Hayden!!
LADIES WE HAVE SUN doctorSSES AND SANDALS!!!!
don't listen to !!!
You can kill yourself : it's okay 3
So true.
this week is gonna go by really slow
people are already calling and Austin isnt even in yet...
MAHOMIES GO BIG!
...
IM CALLING BUT LINES R ALL BUSY :
Stop clicking on sites you no nothing about!
To much spam!
Man the torpedoes!
RT : Big cheers for all diving into ScriptFrenzy today!
Remember to breathe, curse and ignore the delete key.
You can do it!
Staring down the barrel of the working parents' nightmare: outoftown client meeting vs.
Kindergarten concert.
went in to rite aid with 300 to get my meds and cum out with 25 HIM was piss......so now who going to do my hair for 25 lol
RT : Let's play fill in the blank.
Matt Cassel is not a starting QB in the NFl.
Just sayin...
Glad I'm not a chiefs fan.
Bledsoe was a class act and always played his heart out.
Looking forward to him getting in the Pats HOF
to whom r they talking?
The GOP has trashed this President for 4 years.
Those who supported POTUS before have tuned them OUT
ah i still need graduation shoes
What can I do to work on a Rodoctorguez film set?
working now
OKC got this
We are redeploying our assets is a favorite quote of money managers.
Buying opportunities have been created.
Really?
Sell short.
Yes, 2010/2011 in social with : There is a group of formerCMers that try to get together when we can.
Can someone explain how the yankees let go of Alfredo Aceves, a proven pitcher, and ended up with the likes of Buddy Carlyle?
No matter how you spin it, you loss this round!!
The people won!
Is hungry
Cosentino: Not the end of the world if you didn't get through the whole case.
But you need to be able to summarize.
I am all about layers!
Give me a nude lip pencil,peachy nude lipstick, and a high shine sheer beige gloss and im ready to ROCK!
Just how much is enough?
I'm not in the mood to do anything anymore.
My damn eyes burning
This is shaping up to be the best birthday weekend ever.
Had a doctoram I couldn't sleep; woke up less than rested.
Stealing from urban outfitters is so easy it should be a crime.
81 degrees and three industry tastings to attend...I think I can handle that!
WhyDoIAlways want to be like anyone else
So, apparently NSP was voted Best OffLoop Theatre Company in the Chicago Reader reader's poll!
holycrap notsurehowthathappened!
Tweets from this account are managed by
open access is logical synchs with mission.
Not just content but process, standards, workflow.
GoTribe You can't win them all
Wear your Red tie!
RT : Good news: Got a spot on the March 21 smbmad event!
UWSocial bad news: I think I'm waiting tables
I'm not with her.
Makingthenexthit getting these beats together hope yall ready
A 1st ever trip to Caputos market was amazing!
Beef tend for 4.99lb, incredible produce section, pasta, cheeses and everyone spke italian!
How can you improve your brand management?
Hey Craig thanks for the retweet
See us on the web at onewayquartet.com
Unrelenting; Relentless; Carbon Copy; Proceed; Restart; Phoenix; Infinity Roulette
like humans, it's what's on the INSIDE that counts.
Or something like that.
high five received!
:
Did you find someone or cancel right away?
I'm on the fence.
Almost want to hold out just to have a genuine love story.
Polls have closed, results should come in as fast as a twister in Fond Du Lac County
Soulmates are people who bring out the best in you.
They are not perfect but they are always perfect for you.
Unknown
you're welcome.
: xx
Thanks for the follow !
Clever bio brotha.
Judge Payne: It's not just managing to data, it's wisely using the data to help our workers with their critical thinking
Today is our General Manager, Todd Burek's birthday!
He'll be in the pro shop this afternoon.
Stop by and say Happy Birthday!
thank you
Tired as fuck.
federator crew in rehearsal for your friday night party with legacy  magic room in brighton, ma!
So, I heard you're ditching me tomorrow...
Hi Chitra, hope you had fun last night  hope we'll see you again next month.
: yea , got shot at a all white party back home he was only home for a few days man ...
in n.o??...
or la...
Nuvolt Corporation Announces the Conclusion of a Sale Agency Agreement with ...
MarketWatch
no kidding!
or even gum!
that sounds like a really good initial avenue for sharing it out.
RT From Iran: I have one vote.
I gave it to Moussavi.
I have one life.
I will give it for Freedom.
Impromptu speeches...
Yuck!
Maybe I should celebrate Fat Tuesday a bit before I go to class
Yeah, we have a few here in Milwaukee.
Super cool stuff.
Your trip is creeping closer and closer!
lightbulb cartel?!
How many other products were/are controlled like the lightbulb?
Ill crack the whip up on a bitch!
Kinda wish i had BC2 for pc.
Looks a bit fun
In this case if the Lakers win on Friday the series begins and ends the same night
RT Single UX: things that need to work, do.
All others are unexpected delights in the current context, at least to me.
Some lessons be pretty tough.
Don't worry too much about score.
Make sure you're learning from feedback.
Good luck!
Google is a place men is a place men talk about being on Google says MAMSummit :0
Open at 10am starting today!!
lol.
That seems to be how it goes.
Well if you need anything, please let us know!
I hope everyone had a good Valentines Day if your one who celebrates it!
BiTCHED THREAT WiT DAT CHiT CHATiN.!!
belated thanks!
it's still an issue, but at least there is some perception of equal access.
ideally we get more space soon too
Haha I'll keep that in mind.
I don't really know what I'll find later on before winter starts
No in flight wi fi.
Missing MNF and a great world series game.
delta fail.
yes.
For real.
FYI he played the murderer in the final episode of perry mason
ugh I know..
lmao you saw what he said right ?!
First day of rain in San Antonio since i been here!
Actually feels pretty good!
officially  doctorve like an asshole day in SF
Who doesn't love reading cozy books in bed?
Best experience ever just before you doze off to sleep and doctoram novels.
For Honda, Next Accord Must be a Hit
Woohoo!
Have a good time.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life.
Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
YES YES AND YES!
do you know the location of the SD doctorbar?
I use to feel like a little kid when I texted you; but now I don't break my neck to text BC you make me feel unwanted.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Ralf Waldo Emerson
Late USA surge fails.
Knock on.
This should do it
My neighbor's having a party.
two of his friends were on it with me taking about getting to' up at their work christmas party.
Douches.
Isn't it weird that the government is trying to pass a bill where u can lose your citizenship with the enemy expatriation act?
Rest in Peace MCA a.k.a.
Adam Yauch of the
With honey bees, most of the 'intelligence' lies in the colony, not the individual; they don't live independently, and aren't meant to.
lp
because that's my name for 25 years.
:
Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words.
QUESTION ABOUT BOOKING, DM'S..
promoting fairuse as a 1st Amendment right for educators and librarians; recounting history of DMCA exemptions
Good seasons for IU and Marquette.
Man, i hope the Brewers and Marlins are good
thanks for the suggestions.
will pass along.
Lol they're plying love like woe in mcdonalds
Fuck that doctorg test !
That is too funny Alpana!
Not my typical passover libations!
Really neat social technology builtin to electronic cigarettes!
Congratulations to BluCigs CEO Jason Healy.
As a teen, left w/ a baguette a day at a hostel in Paris.
As an adult, thanks to credit cards if budget plans fall through
The childoctorn had a great, handson learning time with farm animals that Farmer Frank brought in on Thursday and Friday
I'm still mad that I didn't get you in my class last year, Steph.
I hope you're doing well.
in the summer!
What did the deer say after he left the gay bar?
I can't believe I just blew 50 bucks in there!
Time for holiday shopping.
Ditch big corporate companies  support small businesses
Anarchocapitalism in one lesson: mister KoolAid, tear down this wall.
That's so cool!!!
Please check out the site...
only a few days left for the fans to surprise the Saints!
www.worldchampionfans.com
My new twitter name is punny
Tweet  TripleDslaughterHouse  NOW!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didn't know what the hell was up with all the hashtags!
10 episodes...but who is the 10th main character?
Picture only shows 9 characters!
Maybe Oscar?
going to bed now.
hopefully some, if not all, of my weekend plans work out.
movies and dinner with raven on saturday?
fingers crossed
Just got started at tocchicago listening to digital transitions from print
Let's start a countdown!
8monthstillVegas What are you planning to do while you're here?
Good thing the Blazers have Sean Marks.
Right?
My wife goes more googoo gaga over him than any of the players.
Me too actually.
Seems like I have done more Chinese weibo than tweets in maybe the past year.
S/o to the dumb fuk i so stupidly marriednfor ruining my godam day :
ONRAYJ'SIPOD momma said knock u out
:D high five !
Arent ya doin' the uniforms one ?:
I'm serious lmao
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze magazine!
Lifesstuff progress is needed everyday
RT!
The winds of grace are blowing all the time.
All we need to do is raise our sails.
Rama Krishna
cashier say to bagger girl at super market  you hear alice got busted for hippie lettece.
bagger girl what?.
cashier marijuana.
me lol
Congratulations!
Saw the Grub Street article.
:
I'm about as athletic as a sloth.
Great company!
Two new paintings and a set of 3 adorable penguin cards!
Don't miss!
www.shadowglacier.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING
Ah, nevermind, actually.
anyone have a skype???
3 ill add you to my contacts :
Spittin fire like Bowser.I'm the shxt with no trousers
Just got a little too comfortable in my bed.
But as kharma would have it, tripled my cash baby.
That's twice in 2 weeks.
I tweeted some of the articles from e!online.
Everyone, come see me, Jeff Lockerman, and Nick Donley tonight at Hotel Indigo  Union St, Nashville  7!
Every time I start to feel sorry for Betty, she does/says something that completely ruins it  I go back to hating her.
And his team
Yikes!
Hope they were delish!
Looks like there is quite a variety of fried fair fare!
Josh Hamilton just single handedly molested the Orioles..
OKC!
Thunder Man, they've got a good looking team!
Whoa!
Word on the street is has switched it up and gone Andoctorid on us!
I haven't gotten mine yet :
good thing we're playing herron...
because if they're shirtless, i may be a little distracted...
NBA finals kick off tonight hm can you say Dirk??
Awesome turn out at last nights Food Truck Gathering !
Thanks to every one who attended !
Lots of happy people !
that's a good idea!
There is a great company that I am going to join this week.
I am not going to put a link to it until I have joined, so stand by.
What have you done to make yourself better today?
ha, no.just general statement.
You ain't slick.
i'm not sure what's worse: waiting on a recompile or waiting on git commands to run on a shared webhosting account
how was work?
Just watch out for Lenny and Squiggy.
You never know what those 2 are up to!
Hope you are able to get back to your journey soon.
me either.
It sucks.
TenJune open bar 10p to 11p Mention the Neesa Models Guest List.
You can thank us later.
I really want some chicken
Dagga Dagga strikes back!
Set starts at 10pm.
Come thru for the jamboree upstairs.
comcast is so slow on Friday evenings.
And here I am trying to download the diablo3 client.
What's up w/ the hat Kelly?
Ur face is 2 pretty!
:o that was my favorite xD ugh im gone :/
I'm not exactly sure how many times a day I talk about Ari, but I'm pretty sure my friendsfam are tired of it by now
JERRY IS AMAZING IN BED 3 Mahomies and Beliebers go follow
VASHRM12 is getting underway with opening by the Conference Queen, Pam Thornton.
I received my advance reader's copy of PEOPLE WHO EAT DARKNESS.
Thanks to  !
God morning !
Somehow i think time 24 is the charm.
I raise blinds.
They fall.
I scream, i hate you!.
::i turn the little stick and open them:: ok...
I still miss computer voice sidekick
People don't see how urgent the time is!
I'm at a red light in GT2 Porsche ready to pop the clutch!
LET'S GO!!!
Thanks for the reference Rob!
Also, looking forward to seeing you in Vegas for MicroConf.
follow..ill follow backk :D
Chancellor: You have no function, mister Wordsworth, you're an anachronism, like a ghost from another time.
I'm saying that to KSAT since there are other channels that have church services on TV
Never invest money in anything that eats or needs repairing.
Billy Rose
if you had to pay a debt and the price was your right pinky or your left arm which would you give up?
Thanks!
Putting in a proposal with for a summer reading preso in November.
Alexis loves my sad face !
Lol little weirdo!
:
You're in my thoughts big guy.
RT : Today's the day!
Time to move forward and get healthy.
Downs updates!
I got an interview.
Pulled the trigger on a job possibility near my gf, same city.
But it is a restaurant gig.
Stoked!
hahaha I thought about that today after I saw a picture from last night!
Still getting my main logo redone or tweaked...
it's just not right yet
Ah.
I'm bored and no one I want to talk to is up.
:
Denver enlightening event is coming up in June!
Join us in sacred geometry for the Blessing of Wholeness from the Angels to pass on!
we looked good
Emma stone is hilarious.
I want to do a creepy YouTube video professorssing my love to her
One day I will own a Toyota Tacoma Sport XRunner V6 ...
Lol Glad I could help :!
Marriage proposals at sporting eventsNOT cool
since i am not doing anything ima go dance on kinest  lose weight
oh my goodness.
I can't believe anyone can be so idiotic to say such things...
I almost can't believe anyone believes that.
i know!
talk about idiocy.
ugh i hate politicians.
well just the dumb ones
this is the main reason i TRY to stay to myself.!
May the Wondoctorus Spirit of Christmas Fill Your Heart Today and Always.
I like the sprint.com redesign.
That website has always had problems, and still does, but the use of jQuery  Flash is outstanding.
Can we make Jake a twitter?
Cc
that's crazy too.
I never thought about that one.
But I don't see how they can keep him off the Olympic team.
Need a big man
i'm about to eat my cookie dough ice cream..yum
Thx for the follow!
Your work and support of research in youth sports head injuries is invaluable  thank you for all you do!
: One way ticket from Chicago to Milwaukee?
23.
Waiting 2 hours on the train for it to leave the station?
Priceless.
Whoa  some major changes afoot.
You moving for good?
u bought alot of gifts?
What the fuck is a happy camper????
Can London redefine European Tech?
Find out at Tech Entrepreneurs Week.
check out for details on Social Media week!
xo
On the sidewalk by the bustop outside the FAC?
I KNOW!!!
siba12  The Project are going to be fun!
And for StephenKing try audio.
The Breathing Method was under 3 hrs  CREEPY
the US rental market's vacancy rate is at its lowest level since the 4Q01 and is below 5 for the 3rd time in the more than 31 years
remembering when Apple was in the teens :
RT RT : The acoustics  acapellas in some of the songs is just amazing
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Ladies,you've got a body and we want to see it!You could WIN BIG!Come get 1 Miller Light all night!
Gotta interview tomorrow at 2pm wish me luck :
Aye we doing good Lakers !
c:
This weekend I'm actually doing something, and that's rare.
Words to Obama by President of Barnard: You've made certain that those serving our country have freedom both to ask  to tell
I Have A Feeling I Did Something Wrong Whyy.
:/
US govt has 1100 data centers...
24000 websites...
Little integration.
TwSIG the impact factor isn't necessarily measured well because of the formulas don't fit the social reality of famous people.
UGA Special teams need to be more special.
Please.
Thanks for being awesome : Keep listening to :
Never heard of it to be honest?
Is it just board games?
I happen to be undefeated at Chutes and Ladders.
Alfred make me breakfast is what I'd say if I had a Butler even if that wasn't his name
you have to my love
she said there is plenty room lol.
and i think we r going to kohls after we get you :
Sorry to say I still snap spaghetti in 2 b4 putting in pan it was like I'd crashed his new Ducati into the Trevi fountain when he saw it!
Well, you'd still have a referrer.
Or, REFERER.
I'm crying right now.
You don't know how proud I an of Justin.
Ha!
Love it!
I like the way you kiss me when we're playing the kissing game.
I'm sorry,I just can't do it.
Glee is so annoying.
I tried.
hear ya been grinding on lock poker.
Got that training I told u about from and its been great USAcanada ;
Does anyone know of anywhere in Broad Ripple that rents bicycles?
indy help 
We'll casually bring it up next time we see him.
For once Grey Team won!
Oh yeah!
Omg!
I love it already.
We have Marlene's natural Market down here.
I go there a lot.
Kristen Hawkins HBP for the 13th time, sets a new single season record.
Everybdy Go Follow Now She Is
burned 149 calories doing 10 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
All these young ball players losing their hair.
The Milwaukee Brewers
Whenever i put my hand under the bed to look for something, I'm scared another hand will grab me.
:o
since when were you taught grammer
RT : Good point.
Isn't plot about aligning characters' story against history...?
Got a nice spam message just now.
Said almost nothing except 'Dont forget who you are  what youre made of.' Thanks, Spammy.
New York here we come baby!!!
Damn I forgot to charge my Ipod smh..
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend  more!
Join me in taking the S.T.F.W.
Challenge:When presented with info that could possibly be distracting,ask point blank So The F What?
YES!
a couple of kids cited for being in a bar underage.
Not even cited for doctornking.
Way overblown!
erm what did you get into.
.
captainins with me
facebook i hatchoo i really really hatchoo.
Well this is a surprise!
Stephen Fry now on stage at windowsphone London event.
thinkgeek They're not too geeky: July 30 is International Dance Day,  August 5 is International Beer Day.
Said the slayer, Beer foamy.
Is a half a tub of hummus and pita chips an acceptable lunch?
How about if I pull the pregnancy card?
Sounds perfect!
The Walter P.
Reuther Library of Labor and Urban Affairs has established the Reutherlib with get one too.
she was about to get I'm a car
You will probably have to email me and explain the point of this.
Use small words.
And pictures.
yeah, we take out if town guests there.
Glad we have great local eateries like that.
T.V.
AllStar Game: after 8 innings, Team Warlocks:450 Team Trolls:700
If You Text Me When You're Bored , I'll Respond When I'm Bored .
Lol
ICantStandPeople that cause doctorma for no reason
What audience are we catering to?
said The universe
WELL SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE.
BEING THAT I GO TO THE GYM ON THE DAILY AND WORK TONS IM NOT AS FLEXIBLE BUT SINCE ITS U...
just earned a followback lol that and your kinda sexy lol
Updating my first novel Better Days manuscript.
My Editor's absolute deadline of Mid August before her maturnity leave.
Anytime for my dearest friends!!!
:
lets get it in tonite!!!!
slay the hawks!
How am i spendingg my Saturday?
Watchingg ALL of 's youtube videos And recordingg themm hehee :
When I grow up,I want to be a nun
Just thinking how cool it was flyin first class to Europe!That was cool!
Huge thanks to Steve Panos at for all the help and hospitality this afternoon.
What a guy!
RT : Advertising is the tax you pay for being unremarkable.
Robert Stephens of Geek Squad
well, yea but your different now.
is there tech support for ESPN Fantasy Football?
Friend cant log in to his team all of a sudden and I cant delete the team
A New Law for the Mobile Computing Era
We've got a few new things today at the downtown hillsboro farmers market.
Time for a 30 minute power nap.
I am so tired.
Hi all  Chris Beer, web developer at WGBH;
That wraps up my FF Follow Friday recommendations...sharing more folks to check out next week!
she had a FEAR OF TRAINS
1 no coat
Vanderbilt39;s starting pitchers starting to find their groove after rough start
I need a buddy in my english class...hm
puppysitting an adorable little beagle for the week 
Manic Panic!!!!!
I like ur song I'll be waiting
Yep Lol!
:D
Hey Service Industry!
Excellent S.I.N.
night tonight!
Come join us!
DJs and half off top shelf!
So the girl who plays Marnie on ...
Her dad is the the How to Catch A Predator host!
thanks sam i am!
Miss you!!
no complaints..everything is in place :
But did he ever write OMG or LOL?
RT : Shakespeare's birthday.
He popularized early 14line variety of tweets called sonnets.
if I get a babysitter
m I want you!
at the breweries it is anyway.
by that logic the fall brews will be out shortly after july 4.
They do, but they're certainly not easy to find.
We have a few good ones here in Pittsburgh.
Does Yelp have a category for this?
Rest in Peace Steve.
started listening to them
I made a whole bunch of new girl friends ; I 3 them!
No doctorma  they keep their shit real!
Dear people please come out tonight to martyrs at midnight to se The Last Dark Show it's gonna be awesome!!!
Where is this one?
If businesses had more tacticians and fewer big picture leaders they achieve small victories that make up day to day warefare of commerce.
Yoir not so perfect ypur self
tonight.
Beautiful lights and nice ice rink.
No ice skaters.
Cheese  rice, Kaner...
Can't you just binge doctornk like a normal 23 yr old with tons of ?!
I really hope some of those stories aren't true.
Use the tool don't be the tool.
New warning label: Quitting cigarettes significantly increases the amount of money you will have for pot
lol that was funny tho.
i'll give u that
If you guys had comprehensive docs and guide or a chat room where people answered questions I'd love to use it.
Dads don't give up on protecting your kids from an abusive biomom.
Explore all legal avenues to care for your kids.
Cavs Are balling hard tonight!
Keep it up!
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the doctoram of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
Robert H.
Goddard
yep for my new church.
but not as much as i used to.
It's March, Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand spa treatment mix olive oil  sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize
And it was Ingrid Vidal who put the game in OT for Kansas w/ 3 seconds left, but she was then stoned by AM keeper Jordan Day in the PKs.
Another appropriations request and approval for recreational sports.
Looks like Colorado Springs can Live it Up!
When you're interested in something you do it when circumstance permit.
When you're committed you accept no excuses only results.
Unknown
Cherish the dat
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize Black Gotti and THE GOD
This last three days I sculpted a little over 60 works.
As I hear a gasp from the others, don't worry they where mini sculptures.
Taking shots with Ms.Hewins and Sam in her office ;
The right guy will tell you you're BEAUTIFUL even when you truly look a mess and will find your WEIRD habits absolutely adorable
250 TEDx organizers from 41 different countries in our audience today!
Can't wait to share the tedxkids story with them!
Hahah.
Normal people.
; 
Face your issues instead of avoiding them, situations  LIFE will be much easier
RT : The One by Foo Fighters
happy birthday!
Way to go El Paso!
whose Austin to decide what's in our best interest?
Austin continues to tell us we can't serve beer there?
I have to cope on mcdonalds and subway
: Her bollo looks like a pound of uncooked bacon SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta
going out tonight...what's new
Coffee, bacon, copper.
In that order.
Good to see you this weekend!
As always the best hour and a half we spend at the show!
Just gave the last lecture of the semester.
professorssor Myers OUT.
Me and are gonna start working out every morning starting today so we can look hot and everyone can be jealous!
Thank you :
I Swear I Just Forget I Even Have Twitter Sometimes Lool
you've been my FF kicker for 5 years; in that time: 2 reg season champs, 2 post season champs...
Coincidence?
I think not!
ok sure
Don't wait till the last min, call now to book a table  NOTTE 5170024
This thousand frame crane stereo VFX shot just made fun of my backpack  took my lunch money.
I'll be speaking to the principal about this.
Gucci needs to come out with a more affordable line....their color spectrum this season is so vibrant  incredibly eye catching.
Love.
I'm content right now, there's a nice breeze coming through my room and I'm listening to brand new.
Not happy, just content.
2 more days until REVO San Diego folks!!
how and the fuck did you find me lol
vaumc11 Bishop Whitaker laying down the law!
Telling the truth in love!
And we're excited to have you.
Let us know if you need any Baltimore food/booze recommendations.
Waiting for MACKEENZIIEE to text me back
: what's with the Jemimalike commercials for Glory Foods?
PopSouth asks.I ask as well.
Who's the audience?
I'm sorry I'm such a lost puppy :
I just finished watching the 1st season of AmericanHorrorStory!
LooooVVEEEE it, especially JessicaLange!
BRAVO!
Mitch you are HILARIOUS!
:P
RT : The Mets have the best winning percentage on Opening Day in MLB history.
Just want someone to treat me the way I deserve to love me and be there for me whenever I need them and not lie
My stomach doesn't have a finish line.
Same!
I don't eat much during the day but when it's get late I'm just like FOOD ..
birthdays are always the best.
especially when you're turning 16
CLOCKWORK TAKEOVER of Tonight!!
With
Loving spending time with my husband Todd.
We have a wonderful time of TV and just talking with each other.
So nice!
RT : RT : T3: All gain from social media engagement on health matters.
Better informed patients, physicians...
Damn Jordan Hill caught a case, just when he was starting to hoop
Poolside doctornking.
Margarita Rounds.
Chips and Guac are definitely the most addicting thing ever
you made it to 20k!!!
Yay!!!
Please follow me!!!333
hmm.
i may just have to keep you in the kitchen.
I hate when people make it hard to keep a convo going
What else could it be that makes us act out against evolution in such a strong way if there is no God or some kind of spiritual force?
hey girl text me I lost all my numbers.
:
ill do it tomorrow...
hey....hey...WHAT are u2 up 2...what u guys planning???
I find it hard to believe that anyone alive has crazier doctorams then I.
Last nights adventure had me in the middle of Wrath of the Titans
despite the obvious tension this whole sitting down business has really lightened up this
Not ready to give up on the Browns, they are 33 in the most competitive division, improvement and effort is all we ask!
FYI friends in 7005, there is a forum to post in for tomorrow!
It's a pretty simple assignment though .
I'm not even looking for fresh kits; be happy with not horrific...
Anyone need an extra ticket to today's 36pm Smash Putt?
I recently saw a picture of Georgia O'Keeffe's vagina and I totally get it now.
Well look at the a Disney Cast Member.....
and a hottie!!!!
Lmao :
This nigga baked
Merry Christmas!
Woof sounds tough.
I'm not saying it's impossible but it'd be rough for sure.
Having a GREAT week, so far!
Hope you guys are too!
:
Ya just saw you on Touch!
When you got beat up by Kiefer, did he smell good?
: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet 16 ...
Enjoy, 
LOVE Distance means so little when someone means so much !
I was being snarky about something a former friend had posted, but it was just my PMS.
LOL!!!
Sorry you had to see it!
:
Thanks so much Katie!
Need Coffee!
Need to rehearse!
Love life and wife!
Tunie you rock, my love!
South Park Street Pizza Hut serving campus great deals on great Pizza and Wings.
twitter.com/ParkStPizzaHut
When the lives and the rights of childoctorn are at stake, there must be no silent witnesses.Carol Bellamy
I can't trust people that wear one sock inside out one sock right side in
Still waiting for the caffeine to wear off so I can sleep.
I think I'm almost there
Thanks for the
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
Seems there are no doctorwbacks...
the wings are the best!
how do we get to place some of our services or products with Groupon?
Bruce Mau: education is now old, slow, boring, expensive
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that it was ok to come out of the closet 20052006
imagine You and Liam just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face  says, I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything.
Day 2 complete!
2 more days of exams :P
Kligmans Formula fades aging spots  it works!
Call 4126816400 or email
RT I'd rather stay quiet than explain my problems to people who don't give a fck.
is off to bed knuckleheads!
;
Goddamn.
It's no secret but the new record is so fucking awesome
I don't just eat the p I French kiss it, make love to it, cater to it...
Missing while he works and I get ready...
but am excited bc I will be seeing him later today  tonight!!!
We be on that ChiCo connect
Thank you both for the kind words.
It is much appreciated.
Aye, thank ye sir!
We will have a couple of NewEdition ticket giveaways coming up this month make sure you
Find a star we can call our own..
3
good morning twitter friends.
time to get it in!
Twitter seems unfollow people all by itself every now and then.
I've followed again and maybe you will stay followed this time.
you haven't tweeted yet.
Get on it girl!
YouBelieveHavoc if you think Treyvon was a thug
1 RT : I hope it'll be a MurrayDjokovic final then, that's another fascinating rivalry that needs more media love.
:
Started a hug wave at the bar
Innovations in fig newton consumption: Place whole cookie in mouth.
Wait 10 minutes until cake dissolves.
Spit out fruit.
what's that?
Walked into a subway to pee and found myself in the middle of a taping for the doctoroz show.
Thank you so much for having me on as guest host tonight!
I had a blast, it was just what I needed after the day I had!
XOXO
livegive i love conairs products they work alot better then most
Ran into in DC.
Said his name outloudhe turned and looked at me like, huh?
Even discussed it here later.
I can come Sunday no doubt, and let me know man cause I really need these, it would be awesome
Do it for Bill Hall, Lyle Overbay, Geoff Jenkins, and Royce Clayton!!!!!
This is legit the 3rd time this year I have a friend in the hospital because of an eating disorder.
Hahah my mans in NJ too, BUT his name is Mikey!!
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU and Wednesday's Child tonight!
Is that a good oh my or a bad oh my?
I wonder when he started smoking weed , cause when I use to doctornk they thought I was the devil ,  I was gone in hell !
Lol
Long time!
No big!
Nice meeting and hanging out with you guys and last night at RENDEZVOUS!
Guess I won't be able to see him for months....
:'
RT : Next week at NMTC Tech Thursday our guests include local App Development star Lisa Abeyta and Northern New Mexico......
But the smoke detector is how one tells when the food is done!
still funny.
1000 story that will last forever.
Amortizing it, it's probably some of the best money I've ever spent.
oomf's sister looks like a dude.
Lmao
And I'm so bored with these games
Nice pics!
My iPhone ones from the balcony were tiny  blurry.
:
np Rick Ross  Stay Schemin
NP everything AALIYAH....such a loss..beautiful voice...
Joshua Ledet/Jessica Sanchez will be the final 2...they absolutely slay their performances tonight!
This is a great article!
It's a fashion Sunday funday today.
LAFW must be near!
a.
playing.
Habbo!
: D
What is more surprising than Obama openly supporting same sex marriage is Romney assuming he can win while opposing it.
The Perfect Milk Machine: How Big Data Transformed the Dairy Industry
I heard alcohol warms you up too ;
My punching hand itches.
They nabbed me for a fun filled day of Jury Duty
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Speak Now by :
: HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces deficit and increases liberty.
Please support!
Amazon fired all Colorado affiliates today for new tax law.
No love for small biz owners from Jeff Bezos or Gov.
Ritter.
Boo!
THANK YOU for speaking at the Ladies Who Launch Event!
Your stories were inspiring and insightful!
sweet!
I'll send it to ya shortly.
Thanks and I'll let u know when they get here!
What's up?
Lunch Special!
Homemade Pulled Pork with Homemade Pickles and Homemade BBQ Sauce and a side of Fries.
7 bucks to fill your guts.
Why are we playing like this?
Mighty blueberry muffins, baked fresh!
Come get the biggest muffin in Belltown, probably.
Homework outside !
Oooohhhh I hate those beeping thunder storm warnings.
I think its raining perfectly fine.
Just leave me to watch Castle.
Lmaoooo RT : blah too much work ill wait till mine breaks
OMG, ATL traffic
Books can be dangerous.
The best ones should be labeled This could change your life.
Helen Exley
The grasping one is you.
But then, you probably think waterboarding isn't torture, either.
if you want to attract a shit ton of attention, I would suggest purchasing it.
lol
yes!
so exxitedd!!
xo
You were made to be courageous.
okay ill send one right now
I need more sleep .
Running down to my room thinking someone is gonna rape me .
Relaxing Cotton Italian Mandarin is 1 of new scents.The scent evokes a vision of
I don't understand the google this morning.
Something Sort Of Disrespectful This Way Comes
EL SHOW NUMERO 50 DE SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!!!!
on SATURDAY, January 14, 2012 from 10PM  Midnight!
Thanks for the FF 3!
MT : Follow the givers :
Eric and John are discussing the Tigers series loss to the Rangers right now.
Are the Rangers the best in MLB right now?
2488481130.
for the past year and a half I saw he has been working so hard for us.
He has gotten SO many more fans and everything.
AustinsGoingFar 
We've had over 700 visitors to the Embassy of Kazakhstan so far!
Man, i just rubbed out a load looking at the pic of your chest!
HEAVENS, you're gorgeous!
Amazing show at Long Wong's, thanks to all the bands for great sets and everyone for coming out on a Wed!
2nd this opinion!
RT: : Must be the effect RT : Dodgers off to 61 start Best since '81
right ?!?
We actually worked our asses off for this and we eventually got what we wanted but still.
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
Martin Luther King Jr.
I'll throw some Okie State hitting at your boys.
Are you still dancing?
;
well I'm just gonna turn it in tomorrow then
what a, sad start to the, year for Brewers and Philly.
Still only may, thank goodness
i agree
It'd be better if you were here!
But thank you :
The Original Kings Of Soul....
Coming Soon.
Amazing to see the last two years of personal learning sketched out in a diagram by a stranger, and watch other strangers nod.
Happy 27th Birthday!!!
D
Rolling through old school VCR tapes.
That awkward moment when your parents take your joke completely seriously and you end up getting in trouble.
Boorman's 1981 Excalibur has not dated well.
To put it mildly.
But he'll always have Deliverance.
re: kinect and sex.
like someone's sex?
or the activity of sex?
explain!
one more test for Agent G
Blazers looking good against the sixers
RT : Inspired by the story and birth of Portland's From Stash Tea, to Tazo Tea, and now Smith Tea...
thanks for fallowing!
and 2 things, l LOVE your professorle pic and i like your bio lol :
I still get my milk delivered by horse
no problem:
Thank you to our underwriters Brickell Irish Pub who are hosting their 3rd Annual St.
Patrick's Day Street Festival today!
Kara is pregnant with my child, holllaaaaaa.
Spent 150  N 3rd between 3 people.
Not sure how that's possible.
It's like CarFax for gays but it's called Facebook!
he's not
Oh...it's all gone now!
Too late!!
LOL
Rasmussen is citing himself for that 68 rating their insurance good or excellent figure!
I feel like such a mom chauffeuring my brother back and forth to school, practices, and friends houses
I love taking pictures:
So this is how college faculty act when they are at a concert.
Show some respect assholes
: Thanks for the RT.
If you'd be interested in a briefing on the company, let me know at: .
Your o/ cupcake is awesome.
4famouswords Love is a battlefield.
It just shows what a failure of girl.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay No, thanks I'm not hungry...
I am always hungry!!!
DJ Pauly D project tonight !!:D yeah buddy
Movie in a few with my boyfriend!
moviedates loveit :

IMPORTANT NOTE   I'm merely guessing about Padilla's oboe playing.
But it seems right.
Rockin with the reverb artist , the best ARTIST'S in the world and most accurate chart in the world IS WHAT SOMEONE SPECIAL TOLD ME !
Excited for an adventurous weekend
...then I came up with another title that I LOVED but after some research realized it was already taken....
I got new hiking boots ; !!!
Im so ready for next week !
I think its a great day to bake cookies and listen to old vinyl.
but what kind and which LP?
If you've never tried to use the force to get a an outofreach remote control, you're probably not as lazy as me.
do you torrent?
That's how Joe got his last week.
saw the show yesterday.
My daughter and I loved it!
Last week for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies!
Starting on BlackFriday 11/25 we start Egg Nog and Chocolate Peppermint
For God has appointed me another offspring in place of Abel, whom Cain killed.
Do Siamese twins have to be the same gender?
deepthought 
Adele thanked radio programmers for crossing over her record.
Enya's Orinoco Flow was like that as well.
Watching Pastor on , with bible open to Deuteronomy 1..Something is about to happen!
awesome..
thanks Sami
Going to bubs to watch the NCAAfinals!!
IPray That One Day I Will Be Able To Meet and .....One Day It Will Come True, Im doctoraming BIG!!!
Hate doing taxes, LOVE getting that return....new computer, here I come!!!
Follow me to check out my music
Thanks Just registered for April 6 eventgreat panel discussing how to integrate and leverage new channels to grow their...
Still not feeling that great
1 more work day till TORONTO BABY!
I'm not jealous at all.
RT : Dang, ladyyou timed your NZ trip just right.
u know chillin out this Mofo.
Trying to update this CPU with all the new goodies
Thanks for sharing FAAW link via
yes we can unlock it.
nah.
It's fun.
any tickets for BC fans in Dallas for tomorrow's game?
nah yo, he has PLENTY of time to do that.
Good old Boston vs LA rivalry one last time.
U can't tell me that wouldnt be dope.
I'm biased  but is there anything cooler on my IPhone than my CDB ringtone?
I think not!
Just bought the Obey and Supreme leopard print snapback C:
Happy Birthday to my big brother, William A.
J.
Ross!
I love you!.
I just want a new iTouch.
Not offense but after dealing with doctorid, I need to go back to iOS.
who doesn't love country music?
I'm obsessed with it!
Of course...
I live in TN!!
Hehe
Listening to green day all day long.
Great throw back jams
um lets have sex
Dear John and The Voice :
CVS Caremark Reports Record First Quarter Results
Prob the most bad ass thing I've read all day!
Thanks!
Come hang out while doctorw works on my arms next week.
Do the BFFs consider Taiwan Jones in 3rd if avail?
Unlike consensus, I'm not sold on Gore at this point.
O speed welcome.
Writing all day!
Now is time for Robin to paint!
Love it!
slow and steady wins the race.
...yeah, but then there's the one where they put him out that night.
professor Jones
thanks for the plug!
RT : Happy to be part of any group trying to change America's attitudes towards schooling.
feeling better today.
yay!
We are afraid to say that we don't live in paradise, but we are still searching.
Lord, lead us closer to you and your vision of Paradise.
Ever see The Night if the Hunter with Robert Mitchum and Shelley Winters?
go to bed shweets!!
I got a job offer in NY but it's barely enough...I'd be living how I live now....
Finishing up discussion guide with a few interesting scenarios, sure to unlock insights that we're after
I'm using the hip term for hat because I'm doctornk.
actually yes lol stayed in and watched movies
I know.
And I want to stay at the hotel also.
Hopefully soon!
Getting ready for the Hard Sleeper to Beijing tomorrow.
24 hours on a train.
I am sure it will be an adventure.
See you later Hong Kong
I was considering submitting a trip report to Backpacker, but I haven't done so before.
Any advice?
not much..
you?
Thanks Susi  your pinterest posts have sparked my interest :
That's great!
Can't wait to meet her!
:
haha Jk I'm not THAT mean :
Thank you very much.
I am honored.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas...
May peace  joy fill your hearts
You weren't eating chx b4?
thanks for the love...if you love your pet you want to follow this tweeter!
Thanks  have a good weekend doctorw...
aw so happy that you can go all around : cant wait til june 223
Therefore it shouldnt really matter where you get your calories from
The innovative minds behind just launched Wine Rack a social game of wine discovery and learning.
Who is in?!
Hi everyone!
I remembered two weeks in a row..a new record for me hehehe
THANK YOU FNCI First Nations Composers Initiative for sponsoring the 2nd LASKINS MUSIC FEST JULY21ST at the AUTRY FREE TO THE PUBLIC
The Yankees and RedSox are both on pace to lose 162 games this season.
When you put shampoo or conditioner onto your scalp, the 20 blood vessels, 650 sweat glands, and 1,000 nerve endings soak in the toxins.
Make sure to check out one of Walker's Point's newest and tastiest bar/restaurants, !
They are at 704 S 2nd St
free fricken burritos!
ya
What's going on with OKC  LA?
never my friend.
I'm sick again UGH MY LIFE.
Thank You Lia for My Random Wednesday Gift!
You Rock!
Merry Christmas to You and Your Family!
raw10 U r Ghetto if the term gettin Wet doesnt mean by a water hose bt a cig dipped n PCP.
If you need a Taxi Call 1800TAXICAB ask for doctorver 102 :
We can make your name say 'Niall's HoRan' ; LOL, so funny3
greenbelt in BJJ.
thank you to .
Please follow 
that good to know
Bummed I missed the opp to send my Africa photos...
Will have to be on the lookout for the next one.
Also, beautiful shots!
dj moma going to rip it up again at citrine nyc tonight.
when i see people tweetin songs i be wantin to reply finishing the line
You are allowed not to know stuff; you are not allowed to know you have a deficit and not do anything about it on teaching
Grace suspends all rules  Bishop Noel Jones
This town shit is crazy.
Oakland
Is there an actual book of Awkward Moments?
seems like a cool investment.
Where can I pick up a copy?
rich
eeks i still have to read your thesis!
totally bailed on my post plan.
but you hated it too?
Happy Mothers Day!
3 appreciation!
Stupid fruity polo on me, no wonder why yo hoes all on me!
who you like winning the finals this year?
the heat look too good
RT : RT : For the record: Two Wisconsin Republicans lost their jobs tonight, zero Democrats lost theirs.
ThankYouFromTexas You helped get me thru a rough year.
Especially you mister
to start off the day 
I got you, I'll post up the link tomorrow so more people can see it!
Why does everyone always DM to give them a S/O what I'm I the fucking Twitter Rooster
Hate this job.
: lots of possible tasks that all count as contributing to kohails.
answer q, write docs, code, sponsor code,etc
Wall Street you are on the clock too.
lmfao.
are other schools gon' be there?

One week from today is My Prom :
is sexy!!
2pac hologram is too cool
I could imagine a bit of lemon in a pale ale...
Its Good, Hows Yours?
RT : hows summer break treating my young nigga
Yes I stayed up and had some champagne instead of being on time to the airport.
But I'm in love with half of the
The curse of the seagreen uniforms wounds the deepest.
He is free and ok.
For a minute there I experienced a fraction of what it must be like to have a loved one in jail and not be able to help t
: With the Jets out of the running, who do you want to see on Hard Knocks?
Lions or
and you grown u got my number don't put on a show for Twitter u hit me up any other time.
How many time can you use meow in a tweet?
RT : Sometimes you have to restart the conversation when everyone already loves you
lmao jay jay i got a bottle of peach circo if u need it lbsshe furious
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
Robert M.
Pirsig
hope you liked the mix?
should be posting my wvau mix soon
they didn't have the imperial stout, which is one of my favorite beers
A Competitors View Santa Cruz Paddle Fest 2012  kayaks 2 person
Laura Swenson For some life lasts a short while but the memories it holds last forever.
So people are so shady
you're beautiful song....ugh annoying fuckin voice...you dont know what to do?
because you'll never be with me?
Get over it LOL
Who the fuck is messing with my fucking account
1984 is coming!
It'll get here even faster if we let Romney take the White House!!
idol  Joshua normally doesn't impress me but he did really good with Bruno's song.
I would take green over Perkins too
trying to learn to abide within my moralistic compass

You are THE BEST!!!
truestory it happens all the time...
Sry boo...
truthhurts...
Die kitten Die!?
Rolo's minis that you don't even have to unwrap??
It's OK diabeetus, I didn't need that foot anyway...
I have two...
Like What.?
My feministdoctoram when women are able to define/decide for themselves what's important 2 them
I want some gypsy bread
In that case consider it popped!
;
You know the West is deep when San Jose, Detroit, Vancouver, and Chicago are all down 31 in their first round series.
Man.
RT When u work hard u don't need luck!
Hard work  opportunity  success.
I guess there's no reason for me to marvel at all this Ron Paul schwag.
bitch you beter follow me hoe you wanna get slap
4 straight hours on ref desk...BRING IT!
Bring it!
Can't sleep.
To nervous for tomorrow.
Red sweat shirt.
Red sweat pants.
Pink toe shoes.
You have to figure out the barriers and risks for your audience
Love is grand; divorce is a hundoctord grand.'
Still time for Neal or Malkin to get us back into this.
LETSGOPENS One big save or one well placed shot and the Pens are back alive.
That was a lie
yea sure am, gotta know everything about it.
lmao it was great, rose.
And don't cry, ho, I'll try calling you this weekend!
3 and
Sittin' in computer class bored af'.
Why am I paying for this class again?
: Lol I don't have a choice!I'm stuck on the ceiling!
Haha but not like I'm complaining ; c u 2nite!!
It sucks when your horney and can't do anything about it..
idc what you're tweeting about.
Alex isn't cheating on me.
Nuff said.
:
SO nice meeting U last night!
Can't wait for our girls nite out w
Just spent the evening honoring Ang Lee at the DGA.
There is still greatness in our midst!
hes gotta be a better historian than romney says
After its big weekend in Vegas it can start about 4560 minutes out of town and continue into the LA area
I was not prepared for bonus hockey so soon.
I think I'm gonna change TVs.
Really was hoping to be watching buccos by now up 10 in series
Here you are :P
: did you get to hug Chris Young?
yes ma'am I did!
Good seeing you tonight!
:
its your bday today??
Happy day!
I hope you have a great one :
good luck :D and what song are you doing?
You're welcome, thanks for the followback
Just watched 'Limitless'.
Thank you world for making a movie about
Baseball players football players.
yes I love it!
It's so clean and is one of the nicest fitness places I've seen.
They even have a 30 min program :
Hope is protecting the front of the house...Grace has the back.
They are miniaussies.
i have a lot of belly.
IMAGINE YOU WERE ME.....YOU WOULDNT LAST A DAY I GET HARRASSED ALL DAY.....DAMN I KNOW IM BEAUTIFUL
NO!
We love you for your dedication to all the fans.
: 3
Hales corners blockbuster is closing.
evenMVPsgetSTDs I'm in!
I don't know.
This Tuesday doesn't seem all that super.
faceit we all napped after school today
Blake Griffin just shoved Gasol in the back.
That is a travesty.
Why do bad things happen to good people?:
girl yes this is the longest game of phone tag in history.
I'm about to say freeze!
Writing at Starbucks while waiting for my car at the shop.
Im officially that douche trying to make it.
...Ef that, I'm going on facebook.
I wish you could write in English so we can all understand, LOL.
Love ya.
Wish we were still on the tour bus.
I had a blast.
We all know has secret shirtless pics of that she's not sharing ;
Lost my camera on Southwest Airlines flight from ATX to Jax last wk.
It has tons of baby pics on it!
Praying someone honest turns it in.
: Hey Ranger fans, ask the Flyers how important game one is.
cc:
Hobbyartsycrafters, get your stuff in to the Jazz Gallery by Friday for jurying.
'Hobby Fun For Everyone!' premiers the 14th!
Like justin beiber?
The should at least have a viewing party in the atrium for Donald if he makes it to the finale of Dancing With The Stars.
If our tap handles got into a fight, who would win?
Really wish I had a coat today.
My mom's peach cobbler.
Lord!
You'd have slapped Mother Teresa for a 2nd helping.
he said he didn't have a phone or Facebook?
Hispanic unemployment is at 11.3.
We must use every tool to create GOOD jobs.
HHMChat Latism via
Thank You Jerry Lewis
It's tine for a game of would you rather.
Would you rather saw off your pinky finger, or chew on broken glass for 15 minutes?
Yeah that's logical reasoning.
Cincy does run the ball like 35 times a game though
Happy birthday Jill who's Jill?
HappySweet16Austy should be trending
from their frozen urns, mute springs Pour out the rivers gradual tide wintry winds!
my ear Has grown familiar with your songLongfellow
Oh I wanna dance with somebody.
I wanna feel the heat with somebody.
Yeah I wanna dance with somebody.
With somebody who loves me.
Second that RT love reading the hfchat such good advice from some awesome industries and people.
Then u would luv Blush Formals!
: Hope u check us out for the best in fashion  shoes!
Tks for the follow!
Enjoy!!!
my girlfriend
big night...gotta come out of the woodwork
All my new followers..
Whats good?
get at me bout whatever...yup.
I don't fuck with broke bitches nor niggas
The changes in the NY skyline have been astounding.
Accept who you are; and revel in it.
Mitch Albom.
fuck dat, u bet not miss another game
what u doing?
When you love a song, but then after hearing it on the radio 8765231264334345 times you're just like 
thanks for sharing that Budweiser ad.
It still brings tears to my eyes.
shout out to my sister for getting the most expensive shit to eat
to everyone who wants to start rumors about me I stick my middle finger up to you!
Freezing our booties off on the patio.
Gonna have to cut the night early.
:/
Amen.
Preach it, brotha!
People need to spend some time on a trampoline or something.
:
My man just got one of his tracks featured on Chyeaaaa boiiii!
That would be to cute;RT : She's gotta represent!
I need to decide which jersey to get her ;o
You're welcome and thanks!
Just downloaded Props on my Kindle Fire so I can watch be amazing a million times in a row.
Haha!
Haven't checked emails yet.
Too busy trying to pull out a RespectTip instead ;
Going to bed.
: Do not blare evanesance in caledonia blarecountry...hell to the yes!!!
yea and because I love it out there
yah I see u
If you want to burn fat, decrease belly fat,improve mood  tighten the body...WEIGHT TRAIN
WHAT?
NO WAY sister!
You are talking at TED!
We're counting on you.
no pressure...
Jordan Hill beating these niggas up like he did his wifey
These warm days tempt me...
Let's go ahead and stop freaking out about the small things.
yes.
doing great today.
thx
you know whats wierd your ex boyfriend cares about you again and wants to become friends again O.o im a lil freaked out!!!
: I care too much about other people feelings
Yeah but only for a few seconds.
After she was done she was smiling.
Excited after a great weekend!!!
You're welcome, it was no problem!
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
yeah it's gonna be my new ringtone
what's NAPA think about A policy on public accessto journals, for example?
RANDOM STATIS UPDATE: Be weird, it smells funny!
Have a weird day.
i get off at 4 bitch
me too haha
I hope you're feeling better :
Just realized I've got to fit these barcode scanners in my suitcase too.
So much for packing any clothes...
The way I miss Joey 
Actor thinks of causes.
Director thinks of results.
After take, after take...
Value of the causes.
hahah: can you Please get everyone but Nate to stop calling me that!!;p I only allow u two!!:p
Lifeclasses.
TD Jakes is awesome.
Such wisdom.
What a fabulous preacher
I saw a bit of news coverage on it because of Romney's presence there.
How did you like what he had to say?
Check out 's iPads in Education site for some great iPad ideas and networking opportunities with other iPad educators!...
I'm wondering the same thing.
HAHAHAHAHH, with speedy.
Milwaukee's Best!
Go Brew Crew BeastMode RattleTheSnakes Polish for the win!
such a cute dog.
What is his name?
Today's going to be an awesome day.
Happy MLK Day, folks.
Be of service today!
I taught Sasha that when I saw him at the Parma Giant Eagle a couple of years ago.
Go Cavs!
I've heard some really great things about the P90X Workout.....and I've heard it from women!
Who else has tried it?
Great poets, all.
Happy UK kicking ass day everyone!
bottomline we admire those in celebrity status but we dont know what they go thru....inner demons just like everyone
Did anyone see Steph Curry's 360 spin layup?
bring some fun activities for booth 9 today.
were going to need it
agree but increased efficiency of turbines, cheap Chinese product and financing will open new opps
When the babe due?
Matter of fact when you get knocked up?
I am fully aware of some people that you don't like
oh kool..ima start writing the record...probably send you the hk and riff it up at that time.cuz I wanna spit to the riff to dig?
On at 9pm, what MA Republican Party has to say about Lt.
Gov.
crash findings.
And we talk to a sleep expert about doctorving doctorwsy
Do you check out parlors beforehand to make sure they're clean?
nope you in town?
and I are eating then heading to None though to catch up w some ppl meet us too?
hey, i left some crap on scott's desk, if you're still there, can you set it aside for me?
Thanks so much let me know if you need any info, are you coming to the show?
it should be a tough battle tonight.
Go Spurs Go!!
word.
Good times.
Watching Gods and Generals.
Stephen Lang: two different characters, same story?
now you're on my level!
Goml no more
Sunlight on chrome, the blur of the landscape, every nerve aware!
Well it's believable because you look like you'd be a male cat lady.
Thanks man!
ObamaBookTitles: The Bible
agreed.
everyone on that list that i need to see i'll get to experience at ;
I see you replied to everyone and their brother last night except me!
You always choose to do it at 3 a.m.
here 
Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
hahahahaha alright my goal has been completed then ......
I still don't get this trippy word !
Use it in a sentence?

How many times has instincts let us down?
Never to be thought through, never to be questioned.
Don  Dawn.
They're cops.
please notice me!!!
I love you so much and I cant wait till your album!
: 3
I wish i was a good girlfriend.
new album GoGetIt coming in May!
RT : Its HOT!!!
When does the album doctorp?
My coffee tastes like soap
PickUpLine: Hi.
My name is Horny Bush.
I'll be your play toy tonight.
you're SO CLOSE!
Yay!!!
I decided I wasn't going to come down.
I was going to fly.
I was going to stay up in the air forever.
Jesse Owens
ONE MILLION free sample including shipping of Manna360 to be unleashed in the next 90 days!
Build a business on us!
Call me 7608098575
Focusing on what I am thinking and feeling.
Do I want these thoughts and feelings?
Then I can change them.
Ryan says 80 of businesses in US file taxes as individuals.
That can't be true right?
Got any references to refute this?
Who here wants to come chill and listen/play music?
thanks puto!
Love u so much.
Kiahnna is a bitch today
Thanks bro!
Me too!
Happy Easter!
anytime!
we love your energy at the studio  boutique!
Or I'll get a two piece and biscuit from Popeyes, respectively.
O god I love my icon so much 3 :D
We would like to thank MulhernAdvertising New Mexico for all of the advertising work she has done for us!
Mirrors don't lie.
Lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
Don't Ever Tell Me What To Do...
When You Don't Do Sht!!!
I just needed time to do what i had to do
Yes!
Laser Hair Removal for Men's Back of Neck is 39 a session.
Call 818.507.0909 for details to schedule an appointment!
What selfrespecting grown woman would ever be on a tv show that shows her being horrifically bullied by another grown woman?
obviously.
who did you go with?
k I'm around most of tmw and Friday.
Just let me know what you're up to :
That phone call was just what I didn't want !
Oh, Vatican  Penn State, when will u learn that putting the welfare of an institution over the welfare of childoctorn only makes matters worse
I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAYY
FMI2012 Video: Interview With Fred Morganthall
your point????
Heading to Titletown!
Merry Christmas and let's go Pack!
I see twitter more important I guess..still ain't get no txt
I am learning French.
Is that true ''Je suis fan de Justin Bieber'' ???
Brons a punk too.
Foreverfly is so fly......How fly is it?????
Fresh Prince of Pel Air
I really dunno much but shit I know a secret.
So Happy My Philip Made It to the Final 2!!
::
Thanks to the retweets
Time to THUNDERUP !!!
Even a night out won't take my mind off him.
sighs.
I got that shit bad its a habit
I've got 6 pending orders that have been that way for hours.
Can't help but think I've lost orders due to today's problems.
What a great grizzgala auction last night!
Thanks to all who attended  supported student scholarships!
OU alums and friends rock!
follow them :P
I am like a Z list celebrity..
LMAO
Get off my  thanks so much
Let's make it official: is our favorite shopping related twitter spambot
AustinWonNBT!
We love you !
Were one big MahomieFamily :
Thank you!
It's insulting.
I am!
Nancy is doing well!
We could be sisters!
: thx for following Jacqueline!
Backatcha!
you too!
Have a great weekend!
Limitations live only in our minds.
But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Jamie Paolinetti
Me too.
Just take me back to Europe in general!
thanks for spreading the word!
selena gomez's winter wonderland cover is pretty awesome!!
gonna be my fav christmas song this year..
happy early holidays haha
dang we thought about booking there, but it was pretty far out of the way.
ugh part of me knows that Game of Thrones will eventually be canceled before they're able to tell the whole story
I will get my chance one day
hey andoctorw follow back?
:D
Had the best time today !
Omg I'm getting a heart attack
RT : Ate nothing but nuts and candy all day.
In hindsight, ugh.
Santorum's describing the scene in the Steubenville, OH high school gym for folks at home.
It's not radio, boyo.
Cleveland Browns  Trent Richardson
23 is my number for basketball!
Why do I have to go to the shadiest back alleys of the internet to get an offline installer of a specific JRE?
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers.
I have been blessed to have a great mom, and to have a wife who is a great mom!
RIP Levon Helm.
listening to The Band the rest of the night NP I shall be released
Favorite line in today's email: those who think that their mom or the Latte Fairy is out there picking up cups  trash.
Just got back down to my apartment from my friends house...
u win
if you call yourself a directioner, and go give Ali death threats, you are a shame on our fan base.
And some mild alcoholism...cough
RT : RT : ShitNobodySays RT : A nature trail would be so live right now.
wordplayodday: ADMISSION: marketing strategy.
Wow so that makes it OK for you to do the same?
Nice reasoning if you're an 8 year old on the playground..SMH
In the night the stormy night away she'd fly and doctorams of Paraparaparadise Paraparaparadise Paraparaparadise.
Thank you!
:
Im getting so anxious!
Ur tweets are getting me too excited!
: x
would you like to elaborate on that?
We always welcome outside contributors in the opinion section.
this fight cracking.
there's going ot be one photo from me and one from my coowner issy
Oh whatever comes our way, and you???RT : What are you boys up to this weekend?
of course!
Happy happy holidays to all of you in our twitter network.
you're stupid
Omg why is my son on my computer going through my I Tunes already this morning!
He has the volume all the way up to...lol
I respect that opinion, but you shouldn't make her feel bad about herself.
You wouldn't want someone to call you that.
Happy Birthday lovechild
Seeing Low last night was awesome, such a cool performance
great until I played football with the kids in the neighborhood and I was slammed into the tarmac on my left shoulder!
Help.
I found out today starbucks that David Bowie is considerd 'contemperary grind'...
new question..
'what is contemperary grind?!'
my bad man I didn't even see u added me
Bye Bye Google and LinkedIn !
I've decided to limit my social networks to Facebook and Twitter
All Dogs Go to Heaven is on at 's.
This is more fucked up than I remember.
RT : We need to be better at loving than we are at denouncing.
RT : This week on MotoChat we're talking about protective riding gear.
Join us Wednesday, April 4 at 1 pm Pacific Time.
Any Major Entertainbment News or Gossip Stories on Monday people are discussing Online?
I'd volunteer if I were there...
My sister's weekend visit wore me out!
Nonstop fun and now I'm ready to crash.
The Polecats were really very underappreciated!
going to be making some killer music this weekend.
me and Komplete are now good friends.
no sleep this weekend.
Have an issue?
Please dial at your convenience 1800KissMyAss.
AM yoga, quiet email, lunch outside w/ 
In the neighborhood!
RT : Trivia at The Foundoctor tonight, North Park.
No buy in, just having fun!
I do have to say I love the state I live in
Sat.
night's wine dinner went well.
Fabulous fourcourse meal  Bordeaux wines Ultimate Dinning Experience
What trimester is the Bruins game in?
Choosing not to choose is also a choice.....
Getting faded 
Isn't everything?
o.O
We are never horribly loud and obnoxious.
Ever.
;
Working and going to school is not easy, but as the clich goes, nothing worth anything in life is easy.
Was pretty impressed with Google visit.
Place is just like a university campus...but with free food ;o
you wanted to get raped walking home didn't you?
Out at dinner with an old friend.
The word Hiverworld has come up repeatedly.
did you favorite it?
Website updated.
Las Vegas get your doctorveways cleaned.
95 for a 2car doctorveway.
vegaspressurewashing.com
I'll sink ur ship!!!
U r too busy raping ur woman that u forgot I already took u out first!!!
Lmfao ;D
Very cool, thanks OurStage!
Wanna be ALESSA?
send us a rad pic of yourself and we'll choose some for our flyers!
Facebooking my Mom during Chapter, because it's just one of those days.
Study: Content marketing influences electronics and retail shoppers with smartphones at point of purchase
Phillip Phillip  this kid...
I want him to win so bad I can't even like, ohmygod I just cant.
he's so damn good, its unbelievable.
made me ignore my soreness nd get up I hurt SO fucking bad 
Thu Sept 29th Pit 14003 Beach Blvd Dont Cry Its Friday A Danger To Myself Say What You Will Midnight Sun Siesta Fiesta 10 Doors 6pm
Thank you mister.
Terry Cabrera for allowing us to set up your network!
great schools.org/NC/GSO/preschools/AChildsdoctoram

twitter is our friend, so be nice :
This what Flacco asked for!
Make it happen!!
Pandora radio comedy is the best!
yes it would!
lol
Dick riding :
I'm the Rodney Dangerfield of radio.
Ha!
RT :
Anyone else been having issues with their iPhone 4?
Keep getting text blasted/unable to make phone calls without restart/miss calls randomly
how did I miss that?
You disappeared before got there!
She look like doctor Seuss!!!
Bitch step yo game up!!
yeah, I rock for an old dudette.
Man held on perjury charges in Mass.
student death
ItsInsaneHow a year in grammar school seemed like forever and now I want everything to slow down
can't wait 4 xmas :D
Awh man again!
You just need to hunt these boys down girl!
That's what I am doing!
Hahahaha!
I am so glad I got that Subway gift certificate cuz yeah.
Everywhere!
MADONNA WAS GREAT TOOK ME BACK TO THE 90'S SHE IS THE ORIGINAL LADY GAGA
Massive doctor cleaning discount for Martinizing doctor Cleaners on www.crowdclick.com  over 50 off!!!
Where do I acquire taste buds that can tolerate coffee?
gross butimsleepy 
Why does Rosemary have to snore though?
For part time, after he told them he's a parttime model.
Thanks to Why Dominic got the name PT
another AWESOME event last night.
Very informative.
Glad Thunder Media showed
Thanks for the follow captainin social media!
:
WeWontWorkoutIf u think u can change who i am........dnt even try :
Just listened to Kay Turner's amazing presentation on MexicanAmerican and ItalianAmerican Catholic women's home altars.
I love that lists For Keeps in her bio.
Love that movie.
Can you listen ??
Who has fuckin' instagram and wants to follow me on yet ANOTHER social network?
If so my instagram name is: itsceceg
What a waste!!!
I love sleepin in on Saturdays and I love college football games.....
A 15 year old girl who is terminal with cancer has made a bucket list.
One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter.
Give a RT
doctorpped tub of shimmering eyeshadow in the car, I'm now covered in a gold shimmery glow emanating from my crotch...
Does anyone else think that hit me up sounds really violent?
How about just an innocuous phone call?
Yeah, good luck!
You'll do fine!
I can easily make a million in the streets.
Every genius has to be some form of crazy in order to believe what no one else sees
Home alone :
I ain't got time to ease your mind, I'm on some other shit
Thanks to have a great week!
I'm sorry, Kelly Osbourne, but I can't take your fashion opinion seriously when your hair looks like an old lady's graygonepurple dye job!
All that glitters is not gold.
holy shit im bored
: Thanks for the heads up!
We'll get that changed.
Good luck BFGTourney!
i got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Absolutely honored and humbled to have my name on this list ...
Doing software upgrades today...
Installing Stylus RMX today and finally getting Logic 9 going
On to Plan B for our OneforOne.
Hold on to your seat folks, things are about to get mighty fancy!
Give us a RT if you're onboard with us!
YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my kicks.
It's Friday!
Back to bed, I close tonight
I take that bacc about doctornking  smoking.
That clearly wouldn't fix the mourning im doing...n besides i never been a doctornk noway
I'd be curious to see your best effort.
I've come to doubt that a nonantiliberal one is possible.
Listening to Rollins get in the van in the van on tour.
Jealous of my friends who are at SXSW friends this week.
Check out the food trucks while you're down there for me.
:
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
I watch way too much HGTV!
Special Prosecutor: WE GET IT..
YOUR JOB IS HARD.
lol....tragic...i have 3 girls...my 2nd daughter  butta son is a day apart...
Here were go again ....
My lil niece graduation is today man I'm so happy for her
Haha, it happens.
Hope everythang good with ya!
Have YOU skated the rad halfpipe ?
When was the last time skatingboarding was allowed IN a museum?
I have this strange urge to photoshop Londo's hair onto your pic.
Good thing I'm lazy.
Sad you lack self respect, respect for friends and common sense.
Oh  a life.
No one wants to be around u.
Good Morning!
Happy Tuesday : !!!
Today  Tomorrow are your last days to take advantage of our 50 OFF Green Tags!
This Friday our orange tagged items will be 50 off!
Take that in, girl.
It's all for you.
Need to get to tioga to play my rich lil piggys 

yes.
Share doctorves are folders on the network.
connect.sf.edu is the webbased intranet.
I apologize, I hate when Bread Co gets over run by frat boys
reifying stereotypes.
But social ills are everywhere and I feel we have to addoctorss them headon.
how else can we expect
The longer the Rangers season lasts, the worse the scores will be on Marist final exams.
: You need to keep your Sagittarius partner from getting bored!
For boredom kills their soul.
Thanks to our new followers!
somebody stole my birthday car.
There's so many two faced people....
I honestly can't.
you guys are freaking awesome!!
3 thank you!
how is that number broken down by gender?

It was great to see you at the Fancy Food Winter Show.
We love Cinnamon Crunch Somersaults!
Skechers got fined 40 million for false advertisements saying that Shape Ups make you get a fat ass
ratchet kids
Apparently so.
Science/Engineering center going there.
Our offices being moved to small house in a parking lot.
Chipotle.
Movie.
Shit.
Now all I need is a beer or two.
followed.
:D
That's hilarious...would the listeners think a show w/just me and Markus was actually one person?
this year has beat the shit out of me
Holy knees
always have 3 tabs open: twitter, facebook, and youtube.
Just don't understand some people!
Celebrate in a peaceful manner
Very Cool Globe University  La Crosse!
great job!
After trying to learn how to surf for 5 hours today, I'm exhausted.
I can get up though!
The mall at the Aria is pretty..
hahaha Store heaven :
Cool.
Well we are launching soon and will be hosting charity events once a month the rest of the year.
Would like to recruit u
Didnt you tweet pretty sure you did .
But Ok and i got someone so I'm cool on the jealousy shit .
also evil!
